Nov 11, 2016
Space Rogue, GoNNER
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/102159343
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/102160676
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cOp5gZapLeA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZwMAczusy3I
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/797159417691127808

[Part I]
hold on I'm gonna restart the laptop are
you starting now hey everybody welcome
hi welcome to the stream welcome
everybody
I want to I want to make a quick
announcement before we get going and
there's a preface this for when this
goes up on YouTube later
this is our first stream since the 2016
United States presidential election and
I would like to say officially that we
are not going to talk about politics I'm
sure you guys are getting that
everywhere you're getting a lot of
politics talking I'm gonna say hey we're
gonna be the place we're gonna play a
video game and talk about other bullshit
we're not gonna be the place you go to
for politics cuz we couldn't afford it
there's a lot you know and we will we'll
talk about it again but now today and so
if you say it in the chat if you tip us
wanting us to discuss politics it's not
gonna happen
and that's that's just that and that's
just that so politics oh god Aaron I
gotta I gotta say these these last few
days since Tuesday wait a minute we
weren't good therapist it's been great
what yes why has it been great Oh Oh God
just been the best thing because for the
last like three days I haven't heard
jack shit about the Cubs that just went
away and I I love that and there you go
that's literally all the extent of our
political talk I'd look so much bigger
than rich I'm slightly closer to the
camera and it's but it's fine
everything's gonna be fine so I have to
kind of like look back to talk to you
but that's fine I don't know it's no
because everything he brought hey
figgity Jones bought Quadrilateral
cowboy on our recommendation and loving
it so far right yeah that wasn't neat
experience for the first few levels yes
yeah but you know what
interesting the tools are there to make
a good game it really is it really is
yeah Rich's mic doesn't seem to be
working doesn't seem to be working
oh I wonder for the wrong mic son what
what
what yes talking I'm talking what what's
going on what's going on like this
windscreen I can't really and I think
you're supposed to tap on these things I
thought I thought that was a no no you
were just down a little bit but Dan's
bucket of shame we will talk about
politics we're trying we're trying to be
enter people are very hot-blooded about
the whole thing right now yeah and the
time for civil discussions I don't think
we're there yet right personally I'd
talk about it I don't give a rat's ass
but Jack Jack pointed out that a lot of
people might not be in the mood tonight
right and so we're just gonna respect
that and say hey you know what we're
we're good our job tonight is just to
entertain and we'll bring up politics
next room maybe or something I'm gonna
take this off this is annoying
the pop filter yeah all right well I got
this thing called space rogue we wait
where did you find this you saw it on
Steam like four minutes before we
started great space rogue we play the
tutorial which certainly my tank is now
overblown Jack son of a god damn bitch
I'm sorry how's that whatever house that
was rich now no we didn't scream
Wednesday not because of political stuff
but because we were busy Karen's mother
wasn't telling and I said I made a
little joke on Twitter yeah and people
did not understand the joke Bob's joke
my joke was we're not streaming tonight
Rich's uncle passed away and left the
deed to his mansion in his will but
first rich needs to fill out some paper
work I get it right I get it
not a people didn't get this not a great
way by the way I have an elderly uncle
and I find that highly upsetting great
then I'm glad I could offend you we it's
that's a standard joke like a deed to a
mansion given in a will is the setup to
a spend a spooky night it's like you had
to emphasize like old mansion Vanden
mansion emphasize mansion I said man he
left his mansion and hasn't been used
since the night of the murders and then
and then we and then I got a bunch of
condolences like serious condolences for
your uncle and I was like and so I had
to tweet again saying sorry which is
uncle really did not show I'm so I'm not
saying it was a great joke I'm just
saying it was a joke that's called a
backfire yeah oh yeah spectacularly
backfired so this game is is nothing
like FTL an ordinary reconnaissance
mission a piece of cake even for a
newbie they said but due to a hyperjump
calculation error your fragile ship
lines up in the middle of a dangerous
pirate sector ooh
seems you're going to have to learn how
to survive and deep space the hard way
boom can continue on Pirates of no don't
already noticed your appearance here you
better get a move on fly to the next
star system all right we'll do that
what are we driving like a space 1950
Cadillac right that looks like a hot rod
and I'm okay with that action that looks
like a space hot rod discovered the
remains of a trading vessel someone
clearly ran into some bad luck among the
wreckage the scanner detects an
untouched container it seems odd that
someone just left it here but it would
be foolish to not take advantage of this
opportunity take the container oh my god
we got some people human engineer level
one joined your crew
Jack's warrior level-5 joined your crew
sure and tutorial laser really I stream
tonight yeah is more of a make up
because we missed Wednesday and well
this certainly looks nothing like FTL it
it does look a little fancier than FTL
it looks like fancy FTL if that helps
you know FTL made in unity the
engineering you're saying you saved have
joined you and will and will no doubt
proved useful in the very near future
but let's equip your ship with a new
weapon first I don't think we can talk
about Doctor Strange have you seen
Doctor Strange no I haven't rich stand
yeah I'm sure it's fine there's there's
one semi spoiler if ik thing that I want
to gripe about with Doctor Strange but
I'll give it a little more time it's
only been out a week it'll give it a
little more time what we can talk
there's a lot of stuff to talk about the
name but let's figure out the game first
we can talk about all this coffee I'm
going Fargo that's what we're gonna talk
about loner art John says to rich I
mentioned that the Bears suck I
apologize I meant the Cubs but since the
Cubs and bears share the same animal I'm
sorry for the remark for what it's worth
I hate the Packers - okay you know what
I just put that I just put that together
bears Cubs you did I've never I've never
cared about sports so I've never really
thought too much about the Bears and
Cubs you know this is this is a common
theme what do you mean in sports towns
oh god now I'm drawing a complete blank
it's it's happened to elsewhere like the
Dolphins and the Mariners kind of like
the Detroit Lions Detroit Tigers both
large cats and one's the baseball one's
a football baseball one's a football ah
there are other examples some of them
you don't notice now because the teams
have moved lay sure I think there were
two different st. Louis Cardinals there
was a Cardinal football team at a
Cardinal baseball you know the carnal
baseball team hmm but I think I think
that football Cardinals used to play in
st. Louis oh okay it's it's a fairly
common
thing where the NFL came along and
baseball was popular at the time
and I felt teams you said similar teams
names theme shirt is brand awareness
okay you got the Eagles and the Flyers
sure the Atlanta Falcons and hawks the
Cleveland Indians in the Cleveland
Browns sort of bells vaguely racist
someone worse than the other yes New
York had yeah the Giants the baseball
Giants the Football Giants before the
baseball just moved right and the
Cleveland the the Indians the Cleveland
Indians and the Cleveland Jews I've
heard no there was a there was a Native
American team
I forgot what sport they play but there
was a Native American team yeah called
the fight and whities and their logo was
like a cartoon like 1950s man I love it
and I so want one of their hats or one
of their shirts yeah I said we'd love a
fight and why they support the fight and
whitey listen not all my jokes are gonna
be killers alright
not all of them I'm trying to close the
window yes close you finally let me do
it okay good note the jump button note
the jump button is active if your ships
engine is out of action or recharging
after a jump you can't execute a
hyperspace jump it's time to move on
switch to the sector map oh my god this
is just like FTL so far yeah this is
very awesome
I suppose the Brewers and the Packers
are very liked those are both kind of
like like salute blue-collar jobs though
you know like you know you pack stuff up
you brew you know like kind of that
might just be like an accidental theme
not done purposefully like bears and
Cubs yeah so wait did the Cubs come
first I'm pretty sure they didn't I
don't you know why would you
do that first but tiny bean I don't I
don't know I'm a tiny beer why would you
name your team after a tiny bear listen
listen guys we're gonna we're gonna have
a team name that that is awesome and
strikes fear in the heart of our enemies
what about a baby bear I'm trying to
remember my baseball history here and
what came first mmm
I think the Chicago Cubs actually were
originally called the White Sox what and
there was some kind of weird shenanigans
that went on with that name yeah no I I
could be wrong
oh wait it appears clerk is saying the
Cubs started as the White Sox knocking
what I don't know how the White Sox
ended up taking the name I don't
remember how that story worked sure Cubs
were firsts whoa I'm a baby beer that's
me I'm mr. baby bear you exit hyperspace
near a pirate vessel it's captain Hales
you I was just wondering when we'd run
into a stray lamb everyone's been
talking about and here you are whoa oh
my god oh wait wait what which one are
you oh I'm probably the big one you're
the big one okay the battle has only
just begun but your ships systems have
already taken serious damage don't worry
though your crew includes an engineer
who can quickly fix them select the
engineer left-click the engineer
right-click the damaged
Bay and here we'll move to repair it
okay all right awesome
shield is recharging now to battle you
can use the mini-map of the enemy ship
on the right screen to aim but for now
try switching the camera to the enemy
oh the enemy ship is protected by an
energy shield so attack the shield first
FTL this is almost insulting to FTL I
think yeah you know like I'm trying to
remember the name of that that one
that's like FTL boat with cars in the
desert convoy convoy like at least they
gave it a different location a different
setting like it was basically FTL combat
but like - no but its cars in the
deserts like fine that's fine that's
fair this is also spaceships in space
its FTL made in unity I'm sure this
isn't unity
look
did you die oh did he died I'm pretty
sure I killed him like I didn't mind the
constant references in convoy like you
know that I thought some of that was
cute it it's just nothing there was
nothing engaging about it you got 42
credits nice in regards to a lawsuit
this is highly actionable you think you
think that big a difference between
Mario and and Mega Man um mega man
shoots Mario's fireballs not all the
time no mario has scrolling levels and
the original Mega Man did not have
scrolling levels
well okay so Mario - Mario 3 did not
have scrolling levels did have scrolling
levels the firt of the first like what 5
Megaman games didn't have scrolling
levels like every every screen was
static and you'd have to jump through it
and then you'd go to the next static
screen you know what I mean that's your
basis for not having a lawsuit
I'm sure this is what I'm putting out
there can can could it software sue
valve for for half-life just for like
for making another first-person feature
more who did who did marathon that was
the that was the halo people isn't it
marathon good maybe soon yeah that's
blatant Marathon was blatantly ripping
off doom Bunji Bunji Bunji wha possibly
listen I don't know how any of this
works what I'm saying is not only is
this the same gameplay it's also ships
in space it's it's not my thin point
Jack's the one who's saying that there's
that well
but there's a case for a lawsuit between
this and FTL I don't know that it's true
pandemic you ever played pandemic it's
yeah I was a game came out playing
plague inc yeah blade like so blatant or
ripoff like this at least graphically
looks different like ink looks exactly
like pandemic yes you know speaking of
pandemic yeah we're gonna get off this
topic now
sorry if you had more to say about him
last week I played a pandemic board game
okay and it scene is based off of the
video game and it's what's called a
legacy board game which means that every
time you play it is it's like it's
basically like a roguelike board game
where after you're done playing it you
have to like tear up your character
cards and anything you've earned and
start a new game completely from scratch
even so much as like printing out new
character cards and new stickers okay
it's great it's crazy
hey welcome pain in the ass it wasn't
very good we didn't have a good time
playing it mostly because pandemic is a
is a one player game on the PC and they
tried to translate it into a multiplayer
game board game and it really did not
work I'm sorry yeah you know we tried
the the real problem was it it's a
multiplayer board game but it's
cooperative and so you're all hoping you
know you're all working towards the same
goal and so you're encouraged to
strategize with your other people in the
game and what the real problem is we
were playing with someone who was very
smart and very into strategy and always
thinks like eight steps ahead so what
would happen is that person basically
figured out what everybody had to do and
it's cooperative and so we would all
like talk to each other but the whole
game just turned into us moving our
pieces after this guy told us what to do
because he was smarter you know he was
the natural leader
so you
but it turned out to be not a fun
gameplay experience because he just
figured out what to do and then we just
did it
patents are what makes game mechanics
something another game can't steal
Bioware has the dialogue wheel patented
apparently and someone else has loading
screen games patented interesting so
Bioware owns the dialogue wheel a barren
lame interesting Jack Hoffa we use OBS
open broadcaster OBS which is a free is
free broadcasting software though if you
do use it and I encourage you donate we
donate to OBS every once in a while
because we like them but it's free it's
free broadcasting software and it works
great we've actually started using OBS
studio there's like kind of OBS legacy
which looks a little sloppier but I
thought it had more features and it
doesn't really so we use OBS studio and
it usually works fantastically that's
what we use to stream and then for stuff
like the up here you see like the tip
alerts and the subscribers subscriber
alert we use night dev if you if you
just go to night dev calm they'll have a
bunch of stuff to get a subscriber alert
same with a tip loader and we use stream
tip for the tips it's free you fucks
and for that's right leftover beef cakes
and for live streams outside we use a
baby stroller at least once we use the
baby stroller was right and it was a
horrible disaster but everyone had fun
watching I had fun
now that it's getting colder out we
might have to do another one we might
have to do a sled dog Pokemon go
adventure why maybe a Pokemon must go
with still a thing it's kind of dead
isn't it it's slowly dying it's it's
piddling the Rockets like is there ammo
for this thing I want to know like I
keep expecting it to be like expecting
it to be like FTL I don't know if it's
gonna be exactly like FTL or not are you
still in this tutorial yeah oh okay
woman we've been we've been hacking oh
yeah
live in stroller vision next what we
would do next time if we were to stream
outside again Pokemon going we figured
out a much better way to do it the only
problem is we would need someone here in
the studio we would Skype we would
screen Skype the Pokemon go phone and
and video Skype a different phone here
to the studio and then you know maybe
have someone like Jay or Karen or just
someone here click the click the stream
button and then we would stream and you
know like we would need set we need a
third person to click the stream button
is the only problem but it would be
possible and there's a much much better
way to stream something like Pokemon go
and get ND yes we would have lots and
lots of backup batteries you know the
little like plug-in batteries
yep I like the little fixing animation I
only have one of these guys in a room at
a time really unless is just a tort
tutorial thing it's not on me I don't
know IRA would we stream a pinball
machine possibly why that's a great one
that's a great question you know what
what if what if we got invited to go to
the pinball museum in Las Vegas why
would we be invited to go to the pinball
museum in Las Vegas what I'm saying is
the pinball museum busy gambling show up
at the pinball so the owners of the
pinball museum are big fans of the show
and want us to come and show off all of
the rad pinball machines and I'd pretend
to be interested the whole time for the
two hours that we stream yes you would
have to pretend to be involved in over a
lot about a pinball museum you get to
see how some pinball machines you know
like I'm not I'm not actually into
playing pinball but I like looking at
the machines all the little doodads and
flashy lights it oh look at all the
things yeah the thing is I like it I
like all the doodads on pinball's
basically what I'm trying to do is get
us a free trip to Las Vegas you're
welcome for trying to get us a
protective Las Vegas oh shit I didn't
install no mats find it everything's
fine
it's the tutorial you'll be fine
that could be a fun stream but I mean we
would need a pinball machine in order to
stream us playing pinball you know it's
nice about FTL the it's very clear
what's going on yeah simple graphic
style yeah yeah agreed
you get credits and XP
you guys should do a convention they you
know what they have they have a we have
the Midwest's classic game convention
here like in Milwaukee every year and
I've never gone I've never gone
all right hello halibut barn is saying
okay now that breakup animation is just
gratuitous oh that's a cool looking ship
do you want to play no not right now you
get you get a hang of it so then when I
play you can tell me what's going on
unless it's just that have you played ft
it so it's just up to you
oh so far it seems that way what is the
sign for weapons drones
it even has drone yeah oh yeah great
anonymous says Jack I just switched to
Windows 10 undoing all the bullshit
presets is going to take a while also
have you watched black mirror season 3
yet I really like the one episode that
dared to have hope I haven't I haven't
seen it yet I have not seen it yet oh I
don't have this unlocked requires number
5 requires I think you can alright we'll
see if we're gonna unlock another one I
haven't you know what I've been playing
a lot of recently is fuckin rocket
League I've been in a huge rocket league
kick I was a few weeks ago and it just
kind of ended yeah ya know and for some
like what happened is I watched a
documentary and if you want to fill your
eyeballs and brains with some goodness
for about 40 minutes there is a
documentary about the genesis of rocket
League and how it came to be in the
developers and where they started in
gaming and and their first game what was
it called again like super powered
awesome rocket cars from space or
whatever super power metal cars
something yes super it like mate and
Megas megasonic super powered battle cop
yes
anyway there's a lovely documentary on
the creation of rocket League and how it
got started and it's fucking it got me
so hyped to play
rocket League hold on does anyone know
what documentary I'm talking about cuz
I'm about to look it up but if you guys
know already older of a small planetary
settlement Hales you we have a problem
of check seein nature o or a neutral
planet but they sent a landing party
here we urgently need a negotiator send
your people in the negotiate tack the
checks and camp or no it's too dangerous
what negotiate attack or what Oh hold on
for a second before we get into this
it's a documentary by a youtube channel
called noclip go look it up everybody
who's in the rocket League which should
be everybody cuz rec league he's a great
game super great little like in an
interview with all the devs what's the
documentary called it's called the story
of rocket League okay so go to youtube
look up the story of the story of rocket
League by noclip noclip alright yep
okay so much like FTL you have a little
choice Chet unlike the other FTL ripoffs
you've all told us about this one
actually is an empty every time you guys
say something's an FTL rip off it's
nothing like FTL right remember remember
the resistor that is a Helicon six oh
wait this is just an RPG fair I didn't
play that much I saw what the comment
was like and I'm like this is a people
on either side taking turns whacking at
each other this is this looks too much
like jaribg combat I'm not taking a
chance but here there's there's like a
diplomacy option we're gonna attack the
camp ooh
they generously reward you for your
service
nice all right nice final space is what
what I'm saying yep
played that for that we did play that
for three minutes you're right you're
right you're right
I'll set I'll settle down that was me
and yeah you know what Windows 10 is
that is not that bad if you spend some
time futzing with it to get rid of like
all the bullshit pop-ups it's not as bad
as I had originally thought I'm getting
used to it now that I have a Windows 10
machine you run into a pirate ship it's
captain greets you the extra complaining
of boredom and asking if you'd like to
play a simple game with him yes sure
what I bet explains the rules I'll eject
three containers in space one has
surprise inside the others containing
they're nothing or a bomb choose one
first second or third throws them up in
the air you shoot the middle one the
second one hey we bring the container
aboard and carefully open it man weapon
inside you're welcome
Jack you're welcome congratulations says
the pirate and delighted falsetto tones
before disappearing into congratulations
is what he said right
small swarm pod small projectiles
launcher first shot hits the target bay
target bay other shots at random Bay's
oh all right that seems nice that's a
lot of numbers though like can you like
a look at all the numbers on that shit
and I don't know what I'm doing help I
don't know what I'm doing cargo like
look at it like that's just a lot of
snow damage damage to shields damage to
system damage to crew accuracy cooldown
Jets so does it use missiles - this is
that's a rocket and you only have and
that is that oh that's a cannon nice oh
you want that over a rocket do i how do
I know how many Rockets I have where's
there's four Rockets there's a tiny
little there's a very tiny number four
at the bottom there
the pop launcher is clearly a flacon I
agree too much new Quade shots and clip
for reload for it okay that's in the
clip do I have other clips I'll go back
to it hover over it again for real oh
maybe you don't have to collect missiles
maybe maybe you just have to reload and
it takes 40 seconds to read all right
maybe that could be a thing maybe you
don't need to collect Rockets like you
need to collect missiles so that does 8
damage per second and the swarm pod does
10 damage per second it's not clear to
me oh they're saying no ammo unlimited
unlimited so it's like a dumber FTL
maybe it's just what it's one less
resource to worry about but yeah maybe
look guys I don't really want this the
swarm pod it might I does more damage
than your laser it has a 10 second
cooldown well just hold on to it alright
alright I have no idea what the fuck is
going on Geno's have no this is not F TL
for tablets do you know what I feel for
tablets is motherfucking FTL I have FTL
on my iPad and it's great it's a great
travel game FTL is already on tablets
and it's great a ship from nearby planet
intercepts you we have declared
ourselves as an independent state you
have illegally crossed our borders stop
for inspection that's active Patrol
fuck you Patrol
starts paused so uh let's uh let's grab
them right in the pussy oh really the
true FTL is only an iPad it's not on
android tablets that sucks
that sucks I'm sorry if you are an
Android tablet user because it's fun
it's a fun it's a fun mobile game
Master Chief we are not talking any sort
of politics tonight let's see here oh
sorry TC Brady 133 says hey fuckos any
news on project Hornet and any news on
our alum videos that can be said how has
your week been no no further updates on
project Hornet we're moving but it's
gonna be a slow process but we're still
moving forward I know tomorrow we're
coming in to do something yep probably
shouldn't stay because you know but
tomorrow we're gonna be here shooting a
little something it's best you not say
anything yeah if I said something that
would be the worst
also not giving anything away but you
know when we started the stream our
microphones weren't working almost as if
they were set up for something else
before we started streaming which is
very which is very strange don't you
think well it was recording not going to
the computer
that's so weird and so we had to we have
to dig up our our microphone so weird
High Street see the blue blaze says will
you have a battle of the not FTL games
like you did with Mega Man also what is
your email address I want to make sure I
sent my request to send you guys soda
and tapes to the right guys our email is
prereq which is PR e re c at red letter
media comm if I don't answer you right
away the past like week or so I will go
days without getting any emails and then
all the sudden get five days worth of
emails in an instance so it's a little
finicky be patient with me but prereq at
red letter media dot corn and flies past
a sinister statue who is slowly orbiting
the nearby planet your scanner cannot
determine what material this incredible
artifact is made of a platform at the
foot of the statue hosts an altar
Cheyennes mysteriously drawing the eye
you also notice some suspicious reddish
spots around the altar how can I place
any titanium on the altar it's orbiting
I wasn't founded on the planet no slowly
orbiting I can't place anything on yeah
it'll just float away a platform in
space it's we assume it's a magic altar
rich
three three random members I I would do
something do I don't know if I have the
titanium you have you have 398 that's
credits you place the tritanium on the
altar nothing happens for a few seconds
then an absolute fortune rains down on
you credits spin in the vacuum of space
and fall at your feet
all right four credits
that's tritanium I don't I guess I use
that to upgrade the ship
oh you don't use credits to upgrade this
no okay this is an FTL Jack what would
make you think this was FTL I know I I
don't I don't know rich I'm sorry you
see a ship with no identifying markers
it quickly closes the distance between
you and opens fire retaliate the enemy
launched the anti shield drone well shit
yeah good call seventh row room I don't
know what their icons are ah yeah it
says drone control doctor killed the cat
absolutely the doctor kills the cat says
I just watched Kubo and the two strings
a bit predictable but great animation
and neat string bass music fuck yeah
I mean you will know what is going to
happen in the story just the minute you
start watching it but it's it's still a
fun movie I recommend combo I don't
understand how the shield's work in this
game what do you mean what gets through
the shield's how do they recharge
FTL's visual styles you understand just
by looking at the icons how everything
works I agree it's a lot more simpler I
believe if you see the blue bar yeah I
believe that's your shield bar that
recharging slowly does it does it does
return everything gets through that I
don't understand I don't understand I
I also do not know like is that burning
my room is the system gonna break
eventually very possible it's quite
possible unit 603 idiot says confirmed
rich and Jack hate us and some of you
I'm sure some I know so little of you
why do we hate them so Jack I understand
he psychics men apocalypse you shouldn't
have done that
o my gorram I'm gonna try to save that
for later
I saw x-men apocalypse it was on it was
on my list of movies to see eventually
as I'm a big x-men fan even though I did
not like Days of Future past yes yeah
I'll see it eventually and it finally
came to video-on-demand and I watched it
with the wife the other day and holy
Lord is it a hot pile of garbage
well beyond the pile of garbage I was
expecting but we're gonna ease into it
he's into it I can go into x-men
apocalypse and why it specifically sucks
a little bit later
oxygen 93 how do I get more oxygen or is
there an oxygen rule what does how does
the oxygen work in this it's a great
question is there an oxygen room you
have weapons piloting is that that's
drone shields health what's that one
teleport drones captain computer or
Brett it'd be it'd be great if you could
read what it said and not have your icon
there look at that yeah look at that
your icon gets in the way of what it
says
so that's your pawns that's your palms
right there that's my pawns that's my
computer that's your computer that's
apparent I don't have any no I that's
your good sure I know your EIN great and
you're my word oh port I didn't know you
had a port in this anymore that's great
you need to oxygenate your whole space
rich how do i oxygen what are these guys
doing what are they doing are they
helping do you need to like set them to
help they're repairing okay they fixed
they fixed it alright so I guess that
does oxygen too as well as heals because
this is simplistic FTL I don't know it's
simplistic FTL yeah yeah there's no
oxygen room though wait is your oxygen
rising maybe yes your oxygen is rising
now great space Jack 2084 says olivia
munn is a talent vacuum who depends on
apologists who want to fuck her
Olivia Munn what happened oh we're in
some kind of radiation
zone olivia munn as psylocke which you
know that's something FTL makes very
obvious what's going like big warning
warning sign you see a picture of the
Sun Oh a flash happens and then stuff
catches on fire is actually making me
appreciate FTL more oh how nice nothing
this is terrible and I just it's very
smart the FTL design there's stuff you
don't even notice at the time hmm like
it's visually I understand what's going
on it just look at that game and I get
it yeah it's very natural yeah so once
that's fixed you better get out of Dodge
just get now now yeah so yeah olivia
munn is terrible she's a terrible
actress her as psylocke in general the
the here's the the one thing about x-men
apocalypse the I want you to visualize
something sure you thought you sound
like do you remember the previews that
I'll do remember how much I gave a shit
about the x-men to 0% great here here's
the visual that I want everyone to know
that completely sums up what's wrong
with the movie there is a scene in which
Olivia Munn in her purple skimpy
psylocke leotard is fucking hanging out
in Auschwitz boobies crotch hanging out
fucking apocalypse is there looking like
a Mighty Morphin Power Rangers villain
and they're just standing around in
Auschwitz right the the the tonal the
the tonal inconsistencies of x-men
apocalypse is fucked it was it was a
laughable moment they teleport you know
cuz if you remember the first x-men
movie magneto magneto you know was in
Auschwitz as a young boy and his parents
taken away from him that's when his
mutant powers awoken and so like it was
supposed to be reminiscent of that
powerful scene from the first x-men
movie but this time it had a giant
purple man in Olivia Munn in a purple
unitard
it was horrible ooh this is you know
what this is a little bit different look
at this oh I'm fighting a monster oh
that's fun oh you can't you can attack
it's it's little it's little yeah great
I like superheroes with goofy costumes
too I wish I could read over the cursor
did they did that did that never occur
to them it's the dumbest fucking thing
look at that the dumbest fucking thing
you guys might not be able to tell
because it's a little bit smaller on
your screen the cursor covers the word
so that alien looks like oh well we
can't even read you know what I'm
targeting what is that the cursor that's
a V can you change your cursor go into
is there like an options menu nope well
I can't hit it like escape options
goto controls nope no okay great all
right fuck it I'll just shoot whatever
you feel like shooting I guess it's so
wait oh we got something brain oh well
now and now your cursor is a little
different type of cursor oh sure that's
a claw you can shoot a brain or a claw
no you take you destroy the brain let's
say you kill monsters you destroy the
brain sure so like I am perfectly okay
with goofy superhero costumes in fact I
liked all of their costumes like they
were all colorful they were interesting
they were there it was very comic book
II but then they tried to like be a
serious movie with serious themes and
incorporate that with the goofy costumes
and that's where it didn't work like if
it was it was just kind of like a
lighter like I'm like I'm like a Marvel
movie and you know like it didn't have
these like themes of you know deaths and
the families and you know fucking
concentration camps then a lot more
could be forgiven but they tried to go
deep they tried to go deep
48 minutes great Oh what does that mean
I mean something's beeping what do you
think it means oh I lost somebody they
died oh we got shot there assume Oh too
much oh oh but your shields are at full
but it's getting through yeah
understanding this whole shield
situation would sure be helpful I guess
that shield piercing weapons and it's
like this it's like dumber FTL because
like where do I I don't take power from
the shield's they're just up right but
they're up so how are things getting
through but your little blue bar on your
shield thing isn't up so does that mean
I know you don't I know you know oh no
and I like I understand that x-men have
always dealt a little more with with
like social commentary and whatnot but
you know some of the more melodramatic
some of the more serious stuff in comic
book form can be dismissed just because
of the format
this sounds like pornography music do
you guys hear this hey I saw you staring
at me from across the way why don't you
come back to my place tonight oh yeah oh
I don't have the option to reject his
offer oh wow that's nice
no I ate doughnuts that seen in the
woods with magneto was not good and I've
heard that before so in the movie
magneto in x-men apocalypse magneto you
know if you remember Days of Future past
which no one does because Days of Future
past sucked too magneto almost killed
the president or something and was
stopped by mystique sure sure so magneto
is now in Poland living a normal life
under an assumed identity he has a wife
and a child and the first scene with his
wife and child they are so happy and
they are so in love and he's singing
songs to his to his child before she
goes to bed and can you imagine what
happens can you even think about what's
gonna happen in this situation before
you know anything else about the movie
magneto the villain is happy with a wife
and child what could possibly happen
I'm sorry jacket what I'm sorry the
movie raped you what I'm so so spoiler
alert for x-men apocalypse his wife and
child get killed accidentally by police
officers who were there to arrest
magneto in a scene that everybody saw
coming from a mile away the song that he
might have well has been said has been
singing to his daughter my it might as
well have been like oh I sure like that
you're alive you're alive and that's
real great if you die I'll do bad things
oh I sure like that you're alive good do
too dude dude god damn it that sucks so
much and ends and so the cops know it's
magneto
and so they don't bring any metal they
bring like a toy looking bow and arrow
it honestly looks like a bow and arrow
and one arrow goes through both the
daughter and the mother simultaneously
and it looks goofy and you know it's
coming already
so you can't take it seriously I'm very
sorry it's just it's just I am very very
sorry I wouldn't get so worked up about
it but people keep defending him
the fact that it's predictable doesn't
make it a bad plot point it doesn't make
it a bad plot point it doesn't make it a
good scene because you know what's
coming it's it's supposed to be the big
oh you can level up you're human
giving 21 more health to more damage or
plus 1.2 repairs you can level up your
cork MA
exactly like their sister like both the
mother and daughter are pierced with the
same arrow and then magneto holds them
and starts screaming and it's just it's
just it's just so fucked up and then
like they cut from that too like the
Cyclops Jean Grae teenagers in the
mansion and they want to go to the mall
and it's just what God I'm I'm very I
know you very sorry I know you don't
care I do this is what I got I got a
bunch of hate for x-men apocalypse
there's this whole there's this whole
the Nightcrawler comes to the mansion
and teenaged Nightcrawler Jubilee Jean
Grey and Scott Summers want to go to the
mall because they've been cooped up in
this mansion you know like learning how
to be mutants and shit and so they're
like hey let's go to the mall now if you
know anything about x-men usually when
like they go out into the public is is
when we start getting that whole like
people afraid of mutants and they're
going out with Nightcrawler
who looks like a big blue goblin right
and they're gonna go to the mall and so
like they go to the mall and they see a
movie and come back and nothing happens
interesting I'm very sorry and and I
don't care if you're very sorry this is
I know you don't care I'm explaining it
to them I'm explaining it to them but
Minh
that scene in particular so they go to
the mall they go to the mall and come
back and it's nothing of consequence ads
it like it's a series of scenes that
don't need to be in the movie there are
so there are so many scenes in the movie
that go nowhere and mean nothing there
there's a scene later on where some some
mutants get kidnapped by William Stryker
but I thought I upgraded this to have
another weapon slot where's my other
weapon slot you fucking game
oh wait you have something in there
right now what'swhat's that third one
cartridge this game does not make
anything obvious with the interface I'll
tell you that increase the damage dealt
by all weapon types by 3 percent look
why did it say upgrade slots before you
upgraded that slot weapon system
determines the number of free slots for
weapons and provides them with energy so
I figured upgrading that would give me
another slot but no doesn't didn't oh
you fucker
Sona guys I think spent up on eclipse
there's this there's the scene where
some mutants get kidnapped by a young
William Stryker and gene uses her
psychic power to make her Scott and
Nightcrawler invisible nice double flack
I guess I don't know and they sneak on
to a helicopter that that's with all the
kidnap mutants and they're gonna try to
free them and the helicopter closes up
and gene starts to try to use her powers
but apparently this helicopter has a
special device that actually nulls out
all mutant power Nightcrawler can't
teleport Scott can't use his eyes gene
can't use her her mind-control ability
because it it's like a prison thing in
the helicopter and so she was using her
psychic ability to make them invisible
so you would think that would be like a
really big deal for them now they're
trapped in there and as soon as the
doors open people are gonna see them
right so how do they get off the
helicopter we don't actually know they
didn't show that they're just off the
helicopter a couple minutes later and
everything's fine we got everything's
fine now we got off somehow yeah it's
just another scene that doesn't make any
sense yeah
and then later so they're in the
compound now and they're still looking
for a way to free the mutants that were
kidnapped and Scott through a door
seized a generator or controls for a
generator and it goes hey that's the
generator if we destroy those we'll be
able to save our friends Scott plays a
high school kid in this by the way how
the fuck you know it's a generator and
how do you know that destroying it will
save your friends how the fuck do you
know anything so they go into the room
to destroy the generator and they
accidentally find motherfucking
Wolverine and so they let Wolverine out
and he creates a distraction and then
they file a Wolverine completely
forgetting about the generator that they
went in there to get in the first place
what is this
digging for treasure which I was
terrible I guess
jack takes this x-men thing very
seriously I only do like as I like I
said I only do because some people have
been defending it and there's so much
wrong with it shed I'm not upset a jack
for having compliance about the movie
I'm really not no no no I and it's just
all over my head well that's that's the
real hard part is we can't have a back
and yeah yeah so I know I'm just kind of
going on and we can you know do back and
forth which is what Rick's probably
wants to do but it's fine
but in any case so they free Wolverine
he kills a bunch of people and they
follow Wolverine to their friends and
then Wolverine says bye and leaves and
is in the movie for two seconds there's
a and well it's just like in general
there's all these like action sequences
and Bryan Singer doesn't know how to
direct action that well he doesn't know
how to direct action that's not
Wolverine walking down a hallway and
slashing people's throats every other
big action piece involves someone
floating in the air and going like this
and then a bunch of CG shit happens
around them and it's just a person on
wires going like this
whether that's Professor Xavier going
like this or magneto going like this or
storm going like this or or apocalypse
going like this to protect himself from
all the other people who are going like
this
that's all that's every action scene in
the movie is someone on wires going like
this and it gets old fucking fast space
tuning
yeah I'm still talking about x-men you
know what I'm still talking about x-men
because that's what I got to talk about
and it's been out long enough where
we're past spoiler spoiler moratorium or
whatever wait how did they go they go
like this that's every action scene is
someone floating in the air and going
like this it's terrible it's terrible I
didn't have like I know Jan Mike had
some wife swarms or nice apparently shit
you beat that one fast like Jan Mike I
watched a half in the bag after I saw
the movie and Jan Mike had a problem
with apocalypses motivations but to me
they seemed they seemed fine you know he
wants to rule the world but apocalypse
has the power to convert matter into
anything he wants to and so there's this
big scene where he takes an entire
Egyptian village you know like a city
skyscrapers and cars and shit and JIT
manga but he goes like this and he turns
it all into a giant pyramid he just
converts an entire city into a giant
pyramid he is a powerful fucking dude
yeah and he wants to take over the world
but he doesn't he just sits that he just
does that one town he could go anywhere
and literally just do that but it isn't
he just waits for the waits for the guys
to come he doesn't do anything a village
was it has buildings not skyscrapers
sorry skyscrapers was an exaggeration it
has buildings that are over five six
storeys
maybe he's got to recharge his batteries
maybe they didn't they didn't set that
up him in the four horsemen for the next
eight scenes just stand on those rocks
and the horsemen don't say anything or
do anything they just they just stand
there
thank you stand there and wait it's time
for me to do anything yet nope I guess
I'll just stand on this rock and wait
for four fucking hours that's cool come
back to the scene and it's supposed to
be like later that day they're still
standing on the same fucking rocks doing
the same fucking thing
I don't need ship repairs you can you
can go fuck yourselves you don't need
ship repairs no I like there's more to
prepare my ship for money oh fuck too
little damage yeah yeah yeah so what
does this game do anything does this
game do anything better than f2 you know
just just think simpler okay and I'm
gonna agree with Rich's earlier thought
which is the the better graphics make it
more confusing at least for me to look
at I forgot they're flashier it's just
not as well designed
I cannot immediately tell what's
happening by looking at it whereas with
FTL I could immediately figure it out
I've kind of enjoying Jack's diatribe
yeah you know it's there's there's a lot
like there's just an end it's fresh in
my mind I just saw it I can't believe I
know like Mike and Jay kinda gave it a
pass because like it was one of them
like so slaw key that it was all right
button for me because they kept trying
to shove in social commentary in like
real-world issues it just it just was a
joke it was just a joke else also as a
nerd one of the opening fight scenes is
Nightcrawler fighting angel and for
anyone who doesn't know who angel is
he's a guy with angel wings whoa okay
that's not good
did you die oh I thought I'd teleport of
my guys
looks like they're still here no did
they teleport back automatic nope
they're dead
nope no they're not okay
no great maybe they teleport back
autogenic there's a guy in my ship oh
well I'll get to the cat half a kilowatt
Syd he's just a guy who can fly
he has big old wings and he's fighting
Nightcrawler who has enhanced speed
flexibility and teleportation this is a
no fucking brain fight who's fighting
who
angel is fighting Nightcrawler okay a
guy with wings versus a guy who's strong
agile and can teleport okay Nightcrawler
wins can he like teleport like shrimp
near could he could he like teleport on
top of angel as he's flying
absolutely this fly is a pretty big
advantage they were in a cage Oh God
there it was a cage fight oh that's yeah
that completely loses nullifies your
flight but apparently he's able to punch
with his wings in this movie and so
that's how he was kicking nightcrawlers
ass that's how he was kicking
nightcrawlers ass and Bryan Singer and
and once again Bryan Singer and action
sequences it's a it's a mutant fight
between a guy with wings and
Nightcrawler it should be a little
exciting but angels just kind of
floating in the air on his wires and it
goes like this
and it's boring as shit and it's boring
as shit
why can't Nightcrawler teleport out of
the cage that's a great question that's
a great question who knows who knows
because the movie because the movie said
so yeah nightcrawlers thing is line of
sight or any place he knows like
Nightcrawler can teleport a fairly large
distance but if he teleports into a wall
he gets displaced not the wall so that
would kill him mm-hmm
and so usually like you know at least in
the comics if he were teleporting say
into a building he usually has to
memorize the schematic first you know
like okay I know where all the walls are
and they do like a sweep to see if
there's any people in there because
obviously if he teleports into a person
he still dies he gets displaced so it's
not just he has to have been there
before he has to kind of know that
there's nothing there to displace him
can I just jump around here forever this
is like FTL for babies it doesn't well
the clock it doesn't cost you any fuel
did you do I don't even see a thing that
says fuel like this what's that can you
click on it jump first then we'll look
at that that's anymore and credits and
credits does jumping take titanium or
slots let's see it's at six now yeah and
it's at six so no no so you can just
jump it's just like FTL easy mode like
no no this is f this is FTL baby mode
like easy mode means you just get
slightly more fuel like huh interesting
oh yeah I wasn't I wasn't meaning like
easy on it easy on FTL is harder than
this so far
easy FTL is harder than missed yes jack
the movie was written by the guy
responsible for fan for tastic oh wow
that there we go and then that makes
sense so that you know there's there's a
lot to unpack here and and so in in
x-men first class were hanging out with
with havoc havoc as in x-men first class
and he's in the comics he Scott's
younger brother but he or he Scott's
older brother
what's his name who cares what his name
is
put Clark Clark summers shows up again
you know it gets his brother into the
school passes off the the torch and the
school gets attacked or apocalypse comes
to the school and detonates a bomb and
havoc was too close to the bomb and so
apocalypse steals Professor Xavier and
havoc dies havoc blows up he was too
close to the blast in what should be
like a real dramatic scene it should be
the the the end of act 2 low point for
all of our heroes but when the school
starts to blow up and we realize the
professor's been kidnapped and havoc is
dead the rythmics
sweet dreams starts playing and we get a
swear to God slapstick comedy scene with
Quicksilver who runs around the mansion
and saves everybody to the beat of the
Eurythmics sweet dreams in a way there
are it's straight-up slapstick comedy
right after a character we know gets
kidnapped and another character we know
dies very sorry and Quicksilver is there
for no particular reason he just shows
up at he happens to show up at that
point
oh is that what happens havoc shoots at
apocalypse and hits the nuclear
generator in the basement blowing up the
school okay oh I know I saw that from
the CW mega crossover that's gonna be so
much fun
what from the CW what I'll talk about
anything I'm so confused
no the Quicksilver scene was amazing and
if you can cut out all of the super
serious sad bullshit there is a
salvageable movie in x-men apocalypse
somewhere the costumes are super fun
I love how storm looks it's it's 90s
punk rock storm with the white mohawk
and the big cape she looks fucking
awesome yeah I like that I like some of
the bold style choices that he took with
the characters unfortunately they're in
this movie that every once in a while
tries to be serious the Quicksilver
scenes are fun and they look cool but
they're out of place in this dull dull
movie what we were what I was talking
about a little bit ago everyone knows
that I watch The CW superhero shows
Supergirl arrow and flash and arrow and
flash are in the same universe is called
the arrow verse because era was the
first show okay and they hang out every
once in a while they they team up every
once in a while and that's a normal
thing they live just a couple cities
apart when Supergirl was still on CBS
the flash from CW came to visit her in
just a one-off episode he was he can run
so fast he can run through dimensions
and ended up in the Super Girl dimension
and hung out with her for one episode
and that was it she didn't come to the
CW at all yeah so then when
supergirl moved from CBS to the CW
everyone assumed that she would be part
of the arrow verse but so far she is not
except Entertainment Weekly just had
pictures there is a giant there is a
massive crossover event with Supergirl
arrow flash and the legends of tomorrow
in which a story arc will unfold through
in four episodes one in each show
new Supergirl is great and this season
if you you can just start this season
this season has been great so far really
fun they're getting the tone right
they're getting the bad guys they're
getting the the they're getting it right
this season legends of tomorrow is kind
of a there's a show I don't much care
for I've heard it gets a little bit
better but I can't put up with it it's
cast off superheroes it's like c-list
superheroes that get recruited by a time
master to flow to fight bad guys through
time which is kind of as bad as it
sounds and so you have the white canary
fusion man what's a radiation man I
don't know what his name is Captain Cold
Hawkgirl I don't even remember who's
online
Rory the time law or master exactly so
yeah it's a bunch of shit characters and
they do shit stuff and I didn't much
care for it but it's a show that's still
on the CW and part of the arrowverse
like Captain Cold was a flash villain
and he brought his brother along who has
a heat gun and Lana Lance the white
canary was in the Aero universe things
you keep saying I'm saying all these
things rich I presume you're saying
something oh that's right the atom - the
atom not to be confused with Ant Man a
guy who has a super suit that gives him
the power to shrink down to the size of
an atom not to be confused with Ant Man
the atom coincidentally the atom is
played by the guy who was Bryan Singer
Superman what's his name do you remember
do you remember
what is his name he's Iron Man Plus
ant-man yeah but in any case name's Dave
ships run away from me oh my god you're
right sorry I've Brandon Rawe thank you
I've been forgetting to read the tips
you all right ah let's see here
anonymous says so you said no but if you
tried on release you may add viewers if
you gave final fantasy ago rich think he
no he no like it but he don't know
diddly also rich FF tactics is
positioning and challenging what the
what I don't know I think it's about
final fantasy they still trying to force
me to like fight is still trying to
force my will yeah
Jagga rich will you be streaming near
the Thanksgiving holidays if so what are
you planning such as streaming Jack
frying a turkey rich talk about things
he is right about or other topics ok so
this is what do we have an Asian stream
there's like no one no one who's
watching could speak English there's a
lot of broken English will probably
stream near Thanksgiving
I'm actually not deep frying a turkey
this year we're talking about going out
to eat on Thanksgiving because for week
five now our refrigerator is still
broken so we're living out of a very
tiny mini fridge so we can't store any
ingredients for Thanksgiving and so
we're talking about chucking tradition
and like going out to eat for
Thanksgiving dinner if there's any place
that's open but probably the Wednesday
before we might unless you go somewhere
out I don't know I don't know play I
don't have any concrete plans playing it
by ear
in my head playing it by ear yeah I
don't know yet okay
yeah yeah we're gonna play by ear ah
let's see here unit 603 it says Jake I
don't think you actually hate us this is
just a bad FTL ripoff here have enough
money for Zack McCracken and the alien
Mindbenders it's on sale on GOG lol
gobble my turkey Thank You unit 603 Jack
oh we've got a Harambee situation here
what you receive a distress signal for
space Zoo that keeps exotic animals
they're on board life system has failed
life-support system time is running out
evacuate the personnel or save the
animals I mean you have to evacuate the
personnel it is it is rom-based destiny
to die yes that is the correct color is
it there's gotta be something maybe
saving the animals I'm assuming if you
save the animals you can like sell them
or they will reward you have gotten
people on my ship
oh well then save the animals cuz then
you could probably it money yeah
generous reward it has 61 credits said
something that's fine that's fine it's
something it's here's something there's
better than nothing to cheer with
something
jack says Len fly Kaczynski you're wrong
when you say that time travel powers in
oh and I forget it
Days of Future past means there's no
consequences Logan goes insane during
the past and stabs Kitty he then has to
fix the past before she bleeds to death
so one of the one of the opening scenes
of Days of Future past s-- it were in
the in the future future in the x-men
universe and our heroes get attacked and
some of them die and then right after a
bunch of them die Kitty
reveals that it this has all been a time
loop and actually all of those heroes
are alive oh my god and so a Power has
been established that if anyone dies
they can just kind of go back in time
and fix it meaning that there are less
consequences than if just people died
and people died as far as the Logan
stabbing Kitty thing goes my actual
problem with that is about the time
Logan is in the past for a long stretch
of time and it seems like for every day
Logan is in the past it's only an hour
in the funeral I am auto-off stop I
might stop this there's a little Auto
button next to me it was off
but in any case yeah that's what it
means it means there are less
consequences in the universe because we
know time travel is a thing that exists
all right they don't make it at all
clear what's on or off the the
user-interface blows chunks yeah it's a
little cluttered it's a little messy
wait are you on a new run no I'm
attacking their ship oh that's their
ship sorry I was like why is there a
blue ship now
Jack combats my point by bringing up a
different bullet no I just disagree with
you I just they set up that time-travel
brings people back from the dead that
means there's less consequences so Logan
stabs Kitty they don't they also don't
do a good job of establishing how much
time he's in the past so we don't know
how much time passes so the stabbing of
Kitty should be a ticking clock which
should give us some some tension but
because their time is so different be in
the past and in the future the ticking
clock is obscure so there's no tension
hey Jack and rich says Bill like a like
I've been in a coma since your last
Sunday stream I'm sorry a coma oh I get
what is and just woke up this to this
Wednesday stream it is Wednesday right I
feel so refreshed anything new I should
know about do you see the the new luc
besson trailer no new luc besson movie
oh god what's it called what's the new
luc besson movie looks neat sci-fi hmm
what's the coffin fuck I suppose well
I'm asking the chat sorry I should have
been more specific
valerian his new movie valerian looks
neat so yeah that you missed the trailer
for valerian which looks very neat
valerian and the city of 1000 planets
that's that's a name looks epic and
sci-fi and stylish and slick
yes rich knows that Leonard Cohen has
passed away yeah sad well on his 82 it's
not unexpected he's 82 and has one
bazillion albums and had a career of 60
years I apparently and I know rich has
brought up Leonard Cohen I had thought I
had heard Leonard Cohen before but I
heard a song on the radio today and you
know they they were mentioning know you
know let him go and pass you know here's
a Leonard Cohen song and it's called
first we take Manhattan
and I started listening to it and I
thought it was a joke or a cover but it
was actually actually Leonard Cohen in
my head Leonard Cohen was more like Tom
Waits where he was like a little more
ambience and yeah and that's how I
always pictured Leonard Cohen so I must
have gotten my wires crossed with him
and Tom Waits and so here I hear like
cheesy synth music and this like deep
voice like singing about serious stuff
and in in take we take Manhattan there's
like doo-wop girl background singers and
it's all over the place Silas Scalia I
like it but it's kind of a mess go to
YouTube yeah look up Leonard Cohen's the
future that was on the soundtrack for
Natural Born Killers that's a great song
mmm look up Leonard Cohen's everybody
knows I'm quite fond of mmm
darkness darkness darkness hallelujah
hallelujah
every whatever I can't pronounce things
oh yeah I think I've heard that song our
goal was great maybe that's where I got
the time waits for him cuz that song is
a little more it's a little smaller yeah
yeah
broken are they yeah yeah that's a good
song but if you listen to first we take
Manhattan it is as someone who
apparently like that's one of the few
Leonard Cohen songs you've heard it it's
goofy it makes sense but it's goofy
button Oh rich know about what general I
just came here they came to the stream
to say oh rich know your monsters your
absolute monsters first we take
Manhattan and then we take Berlin no
I'll tell you what I'm that that wet my
palate for a little Leonard Cohen I'm
now fascinated because it's so silly
this is flat-out ripoff you encountered
creatures who look like giant cats
walking on their hind legs they are
clearly intelligent and no suit no
change try to communicate with them or
catch her a few of them alive that's
that's exactly one of the FTL encounters
my eyebrow is raised heavily wow so how
about that lawsuit is it getting a
little closer a little hard you have to
go in a game that they sued that's the
question we we have the same mechanics
we have the exact same setting and now
we're getting st. the same dialogue how
far do you have to go
lawsuit intensifies I like them I mean
the unit user interface isn't the same
it's just much worse and so perhaps
perhaps their incompetence will save
them from a lawsuit
well this unit is user interface is
completely different I can't do a thing
in this game I don't think you can
copyright gameplay probably ma'am
probably none Scuba Steve 1795 what
about air when he teleports he's not
displacing nothing he's displacing the
air that was there before so that
doesn't make sense oh sorry um oh that
always gets ignored well in science
fiction and whatever it's it always gets
ignored air one always gets an or in
science fiction and I believe the Canon
explanation for Nightcrawler is he can
displace things that he is more dense
than so because a body is denser than
air he can displace that I wonder about
water I wonder if there's ever been any
like talk about him like teleporting
into water part I don't know probably
fart but I believe the Canon explanation
is as long as he is denser than the
object but something like a wall or a
rock or another person he would then be
displaced that's what I believe but also
it's it's a comic book so the rules they
can be rewritten
boarding seems really hard on this is
this them boarding you are you boarding
them me boarding them it's very hard to
pull off okay do you get a greater
reward every night I haven't never been
able to pull it off oh so I don't know
she
every time Nightcrawler teleports there
is an explosion there's a little BAM
there's a little BAM of him displacing
the air around him actually and it's not
it's not really an explosion that is a
bit of the underworld coming into our
universe because Nightcrawler is
actually the son of as a zeal a demon
who so he's not a mutant he is a mutant
as a zeal as a mutant demon as well it's
it's one of those like demon it's one of
those it's one of those comic book
things he's he's a he's a demon you know
like like Apocalypse is the God he's the
first mutant I don't understand you
people he's a demon but he was a mutant
first he's an old mutant through a hell
dimension yes
that's why he'll dimension it oh if we
underworld and so that's whenever he
teleports there is a strong smell of
sulfur
I have not stood up I'm gonna stand up
everybody let's stand up let's stand up
as soon as I can tell the shield isn't
doing anything so I want to crease the
engine by five or the shield by 15 I
mean if the shields not doing it
here's my beef if Nightcrawler has
inherited his abilities he's not a
mutant he is a mutant oh I can't choose
that being it's not letting me know
hello I do I have to do this first have
you done anything yet
then go now you can accept it choose a
specialization Oh being a mutant only
means you have the mutant you know you
have the gene in you and so even if he
inherited that gene he's still a mutant
spoiler alert I didn't stand up I did
there so there's no subtleness to his
image in the slightest he is just
straight-up demon spawn right at first
he wasn't demon spawn you know at first
he was it was just you know a
weird-looking mutant
he was the he was the ugly mutant the
mutant who could not hide his form and
but then is demon and I don't know if
it's still canon that mystique is his
mom or if that was just a cartoon thing
that mystique is his mom and as a seal
is his dad I don't know it's it's been a
while
mutants only stop being mutants when
their population eclipses the non mutant
population exactly well they stopped
becoming mutants once Fox owns the movie
rights and Marvel can't get them back
then they stopped being then they turn
into Inhumans which you're right there
you're right there with the Zing's
qualities things rich fact of our modern
life then we get things then we get much
lamer mutants gaudy Inhumans just no fun
no fun except from this model she's fun
Azul I don't know how to pronounce his
name you know what I just don't yonder
yonder says sorry haven't tipped you
guys in a while I've been in and out of
the hospital for the past two months
oh sorry under yonder Crone's is a bitch
like that oh god I know people with
Crohn's I'm so sorry I've heard of it so
so sorry that is that that is a bear
anyways there you go damn that feels
good nostalgia well thank you yonder
yonder we do appreciate him couple the
goat says hey Jack if you enjoy the CW
show be sure to check out DC Universe
Online for the ps4 it's free you Fox for
some reason I still don't expect it
watch the DC Universe Online plug I
never expected
really really no it was a lie eventually
that's a lot
I think the joke is going to die I
really do I think the joke is going to
die it's got a little long horrible life
hmm hey rich yeah says evil Lord David
David here
hello David just wanted you to know your
names just wanted you to know your name
says a lot about who you are because
you're rich in both talent and good
friends thank you that was a shockingly
Pleasant comment I just don't know I'm
used to rich you're wrong you fat fuck
rich why don't you like JRPGs you're
wrong for not liking JRPGs let me turn
based combat is the best thing ever let
me tell you about this one JRPG that you
are for sure gonna love oh thank you
thank you you're David anonymous is rich
but what rich you black a hole we're
brown really nice one final fan is the
one final fantasy game you literally
this is the next comment the one final
fantasy game you might like is Final
Fantasy Tactics it sounds like it plays
like Banner Saga I wish we didn't really
care for that much it was certainly more
interesting combat to me than your
standard yeah JRPG but i wasn't in love
with it so let's break it down put your
money where your mouth is how much for a
one-time stream of Final Fantasy Tactics
one thousand one thousand it's a game
you might light a lot of Final Fantasy
you might
they love Final Fantasy 1000 I think
that's on where's my pride how to bring
it down that's my price in the grand
scheme of things yeah that's really low
Oh for a 1 for a 1 episode playing 3 ok
bring usually when people sell out it's
for a lot of money I'm willing to sell
out for a thousand bucks you're gonna
play a tactics game which you might
enjoy 1,000 bucks
Wow I can't I tried to I tried haggling
with them anonymous I can't like there's
no 98 998 final offer ok I got him down
2 bucks I'm down 2 bucks
998 and two-streams whoa to hole to hole
streams for our streams so 8 hours
guaranteed for 998 you're being
countered at 750 no nine ninety eight
nine nine
how much for Jack to stream it while
rich watches oh my god he would that
would be agony for rich no that'd be
fine
ever look we've had a lot of dreams
where you play and I'm just chatting
with the chap that's been I'm not paying
any attention at all the garbage going
on on the screen I suppose I'd be fine
no it's gotta be playing or it's just
worthless this scam if I weren't playing
okay well there you go
there you go anyone wants to pony up 998
US dollars rich has promised to full for
our streams of final fantasy tech
you guys already got a steal with the
clown straight I wasn't that was I
didn't think was a steal I didn't think
they would bite at that it was me
fucking dressed as a clown as silent
clown that was that was weird you know
this is this is real no but wait there's
more no that's it it'll just be a stream
I'll see if I can get Jay here you know
cuz Richie will actually have to play
the game and be engrossed in himself
alright let's see here VX
at 3:5 says Jack have you played more
owl boy since that last solo stream I've
been watching another twitch channel
play through the game and it's just as
adorable and visually beautiful I
actually have not I've been in a real
big rocket league mood lately and I've
been playing overwatch I loved what I
played a vowel boy see I want to take
the ship alive they've got cargo
containers and I really want to know
what's on a cargo container in this game
ok can you like kill one of their guys
and then go in to be strategic like how
how am I gonna do that can you kill guys
with by firing at them or how do you
probably weaken them yeah see you're
like weaken him first and oh yeah good
take out their med bay that's a good
idea that's that's standard FTL combat
I liked the flame in the flood room oh
the flame of the flood I had such a good
time playing that too but our boy was
great I really recommend it you know you
could you know exactly what you're
getting into old super nintendo
platformer adorable and too good at
fixing the shit okay
but no I haven't got around to it I
played a little bit of don't starve me
and Sarah Chen we're playing don't
starve together the other day yeah
neat neat stuff turn Auto off I don't
want to blow the ship up I wouldn't turn
a weapon off stop firing I can't turn
the weapons off there they're gonna fire
in matter one well that's great so what
you're taking that ship alive because I
couldn't turn the weapons off I'm very
sad
do you need to have it off at the
beginning well it's often I need auto
fire seems to auto fire no matter why I
fucking do wait wait guys put your
cursor over a weapon do you see those
arrows on top no yeah what are those do
select a weapon which place I'm
switching to Aleppo just switching
weapons okay auto fire seems to always
be on I sided with that button on and
off and it doesn't seem to make a
difference
that's very strange rich says Blitzwing
you right-click - on the target so
wherever you targeted and like maybe you
have to right-click the
rich did press the auto-fire button off
and it still worked it was still auto
firing
thanks for putting me on to Westworld Oh
glad you're enjoying it I I have still
only watched the one episode I was I'm
really happy with the one episode and
now that I'm done with watching a couple
other things I can get back to watching
it I'm looking forward to it
ed Harris always good to see Ed Harris
and stuff James Marsden aka original
Cyclops is in it doesn't look like they
even haven't mid-may gonna suffocate if
I'd be him over her
I'm looking forward to more Westworld
there's no oxygen this may have been a
mistake
no how do you get him back
it'd run away oh god they're gonna die
can you get it back there's a cool-down
to detail for now there is oh great no
I'm really looking forward to
teleporting doesn't appear to be oh look
they're robots
oh that's why there's no oxygen ship oh
that's fun not really
well not for you because your guys died
but I'm saying you know in the in the
world of video games that's fun
alright teleporting is a lousy strategy
in this game we're not doing it
you got a prototype blaster what you're
declining the bribe yeah fuck you robots
how much money per boob do you think HBO
makes off of its actresses depends on
the show Game of Thrones seems to have a
pretty high boob per episode ratio
Oh No
you've got to have the sex and drama
psionic attack
causes the enemy crew members in the
selected bait to have panic attacks for
five seconds fool if you wanted to try
the teleport maybe you could have my
half my crews dead oh fuck that shit
did you get rid of a psionic attack yeah
it sounds stupid pants well I was
thinking like psionic attack him so they
panic and when your guys are over there
so you guys will beat him up while
they're panicking if you want it to
teleport button if you're giving up on
teleport yeah I'm giving up on that
great
man from Laurent um once a happy
birthday for his nephew he's three you
fucks if your nephews three probably
shouldn't be watching the show cuz we
stay say stuff like he's three you fucks
all the time but a happy birthday nephew
of man from Lauren done you fucks
are we getting boob spam because we're
talking about boobs
I thought turn Otto on and then that was
Auto attacking so the game just really
wants you to attack this I think so yeah
level up Easton Clarke human warrior
yeah boobs Oh babes the spambots have
been coming for weeks
Oh have they been well thank you for
clearing them out every once in a while
see like a deleted message in the chat
that's like hey check out pics of my
girlfriend spam bots spam bots who
there's a video for the city of you
crossover whoo I'm super excited I'm not
I know things who's crossing over with
you again now sorry I'm vinegar the air
overs something you don't care about
yeah it's actually two things you don't
care about because it's DC superheroes
and it's their television shows so to
make sure these superheroes can be fine
Batman is great I've enjoyed Superman in
the past okay Wonder Woman's stupid the
flash is stupid Green Lantern is stupid
I think oldest stupid Blue Beetle you
know what I bid the spectres stupid
boost Aquaman is super duper extra
special stupid I agree I've never read a
wonderful comic that I liked Booster
Gold has an interesting story okay right
for those who don't know Booster Gold is
from the future he's kind of a con man
from the future and he travels back to
our time the past with technology from
the future to
make him seem like a superhero okay okay
but he's kind of a con man and so he
like just kind of pretends to be a
superhero for fun well he's got the
technology that gives him the word
powers compared everybody else kind of
is a superhero oh right right but like
he's doing it for kind of the reasons
for selfish reasons sure what could be
interesting no never physical reasons he
can be fun but uh I was the dumbest DC
character
Aquaman it's Aquaman
he swims around in the fucking water who
gives a shit what happens in the water
name a dumber
the Dumber hero of an Aquaman like like
the prominent or like any like you could
find some obscure shit in any superhero
universe that's just embarrass your sure
Marvel's certainly not immune to that
right right I'm talking of the majors oh
yeah
of the man then a hundred percent
Aquaman I somebody sent in a cross over
collected volume it was Green Lantern
and Star Trek Oh team-up it was a
team-up book and it just seemed like the
the dumbest thing how Green Lantern's
are just so fucking boring
yeah they're so boring they're they're
they're comically overpowered they've
got ill-defined powers the Rings they'd
make things there's just a lot of blue
and red green beams fucking thing I ever
read yep yep that's every green the
Green Lantern you know I think one of
the original ones like he was a comic
book artist and so he would use his
imagination to make like yeah
spectacular things with his range I
would he would do clever things with the
ring but now it's just like like the
other ring is shoots a beam and it kills
the bad guy and then say it can also be
a shield idea
wait isn't all matter eater a Marvel
hero no that's that's matter eater lad
that's DC legion of super-heroes no no
there's a Marvel hero called all matter
eater it's probably a parody on matter
reader lad who was like a very old DC
character did they both have the same
ability where they get free dates the
Marvel Universe heats anything yeah he's
nothing yes totally it gotta be he's
gotta be a parody oh okay
matter eater lad and all matter eater
who have the ability to eat anything yes
that's it that's their ability yeah
books of comic books sometimes a little
silly matter eater lad as a semi joke
character yes so squirrel girl gets
squirrel girls somehow awesome let's go
very well girl is great Earth's
Mightiest hero Squirrel Girl that's
right like the the original Green
Lantern his weakness was the color
yellow like if someone was wearing a
yellow shirt he couldn't punch that guy
because of the yellow dumb it's almost
like they have the word comic in their
name exactly exactly they're silly
sometimes hey silly sometimes anonymous
says someone in chat said that they
would pay 750 dollars for Final Fantasy
Tactics come on
live a little take life by the pussy
seven hundred and fifty dollars for
finally so they're standing firm 998
reparent Lee you don't want me to play
Final Fantasy Tactics because my price
is 998 see here's the thing about
bargaining is it's all about it's it's
all about you know who has control of
the situation which doesn't cares who
plays Final Fantasy Tactics that gives
him a slight edge in the bargain
so rich didn't say it was one single
donate I believe it was implied then it
was one single 998 donation yes rich
Evans should have been a cutthroat 80s
businessman yes he knows how to hold him
he knows how to fold them do you think
there's any hope left that new line
cinema won't fuck up Sandman big time oh
are they doing a Sandman are they doing
a Neil Gaiman's Sandman they'll put your
hopes and things it never works out
especially if it's a Neil Gaiman saying
man because they're just gonna
concentrate on visuals and not the story
I've actually never read Neil Gaiman's
Sandman so I don't know if the story
isn't even any good let's see here Jack
mentioned the beginner's guide Jack
mentioned the beginner's guide to you on
Twitter a while ago did you ever get
around to playing it what did you think
ello what happened that's a lot of bugs
bugs the beginners guide no I don't
think I've played it because I don't
remember what it is I'm sorry I get a
lot I'd probably put it on my list
Sandman writer can't do it in a movie
movie writer what what
rich the bargaining has continued for
Final Fantasy Tactics yeah here's their
counter to your counter right to your
non counter what about 750 but only one
stream no which really is silly because
you're offering your reference cream
using two streams for 998 all right all
right loose it all right all right one
stream 996 or you can get two streams
for $2 more
well yeah one stream for 996 or two
streams for 998 but one stream yeah the
low low price of 996 rich we're also
starting a new twitch series here called
how to be a better businessman where
rich will give you tips and tricks to
the trade how to deal how to haggle you
need to know how to haggle you talk to
Richard Evans Richard Edlund Evans
what is the beginner's guide hold on I'm
gonna look this up begin nerves guide
what is that
that is a narrative video game from the
creator of this damn oh it's from the
Stanley parable maybe I didn't look into
this I will it is up here on it now I
will I will add it to my list of things
that I should look into at a later date
a guide for beginners okay yeah we will
look into that that could be a fun
stream that could be a fun stream
anonymous says read any good books
lately have you ever read the
best-selling novel the art of the deal
well rich obviously has memorized it
because he's really great at it
he's really great at the deal I'm
currently reading I'm going through the
faith comic books valiance comic books
faith and I'm reading how to be the
greatest improviser on earth which is a
written by a improv teacher over at
upright citizens brigade on kind of
techniques and tips and tricks and just
something because I enjoy improv comedy
and wanted to read it
they've even got the whole cracks the
whole guy I'm trying to disguise what
this is how is the house the lawsuit
came along are we gonna use this video
as evidence in the lawsuit this game
play footy good yeah
so those are the books I'm reading right
at the moment Ritchie reading anything
no really started doing stand-up wait
what
hold on a window thing came up and now I
can't give up I've lost my mouse
completely get out of here you should
start doing stand-up when you stand up
every hour hop rich if you let people
donate up to the amount of 998 you'd
make it in two or three streams you're
being very short-sighted I'm being very
smart I'm making up to donate things
anyway just to get us to read this stuff
this is this is Rich's richezza he's put
this out there and I just don't think
he's bending rich I read they are made
of meat it's greater than that I read it
too by the way
yeah what a fun little shorts - yeah
yeah they are they are made of meat is a
as a short story that you can read for
free online and it's amazing it's really
great it's hilarious Jack I can't wait
until you read saga and gush about it
for an hour that's very possible I've
heard good things about saga you have
$700 I guess I can take my sweet-ass
time it doesn't really matter you know
you can jump around yeah yeah
the truth to do the truth did an audio
version of their made of meat oh cool I
died I think they're made of meat is one
of those things that you could never
adapt to a visual up oh he ran away from
you I just got chase up come here he
knows you're gonna kill him
oh and then they also read the story
from the things point of view yeah good
I had the comic years ago they didn't
say they just need to read it yeah I'm
guessing it's good it's interesting I
need you know what I don't like it as
much as they're made of be they're made
of beat is great well it's just simple
it's short and sweet and to the point I
need to re-watch the thing it's been way
too long since I've seen the thing
that's exactly what we're just trying to
dream the game it looks like you're
cruisin around the galaxy in a space
Cadillac and that's kind of what he's
doing it doesn't cost you anything that
we can tell at least to just fly around
the galaxy there's no timer there's no
one chasing you do you have a mission
was there a mission it's something do
you remember
I think this vague Lee something yeah
the traveler speaks yes they are made of
meat is very Douglas Adams very I'm
surprised that it's not Douglas Adams
what thing the thing the only thing that
matters is the thing and it's been a
long time since I've seen it and I feel
like I should re-watch it do you
remember what the name of the story is
from the things point of view the things
plural the things because it sees us as
things people are great sometimes people
are green hey rich what says loner Arjun
how much money would it take for you to
tell people on the stream that their
opinions are wrong do that free great
also rich
I recommend asking for more money
because I I rather watch I would rather
watch a rich eating stream
he's another thing that will never
happen people aren't the worst while
people are the worst but they're also
the best some people are the worst and
some people write a short story from the
things perspective on the thing yeah and
that's the best that's great doctor
killed the cat says I was cleaning my
house and found the box for no man's sky
but apparently lost the disk oh wait I
don't care
I'm very sorry doctor kill the cat yeah
you have plenty of videos of rich eating
already so you don't need we don't need
to do that live
don't worry about that the things is a
unique perspective piece written by
Peter Watts based on the 1982 film the
thing thank you the traveller speaks the
things there is a mic and J eating fried
chicken video yeah there's there's all
sorts of red letter media eats things
that stop me from just doing this as
much as I want fully explore everything
because why not why not I mean in in one
aspect that's kind of nice because you
can fully explore anything but there's
no there's no download an FTL casual mod
well that's the thing word there's no
trying I'm trying to ascertain the point
yeah there's no Drive as far as I can
tell I'm kind of half watching g-shot
says hi rich Jack another short ish
story you might like is for a breath I
Terry
by Roger zhelemie zeleny Zelezny Roger
Zelazny you should be able to find it
online without too much trouble thanks
for the streams for a breath I Terry
okay give me one second there's now
we've hit the point where I need to
start writing stuff down
delays me sorry that is a that is a
tough last name is a Lay's knee so what
is niak it's a Lay's knee Zell is me
yeah I got it eventually I got it
eventually that's a tough name though
especially if you see it spelt out it's
that's a don't you can't blame me for
that
so has laptop goes to get another device
this laptop stays here
this laptop cannot remind me of anything
this goes with me everywhere I am and I
use it all the time if I write a note in
here I will actually remember to do it
this laptop stays here so settle down
people
put down one the way to pick up the
other d'void what kind of idiot are you
kind of idiot so one is the beginning I
got to play The Beginner's Guide guide
great and we have to read we have to
read what don't get there again for a
breath I Terry for breath i Terry great
done
great did it Oh did it did it wrote it
down now I'll remember now I'll remember
use Google I use I use Apple notes
because at home I have Apple computers
and so if I write the note on my phone
it shows up on my notebook on my
computer I could use Google notes but I
use Apple notes so because I have an
Apple computer at home I wrote down the
thing I wrote down all the thing whoo
thank you lay 5 or God lesser God with
fives they linked to the audio of they
are made of meat I think it's better
read though I have not heard the audio
but I loved hearing their voices in my
head you know I made their characters in
my head and I would hate to listen to
the audio now and if they got it wrong
wow that's not that's not how they're
supposed to be aren't Apple notes less
secure with less encryptions and such
not that I'm aware of
Apple is pretty good with encryption
wake up
well hey whoopsie there we go there was
a tip where he asked them to say hello
to his nephew I don't think that was a
tip someone said that in the chat so
once that in the chat they wanted us to
say happy birthday to their
three-year-old nephew and we did so I
loved hearing their voices in their head
in my head Jack please get help nope
that's how reading works
what's 505 did you go there what SOS
it's okay it's okay
this is SOS where it's no 505 at all no
my t-shirt spreadsheet is actually on my
Google Drive so I do have a Google Drive
but uh I don't use it as often as my
Apple notes but my t-shirt spreadsheet
is I'm a Google Drive
and it's also perfectly normal that
t-shirt spreadsheet is a perfectly
normal thing
li'l using passwords like monkey 1-2-3
isn't really apples fault
oh yeah like using using a thing to use
unlimited passwords you know IVA I use
crate I do the crazy long crazy
passwords about everyone like dr.
strange I like I still like dr. strange
I'll probably give it a rewatch when it
comes to video on demand one big issue
problem though
drone one biggest problem for me that I
won't talk about yet I'll wait maybe two
maybe so like next Wednesday stream
that'll give people enough time for
spoilers but I have one major issue
problem but overall the visuals are nice
the soundtrack is the score is really
good I know apparently it's very similar
to the Star Trek score yeah because of
the same guy did it
and Mike complained that it was so
similar that he get like it sounded
exactly like the Star Trek score
I'd probably argue that it's just that
guy's style okay but it's a it sounds it
sounds vaguely similar to the Star Trek
score the Doctor Strange score but I
still liked it
give us an example of one of my crazy
long passwords ha you won't trick me
that easy
the problem is what's Doctor Strange
escape made out of you're right that's
the big question
it seems to be really durable we're not
sure if it's bulletproof how is it
lifting him up there's a lot of
questions with the Cape a lot of
technical questions you nerds
it's it's very similar the scores are
very similar I agree I didn't notice so
I guess it didn't bother me that much
while watching oh and also it's a cloak
not a cape it looks a lot like a cape it
doesn't a cloak have a hood there's not
much difference what's the difference
between a cloak and a cape a hood I
think then it's a cape it has no hood
too much nuki I also I believe a cloak
has a hood and this is just a cape
there's no we're splittin dim hairs
these are this is important technical
terms rich this is the stuff people want
to know about I like that the cape was
not entirely explained right because it
doesn't need to be he lives in a magic
universe and this was the magic thing
that did magic stuff it was great it has
a collar a cloak does not necessarily
have a good the hood is called a cowl
it's a cloak of levitation that he has I
could be very mistaken but I was pretty
sure it was the cloak of levitation and
fruit part of magicians just called it
the cape of levitation and primetime
Jason just said it's called the cloak of
levitation yeah well then it's a cloak I
always if it doesn't have a hood so I it
looks like a cape so I called it it's a
list it looks like a fucking cape your
shield is broken
I agree doctor killed the cat in dr.
strange of the the spells of magic seem
to have some rules and understanding for
laymen unlike Harry Potter which I
couldn't follow a thing yeah there's
there's without getting into spoilers
the the one thing I liked about dr.
Strange's character is he's a science
nerd asshole and so he joins this
mystical cult to learn the magical arts
and he just wants to study more and
understand like how the magic works and
his masters like you just have to trust
in the magic and use your feelings and
it goes no I want to read these books
that tells me how the fucking magic
works just you feel a shut up shut up
I'm jaded learn exactly so like
character wise I really like that about
him gotta be just for the movie I don't
think that's a comic book trait of dr.
strange I don't know if I was asked not
to learn things I think comic book dr.
strange is actually like after this this
is him becoming the Grand Wizard you
know I think I've never read a dr.
strange guy first issue like you know
60s first issue I think doesn't they go
through the whole rigmarole within the
whole training I dunno or at least you
know like his hands that he saw the guy
the Middle East he learn magic now in
those magic terms now they did it they
just did it like four pages right now
he's the wizard supreme of Oliver no I
liked it overall his character I really
liked cuz he's just a he's just kind of
a selfish dick in this book you can you
can never use these spells in this book
well why not because I say so
well shouldn't I know them so I know not
to do them I just wanna know what's
going on no just trust in the magic fuck
you great
oh yeah actually I should not call him
the Grand Wizard that's a very different
thing
he's the sorceress supreme the first
origin of Doctor Strange was not in the
first issue it was like in the sixth or
wasn't okay it's been a while since I
read that shit actually have read that
shit but it's been a long time no I
never read the original Doctor Strange
you know I'd see him he'd show up every
once in a while and like a spider-man
went off and we're gonna yeah you know
and another one off but that's that was
my extent of knowledge of him
that's not being a dickhead that's being
a skeptic
oh well no he's being a skeptic you're
correct but he's kind of a dick about it
so he is he's also he's a skeptic and
also a bit of a dickhead but yes I enjoy
his character as your and and you are
correct in that a skeptic is a more
accurate way of describing his character
and I like that about his character
especially when dealing with something
like magic
and even when he discovers that other
dimensions and chakras and magical
elements are real he's still skeptical
about the whole thing
he's which is very nice how you did it
what no I wasn't doing it okay just all
missiles
why not cannons Jack cannon all cannons
he's a skip edit nice I like that auto
flagellate er says hey you hack frogs if
you liked they are made of meat try the
last question and the nine billion names
of God both are available for free
online and the last question and the
nine billion names of God I don't want
to oh oh I'm sorry shit just got real
rich didn't want to I will for $990 told
you should have lowered that price we
could have talked him down rich we could
have talked him down it's too late now
you've dug yourself into a hole
obviously you don't care because you
don't want to play the game anyway so
hold on what are these ones this is the
last of the last question and the nine
billion names of God on it God done
thank you for these suggestions
and last question is tena attend great
caramel 500k right great what the hell
is this an FTL ripoff yeah very much so
so much so that were we're considering
lending this footage to the FTL team for
their legal action against this game as
it is so much like FTL that it probably
falls under some sort of trademark or
copyright infringement and you want to
remember about a half hour ago when I
suggested the last question good time
sorry Lloyd beats I sorry the chat goes
too fast sometimes I mix stuff I miss
stuff and I'm very sorry Oh cinnamon
says this isn't a ripoff rich it's a
homage I got the eye roll I got the I
Rome
it was inspired by FTL what just
happened there I help somebody in an
engineer got injured Oh possibly died
I think died but oh oh well shit happens
right
similar to but legally distinct from FTL
that's right sausage toes anonymous says
um what's the word on the street what's
the word on the street that rich did a
Thanksgiving Day stream last year that
sounds like a magical event that could
help my life have meaning maybe the day
after Thanksgiving what say we're gonna
figure that out
I didn't once no apparently it's an
annual tradition oh it's a judicial rich
we will most likely stream the day
before Thanksgiving just because that's
a usual streaming day of Wednesday we
will talk about possibly an extra a
bonus some sort of bonus but it's it
might not happen
filmmaker freak just started watching
rich overall how is this game all right
it's FTL light FTL is FTL baby mode yeah
what are you going over there for you
sure
and it is FTL like this is exactly FTL
with a with a more with a less
user-friendly interface an art style
that sometimes make it makes it hard to
know what's going on and very easy
apparently speaking of board game
streams got my notification today
blood-borne the card game is on the way
I'm super excited to play blood-borne
the deck building game why I like deck
building games like blood-borne could be
the exact same conversation we've had
before from together the blood-borne
tie-in yeah seems absolutely pointless
right it's just a name on it
blood-borne is famous not for its
storytelling chops not for it's it's
it's tactical turn-based combat that can
easily be turned into a card game it's
known for its it's action kind of
gameplay right it's difficult action
gameplay absolutely that doesn't
translate into a card game in any direct
way but it's me it's made by a designer
whose games I like you mean you may as
well call the card game you know the
Caddyshack card game they could yeah
absolutely it's made by a designer who I
like he's the same guy who designed
duelists a game that I enjoy and it
features a world or a story or a setting
that I like in blood-borne those two
things together it's gonna be great it's
gonna be great
you guys should stop playing not FTL and
go play blood-borne we don't have the
ps4 with us I just had a conflict with
my own crew jacket what happened they
weren't happy with the ventilation on
the ship
okay I'm gonna issue it's working at
half capacity and no I could either
bribe them or threaten them and what did
you do I sure I chose to investigate and
fix the problem well that is the third
option mister yeah sure
you find someone's nest egg a small gold
and get wedged in the vent blatant none
of your crew admit to being the owner of
being it
well fucking return it like who cares
get it out of the shaft it's messing up
the ship or you want to keep it for you
what kind of captain do you want to be
you want to be - dick captain
gameplay-wise i'm wondering what what
they would do what are the options what
fuck it they like this all right look
here's heavy it's good for a peak for
whatever yeah maybe maybe if you kept it
for yourself like don't know don't know
you're right that would be great if
there was a RAM option like to ram the
other ship that would be that'd be
awesome
ramming speed the suicide option that's
what the tree recreation says send over
a suicide bomber that would be
interesting you're losing so poorly so
you teleport your guy over there I see
you know what I would like to do yeah
take over their ship oh sure like their
ship is my ship is all kind of fucked up
it's about the blow up go all kinds of
hole damage yeah I think if you kill the
other crew you should have the option to
take over the ship and then and then
that that adds a little extra tactical
thing where oh they have some really
nice fat bags couple Bay's I don't have
all right give you some motivation swap
ships that would be great that'd be
great
that would be that'd be fun that's
something that that's something that you
can do in dusters you can take over
ships that you've cleared out I enjoy
doing that it's something you have to do
because eventually your ship breaks down
that sounds like a good idea for FTL to
watch they will never make mm-hmm I
don't know why they have a hard-on
against doing FTL to maybe they think
they can't do anything significant
enough baby maybe they have an idea for
a new game commandeering ships I thought
rich hated dusters I don't think rich
ever sisters yeah I don't think you were
in this is sue I hate everything it's
fury well well rich I mean to be fair
you're negative on a lot of things yeah
you you weren't into it as much as I was
nothing I was definitely more in love I
I am in love I was am in love but no
rich did not hate dusters milking the
cow yeah you know and I think they made
their game and they made bonus content
for their game they're kind of done with
it now they want to make another game I
don't do what they want
the game visually looks like absolute
garble
yeah yeah I agree I agree I don't like
this I don't this this looks too flashy
fleshiness isn't a problem it's just not
a good lay it's not clear what what does
one oh I'm just saying even like the
look of everything I don't like like
this kind of like cartoony it looks too
clean anonymous says lightning round
random question time Jack top Christmas
Wish from kids rich do you hate
Christmas hates a strong word okay
you have harsh feelings on Christmas no
top Christmas wish from kids they they
love they have a couple of those like
buildable figures like the Bionicle Star
Wars they actually think we're going to
die oh yeah yeah oh and which bizarrely
I'm excited about that
because you weren't sure you could do
that yeah well there you go they have
like those like lego dead how your
Craven yes yeah it looks like they
should be dead
dango so they have these like buildable
figure like Lego Star Wars guys for Star
Wars rogue one like the root you know
the robots which look adorable and they
really want those they're getting super
into Pokemon and so they just want all
the pokemons stuffed animals that I can
throw at them and books there's like a
million kids books which is great you
know they just like reading Lisa and I
are actually thinking about instead of
getting the older one who was reading
just far too much for what we're running
out of space for all the books that he's
reading we're considering getting him a
really cheap eReader
something like an Amazon fire tablet
yeah where you know we can get Kindle
books they have full-color books where
you can still get picture books on it
we're considering getting him one of
those button
but uh mostly Pokemon stuffed animals
that's all I want aman stuffed animals
may be internal no oh my kids love
reading Lisa and I are big readers and
so they they were going to the chicks
the check see and giant is finally
defeated the outpost garrison is
completely discouraged by the death of
their leader they reside they resigned
Li hand over Kyle alt R this is the one
kind of mission objective I got oh yeah
so you did it I guess oh wait we know
you need to deliver Kyle to the Norg all
right fine okay so you do kind of have a
mission but they so we've been reading
with our kids for a long time because
Lisa and I are big readers and so that's
that's why we're thinking getting them
an e-reader and we're also doing a lot
of traveling around Christmastime and so
just knowing the amount of stuff that
he's gonna want to bring with him and
all the books he's gonna want to bring
with him something like an e-reader
might be good for him we're still
debating the pros and the cons of that
dying from lack of oxygen
welcome to GGG dog oh oh are you yep
I'll get him out of those rooms then
yeah yeah I gotta back out now should be
yeah but those rooms are still red well
there are the red rooms well run get out
of the red rooms and come out of the Red
River ah get the e-ink readers I know
they say that the that the blue from
reader screens mess with your eyes if
you read late at night but modern
tablets I believe have some like night
modes where it turns a little more
orangish I'm skeptical about getting him
an e-ink book because I'm not sure you
know like some of his books still have
like little picture things and I'd want
him to you know see he likes the little
pictures so I'd like to get a full-color
screen like I said but we're just
looking into it too
just looking into it now whether it's
some sort of nightshift mode or new
inker you know it really it's just
whatever whatever can get the books that
he wants on them eating yeah eating does
have better battery life which I'm super
down with if you let him get a tablet
he'll just play games and watch movies
on it well I assume I will put some sort
of parent parental locks on the tablet
I'm a technology person who knows how to
technology I can put parental locks on
it
that's right Alta maser no politics
tonight only Zuul taking a night off
come back furious on Sunday maybe or
we'll just enjoy enjoy the space here
maybe we'll all be dead by then or maybe
we'll all be dead
kids find a way around locks they will
know I know they will but technology
will be a part of his life so why not
why not get him started on the right
foot and make you know technology a part
of his reading life the safe stuff this
yes yes you know what this is a safe
space tonight don't worry this is your
safe space tonight
well the goat tonight tonight it is at
least how do we how do we do the is it
is it exclamation point
uptime and is that how we get in how
long we've been to our you know what
maybe it's time to stand up again
everybody let's we've been doing we've
been going for two and a half hours
let's stand up again
ah it feels good
and I'm back
welcome back you know what actually I'm
gonna take a little bit longer break and
go grab a water
you wanna take over when you get back
I'll have you know get in there get in
there
I'll take over I don't like this oh one
more jump cuz I'm almost out of the
system okay
who or sector or whatever stretch legs
water gotten okay thank you for bringing
that up
Tierney's where's Rex I know J has
mentioned this before if you can only
see one movie this year
go see Swiss Army man I know you have
not seen it rich Swiss Army man is the
Daniel Radcliffe yeah I heard it plays a
farting corpse yeah movie more than just
farting more than just farting it is a
goddamn masterpiece it might be one of
the funniest movies I've seen in recent
memory it's heartwarming it's weird as
fuck it was a fantastic watch I can't
recommend Swiss Army man enough I don't
want to say too much about it because
you know spoilers all over the place
I've seen trailers it certainly looks
like it has its own voice
it is unique it's wonderful Swiss Army
man is is quite possibly my favorite
movie that came out this year trying to
think or you know my favorite movie I
saw this year at least
by the way chant we can't play XCOM - we
can't fight we can't play axe come -
well they ruined it they ruined it with
a patch to update for controller support
it's got full controller support now
with that same patch like ruined the
targeting what do you mean like you you
don't know who the fuck you're aiming at
you're gonna attack a guy right next to
them for some reason that thinks you're
shooting at somebody on the other end of
the damn map oh no they're just
completely fucked over but they added in
controller support have they
acknowledged this method is very really
couple
days ago so oh I'm sorry I'm so sorry I
just I just I checked in on the forums
everyone is bitching about not being
able to target anymore because their
patch to give controller support fuck
the game oh that's really terrible I'm
sorry
people who like X come to forget this
for you or me are you something
different yeah I don't care about this
game that sounds like a good idea jacket
this it's like a damn fine idea I do I
mean I I understand this is a this is
FTL but you know yeah so I'm gonna I'm
gonna go uh I'm gonna go play a
different game that I want to play if
that's all right with everyone I think
that's gonna be all right with everyone
wake up wake up steam wake up steam oh
good two-factor authentication this is
why I don't give them my telephone
number I just want a fucking log onto
steam yeah
and if they make sure no one else logs
on this thing
what do I care if somebody logs onto my
steam no what are they gonna do buy me a
game maybe you don't know you don't know
what they're gonna do wait what are you
downloading steal all of my virtual
cards that do nothing they're gonna
steal all of your virtual cards that do
nothing right so that's exactly what
they're gonna do all right I can just
log in the steam and I have to dig out
my phone and type in the extra special
code every fucking time what a pain in
the ass that gives you get you nothing
it's you nothing I'm very sorry rich I'm
very sorry
oh god no I don't know I don't want this
I don't want that dead by daylight
Richard's fine it's just a minor bug not
knowing what you're shooting at in XCOM
is more than a minor bug that's that's
that's a gamebreaking buck that's
exactly what that sounds like rich
something that takes away your control
and playing the game is a game breaking
bug not a minor bug downloading a new
game now let's change how you spell this
again hold on it's to protect your
credit cards the credit card information
saved on Steam or on your PC on Steam so
that's dumb that's just dumb
I think on Steam that's be saved on your
hard drive probably I don't know I don't
know it works you could probably you can
probably choose yeah yeah but you know I
know you use it a lot when you buy games
you know this is what I want to do okay
guys make it too easy to troll if you
control us all you want as long as it
leads to something fun funny what are
they trolling us with now I don't know
okay great great
that's great I don't even really care as
long as the stream is entertaining
honestly I think that's the other thing
they can steal like personal info from
you like a bit like you might have your
address saved in there for all right
I think there are good reasons to to
have two-factor authentication or
whatever fucking game
well you can you just have to do other
stuff first oh and we

[Part II]
was I dunno yeah boom and boom oh and we
need to can you update update cherry art
in the heart huh what's this called
donger goderdzi oh and NER it's loud
it's loud oh that's true
Gino suave says the real threat is
getting your account banned and losing
all of your games
that is real true someone could just
fuck with you okay we are gonna play
Gunnar
I have heard this is like spelunky but
you shoot things
okay something to drink I'm going to
figure out how to play this game oh it's
arty arty shit's happening already
there's a whale oh my God look I'm a
little color blob alright come here
whale friend okay
alright alright maybe I don't need to
get all of them this is cute and some of
what somewhat off-putting at the same
time yeah oh look you're like a little
skeleton boy with a whale friend adorbs
this won't be boring immediately
this is goner gon yeah that's called
goner I cannot tell you how I heard
about it i but it looked it's it's
supposedly oh oh look at my little skull
face yay no I'm happy
no I'm happy it's supposedly like
spelunky but you shoot things maybe I'm
wrong
nope oh my god spit out that little
intestine
oh you can wall jump look at that great
great oh oh oh my glory
okay okay
Oh
anodite oh and
that oh I need to pick up my pieces I'm
in love I'm in love
Jax faces this is fun but I want to
fucking destroy this game I hope I get
it I get it
well Artie I kind of love that the
levels build themselves around you when
you are close okay can't destroy that
snail at the same time it's kind of
frustrating cuz you know I'd like to
know like what's going on in the level
but I'm gonna deal with it
i'ma deal with it don't you dare don't
you dare get out of here little batty
fuck
it's procedurally generated Megaman but
with a funky ass art style not sure if I
like the look I guess another go for
some stylistic yep because it's easier
than making nice-looking sprites maybe
but I don't think it looks nice
oh it's a style oo style ah you know hey
whatever you have limited bullets yeah
you have limited bullets can Megaman sue
them no because this doesn't take place
in space I mean I mean in Megaman
universe you are not a robot you are not
a you are not a robot fighting other
robots for power-ups and hands mighty
number 9
so you have to kill all the things no I
think you just need to get to the end
I'm killing all the things cuz it makes
my path to the end easier Oh like that
when you die you have to like find all
your pieces oh okay
what I don't know how do you know it's
not a robot fighting robots because I'm
a little skeleton thing and you know
they're not a robot that looks like a
skeleton how do you know that how do you
know that Jack okay this is stylistic of
the point where it's obnoxious
no necessarily yes nope
ah and it likes it well might be fun I'm
not saying it isn't fun they haven't
sold me on the look they haven't sold
you in the look
no okay turn it
and I think like the look is part of the
thing that's engaging me because it is
different I like I like more isn't
always good
oh no but that's like that's what's
keeping me going you know different is
frequently bad is why people are afraid
to experiment with a different right
that's what's that's what's engaging me
at the moment it's not just another
pixel art shooter or or adobe flash
animation something a little weird I
like it when they get a little weird
we do whatever's if a bullet doesn't
spawn is it guaranteed to spawn I don't
know I have a I have a reload thing but
I think that runs out to I heard the
doorbell there's a lot I don't know rich
about gunner
Reacher the doorbell
Richard a doorbell that could mean
someone is here I think rich said Karen
was coming over oh that's nothing
go hey Karen
welcome welcome welcome too much no
press number three no like my mother my
mother does not do expressways she does
not do Express wings and it's a little
over hi chat miles to where to where my
parents lives so I went down I went down
there the other day spent the night yeah
then we took my mom's car but we drove
up here and she spent the night your
mother came up my mother came up to
visit and then the next day we drove
back down there and then I spent the
night and then I drove back up here
again
oh my so I made I've made the journey
four times like four days which I mean
it's not god-awful but it's and a couple
of those trips I had some nice traffic
both both ways down I had some nice
traffic jam yeah I ran all the way there
so
you can hear me chomping my gamma
schmoly throw that thing in there uh-huh
what the filters covered my whole face
now it's cover my face oh my goodness
what do you play I'm playing a game
called goner which is has this very
unusual animation style and is basically
roguelike Mega Man where you shoot the
things and every level is different how
do you feel about this game here in the
three seconds you've seen it yeah three
seconds you've seen it looks remarkably
simplistic oh yeah no that's fair is
that a bad thing
oh I wasn't saying we'll see I mean
you're asking me that I haven't always
been about a game that I've been looking
at out of the corner of my eye for two
minutes I like the little Victrola there
but I like the Stride Gum too which is
supposed to be melon peach and tastes
like neither melons nor peaches but it's
pretty good I don't know what it does
taste like oh yeah so there wasn't them
Oh sleepover
you know sleepover with my mom wild
times all right Jack I'm not sure where
you left off Jehovah's Witness what if
somebody said yo VA's witness Oh who's
at the door I said oh I gotta have
something at the door I had the doorbell
okay and then I took off there's a lot
of Jehovah's Witness no there's a lot of
Jehovah's Witnesses in my parents
neighborhood but they have two very
friendly actually but two large dogs
does Elvis witnesses are you right no no
like my parents large dogs huh
two big hairy dogs very friendly dogs
but whenever whenever anybody comes over
for anything like that we're here to
talk to you about Jesus that's a big dog
smash dog ever
oh yeah yeah the one dog was like 120
pounds and he's just a big lover
in fact she had had them groom too
though
by the mobile grooming service and me
and her cousin brought over her cousins
two dogs and our neighbor's dog was over
and talked for me already he was like a
dog grooming party what guy was happy as
a clam he loves little tiny dogs when
the truck comes around
oh yeah cuz I mean you know it takes a
lot of gas for the mobile grooming truck
so oh yeah no turn otherwise says thank
you for the no politics talk
I agree appreciate it saw that hacksaw
Ridge I actually don't like it that much
the better flick on the subject is the
consciousness objector XL Ridge is the
new Mel Gibson war movie ya know Gibson
directed war movie his back baby he's
back he's back people don't care that
he's a horrible monster I'm burned out
on politics myself yep we're doing a
politics freestream not we're not
talking about it at all you know what
we're gonna we're gonna be we're gonna
be the clowns that everyone everyone
laughs at your clown straight where
you're where you are making the balloon
animals where's his head that was so
adorable oh well thank you
she do birthday parties I did a birthday
party and was a professional fun dad I'm
pro clown I've always liked clowns I'm
with you Karen what a smart woman you
are very smart you know what right there
people who like to make kids laugh yeah
yeah just made me cry yeah I know
there's a lot of kids who are just not
crazy about him
there's a lot of people in general who
are anti clown and it's just something
I've never quite understood it's like a
lot of dogs or anti Val I mean who
doesn't you know care more about the
dog's well-being than the vet pretty
much nobody becomes a vet if they don't
like dogs to begin with and then they're
being paid to take care of the dogs
right be extra motivated you say dog
bones are like pets
yeah I'm saying dog fear of the dog fear
of vets is like the kid fear of clowns
it's you know just doesn't really match
the reality of the situation know
oh yeah not this right now you strongest
real like I said my if the clown is not
entertaining the kid then it's not good
for the kid if the clown is just
creeping the kid out hmm well they mean
well health is a different thing you can
you can make someone healthy and they
don't know what you're trying to do when
they're sterile I mean that clowns have
entertainment doesn't work in the same
way you're entertained you're not
alright I just I just mean that they
both they're they're both things that
their respective clientele if you will
are are frightened by but that they have
you know the best of intentions
what's weird the way the land like
builds itself under you yeah I wish the
graphics like the guy the people were a
little bit more depth I mean I realize
he's a couple shades of blue it's giving
me a headache why I don't like a look at
this game yeah it's I'll bet this game
though looks a lot better on like a
phone I think part of the problem oh
that you couldn't play this on a phone
that would be a disaster you think yeah
how would you control it I think these
graphics would look better on him
well I don't know what's one of those
little on-screen touch pads or some shit
and the graphics on a tiny screen oh
well at least you wouldn't the the the
shortcomings of the graphics would be
less obvious when there are where whole
thing is I love you but I have never
known you to be more wrong and from
Lauren Tim says nothing they say nothing
it's just a message Oh weird
they say you're seriously old Manning
right now
well world what do you want well kids of
all nada says just an appreciation tip
for streaming a second game on a
surprise Friday stream thanks for
bringing us together for happy times
love to prereq and the chat yeah you
know I did I definitely felt bad missing
Wednesday and and so you know wait we
were able to be here be able to be here
well we'll play for a little bit longer
I don't know how much later we're gonna
go tonight button started it nice and
early so won't our con sus Karen on
November 17th planet coasters coming out
but you might need to use Rich's
computer or to plan also avoid
rollercoaster tycoon world it is literal
shit in mustard well I like mustard but
not shit not so much I've not heard good
things about it and and that's a shame
because I was waiting for so long for
the sequel to three to come out but yeah
I hear great things and I've seen I've
seen you know like previews of a planet
coaster and I I totally want it I
totally want to play it
so far the one the one disappointing
thing is I think I made it to like the
next level and it wasn't very clear like
it the level looked the same
yes yeah like I think I made it down to
the next thing but it looked the same I
do like the swallow you warp pipe thing
oh right the little wormie yeah and it
spits me a little warm but yeah there's
a lot of leg above this game my and and
you know obviously this is my first time
playing but so far I am not quite
positive on my progression okay we were
we were trying to entertain my mother
but the thing is we're boring pieces of
shit so we got her watching Arcos and
she likes I know she likes jackass I
favorite you might like Jack my guy I
mean I Jack she might like Bank right
yeah yeah she didn't seem too impressed
oh yeah hey a couple good bits in
beggar's yeah exactly there's a couple
of good bits I think it's bad grandpa's
problem this is just a couple good yeah
a couple good vets it's grant bad
grandpa was like the kind of thing that
you could like distill all of the good
bits and like run them for three minutes
at a time
you know periodically I'm like the Jimmy
Kimmel show and it would be great and
everyone would love that segment but
stretched out to a to a movie and in one
sitting
yeah yeah meant to be a web video yeah a
series of web videos yes yeah that was
probably its inception yeah as a series
as a series of five-minute bits there's
probably you know at least five good
ones in there the feel a little bit was
good what else is even good funerals
great the depart were where he's
the kids the beauty pageant the kids
will miss how deep it's good the the
little bit where he goes crashing
through the storm window I'm it was okay
yeah it was cute the biker bed like
that's Amy would have a punch line it
didn't make sense and you know you just
sit there and you're just kind of idly
wondering like how did they handle the
logistics of paying for people's
insurance claims I'm sure they figured
it out some did they have the police
standing by so nobody killed but it's
possible it is that kid actually 12 I'd
small for his age at least in terms of
height don't look good
he doesn't look good bad Santa's getting
a sequel we watched the Krampus one of
the richer totally different thing but
why nobody was bad side to the Krampus
Wow never ever heard that analogy before
he technically is Bad Santa yes two very
different bad Santa's the Bad Santa
movie is kind of like a drunken mall
Santa Billy Bob Thornton yeah I'm
surprised you haven't done like George
Lucas head Santa suit running around the
comic-con doing destroying the Star Wars
no you need the flannel or it doesn't
look like George Lucas enough okay this
looks like white-bearded me yeah
behold as his Isle white bearded man
Santa Santa's been using just four men
or something so we saw the Krampus I
didn't I didn't love it
Krampus yeah Jay speaks very highly of
it I like the endings like non-ending
anti-anything oh yeah yeah
they set the kid up to become like a
main character and then he falls in the
background for almost the rest of the
movie and then he wishes that he he
wishes his way into it never happened it
was just a dream
let's buy Tiny Tim a goose with happily
ever after oh wow have you seen a jack I
have not so good I'm looking forward to
it yeah I will I will forget by the time
I actually if I won't watch it moments I
mean you know see bad things happen to
people could be fun movie yeah business
the characters are by and large quite
one-dimensional Lucas is an anagram of
cloth oh my god it is he giveth and he
taketh away and then he kind of giveth
back or try to yep tries to who George
Lucas Oh give us Star Wars and then he
taketh away with the with the prequels
and then he tries to give it back
already trying to give it back trying to
make up when they trying to make up for
the prequels with us he had nothing to
do with that he sold me Star Wars
oh he gave me he gave back by stopping
maybe he gave back by getting four
billion dollars to sell Star Wars
this looks like it gets old
alright I'm actually a little done with
it already and you know me i
procedurally-generated shooters are kind
of a thing and I'm kind of done with it
already
just procedurally generated every time
you play a level it is different no two
levels are alike and permadeath which
means if you die there's no continue
there's no saving your progress you have
to start all the way back from the
beginning it's like a little angel devil
boy or trance or X or Godzilla or
whatever he is fighting bacteria
everything gets old it's just a matter
of how quickly right well some things
some things have remarkable staying
power like Tetris that just is the same
thing over and over and over again and
yet it you know pushes the serotonin or
dopamine or whatever buttons just the
right way this is true I'm not sure if
you could ever get sick of Tetris uh no
everything for now but not like
permanently I don't think any misses I
never wanna play Tetris again I'm so
over it all it is is four pieces and
different configurations following
forever we're gonna give this and what
we're gonna give this a little bit
longer pac-man is the same thing more or
less over and over again there's some
subtle variations looks like Tetris or
some subtle variations but it is very
much the same thing over and over
everything well I mean you know you have
different kinds of fruit faster oh and
in pretzels which I guess aren't exactly
skins gonna go dark again we should
change the timeout
that's just pushes your frustration
button such as you know is set up so
that it will eventually get too hard so
yeah let's say I wanted me to play a
Final Fantasy game you can make it
started no this is important care that
Jeff wanted me to play a Final Fantasy
game oh okay I I agreed to do it if we
get a single 998 dollar donation how
much are you gonna play for 998 yeah
two full streams two for our streams but
for the for the low low price of 996
I'll only play one straight for next to
two dollars for less than for Ally no
two dollars off the price to disco okay
just one stream though okay
hey here's the thing they tried to talk
me down to 750 III have think someone in
the chat might be serious about that
about 750 awesome would you be willing
and I turned them down oh my would you
be willing to like to like bargain like
like you know Dragon Warrior I did it
went down to 996 how about how about
dragon fantasy I think you know I think
they would want it to be a Final Fantasy
Final Fantasy Tactics are supposed to be
different than the other Final Fantasy
it's it's a tactic you know grid-based
movement it's a game rich might actually
like it has it has a movement but like
when your movement when you have like
soars and you have to get in you get the
hit I'm not sure that means much I don't
know well I play banner saga and I was I
wasn't super impressed
I did play all four through all four
Dragon Warriors many moons ago many Suns
ago 7750 one final offer this rate well
well we'll find like a compromise in
about 10 years
rich has given you his price what else
do you want though I gotta say probably
like what one month into the trump
presidency 996 will be affordable I
thought we were talking about politics
we weren't talking I had to get that
Jevon I had to get that Jevon I'm done
now I was I was you know complaining I
was I was you know bummed about the
whole election shindig you know election
election burnout know it retract me down
from the ledge yeah you know there there
there's been a everyone everyone's been
talking about it and that's specifically
why we were just gonna say hey let's
just let's just play video games and
talk about movies and shit and I said I
don't break the rules I make the rules
she said you know you're right rich you
know we're all the son like like like it
was it a bomb or somebody said the Sun
will come up tomorrow
you know how about them Cubs ah yeah the
World Series my father has been saying
for pretty much all of my life that he
he was he was born in the 40s after they
were in the World Series the last big
most recently before this time you know
and he was always like I just want to
see them get into the World Series and
well you know game Game seven of the
World Series I I don't know if he was
too nervous or just you know too passive
aggressive because we were telling him
to watch it but he's watching other shit
he was asleep when they won the World
Series
it's silly he's only waited his whole
life yeah I'm a Sox fan and I watched it
you know just cuz it's did Chicago what
it's interesting wasn't an interesting
to me is when the sax wanted but you
know I wanted them to win for my father
even if you know apparently he only
cares until they get in at her so watch
it with my mother and the dogs have much
they were just excited that I was over
and then I was sitting on the couch my
mother sit in front of the couch and
have both of us what else do you need
yeah if you're a big hairy fuzzy
black-and-white dog I guess not a large
part of reason he went down there was to
watch the series we get on her yeah
exactly
that's how abused he was he couldn't he
couldn't he couldn't handle it
yeah sad sports
sports I kind of made him watch the the
and I was part of the NLCS when I was
over because it was only on like cable
like Fox one or something yeah some kind
of cable only channel that they have
downstairs but not upstairs so it's like
on this his TV like he's got the
extended cable or something and she's
got the regular one okay
down upstairs on on I'm with you yeah
here's here's the status update on
Karen's computer because I was I was
painting a computer case for Karen yes I
got a nice base coat on down on it it's
nice it's a nice purple and green
I'm waiting on her to get her butt down
here to help with the detail I've just
been busy with the the mother thing you
know I wanted her to come up and see the
place because she hadn't seen it yet and
she doesn't do expressway so I drove and
I thought well you know we'll show her
stuff but she really you know she's like
oh yeah I don't know you know I mean she
really didn't really what didn't show
any kind of particular interest in doing
much of anything there's lots of stuff
we could have potentially done I'm like
well you know we could ride the
streetcars that they had when you were a
kid you know in Kenosha or or we could
go to the Pabst mansion because she
likes that kind of shit oh sure yeah we
I went there a couple weeks ago with a
friend of mine but you know so whatever
but she saw the apartment so something
yeah it's got a bit of a joker look to
it it's not specifically a joker themed
PC though I just cone you go well
together no but I'm gonna I'm gonna put
up somebody what's-his-face
Freddie Williams if Freddie Williams he
says a joker pose yeah it's pretty cool
it's like stroker sewing his lips
together with thread or something so I
have that print and I'm gonna frame that
and put it near the computer because the
colors go but yeah the computer it's
mainly like grape rust-oleum grape like
purple but the kind of they call they
call it grape and then there's like a
it's not quite lime but it's a bright
green and
then we're on the sides we're going to
we're going to hand cut our own stencils
and do flowers in green and blue and
cake cuz our budgets got a lot of like
green and blue and pink and it's it's
you know yeah I guess my color
sensibilities are kind of eight-year-old
girl or something I like cheerful bright
colors well Thatcher Aidid colors
well her computer come with its own Lego
it's got a closet full of my collections
there like I was still holding strong my
computer runs smoothly and beautifully
fucking cut diamonds with a Lego that
ABS plastic is some some old durable
stuff no there's something different
something different
oh is that a whale
Oh kind of reminds me that thing that
kind of eats bee and puppycat oh yeah
the the big TV screen yeah go on your
mission
I love being puppycat whoever if they
ever finish being puppycat or is that
just in limbo well they did like before
but that I ever do anymore
did you for our supposed to do more I
thought they did for that have been out
at least a year now oh if you haven't
seen bee and puppycat I highly totally
recommend oh yeah oh okay that killed me
be a puppy cat and what's the one that
has catbug space nut space oh and Uranus
warriors brave warriors damn it shootin
a scholar well that's not progress
apparently this this level that has
areas where you can die oh gosh darn it
but you at least get to start at this
level nope no now you roguelike means
you start at the beginning so we're back
to this ugly god god oh I think I found
a I got some some new weapons and
upgrades that I think work well for my
place through so like to your place
there with my plays through if I were
the creator people which I'm not and
maybe they're you know maybe they're
specifically not doing it or something
but give something sing some texture
yeah I think it's very purposeful I'm
I'm actually okay with this art style I
would like my progression to be a little
more obvious I'd like it more if
Martha's ugly neon no make it look like
things I think they'd be better off hey
they go for it this makes my eyes sick
then going for a thing
it looks like some kind of video gaming
that's like this is your immune system
besides as you can see here your white
blood cells I'm blowing up the viruses
with a fucking shotgun yeah this this
tube is the eye the sodium channel
you've got cystic fibrosis it doesn't
work right use the anti bodies floating
around up there see you like a little
tiny nano bot something's armed with
guns yeah okay there's like the
incredible journey or something is it
the incredible journey is incredible
journey is the one with the duck the two
dogs and the cat right which is the one
with the with the people where they're
in the ship I know exactly what you're
talking about there yeah yeah or
Innerspace yeah no better inner space is
greater than the Fantastic Voyage
this I don't know I don't know if it's
in there I remember we're recording or
we're just talking I know yesterday it's
talking with Mike and Jay that inner
space is the Forgotten eighties movie
know everyone knows no no it's forgotten
you never hear anyone talk about inner
space you don't really hear them talk
about Ghostbusters and Back to the
Future and Indiana Jones and in return
to the Jedi nobody talks about inner
space oh my god everyone should talk
about interface it's great inner space
is Dennis Quaid and Martin Short and
Robert Picardo
yeah and a very small role and and who's
the Dennis Quaid is like a hotshot
because damn it Ryan yeah I make write
my grave Dennis Quaid is a hotshot test
pilot they're doing experiments in
miniaturization and he gets putting this
little tiny capsule and through through
accidents and intrigue it ends up inside
Martin Short so he's a little tiny man
and a little ship inside Martin sherds
body does it come out Martin Short
Burton's shorts and it's it's a it's a
great little side way I can admit your
film
yes you
come out of shorts it's a great little
sci-fi movie I don't remember how he
gets back out again
is excreted via the kidneys or climb
back out to the mouth whalers yes
you know what you do you should go watch
Energy seen it but it's been a long time
then you need to rectify that and watch
a new space chats mentioning nob
explorers is something that's been
forgotten the explorers lost explores
that big in the first place I was gonna
say I don't know what we're doing I
remember I was a River Phoenix I think
oh really yeah
I have no little baby River Phoenix it
wasn't poison explorers River Phoenix
and who else
little baby River Phoenix how baby was
that before after stand by me for
similar era mister baby River Phoenix
how baby a little bit earlier actually I
think Ethan Hawke oh my goodness Ethan
Hawke okay yeah oh geez
they're saying well we eat and I know
we'll waiting wasn't Stan well we didn't
stand by me I don't know if he was an
explorer's I did I said I don't know
what explorers is little kids build a
spaceship and then they meet aliens what
they they build a spaceship out of a
garbage can and a tilt the world car Wow
when they wake up no then they find
aliens the aliens gave instructions in
the how to build a spaceship I think I
remember right Space Camp oh I I had a
my parents somebody taped for me I had a
VHS with Daryl and Space Camp on the
same VHS it had to be the nerdiest bed
of Daryl the robot the data analyzing
robot youth life-form oh yeah I remember
that one the kid was a robot that
escaped from the government or something
because you know in the eighties the
government was always told the
government was the bad guy yeah we're
always building robots who ended up
being sent are you saying the government
isn't the bad guy pretty much the same
plot is like short circuit except that
it's got skin shock you remember what
the acronym is I couldn't have told you
that right
Last Starfighter is the movie the 80s my
Starfighter yeah I mean I always liked
it and remembered it how many people
talk about it that's like the first
movie that tried to pass CGI off of
something real about enemy mine what
movie last starfighter oh yeah about
enemy mine dull my dad I used to watch
that all the time it's just that we
liked it I liked anything space and I
was a kid I don't know if I would like
enemy mine on every watch I think I
might just get bored by it it's like a
nice pawn like my enemy yeah and a mine
maybe I should be watching who's nerd
swear me yeah possibly possibly there's
no way to know there's no way to tell
I'm gonna say enemy mine is one of those
ones to me way too long since I don't
own that nerd Pentagon oh sure nerd cube
what's that mean mind but it was still I
remember watching it whatever it came on
regular TV of course we didn't have
cable and liking it when I was a kid but
don't know
she had a shock they have not remade the
last starfighter I want to say if
there's something weird going on with
the rights to that like I don't I can
well didn't isn't like Ender's Game kind
of sort of the same concept as last
starfighter isn't he like didn't thought
they build like a video game to find the
perfect child soldier or something in in
when a star fighter it's like I know the
modern-day times and I know the space
aliens put a video game down on earth
it's just a recruiting troll - I know
that
I think Ender's Game just flat-out takes
place in the future I don't think
there's any kind of right but there's a
video game recruiting shenanigans all
right but the idea is that you're
building a video game to find it to suss
out which kid is the perfect pilot
flight of the navigator I liked it other
people not so much
I
especially like the part word where they
got the you know the Beach Boys music
round round oh yeah I do not leak you
leak I remember flying it a navigator
yeah what a reason I just don't have
much love for it I know that's fire
that's very you don't need you don't
need love oh oh no interest what's your
favorite underrated sci-fi movie would
you say The Day the Earth Stood Still is
underrated nope that's a classic I love
that one
sir start naming underrated sci-fi
movies inner space so far as in the lead
I know Logan's Run is not is well
remembered Logan's Run welcome runner
you do with the reboot I'm losing you
know yes I could see it Logan's Run
reboot that's a good movie that it is
that's a good I like Logan's Run novias
was pretty well remembered is it under I
guess it is I love V did you see the
first V May series is great yeah did you
see that not Emma it means peace that
Bruce Willis sci-fi movie where everyone
has their own robot avatar no I haven't
seen it so every everyone has a robot
avatar and so like we the movie starts
and we see Bruce Willis and he has this
gorgeous hair he's a cop and he's doing
all sorts of kung fu moves and then we
discover that he's just plot he's
sitting at it in his home but like
plugged into a machine and that is his
robot avatar like the matrix
kind of but everyone knows that it's
everyone else's robot avatar and so like
everyone knows that everyone's sitting
at home plugged into a computer and you
just go out with your head about avatar
and he's a cop and his avatar gets
busted and he and there's like a
possible like conspiracy theory with all
the robot avatars what it movie is this
called surrogates
this Bruce Willis movie servin it's it's
a like it's supposed to be an action
movie in the actions a little cheesy but
it's actually really interesting and fun
surrogates thank you Darkstar I have not
heard of that I mean I know there's a
Grateful Dead song by that name but the
film's got the surrogate thank you yes
go go surrogates is a fine underrated
sci-fi movie I know also every time
anyone talks about Blade Runner I want
to go listen okay computer G shots the
first V miniseries didn't have the star
child that was in the seat right any
serious after she got got knocked up by
the alien first one has like an
uncertain ending thing well the
resistance is formed know what's gonna
happen from here on out but the future
is very uncertain at the end of the
first V miniseries it gets bad at the
end of the second miniseries when the
magical MacGuffin who saves everything
and there's a space child space child
yeah so that though V was golden it but
the fly the original fly is really good
and not underrated down like everyone
loves the fly or they should care
talking about the original no the
original flight 19 1958 oh it was really
very well done I don't know if I've ever
seen it so repo man yeah it's not
underrated but it's cute of classic repo
man I have him after time I've seen the
new stills Wells builds a time machine
in Jack the river steals it yes it's
it's Hg Wolves vs. Jack the Ripper's
sounds awesome it's it's fun I've seen
it I actually like it so we need to
watch it tonight or display
you probably haven't been paying on the
chat asked about ghosts Michelle stuff
have you been well I love anime so much
right I follow all of the ghost in the
shell' news I'm me I'm the only one
who's seen the ghost in the shell' movie
I like the ghost in the shell' anime a
lot and the stills look great and I read
today that the original director of the
ghost in the shell' anime like has been
seeing dailies and and has like approved
of everything like okay look I'm good
everything's looking good of course you
know you might just be a team player but
it does look good I'm interested in
seeing it when it comes out and now I'm
done the only the only anime member
ritch like was Trigon specifically
specifically though the early parts yeah
yes the last like half to two-thirds of
trigons sucked yes agreed he's it's fun
up until the reveal that he's like a
light bulb alien because it's both
ridiculous and accurate when when you
think it's just a human yeah who may
well he may or may not be the infamous
outlaw yes who's out looking for some
kind of redemption but is his cover as
he pretends to be a buffoon they're all
funds yes the 60 million double dollar
man yes it's very fast and pretty when
he is some kind of cross between Shane
and a Looney Tunes character he's like
he's like he's like stand in your
somebody sand or something a lot of
people don't know what Shane is I don't
know Shane Shane is a classic western is
a classic western they made a movie out
of it it was a book he's a gun man
gunman who's who's trying to eat he
stopped there's a novel
yeah he's it outlaw dense layer and he's
trying that he's trying to live a
straight normal
life and he's working on a farm and and
being a good guy but it's hard to break
out of the mold of what have you've
lived your life so he you know he's got
to save the farm the only way he knows
that do it is with his gun oh my god
then he has to move on you know because
it's hard to find redemption after after
your you know childhood or young young
young adulthood is is gun-totin root you
to outlaw rootin tootin no one told me
they'd be rootin tootin it's a great
read I don't know that the that the
movie lot it's a classic movie a lot of
people like but like the movie it's like
he's kind of an OSHA shucks blind guy
and of the book he's like this you know
dark Oh dark outlaw
he's like a Happy's a little easel he
says he's a slight man who's just you
know he's just don't mess with him guy
who just whether it's a fistfight or a
gunfight you do not fuck with shade but
but you know it's Red Dead Redemption
and he's kind of yeah but he's but he's
got you know a soft spot for women and
kids and and we're talking remind him of
himself we're talking about shame shame
rip rip dead redemption takes a lot of
inspiration from the Unforgiven which
probably takes a lot of inspiration from
Shane Shane his book is a book and a
movie mmm yeah I think the movie came
out like in the sixties the book was
written by working on know that luminize
pizza Shane
let me poke into the Wi-Fi no work
I'm forgiven is acknowledged as a riff
on shame yeah okay well great
Jack Sheaffer wrote the book published
in 1949 and before that in 1946 in three
parts as a serial and a magazine
originally titled writer from nowhere
yes we don't we don't normally stream on
Friday but we missed a Wednesday and
it's a guy we should make it up
yeah yeah I felt like it felt like we we
should make it up can you do anything of
those little flowers and mushrooms
Thanks ah blow them up yeah that's about
it that's about it I reckon
what's that thing with the windmill on
top that's just a flying enemy bless it
thank you
yes you had the Iron Giant dis I fight
oh yeah jack horse neighs Baron giant is
just good yes
what's up blue thing down there
that's a different head and if I equip
it it does something it gives me more
hearts so like this head gives me less
hearts but he reassembles faster oh yeah
so I don't know what this one does but
now I can test it out the Iron Giant a
period piece yeah well beaten it could
occur to me a period piece that's what
I'm asking that's an interesting
question why Cold War 1950s the the one
guy that you think that it's hanging out
with his mother's beatnik oh I know I
love the I like a period piece and
animation that's not exactly like a
challenge we have to find authentic
props and make sure you don't see TV
antennas in the background that wouldn't
be there or any of that
yeah but a period piece doesn't need to
be hard you know so yes it is a period
piece was enough charm of great pieces
that they were able to recreate that
time in real life isn't it I mean this
part of the charm that's not what
classifies it as a period be okay is I
guess my
is my only it's been while I'll make up
your mind
Iron Giant or was the other thing five
minutes ago we're gonna watch that yes
better time time after time yeah I
haven't seen time after time and you
gotta watch interspace only let me write
down time after time in my phone hand
otherwise I'm gonna forget about that
one time after time tell ago that is a
Cyndi Lauper song fuck you doing great
jack feel like I'm doing great
so if you get enough of those little
simply things yeah you get to restart
the level that you died oh good
is what I've learned the level that
looks the same as all the other well no
these new levels look a little bit
different we made the past when the
story could easily be made in the
present so Schindler's List is not a
period piece like its historical right
and so because because of the I figured
it was still what I kind of know is
pretty piece of I guess it doesn't
apparently a period piece is more
specific all right so because of all the
Cold War nonsense Iron Giant could not
be a period piece because that is a big
plot point it's a movie in which the
plot point doesn't need to exist in a
time period but it does is that what
they said if I'm understanding correctly
that's someone in the chatter suggesting
what whether whether that's the
definitive or only definition a period
piece I don't know I believe just
whatever the chat tells me until the
chat tells me otherwise that's that's my
general policy is the chat will tell me
what I'm wrong and then the chat will
tell me when they're wrong and then
eventually it all balance out I am an
expert of nearly nothing exactly
and I assume that someone in the chat
knows at least something on the other
hand they say a little knowledge is a
dangerous thing and I know at least a
tiny bit about all kinds of things it
was one thing I would say about Karen
it's she's dangerous I'm the dance floor
boom can't stop dancing actually I
danced about as well as I've sing and
you've heard me sing yep so great is
what you're saying
sure great great is it like grading we
dance to the beat the kind of great that
that has the e at the end ah that was
great now you're gonna now you got him
no you gotta watch out whatever says
some somebody says something is great
because they might mean gr8 ee
yeah that's some clever shit Rin some
clever shit
Wow turds of green says well it's the
spoiler for the iron giant I don't know
if I should read it
I'm not going to me an Iron Giant did
come out 20 years ago has been out for a
while but you know it's a good movie and
you should probably watch it it's it's
deep you won't regret it I can't I I
think most people who see it would enjoy
it yes your hand is still stuck in the
grea T ok the game is great GRA te o
contrarian or something uh I can see
people not liking this yeah I understand
it it's not the greatest like Sonic the
Hedgehog Sonic the Hedgehog and Pikachu
November 2016 has been great so far
ah the last Leonard Cohen
I think I'll say about that RIM I was
gonna say about that when I came in and
then I forgot about that time I got here
yeah it sucks I'm glad I get to see him
at least once
oh yeah again we were talking about
going a few zevran like a road man and
obviously we can't now yeah hmm we're
both fans I mean how do you not like
wonder cause I hadn't just never heard
his stuff before no and I hear like i-s
in my head I always assumed he sounded
like he had a musical sound similar to
Tom Waits and you know I'm not a big
music guy so like I never really see I
don't know Tom Waits because I'm a
musical idiot oh he's there's some vocal
similarities in at this point in his
line right we're necessarily his voice
is very different like not musically
yours at all no and so I hear one of his
songs today I hear first we take
Manhattan oh yeah and I like I'm
laughing it's silly like the music is is
dated and a little silly especially when
paired with his like deep growl of a
voice it's like very cynthy and
Casio keyboards and then his deep growl
of a voice and then in first we take
Manhattan he has these like doo-wop a
female backup singers and it's like this
song doesn't make any sense but it's
kind of great
it's there's a lot of variety I mean
he's like that doesn't sound anything
like the future right right I like him
for the vers lyrics I loved his lyrics
and Rick rich and I mean rich rich first
song the rich return of him that he
loved as though is everybody knows I
mean everybody knows that the dice are
loaded everybody knows everybody knows
the dice are loaded everybody roll yeah
broke their fingers crossed everybody
knows that the war is over and everybody
knows the good guys lost
everybody knows the fight is fixed the
poor stay poor the rich could get rich
that's how it goes and everybody knows
he just I yeah and his most recent album
and you want it darker he just it's good
his a lot of his early stuff was like
kind of folksy kind of sing-songy like
it's really stuff I I I heard someone
say like his first album before he
before he got his deep voice is very
interesting to hear but I just I never I
never heard him before and like I said
like Tom Waits it has a very different
musical style so I guess I always just
put them together in my head and having
never listened to them I'm sure you've
heard some of the many covers of
Hallelujah I've and yeah rich was saying
earlier I've heard hallelujah now that I
now that I hear that that's probably
where I got the Tom Waits thing because
that's very Tom Waits but well I I think
Jeff Buckley is the definitive version
of that song what's he building in there
that's my Tom Waits reference hey that's
a Tom Waits oh oh he's the one that they
say that Heath Ledger got that is an
inspiration from the Joker yeah from you
can look at like old Tom Waits footage
and that's where he's there's a yeah
there's an old interview where he does
sound just like Heath Ledger's the Jovi
oh yeah what's does he always sound talk
like that or was just like really fucked
up on drugs that interview uh no I I
think like part of his voice thing is he
got in a
our fights or something like and so
that's why his voice is all gravelly
like someone cut his throat okay and and
yeah he's big into drugs and a little
eccentric eccentric and and whatnot you
got to find this Clara wasn't supposed
to make your voice husky or deep or
something I mean the man some shit just
like Heath Ledger's Joker it's a it's
amazing I'm done okay
we can be done um but as a reminder
before we take a moment yeah before we
take a moment to thank all of our
subscribers a reminder to anyone who
subscribes to us using twitch Prime
twitch Prime subscriptions do not
automatically renew obviously you don't
have to choose us for your free twitch
Prime subscription but if you do you do
need to renew that every month heads up
which reminds me what she told me
I'd even know that I had like freaked
which prior or something do you yeah
there's a there's a ton of great
subscribers or great streamers that you
oh who else oh who else oh I get it
no there's a lot of good stream laughing
you don't have to say that to us but you
get a you get a free subscription every
month which is very nice you must click
Subscribe every month yes unless
somebody wants to write some kind of
mini program that does it for you or
something right I'll turn this off
you've got all the stuff oh yeah
there's no more tip stream we're caught
up in that I know oh good
I don't know if the tip servers don't or
we just have a guy Betty it's finding
the waybads
right at night your fucking monster road
finger oh yeah we gotta get that that is
over here bone I need to be our fucking
girl yes
phrasing rich I know what I said damn it
zing all right well let's start off with
VX one two three five favorite customer
everything went better than excrement
hometown markup who is subscribed for
twenty seven fucking months in a row our
hype man's back hey ma'am yeah that's
what it was thank you our hype man is
back artic is Rex it's my second month
subbing here now make me laugh monkeys
neon striker super max Edgar Allen hope
oh and Edgar Allen hope hoses thanks for
the fun boys beer coaster Oh missed
everyone blood on says yay two months I
went to read that I want to read the
this thing they wrote and I went down an
extra lot it's alright but beer coaster
you go down an extra-long and that's how
you fail the scantron mmm-hmm oh yeah
big time docking there done that dark
horror oh you've done that told us no
like I've like a scantron yeah you don't
know you never had a scantron do you
fill in the fill in the bubbles with a
number-two pencil oh sure yes all these
ovals that go down the page right here
if you're out of sync like if you skip a
line and your answers are all for like
the question under it yes they're gonna
get every question wrong I've done that
I've never done that
oh my god yeah in freshman year high
school when we first started having it I
mean eventually I I would just use a
blank sheet of paper and show the
teacher it was blank ahead of time I had
what helped me line it up but because
yeah I have trouble writing stuff off
like that yes do very careful doc horror
Naruto Chi a Ference No
oh no cirrhosis the trogon dream sign
dream son says hang out with prereq
makes my week it's like cereal on
Saturday morning cartoons except at
night and with beer barriers cereal on
Friday nights we do telegin for twenty
seven fucking months in a row
punk dog 26 fucking months in a row
Bunga Doug says I'm pissed as pissed as
hell over what happened this week
learning Jack hates x-men apocalypse
then fap Prowler says Jack you obviously
missed the after credits scene the
camera pans through the snowy wilderness
you hear a gentle stream running through
the woods and the sound gets louder the
camera reveals Wolverine pissing on a
tree the end thank you moving why does
he pull his dick out of his pants
without cutting it off well this clothes
aren't always out okay
they're retractable anyway you know what
if they accidentally pop out when he's
taking a whiz just go back or what he's
masturbating it'll propel back the
bigger question is how Sabretooth does
that cuz he actually has the claws hold
on why do you think he's so angry he
keeps pricking his dick ah oh right
Stryker 1 1 21 18 months in a row
Stryker come one two one says surprise
Friday stream ahoy Oh JJ cheek er stew
91 18 months in a row almost time for
any fucking okay almost from when we
were at a Pabst mansion I totally wanted
to pick up the phone in there in their
little phone closet and say oh boy
hey I'm like an old timey
they had no time he phone that they like
put in their like when phones became a
thing because that house is older than
that
stray cats 72 and strike at 73 says
peeping through the knothole and
grandpas wouldn't like why do they Park
the ocean so close to the shore only
peeping through a well what is that is
that as a song lyric no it's as long as
you're only looking through know you're
gonna get splinters doing that so it's
not likely dirty girl dirty dirty girl G
shots 26 fucking months in a row G shot
says hi guys thanks for all the great
streams just got back from India and
missed you guys keep up the good work
when I get back welcome back
Auto flag a later Tim Salmons 14 months
in a row Tim says you guys keep me
company while I'm editing videos or
writing reviews thank you for all the
free fighting video game suggestions you
welcome thank you Tim Melia newtons 87
Oh Miller 15 months in a row our Miller
says Evans Packard 2020 bring vanquish
back to PC again we have two strong
campaign promises one we will bring
vanquish back to PC and two we will ban
the creation of any zombie games and
Jack will just as a cloud for the entire
time he's at office any time I'm working
you know like obviously when I go home
I'd take the clown off but any time I'm
in the White House I will be dressed as
a clown desperately desperately need
vanquish on PC mmm-hmm
desperately but turds are green for
twenty three fucking months in a row
matured sir green says jack and wizard
review the neverending story the
neverending story
with a dragon Falkor yep ghost host 999
Meissner one for twenty two fucking
months in a row hey stick one says
haven't had a chance to tune in for a
while and boy am I glad to be back
thanks for all you do thank you Meisner
one machine gun fuck boom-boom-boom-boom
flex ooh flute flats flatus sorry
it is flatus flute that is how you
pronounce that drop that fart trumpet a
flatus floor flute violin oh I got it
that's pretty good well thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
straw we really do it's true indeed how
about how about then Trump how do you
feel bad I know we said we were still
addicts
