Dec 4, 2016
EVERSPACE
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/108994115
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/109008558
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h60mmnzRT74
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mj7-QRVZctE
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/805503452285702144
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/805564079121133569

[Part I]
hello everybody we're playing ever space
a game that certainly does not take
place in space maybe maybe it takes
place in life subspace some some kind of
alternate universe with different
physics it takes a wildly different
physics subspace these are like our
neuron but electricity firing what the
fuck is subspace the space in between
atoms
that's just space microbes bitch it
takes place in micros it's just space
what just space is still space but it's
smaller you know what it's it's in space
but it's like lower than space
how's that how's the game now everybody
thank you we could probably probably
know Mike's a fine yes game is laughing
alright the game is now well I'll turn
the sound effects down to this is
probably gonna be a lot of pew pew you
know there now games should be
reasonable so how's everyone doing
hi everybody
same old racket Wonder Woman does look
promising I fear that Schneider is gonna
poke his fingers in there a little too
much of course yes
and gonna be fine it won't be it won't
be enough to save the overall DC
Cinematic Universe because the other
movies suck so far unless well they mess
up Superman and Batman but there's so
many other good DC characters
well sure there's um there's Wonder
Woman
she's pretty interesting flash you could
get one movie out of flash you can get
one good movie out of Flash it's kind of
run really fast to do something in the
sequel he's got a run really fast gotta
run faster than he's ever run before
when he's got a run faster than he's
ever done before
yeah basically can a DC Universe
cinematic or otherwise work without a
strong showing from Batman or Superman I
won't even say and I'll say or no I mean
of course not the answer is yeah sure
that's your backbone beg boon your booth
boom like I might have worried about the
same thing with with Marvel when they
didn't have spider-man or the x-men
uh-huh but though they totally pulled it
off oh it's much to the shock of
everyone they pulled it off right they
pulled it off with that with Iron Man at
the time was not a very popular
character I mean I know this is a
controversial statement I know I think
this is a stronger roster just in
general even though then I'd know
Captain America is not a super popular
as spider-man right this is not bad
character Captain America is a good
carry yeah yeah like Captain America
Iron Man I've got a shot of course
everyone was shocked thinking then again
that's how much that is Robert Downey
jr. you know I mean besides 100% besides
just 100% well see for four decades
Ironman looks stupid in the comics yep
like he's got a robot suit and it looks
like he's worried she's got a goofy claw
thing uh-huh it's like he looks like a
it looks like he's wearing a fucking
like tights
why would you have a character called
Ironman in the comic listen for 40 years
he was wearing would look like tights by
the way and boots like he had laid boots
with with the old leg boot flap like the
leather flap but he's make a fucking
robot man right right no remember Iron
Man was a surprise
I admit it was a surprise even to Marvel
Studios who who debuted with The
Incredible Hulk
or tried to trying to debut with the
Incredible Hulk but then that movie
underperformed and ran Robert Downey jr.
was discovered before the movie they
rebooted Iron Man in Afghanistan to look
Matt I I know in recent years even
before the movie he was starting to look
like a robot costume I'm just talking
about like from your from like the 60s
through the 80s Iron Man look like man
in tights and it was dumb mama says Jack
hi what did you think of the CW DC
crossover event last week speaking of DC
man let's talk about DC let's talk about
I just did let's talk about the DC doing
their universe right and that is the
arrowverse okay fucking die already so
the arrow verse is the arrow on CW the
flash on CW yeah
Supergirl now on CW and the legends of
tomorrow on CW legends of tomorrow
well fuck is that the legends of
tomorrow is like what's because like
arrow and flash are already the B team
yeah so what's what's worse than that
like the the Zeta team you know
challenges of the unknown probably
they're the predecessors of the F but if
you don't see us though what like what
tier is fuckin Constantine on a cult I
know I don't
yeah I suppose he's different he's gonna
be very popular amongst a certain number
of fans okay so the legends of tomorrow
our cast-off heroes from already be list
show yes like true be list you're going
something like speedball smith well so
like I consider flash and arrow to BB
list heroes you know them yeah
they aren't like therefore they're
pretty popular but they're narrow yes
flash no yeah I guess flashes a man
player but I guess you are right
so the legends of tomorrow are the white
canary the atom nuclear man captain
animo not captain maybe captain atom
it's the one where it's two guys and
they fused together by hearse tire storm
nice rich good good memory um fireball
who just has a fire gun he's just a
regular dude with a fire gun captain
cold who as as you know just a regular
dude with a nice gun and Rory the Time
Lord who can't be called the Time Lord
because that's a Doctor Who fan so he's
a he's a Time Master okay and he they
travel through time and like solve time
anomalies try to saying flash is a list
and I agree with that sentiment flash is
a list you know what I can I can I can
agree with that DC is a list you got
Batman Superman Wonder Woman Green
Lantern the flesh sure you know what I
can be with them I'm gonna be okay with
that I'm gonna be okay with that so
that's that's the arrow verse arrow
flash Supergirl legends of tomorrow yeah
and in classic comic book fashion what
do they do to to encourage other books
motherfuckin crossovers yeah started in
Supergirl
where all of a sudden at the end of a
Supergirl episode the flash shows up out
of nowhere and they're in different
dimensions so he showed up out of a
different dimension right and they're
like Supergirl we fuckin we need some
help man and super girls like down so
they go to the flash universe right
the flash and and it's an alien invasion
I have a brief question okay why are
they in different universes why even
bother with that
was it because CBS yes because
technically they started on different
networks and now they're on the same
network I can only assume that they're
going to find some sort of way I have a
prediction yeah
crisis and infinite arrowverse they will
eventually merge them yes for
convenience saying of course we're
already like the they've uh they've are
they're already starting tomorrow like
we're doing flashpoint right now we're
like we're dealing with multiple
timelines how this arrow handle this
flash time changing nonsense uh here's
the fun thing it crosses over so so the
flash went back and now viewed the
delivery coordinates on the matter thank
you
the the the flash went back in time and
changed a bunch of shit yeah and a bunch
of shit changed in the arrows universe
too like the arrows main sidekick had a
daughter and all of a sudden after
flashpoint he has a son that would be
very confusing if I were just a fan of
arrow that would be obnoxious I'm not
kidding yeah I'm not kidding
yeah you kind of gotta pay attention to
them all what am I supposed to do here
tell me to go here I see that you're
afraid
but it's neat yeah and well I think they
explained it I think they they have a
little a little thing where they explain
it what what do you want me to do turn
back all right
where does ace the bat-hound fit into DC
hierarchy footnote there's no no list at
all just footnote ace the bat-hound
occasional reference with like something
like Batman Beyond whereas dog it's just
called ace okay ace the bat-hound okay
it's footnote footnote I feel justified
there you go
okay so there's an alien invasion on
earth on flash and arrows earth yep and
they can't handle that shit so they go
to get Supergirl and the legends of
tomorrow so they can all fucking hell
what the hell was that and and it it
spans four episodes so it's the very end
of the Supergirl an entire flash episode
of the entire arrow episode and an
entire legends of tomorrow episode okay
and here's here's how big a deal the
legends of tomorrow are even in their
own episode they're like side carry yes
it's all about the fucking flash and
arrow like even in like for the the
episodes dedicated the flash like oh
it's the flash crew but the arrow is
there and legends tomorrow they're super
girls there but it's like mainly the
flash girls yeah same with the arrow
crew like we deal with a lot of arrow
shit
other people are in the background in
the legends of tomorrow episode they're
still in the fuckin background nobody
cares about the legends of tomorrow
that's sad this head it's I mean it's
hilarious they're just the worst cancel
so it was neat I really I really enjoyed
it
I don't watch legends of tomorrow so
some of the things I was really confused
about
but I picked it up and it was a really
fun episode because that's it's it's in
the air over they have fun with it flash
is a really fun show Supergirl is a
really fun show yeah
and arrow takes itself really seriously
and it's a brooding like old low like
like a hard on its sleeve like way over
the top
trashy sleazy yeah but the universe
knows it and so like the flash and
Supergirl make fun of them and it's
hilarious it's great so it was it was a
super fun time I just finished it this
weekend and and and I really enjoyed it
okay but but here's a here's a case
where they're doing it right with their
crossover stuff everybody had their own
shit first right like like the Marvel
movies everyone gets their own movie
first and then they come together here
flash actually did start off in the
error verse as a minor character but he
had his own show but it's like everyone
has their own corner that they can
always go back to to build their own
character then when they come together
it's a big event you can't start with
the event movie like DC like DC and
they're going from one event movie like
DC movies right and then like Batman vs
Superman we're going right from that
sure we have Wonder Woman but then we go
right into Justice League yeah so it's
like fuck man
event movie two event movie I said
Batman vs Superman was an event movie
that's what I'm saying yeah okay it's an
event movie and then the Justice League
is another even yeah don't give a shit
you don't give a shit but I do
all right just let all the stuff up
anyway I
I really like the arrow verse except for
a legends of tomorrow which I gave a
chance and hey cuz how does flash feel
this time-travel shenanigans --is has
wiped somebody's daughter clean out of
existence no that was actually that's a
big a big character piece this not just
not just the daughter another person to
has died because of the yeah because of
his messing with the time shenanigans
well and so like that's his big struggle
this this season is like I've killed
someone it's like you didn't kill them
they're just dead in this timeline yeah
but I made the timeline so I killed them
and so it's like it's a it's a whole
thing
school actually the real fun part of the
crossover is the legends of tomorrow
time travel as a job yeah and so like
them like talking to the flash about
like the dangers of time travel like it
all works together and someone who's
really mad at the flash for messing with
the timeline went back in time with the
legends it's tomorrow
and actually messed with the timeline
it's like oh shit I did it too I guess I
can't be mad at flash anymore which is
great you know alright
yeah it works it works because they're
having so much damn fun with it and
that's the real and they can get away
with it because DC just doesn't care
enough to fuck it up right right this is
like television we don't make money on
television let them do what they want
and so they're just having fun in their
own little corner they're just having
fun in their own little corner but one
one of these days though what happened
what a game the the real problem is when
when we start into these movies again
like we have a flash movie that
apparently is going to happen one of
these days even though it lost its
second director and the flash is a very
popular TV show and it seems like both
flashes are playing the character very
similarly
and so it's like for anyone like me
who's a fan of the flash TV show I'm
just going to watch the movie and be
okay he's not playing shit
Donal Wesson's
paralyzed Aquaman's solo movie
hahahahaha got an official release date
still want to see a moon night movie
that would be awesome the new 2000
series has been great Michael Shannon
has the lead awesome what the fuck would
anybody want to see a moon night movie
like what do you want what do you want
to see lame Batman you know baby you
just want to see a good Batman movie the
Marvel Universe is strong enough they
don't they don't need a Batman knockoff
they don't need a Superman knock off
either get the Sentry out of her tell
them to go home the century a century is
that mr. Brandt that's the marvel
Superman Wow who they didn't need i
guess though to be fair he's kind of
crazy so it's like Superman if he were a
little bit crazy oh that's fun you know
what that is that's just fun
daredevil was the Batman knockoff
daredevil is significantly different
yeah Daredevils got something green
arrow is the Batman knockout shit oh
shit
Oh a lot of the early DC heroes were
millionaire playboy yep Sean says Sean I
don't understand my flash catches so
much shit for travel traveling through
time when there is an entire team doing
it on the regular the other flash
already said time was impossible to fix
well the the other team has a like a
code of time ethics where they go back
and like they fix aberration there
they're like quantum leap yep you know
like they go back in time to write
something that got messed up all right
all right right and like that like
they're not when something gets messed
up that's the new normal this time has
been altered right but we're they to say
there are they to say which timeline is
more valid they're the fucking time
masters man the time dictators yeah the
time at the time tyrants yeah yeah
someone could see them as that rich and
some could see them as that absolutely
but yeah
playboy millionaire Clark Kent I said a
lot of not all of settle down people
yes settle right the flock down you know
that was one of the reasons why I've
always like gravitated towards
spider-man in general was you know he
was the anti Superman I was like that
about him the anti Batman is just the
anti DC shoot the radio says hey guys
question for Jack I'm Jack how are you
liking the PC built have you used it for
editing work yes my 2011 MacBook Pro is
showing its age and I'm tempted to just
build a PC for editing / gaming I have
not used it for any editing okay I'm
just gaming just it is and that was what
is happening with my oh shit just gaming
cuz that was its purpose
so I is running great for gaming but
like that is it I only use it for gaming
I still use my very old at this point
2000 and 2008 iMac for editing which
which works great my Mac works great for
editing
maybe one of these days when the iMac
goes kaput I'll try it I bet it would
edit very nicely because it has an
amazing graphics card so we'll handle
that footage great but really for
editing I just prefer the the interface
of the Mac I I know how to work make my
way around and a Mac very easy so for me
it's the operating system over the the
actual hardware which is horribly
outdated at this point also like with
the videos that I make I'm not working
at anything like ultra 4k or 3d or
anything like that so it works it works
just it doesn't like you apparently not
do we have any plans to stream a Star
Wars game before ro1 oh yeah all of them
all the Star Wars games
we're do we're doing that we're doing a
whole rug one's not that big a deal to
me I think I knew there was the force
awakens but Ritchie won't you fucking
love Star Wars I love Star Wars it's the
best thing ever um none of us saw Jack
have you seen Noah yet no fucking hell I
have not I still have the blu-ray on my
desk and I really want to see it and I'm
really upset that I haven't seen it yet
you know what I did see into the shadows
where we come from the shadows the the
mockumentary about the vampires starring
the guy from Flight of the Conchords
okay it's a it was like this indie
comedy that came out a couple years ago
into the shadows or we're from the
shadows the the interesting thing about
so it's like a it's like a screwball
comedy yeah made Anna mockumentary style
about this like group of vampires in
modern-day New Zealand okay and it's
funny I thought it was very very funny
the director
and the guy who directed it and stars in
it what we do in the shadows thank you
you monster and cinnamon and what we do
in the shadows the director and one of
the stars of it who is very funny in it
and very strange is now directing thor
ragnarok okay he went from indie
comedies to thor ragnarok there's a knob
jump that's an odd odd jump rich this is
what I'm saying
so let's impress somebody right right
well you know what did the movies is
very solid I know he's done more in
between there but mostly just comedies
indie comedies he did this movie called
the shark and the eagle also starring
one of the flight of the conchords guys
and just a very small indie comedy wrote
one will be worse than force awakens'
count on him why would you say that so
I'll let it's super hyped about it in
general the trailer looks pretty good
for Row one yeah and you know it's
probably not gonna be a beat for beat
knockoff of a new hope yeah that's that
is very true wrote one very could very
easily be a lot better very easily
oh you're not having it
oh never mind
yeah I agree I agree looks a little more
interesting that rogue one
the ending was reshot it's happened
before in good movies good movies have
had reshoots that doesn't inherit learn
me in anything other than they're
interested in making it better that's
all that means
yeah it will means they they something
wasn't necessarily working and they're
trying to fix it could be good could be
bad we don't know my only concern is
that everybody in rogue one has a who
can have the noblest death competition
that's that's quite possible I like that
okay is it to die for that's great
did you die
oh darn there did space cop have reshoot
space cop was being rewritten as we were
making it
yeah reshoots would imply that which
meant we had the budget it was
constantly being Rishabh or rewritten
though constantly oh fuck Wow well that
was a terrible run gobbled the excess
rich you do a Black Friday sale for 221
I will tip if you play Final Fantasy 15
I am lost and confused with this culture
like fantastic beasts bad Santa - who
makes these things I will be doing no
Black Friday sale for for final fantasy
streaming because I do not want to play
Final Fantasy vari you've already said a
black you've already said a Black Friday
price nine ninety six six four one yeah
I don't know what else you're looking
for that if the deals are already in
front of you man there's here's the
cycle of hate that goes on in in the
prereq streaming world people ask me
about a thing I don't like yo that they
know I don't like when I say no I don't
like that they get into dignity and they
keep harassing me about of that until I
get irritated yeah and then they claim I
don't like anything seems right so I'm
just going to ignore any could have
talked about Final Fantasy from here on
out great I love it
great I love it I press the wrong button
again turtle devices all right some Moon
Knight he has a paranoid schizophrenic
who often jumps into entirely different
genres the last comic he was a detective
a movie star and a future space pilot
fighting werewolves I've heard good
things about the new moon night series
yeah this
mm series I've not read it yet just cuz
I haven't been able to get around to
shit lately but I have heard good things
what video game does rich like the 999
I've talked about that you don't like or
haven't heard of so you don't care or
ignore it and forget about it
right Kevin's FTL XCOM thief doom boom
fucking tie fighter Jesus Christ the
Mario Brothers the police quest series
which we've streamed and played and
loved you kind of dug Dishonored 2 a
little bit Master of Orion shit dog of
rocket League fucking FTL come to the
necrodancer jeez these are just games
that one of the Endo's No More Heroes
but I don't like anything oh that's true
yep shadow of Rome you even like that
shadow of Mordor right oh yeah this one
yeah but you know what rich you know I
just wish you you know you could admit
that three of the Arkham games are great
and one of them's pretty good yeah even
the one you know that had a lot of down
points was pretty darn good no a lot of
down points but I hate everything
because I don't like Naughty Dog games
or JRPGs so I hate everything this is
the things you're supposed to like yep
no chicken back buttocks says any plans
to sell Astro droid sex toys on your
mergesort is this what Project Hornet is
no no but oh man Mario Mario your your
new drawings looking pretty good buddy
if you are listening I know I sent you
that email telling you that it's good I
just want to say it out loud your
technical drawings it's starting to look
like a real thing and I'm very excited
about it
fucking help
yes vanquished blood-borne blood-borne
ah the greatest game ever I so want
vanquished I have a fucking PC release
it's so badly I had to buy a new
Playstation 3 like a couple weeks ago
because my old one broke down and I
don't really have any other way to play
vanquish your vanquish machine bro my
vanquish machine Pro I'm so sorry
none who says Jack I'm Jack after your
constant praise I decided to watch Swiss
Army man yes I'm sorry but I thought it
was okay I didn't think it was very
funny for the most part oh the ending
made me laugh hard though wow that's
something I mean that's just my it's
it's exactly my sense of humor is I
guess all I can say that's that's the
only that's the only it's I thought it
was so perfect and especially like
coming from someone who like watches a
lot of indie movies the Swiss Army man
takes the absolute piss out of every
single indie movie it constantly tricks
you into into thinking it's about
something bigger than it is
and it never is mm-hmm it's just what it
is at face value but it constantly
teases you with like pretentious indie
bullshit and I think it's perfect I
think it's beautiful I need to see this
someday you do I really fuck you shit
communication hub hacked rate we're
hacking all the shit
we need that anonymous says what are you
two going to do a review you can do it
on the Super Mario Brothers movie yes
because video game video game rich and I
a video game video game only like video
games and here's the thing about us and
movies we don't even like movies I've
never even seen all of Super Mario
Brothers the movie I've never even seen
a movie so like we're good
I can't like the last third or quarter
of it on cable once that's all I've seen
I bet there are a lot of movies that
rich and I could talk about yeah
we just haven't thought of any if we did
yes we would I'm rich and I would do a
review next time I see him if J doesn't
see him first and mention it there's one
I kind of want to do with Jewish you
know what I think I think I over I think
last time I talked to Jay he was talking
about that one yeah that sounds like a
pretty good idea yeah yeah I know which
one you're talking about and I am all
for it ash vs. Evil Dead me and Jack
wouldn't be a crime Jay weren't a part
of that Jay loves that's more of it
that's definitely Jay that is definitely
more of a Jay thing
100 hondo percent
buster load says hey guys
don't listen to all those jerks I'm sure
you guys smell perfectly normal for men
of your disposition what it's called a
backhanded compliment oh I get it
I think I got it
fuck
running a keyword says hey Jay are all
right I've come up with the perfect
torture right rich will play the
turn-based RPG south park the stick of
truth and use anime princess Kenny
meanwhile Jack listen to the audio lol
human misery yep yeah that's exactly
what that sounds like that's exactly
what that sounds like human misery
ash vs. Evil Dead is a great show but
Hollywood needs to stop the zombies ash
vs. Evil Dead that's that's not
something that Deadites are not some yes
as far as president Jack is concerned
for those who don't know president Jack
has Esme de as made an official pledge
to to put a an end to zombie video games
you know you know you I guess you could
argue that zombie television shows and
movies are part of that and Deadites do
not count as enough they taught it yeah
they have motivations besides just you
know eating good flesh though they don't
mind eating human flesh right they're
having fun don't like gremlins in a way
yeah sure in a very vague way they're
like gremlins I just want to have fun so
fun for them is torturing people
gremlins is just there doing things that
people do and destroying shit right
grandma great I think gremlins are a
little more mischievous yes I wouldn't I
wouldn't categorize that I think it's
quite clear though that there's a
mischievous streak to the deadly dad I
it's what they like fucking with people
oh okay little baby don't say cuz they
do shit like that yeah I'm with you
gremlins vs. Evil Dead what did I
gremlin could be fucking power talk
Billy Peltzer fighting Deadites mmm-hmm
at what point not knowing any better
wood wood ash try to fight the gremlins
by like dousing them with a fire hose
take this yes sends a bitch that would
totally happen though that would are you
kidding that's what wood started he
would be drunk the gremlins and is
dousing with the hose don't worry guys I
took care of those little asshole
I seen the key and peele sketch for they
pitch gremlin suit yes I haven't it's
great but it feels great well it's fun
structure this is a fun Spacey structure
any treasures in here
spacey structure you look like a thing
that would have treasures oh there's a
treasure
the time extender
maiden laught up says hey guys getting
out our Christmas movies here and I'm
wondering what are your favorites
mine is a Charlie Brown Christmas lol
fuck my cock and have a great stream
what's the question favorite Christmas
movies so many Scrooge's up there
Scrooge is great recent years have
become quite fun if it's a Wonderful
Life
oh yeah to me
TNT eventually did run it into the
ground
but I used to really love a Christmas
story oh yeah
for me it's Christmas vacation yeah I
make a point to want to Christmas
vacation every single year and it's die
hard and gremlins ha ha ha ha look the
Christmas movies with their action in
horror movie ha ha
I get it now they don't count no they
don't count you know what I was talking
about with my children today and a movie
that isn't a great necessarily a great
movie but is a really good family
Christmas movie is the Santa Claus yeah
not a great I mean it's it's a corny
movie right I'm not saying it's a good
movie but like that was fine you're
talking about Christmas movies crying
out loud
this is what I'm saying like it's great
kids movie the Santa Claus I was just
explaining what the what the premise of
the Santa Clause was to my children it's
a horror story right he killed Santa
Claus I said it's a normal guy who who
accidentally kills Santa Claus so he has
to become Santa Claus but he's kind of a
just a normal guy and like what does he
have to be Santa Claus permanently or
it's just like like every December until
he dies just until he dies well every
December yeah okay but he hasn't normal
life otherwise yeah okay that's it
that's the fun build-up of the movie is
like him and his normal life and all of
a sudden he gets inexplicably fat yep
and his hair all of his hair turns white
you know that's the comedy that's the
comedy
a movie that I've liked after December's
over does he become normal
yes after December's over he becomes
normal okay are you blue yep with that
you know a movie I have not seen in a
very long time but I have seen a million
times
yeah is jingle all the way
never seen it the arnold schwarzenegger
gas to go out and buy the one special
toy for his kids named Jake Lloyd with
Jake Lloyd with Sinbad with Phil Hartman
and one of his last on-screen roles as
the as the nosy neighbor yeah because of
when I used to work at the used
videogame store we sold used movies all
the time and we had to watch Christmas
movies during the holidays because we'd
have a movie on every every day so I
watched jingle all the way
so many fucking times we're gonna go low
risk that movies got off well I believe
it it's just been too long since I've
seen it
you guys ever play freedom force it's a
2002 tactics game on the PC with Silver
Age style superheroes not sure how it
holds up but I had a lot of fun tossing
trucks at nuclear mutants Soviets why
I've heard of it I've never played it
actually sounds great we get stream that
at some point I made a system into at
least two freedom force and I forgot the
sequel's called but I miss freedom force
versus the Third Reich it was like a
world war two themed one what that's
great freedom for us I'm writing that
down
yeah it was totally like homage in Jack
Kirby and 1960s Marvel boom that sounds
great I wrote it I've wrote it in the
list
Minuteman was like Captain America had
but he had the Tri hat oh thank that
outlasts come
shit to any outlaws yes I say homage
because I made Sons awful I think it's
pronounced don't give a shit my babe
yeah I'm saying you could pronounce I'm
okay
I'm saying you can pronounce it either
okay tomato tomahto homage homage I
believe
technically it's a homage Star Trek
question of the day yep
what is your favorite piece of trick
music I love Goldsmith's
the motion picture / TNG theme but
Horner makes a good argument also have
you seen for the love of Spock it's
great - I have not seen it I don't know
that I have picked out a designated
favorite Star Trek theme a lot of good
ones though I mean yeah the next-gen
themö has always be in my brain
yeah the classics underrated I think
it's perfectly rated where it is the the
new movies theme not bad either oh sure
man all right score I could be down with
that
there's so many bad guys Barger is the
worst version but the best theme song I
heard a lot of people love voyagers
theme song does not do it for me I can't
even think about it right now don't
don't don't
Hey sounds great no that sounds great
suggesting its majestic right completely
unfitting the show theme needs to be the
gonk everything needs to be the going
hey every every episode of Voyager needs
to be rewritten so the theme is the gong
cut you know during the opening credits
the gong could you cut to like stupid
things that have happened on Voyager
just a brief clip of Tom Paris and
Janeway's salamanders two bigs being
dragged off to be executed take all the
dumb things that have happened on
Voyager somebody needs to make new food
your opening cut out cut out the music
for Janeway to go
we can never we can never forget our
prime directive cut to fuck the prime
directive we're doing this an amendment
from the time that she got the whole
crew stranded on a empty planet they're
not that bad that I bet that by the way
Janeway
what are the what is like a list of the
dumbest things to happen in Voyager Oh
God
Janeway's brilliant plan to let herself
and a few other crew members get
assimilated what was the what was the
episode where like they picked up eight
extra board members and they kidnapped
seven of nine like their most powerful
crew member they just like let her alone
with other former Borg's that was dumb I
don't know I mean it's just all dumb
how do I do stuff again
now let's do stuff
oh shit I just fired a rocket at a
friendly well then I gotta kill ya know
I don't know he's not fighting what's
the ending of Voyager oh we cut to the
credits like right before they get to
earth that's the ending to Voyager
because void you did everything stupid
everything stupid that's why I wanted to
scan proba they they pop out of an
exploding Borg sphere somewhere in
Federation space and then we never see
them actually get to earth
Oh God Voyager
that hold that whole thing near the end
we're like so you keep making that that
anime drawing of us some wasn't offended
for crying out loud I was I was kidding
about the cat thing looking stupid
that's it looks great you're doing a
great job and keep working on it it's
fine it's fine really an animated
character of me is not gonna be
offensive I'm offended
my honor what am i doing what's happen I
belong I don't care about in my mole
yeah
we'll deal for
why wasn't he looks allowed on the
bridge that's a that's a great question
because don't you get over trapped in
the Gamma Quadrant Delta Quadrant you
gotta bend the rules a little bit except
for when we don't bend the rules because
we have to follow the rules cuz that's
what keeps our humanity rich it's all
about bending or following the rules
Janeway Janeway depending on which way
we're feeling this week the rules are
important this week I'm a stickler yep
last week anything when we had to get
home no matter what this week saving our
humanity is what's more important
saving preserving the Federation fact
the Federation I'm going home to shrink
hips Kate Mulgrew she's great actress
yeah she's she's even good in the role
the problem is the role was just wildly
inconsistently written yes and then you
got to have characters like Harry Kimber
they never even tried to give him a
character yep or Chakotay where he's
ethnic that's enough that's enough he
doesn't need any more character he's got
a belief see and that's the thing where
it's like that's like the problem with
life diverse characters is like you
actually you still have to give them a
character just adding diversity isn't
enough you now you have to make them a
real person you need to end it like his
his like ethnic diversity was so
surface-level like I believe in
mysticism because that's what it Native
Americans do right mysticism a general
mysticism fuck that Chakotay some Paris
is a loose cannon who can't be trusted
Tom Paris has proven himself and we can
trust him now Tom Paris is a Lou
can and housing crazy things oh that
what are we doing what those characters
this week could be anything
wow it was a problem when when guest
stars who showed up for an episode here
there are more interesting than your
main crew yes
remember the sociopath who was on the
crew and like confined to quarters
there's in a couple episodes more
interesting than anybody in the main
cast the woman who they thought was dead
and an aliens phoner and they mutated
her to be in one of his own species and
she kinda had lost her humanity she was
in one episode more interesting than
anybody in the main crew the one guy who
was absolutely brilliant but he stayed
in the lower decks just working on some
menial tasks cuz he didn't want to be
bothered with he was a far more
interesting character than anybody else
in the main cast he was great I remember
him there's a problem when when your
guest stars who were there for one or
two episodes are more interesting than
everybody in your main cast yes agreed
get rid of fucking Neelix and replace
them with the insanely smart guy who
doesn't care enough to get involved with
things that lives in the lower decks
make him the main character and get rid
of Neelix oh man that guy was fantastic
I remember him now
the only great character was a holograph
exactly oh the doctor yeah yeah he was
great
yeah I've been detective and shooting a
big Star Trek needed more cereal course
here's the thing on Voyager when you
like lowing crewmembers need everyone
you can get an easily one of the only
people you got but you know what the
Neelix is this kind of mind miles he's
kind of under control but you never know
if that's an interesting character to
have on your show which should have been
about people in a desperate situation
struggling yes how would how would read
shrank the Star Trek captain's it's
really a battle between Kirk and Picard
yeah well and here's and I love the car
here's the problem with pitting Kirk
against Picard is it's very apples and
oranges yeah yeah there there there
there are two captains with two
different philosophies and really two
different shows you know Kirk goes out
there and he does what he thinks is
right and the card is the diplomat yeah
which honestly it's kind of refreshing
but he's not mister action hero right
the cards very interested to me and Kirk
is interest like Kirk has his own thing
this is what I'm saying apples and
oranges we're how can you compare Kirk
to Picard they're two different
characters I I'm a bigger fan of Picard
because I think these stories are more
interesting I like I like the slow
diplomacy stories more than I like go to
the planet and fucking punch an alien or
fucking alien I don't care I'll sit
heavens no Sisko just goes fine look you
ask me what what two favorites are and
it's Kirk or Picard
I respect the classic Trek maybe that's
nostalgia I don't know I don't really
care Kirk definitely veers into schlocky
action hero territory yeah and I'm a
little bit okay with that
well but you know what that being said I
like for example in Star Trek beyond
that was great Kirk
that was really fun Kirk yeah so young
Kirk is is Chris Pine Kirk finally
acting like Kirk yeah and it was kind of
refreshing yes like I said it worked in
the 2009 reboot because it was rookie
Kirk yeah
he's allowed to be a little bit of a
fuckup but when you know in Beyond he's
finally feeling like Kirk yes agree
Oh beyond a little bit captain is my my
least favorite Archer Janeway like I
said Kate Mulgrew great actress just so
inconsistently written yeah oh it's so
clear that's where the problem is it's
not it's not my girl no no well right it
shows entire problem yeah they didn't
know what the fuck to do with it or
someone that both Simon and sharp ready
Rick Berman didn't know what the fuck
you do it in because everyone who hears
about that show knows what you should do
to make it good right and they just
didn't do those things
Archer behind Janeway yeah here's the
thing Voyager is terrible but I've
watched Voyager I couldn't fucking
stomach a full season of enterprise oh
is that true yeah oh yeah I didn't I
didn't get through the first I didn't
get through four episodes of the first
season before I was like fuck this yeah
yeah here's that I couldn't even get on
episode and I made it the pilot the
pilot Mike okay there's potential here
first episode you know the second
episode this is terrible
I'm third episode oh this is terrible
and the fourth episode is oh god this is
terrible I'm not watching this anymore
well there you go
shee-it yeah yeah and you know here's
the other thing is i when when he
mentioned captain's Bakula wasn't it
wasn't even on the tip of my tongue
why are there floating turds in space a
space giant just pooped I don't know man
hey it's fucking rocks man it can't be
real space because that's not
interesting you need to ship to fly
around we need that you need to do that
I've led plenty of good space games that
don't need that yeah well no it doesn't
I could only use it once what this time
it's lupus says
where to go no where to go no I got
scrolled I got scrolled Jack where to go
this time Snooper says hey guys just got
here last night a bunch of us got
together and watched animated Christmas
movies oh the best by far was the
Christmas tree hilarious better than any
Chuck Norris movie by far when we did
that on the before which wasn't wasn't
last one that Canada yeah I was nervous
Canada Christmas episode that was the
Christmas one oh I wasn't there that day
I didn't oh I didn't see that one that
we did that what'd you do we watched it
oh well there you go
yeah watch that's all I got to say we
want you in something you want to know
what we thought about you can watch the
episode yeah it's great if it were more
realistic it would just be elite
dangerous rich yeah I enjoy what I've
played of elite dangerous right elite
dangerous actually would be a fun game
to play with a VR headset
none of us says hi reg hi jack hi
greetings from Austria where it's the
fifth day of the Krampus hope you had a
great week so I really want to see
Krampus who's all right I was
disappointed with the ending you guys
Rock
even the 7th guest stream was pretty
entertaining also lol munched mine in
spots once mine in spot was mine in
spots once mine in spots turkey burger
cells Kirk is an ideal cowboy Picard is
the ideal explorer and cisco is the
ideal commander Janeway is a woman the
Janeway is you can't say what Janeway is
because she was written differently yes
all the time like there there was some
episodes with a good Janeway in there
they just couldn't pick a direction to
go with yeah but and like vital either
direction they wanted to go with like
whether it was we are going to maintain
the Federation in unruly space that
would have been great or if it was we
have to adapt to unruly space so we have
to give up the Federation that would
have been fine and if you're doing if
you're doing we have to maintain the
Federation Janeway yeah the ship
situation has to feel a lot more
desperate than it did everything on that
ship every fucking episode nearly every
episode everything felt like business as
usual exactly
business as usual it's because they had
the fucking coolest ship in the galaxy
and it was so awesome and it took care
of everyone but okay far away from home
but things are going on like they would
otherwise if it were just at our normal
space exploring they're just a lot
further ways back to Bay but
everything's proceeding exactly like a
normal starship ship exactly
Geoff this progress reports good now I'm
going to sign off on those and you're
not desperate at all right right like an
episode we're like and I know they dealt
with this a little bit where they were
talking about like like eating real food
so they wouldn't like overuse dilithium
crystals or replicator resources but it
never got real enough it never got to
that point of desperation in a few
episodes but
most of the time those ended up being
like reversed through time travel it's
true no I laughed because it's yeah
like they mentioned how many torpedoes
the hem they can't replicate those we
have somebody shuttlecraft can't
replicate the like if they stuck to that
those numbers mmm
and like they were reluctant to do
things because we can't afford to lose
this event I mean you can do interesting
things in Voyager that they didn't do it
all yeah they didn't do any of those
interesting things yeah I agree I really
agree and that was the problem with
Voyager it wasn't it wasn't just like
there needed to be like a deck on the
ship or like walls and panels were
hanging open where they've just like
taking chords and things from from
non-essential equipment you know oh that
would be great like we're just we're
shutting down an entire level ah yeah
and then like and then in a later
episode they need to like go into the
show it's cold down here yeah we don't
run the live support because we don't
need to shit like that yep oh we must
unfortunately we've left a key component
in level sea level sea oh well I can
deck on their own ship and like space
suits you'll get the thing that
basically rich and I are becoming
writers for Star Trek Voyager fanfiction
no I think that's that's that's gonna be
our new job we hope you uh we hope you
enjoy it
Skulltula House says rich you guys may
know this but I read recently Rick
Berman hated the idea for Darmok has
since said he liked the end product can
I get a fu Rick Berman fu Rick Berman
fuck you Rick Berman dumbass it is not
here I'm gonna I'm gonna here's what I'm
gonna do I'm going to defend a little
bit of Rick Berman it is not necessarily
a producers job to get what's happening
on screen it is their job to get all the
people who get what's happening on
screen a producer is someone who puts
the people in the right place right so
it's not his job to get the episode to
understand why it works but even even if
he thinks it is his job to run the
entire fucking show he should have a
better idea of what to do with it cuz he
didn't I didn't have a good idea of what
to do with Voyager the the best
producers know how to delegate the right
tasks to the right people and you know
we know Rick's not that person
that's what we know the red epics is
just my opinion yeah but I think Cisco
was the most interesting captain he had
to deal with many other problems that
the other captains didn't have to
single-parent family man religious icon
etc yeah I'm not saying he was a trouble
character but if the question is who you
know if I rank my favorites
that's Kirkham Picard Deep Space nine is
a fine show it's thematically very
different from your standard Star Trek
though yeah that's not saying it's bad
but rich I don't understand shades of
grey
I know because you like Kirk and Picard
that must mean you hate all other
captains fucking nuanced fucking nuanced
we all hate nuance why is it that you
hate other captains rich why is that
you can't have favorites unless your
favorites are not also mine
some advice help with this Jeff Jeff any
other time would be better
game child.you cases i hate when a
series i love a lot gets dull walking
dead i thought was great after season
five though it's been getting more dull
some good apps but couldn't finish the
last one
reminds me of season eight through nine
of x-files yeah
because x-files they were doomed never
to be able to resolve their gigantic
overarching plot mine why my that's why
what i've seen and liked x-files it's
been it like a standalone episode yeah
it's it's tough when something peters
out though you know you want it like
Seinfeld right Seinfeld was like we
don't want to Peter out we're fucking
ending on our terms so many shows like
Walking Dead they've just fatigued
themselves and but they they keep making
money and they have a whole thing with
The Walking Dead and they're and they're
just petering out if you're writing some
kind of adventure kind of action II kind
of show yeah and you have a larger story
so you just stick to an arc and not you
gotta keep going and keep going keep
going come on and keep gog like
beginning middle end and you just tell
your story it takes maybe takes three
seasons maybe takes four right you said
I'll do what you had to do was like you
usually as far as like show runners are
concerned who they're there's the one
season the three season and the five
season plan yeah before a show is like
Greenland yeah like can we get hum you
know and what is it it's like you need
you need five seasons for a show to be
in syndication yeah and that's easy
money for you know cuz you can sell that
all these cable networks now right maybe
if it's even three seasons for
syndication it's something very it's
something a lot smaller than you would
think
mm-hm I prefer the season story arc like
here this season this is the story we're
gonna tell it you know from the
beginning of the season to the end of
season yeah it's all yeah that works I
think that's the way to do it you could
have little seeds here in there but one
season story arcs is where it should be
and no nobody else likes show they think
it's too silly but that's what the
librarians does you
it's a silly enjoy I enjoy it I love
that I love that you enjoy each season
is like a self-contained thing and it's
great that's great
yeah it's silly it's cheesy yeah it's
fun though like I'm worried that
eventually ash vs. Evil Dead is gonna
fizzle out yeah yeah I I'm like I said I
I don't even know if I've seen any of
the new season yet I've seen like the
first two or three no I'm gonna wait and
watch the rest of unsetting yeah it's
like I got to the morgue and it was the
best thing ever
the morgue is the best thing ever I
don't even know if I've seen it yet oh
yeah wait I did I watched the pilot and
the pilot was alright pilot I mean
though the first episode of season IV
the pilot is great for the first episode
of the second season
it wasn't anything too special right
some good things happen okay after that
I'm sure they do so I'm with you I'm
going to just kind of just kind of hang
out wait and binge I'm super excited
tonight actually is the season premiere
or season finale of Westworld so I'm
super excited to see that tomorrow
some of the fucking West world twists
and turns all around what a fun show
that Westworld you like twists you like
turns fuckin watch West world it's crazy
oh my barians is so unfunny well it's
not really a comedy it's just kind of
light action-adventure well I did
venture for that action it's not trying
to be a comedy so yeah no it's not funny
yeah it's not funny but it has sometimes
it has humorous moments rich so it must
be a comedy
men Laurentiis says i just finished
playing doom and I thought it was ace
doom of Base
fuck yeah I saw the sign motherfucker
and that sign said we're shooting some
demons
I don't wind up my eyes I saw the sign
yeah yes thank you for the
recommendation
PostScript hello Roger Maya todger Roger
my todger yep I'm a touch ok they're two
bucks a gig I read things good and you
read it great riches not complained
about the snow I don't want to think
about the fucking snow he complained to
me about this know what I got here I
assumed you were gonna make a bigger
deal hey stream I I don't want to think
about it I just shoveled a fucking ton
of snow that's crazy
and and and salted a ton of pavement yep
it's the first it's the first snow that
has stuck to the ground yeah in
Wisconsin and yep it's fucking awful
folks get your shovels get your snow
pants get your salt for those who don't
live in cold climates uh it's very
important to lay rock salt down on the
ground to make sure that ice doesn't
form like on your sidewalk I could see
if someone who doesn't deal with snow
constantly just being horribly confused
by what salt means you do hide the
chances anyone watch roam great show too
expensive so they ended after two
seasons I've seen season 1 of roll but
oh god we're almost fucking good yeah
yeah but it's like by the way that's
great if it's too expensive because you
get to fucking solid seasons and then
have those producers make something else
I haven't I have not seen season 2 I
need to watch season 2 but we're season
1 of Rome is fucking rock solid nice
that's great
Anonymous is rich she really give
enterprise season to a second chance it
was pretty good
you wouldn't judge TNG by season one
either would you lol see if I can do
this I think they're just making this up
I don't think this is an actual word
happed
Gish Lex of your care MIT meinem needle
votes I hope that's real it sounds great
Anonymous is you guys more excited for
an uncharted spin-off for last of a
sequel really excited for but yeah the
best thing ever how long how long have
we been streaming what's up time how
long did it take someone to bring up the
last of us we should have we should have
started a pool how long it would take
see you bitch about me not liking
anything but you constantly asked me
about shit you know I don't like what's
it's not fair what's the up time someone
up time how long how long did it take
our 18 minutes 1 hour and 18 minutes
before someone mentioned the last rich
this game that you didn't much care for
and constantly refer to as shit gameplay
is getting a sequel
what are you ready to say about that
it's getting a sequel ok girls I don't
much care about it because then you know
I don't care we didn't care about the
first one it's good for you I'm glad
you're excited for example but what do
you want me to do they I think they were
hoping for a bigger yeah other people
enjoy it I know that and so they make a
sequel that's that's good for you know
right I think they wanted like that I
think they wanted like a rich Evan are
you are you surprised they made a sequel
The Last of Us
I mean who saw that I think I think
surprised only because I haven't heard
any murmurs of it you know usually
something like that you'll hear about
yeah like as they're making I mean I
guess maybe just because I don't really
care about the last of us in general
that uh that I didn't hear any other
murmurs but I wasn't going
future famous person says just beat FTL
for the first time and I feel like I
should apologize for bitching about it
and other games seeming boring right FDL
FTL's real kick butt you know I could
see that if you either didn't play it or
kind of sucked at it and like lost all
the time like oh this game is boring I
could see I can say one person could
feel that way but the red epic says jmo
again but ds9 is definitely a Star Trek
show though it does have a different
backdrop maintaining ideals even during
a horrific interstellar war in the pale
moonlight is one of the best episodes in
Star Trek I'm not saying it's a bad show
I like Deep Space 9 you in fact rich you
have defended deep space 19 because I I
couldn't watch much of it after next gen
because it's a very harsh turn and you
have often said oh you know I like that
Deep Space 9 it's a whole different kind
of Trek you have been vocal about your
enjoying of Deep Space nine Star Trek as
I see it is a hopeful vision for
humanity's future yeah where we will
overcome our problems on our own and we
will solve you know hunger and poverty
and war will be a just a dead thing yeah
they even refused to call Starfleet
military organization right
wars were as dead this is a bright
future that we can all look forward to
yep
Deep Space 9 is about the breakdown of
all of that of all the good this utopia
that humanity is built up and and their
belief in peace and harmony and
diversity has has broken down and failed
them war is inevitable we cannot win and
we need the wormhole gods to save us
deep-space mode is automatically a very
different beast where you can't trust
things cuz shapeshifters are everywhere
yeah yeah Star Trek is about hope Deep
Space nine is like a horror
it's a Stephen King horror novel with
some of the trappings of Star Trek
those wormhole gods have to save us
because humanity we can't do it we're
worthless
yeah maybe that's why I never really got
got into it much because it was so it
was such a harsh departure from
especially from next gen mm-hmm so yeah
I never really got into it have you guys
talked about the Deaf standing trending
trailer yet as soon as I got into the
studio today there were there were two
things that I needed to make sure rich
saw because I knew they were gonna come
up yeah and one of them was the death
stranding for what what's with that name
I don't stranded I don't know I don't
know what what kind of fucking game it
is no one knows what kind of fucking
game it is it could be a cooking
simulator for all I fucking know it's a
it's cook it's a Cooking Mama three
could you just make some fucking music
videos and get it over with
these would be great music videos like
Jesus Christ I'm like experimental
experimental electro indie bands and
yeah make it make some sweet-ass music
videos I can't talk about death
stranding because there is there is
literally nothing to talk about
right it's it's a series of images that
it's Kojima's arty-farty bullshit 100%
here's something interesting I I watch
that because I watched a little bit of
the PlayStation experience live mm-hmm
their little presentation and you know I
have a PlayStation 4 and in general I
like PlayStation I like Sony I like what
they do so I watched a little bit of it
live and I'm see I'm watching this death
stranding trailer I'm just saying why
does Kojima have someone that looks like
old Guillermo del Toro in his in his
trailer like what a weird thing thing is
that like that person who's carrying the
jar baby
looked to me a lot made me want to throw
up like an elderly gamer those were
here's the fun part that was Guillermo
del Toro famed director Guillermo del
Toro is
like just hanging out with Kojima doing
kijima shit neither of those trailers
tell me anything and I really can't talk
about it because I really don't know
anything about the product other than
the Kachinas is just weird right
what if someone could tell me what type
of game death stranding is going to be I
mean I think I would offer a cash prize
you can own based only off of there
should be a competition right what kind
of game is trending and you have to show
your work show you based off of the game
trailers alone how can you possibly
deduce what type of game this is and you
can't you can't that's the fun part
masoor tough some sort of tactical
battle game because like the the villain
from Doctor Strange has his little
troopers has his skull troopers those do
look neat I'll give it that
ya know I even like some of the visuals
like the idea that he had his little
commandos like am Billick accorded to
him visual but yeah I don't know what
kind of fucking game it's gonna be but
more importantly rich Jar baby did you
get the symbolism the red epic says PS I
know you love ds9 I'm just poking the
bearer
you guys are fantastic keep up the great
work I'm always hyped when I get to hear
trick talk lol thank you thank you very
much for that tip that was the recent
news about the what's the new one Star
Trek forever
Star Trek infinite OH is there new news
on that no no all I know about the show
is that the ship is really ugly yeah
that's the only thing I know do you know
I almost say there was news worse like
some one of the famous writers of good
episodes said he was gonna be a producer
and really he's only a producer name
only he's not like really doing anything
for the show mm-hmm yeah I don't know
it's a shitty overwritten game it most
likely deaths stranding will have some
decent gameplay elements and in a
completely separate room unskipable
cutscenesthat's what we will get yep he
will he do the stealth angle will this
be a flat-out Metal Gear 7 or 6 or
whatever the wrap what you see around
you is the remnants of the conflict
between the Colonials and the oka first
contact led to an escalating series of
misunderstandings let's just put it that
I see yeah that's what it's I mean it
could be I it may be a little more
military I have fucking I just have no
fucking idea you play as the jar baby
you have to crawl around and interact
with famous Hollywood types because
kijima loves movie so much that he's
just sucking all their nuts anonymous
says Richie might be interested in
Rommel titled pushing ice by Al Reynolds
it's about a spaceship crew getting
stranded and surviving on a massive very
alien object moving out of the solar
system it's gotta get very cold after a
while what was the shows it's space 1999
I forgot the name your own fucking space
1999 or the show was about the moon
getting knocked out of orbit and they
were going through space on the moon
what's that's that's great
the park Kennedy says imagine if
Enterprise had been about humanity
figuring all those problems out or at
least using that premise as a backdrop
instead of just jumping past it instead
we got regular Trek but before yep
exactly
just a show about how replicator
technology changes the fucking world you
know and do something there right that'd
be cool
yeah
and then of its
if you want to hear some arty-farty
bullshit about death stranding read
Kojima's explanation about how the game
will be played death stranding is about
ropes instead of sticks did you have any
favorite LEGO sets growing up I don't
have any particular favorite set I
always loved the space ones though thank
you
spaceship spaceship Benny Benny from the
lego movie it was a great joy to me it
was that was me playing with LEGOs Oh
Benny that's heartwarming
it's goddamn heartwarming I don't know
how many Legos I had when I was a kid
I'll be honest with you they had an
episode with the guy who invented the
transporter there was one goddamn line
about the morality of it yeah yep that's
the center prize
sounds like got a prize line No
hey what is your favorite era of ship
design from Star Trek the original
series the movies next-gen Deep Space
nine a Voyager the original series I
mean not the original series I mean the
the the movies based on the original
series the enterprise refit is my
favorite science fiction ship of all
time visually more than visually
actually that ship is just awesome I
have no strong feelings about about a
different enterprises I will be honest
with you I don't care that much about
know I'm a favorite if it's ugly I don't
like it there any you think are ugly I
think the E is an ugly piece of shit
which one's the and the the one from
first contact the one that looks like a
fucking shovel had sex with the Voyager
you know I like overall like I like the
look of the Voyager
another thing that Voyager really fucked
up was very early on in the series they
they kept talking about how like the
Voyager is this battleship right
I mean fucking sexy ass battleship we're
not meant for long-term space
exploration she's gonna go wrong with it
and then they never address it but I
always I always liked that idea of like
we they say was a battleship the
enterprise wasn't big on being were like
I doubt they would have had a line of
dialogue about it being a bad the reason
that Enterprise went on this mission
were they were the only ones that could
maneuver the electrical storms because
of their new fucking battleship and I
always really loved the idea of someone
like who's got a Ferrari you know but
now they have to live out of it now go
sleep in your fucking Ferrari I think
that's great
so of course that never really went
anywhere with the show but
I like that idea surprises me that
people like look at the enterprise-e and
that is my least favorite out of all of
the enterprises
yeah I just don't have a ton of strong
feelings about I you know the the old
one is just old
so the original the original series okay
so it's even hard to form an opinion on
Alan because like tractor-beam what the
fuck welke b85 says hi Jan are are there
any current plans for future Star Trek
content with rich and Mike no current
plan so could always could happen at any
time
also just watch a TNG episode when
Picard catches crusher having sex with a
ghost season 7 was off the rails
TNG ended at exactly the right time TNG
starts like fucking those of those
random come and ever it was an accurate
comment that's what makes it extra
hilarious right go TNG starts off really
low yep I know Tiberius Kirk of the chat
disagrees with me I say at least half of
season 1 is crap and the other half is
mildly ok gives out a pass but then it
gets a lot better with two three four
five six and then seven eight they start
going down there right when they start
going down the hill they end of the show
wow they timed that perfectly no no I
didn't
I did not mean to do that I'm very sorry
best of both world and of descent who
watches the Watchers in her light sex
with a ghost
we have seen the guardians of the galaxy
to Trevor yeah it's a fucking awesome
trailer grey trailer if the if the movie
doesn't have a terrible last act like
the first one did it'll be great my
major problem though of the Guardians
the GAO says I can't stand that last act
and you know I can really lame it's a
letdown I can be up with you like the
ending of that movie yeah
his gut is awful I enjoy a lot of the
last act though because I think the last
act is very star-lord there's space
criminals they need to do something
clever and crafty and aha that's clever
and then if that doesn't work as long as
they tried then I buy into the power of
friendship but how their big plan is to
crash and to shoot everything you Tet
you give me an example I'm not the
writer that's not my job row give me an
example of when star-lord did something
clever and crafty you know what kind of
guy he is I'm gonna crash the ship into
their ship that was totally in character
and completely unexpected oh I thought
the fight was a letdown complete letdown
the only letdown was the finale the
let's beat him through the power
friendship that I agree was utter
bullshit but I liked that last fight you
know like oh no you know getting getting
the the criminals to fight with the with
the cops and I will save the city
everyone it's a good guy we're gonna
work together we holding hands pow
friendship if it were Farscape John
Crichton would have tried doing
something extremely clever it still
wouldn't have worked out but he would
have tried to have done something
extremely clever and it would have been
very entertaining to watch and it would
be entertaining to watch it go wrong
hopefully that's all getting the season
then we'll get Starlog trying to do
something clever like an episode of
farce gave her he tries to have the
computer like fake them getting attacked
by somebody else and it just doesn't
work and it's fun because it doesn't
work that's great
crichton isn't star-lord though yeah i'm
Krait that's why Crichton is better than
star-lord them's the facts yo whoa slow
that roll rich slow it right down you're
saying is that star-lord is just kind of
dumb and cretin us prepared to Crichton
that's what you're saying yeah well I
think I think in the comics he's a
little more clever and crafty but in in
the movie they were I think they were
playing him a little playing him a
little simple so I I thought the the
final act was fine of guardians but man
that ending that ending was just the
worst
saved a little bit bye-bye rocket and I
guess you know movies good I just don't
like the ending yeah yeah I agree
oh no I'm just saying like the ending
ending in general where it's like you
know the variant and I guess like we're
past spoiler alerts for guardians of the
galaxy one because it's been out for
years and we talk about it all the time
but you know like they they defeat Ronan
the accuser by by holding hands and
being super friends but then rocket like
makes a bomb out of a thing and he does
something clever so at least there's
someone doing that's not clever that's
we're gonna shoot him with a bomb that's
rocket though all right all right
all right whatever I'm talking about I
just didn't enjoy the ending that's my
opinion no I'm agreeing with you and I
think I know lots of people love that
movie that's fine I'm not saying you
shouldn't like that movie I'm just
saying I personally did much care for
the ending ending specifically and I
agree I agree with you is what I'm
saying I'm with you a hundred percent I
think Chris Pratt could have been a good
choice to play is - Brendan I didn't
know what the fuck - render is you mean
that fucker from the shadows of the
Empire I don't know - some Star Wars
novel game or game that was a novel I
whatever
Lana says love this nerd talk yeah
hey Jack object what do you think about
premature holiday decorating just spent
this weekend decorating but my neighbors
have had theirs up since Thanksgiving
oh it's bullshit Thanksgiving is the
appropriate time
as long as it's after Thanksgiving it's
okay I prefer to wait until you you can
put a tree up on Thanksgiving you can
make that part of your Thanksgiving
tradition sure sure technically that is
after Thanksgiving and you know what
it's a free goddamn country if you want
to put Christmas decorations up on
January 1st and leave them there all
goddamn year that is your right
it's absolutely your right and it's also
my right to call you an asshole
yes it is but you know let your fucking
neighbors do what they want oh hey by
the way that's true yeah that's true you
gotta let your neighbors do what they
want but you can also call them an
asshole and I will agree with you if
they put their decorations up too soon
I'm having a problem this year with just
everybody and their mother having those
like projection lights on their house
and they're all the exact same
projection lights I've heard those gets
stolen a lot they did last year because
last year nobody realized how popular
they were gonna be and they were real
short supply okay okay this year they're
fucking everywhere and also last year
they had to stop selling them because
they were too powerful and distracting
airplanes this year they're everywhere
because they figured out how to make
them and they figured out everybody
wants them and here's the thing
everybody fucking got them every other
house has those projector lights and
they're the exact same ones so that's a
little that's a little annoying or it's
like you know different sayings or
something no I don't think so like a
little color variation in your in your
household decoration
man from Lauren temp says I see that my
British slang is wasted on you Johnny
foreigners anyway you're the foreigner
here fuckwad no shit are either of you
looking forward to the Last Guardian and
do you plan on reviewing it PS lol on
quirk my Bjork oh I like that one that
comes out Tuesday
oh is that coming up really soon The
Last Guardian comes out on Tuesday
mm-hmm
I don't know if we'll get a full review
we have a tentative plan it can be moved
our our plans can be moved around I know
that was a big big III game yeah I know
what do you think rich you really want
to do it dust off the ps4 basically yeah
that's the other thing
Doctor Doom adopts is watching old
streams on YouTube makes it hard to keep
up with the current end joke so what
animal would JB if he saw the which also
nice jacket eggs online they're free you
fuck hello
lol marinade my manwich get eggs online
therefore you fuck all the memes I get
those all the memes what animal would
you want to be eggs all the names
only child says rich I know you watched
the prequel movies with Mike to help him
do the planket reviews but did you watch
the behind the scenes stuff with him too
he made some great points using those
interviews no I think I just watched the
movies proper and may it I may have
watched some of that I don't if I did I
don't remember so I'm gonna say no
that's the safe bet
all right so how are you doing in ever
space I'm remembering for a while I was
playing quite a bit of very spacious and
I had stopped obviously to play designer
to and gears were full and a bunch of
other stuff that we needed to play for
the show so I've kind of fallen out of
practice and I'm remembering all the
little things now to make a good run
good so I'm getting back into it I
really like this game along this is this
is my kind of game FTL but none of that
tactical bullshit just shooting people
Fick yeah you really don't need to have
that crosshair very close for it to turn
red is it a guaranteed hit when it's red
as long as it's within the circle like
you just need to have the crosshair
within the circle of their ship it's it
kind of arcs towards them all right
don't know how I feel about that must be
very hard otherwise yeah well especially
later on when enemies become
insufferable pricks
in sufferable price
we're just out of things to talk about
we've done is that oh geez man I mean
maybe yeah we're just uh no no of course
not
come on rich you think we'd ever be out
of stuff to talk about
I showed Karen the guardians of the
galaxy to trailer yeah we got the baby
grouped oh yeah no reaction to adorable
baby Groot I was dumbfounded I thought
to be honest oh yeah I got an interest
in perkiness when she saw that nothing
nothing he didn't like maybe Curtis is
just fine as a dumb joke what those best
party trailer what are you what are you
a monster baby Gruden's and and rocket
talking about not blowing themselves up
are you a monster
also something fun we we got for the
kids this uh this Groot and Rocket book
uh-huh yeah it's like a an early reader
book and they like it it's it's like a
rocket is uh is like writing a diary of
a little adventure with him and Groot
yeah and on their adventure they run
into a wisecracking tape dispenser and
in the in the trailer what is it what is
Rocket need you need some tape and so
they're even intercrossing the books
into the universe and I think that's
great obviously a joke but
I like I'm looking forward to it I know
they're they're pushing hard Guardians
wise yeah they're pushing hard this
whole this whole star Lord loves
Gomorrah thing mm-hm
didn't they already hook up nothing it
didn't work out or something no they
never they never a family member like he
tried to kiss her in the first one and
she pushed him away okay okay and so
it's like I don't know I don't want that
to be a big part of the movie yeah
romance subplots are fine it's fine I
don't want it to take over I don't want
it to take on is all I'm saying
it looks great I'm excited to see ego
the Living Planet
everyone likes a love story jack
yeah that's what I got for you I'm fine
if you I'm sorry yeah just you just me
huh maybe just maybe it's just you that
doesn't like it or they wouldn't keep
doing it in every film that's ever been
made that is probably extremely more
accurate sorry Jen says so what kind of
Christmas decorations are you two
probably going to do anyway I'm getting
those led drippy icicle things and I may
or may not put reindeer antlers on my
car
like one of those people tree I put up a
tree yeah I put up I put up my tree I
put a egg because it's December now so
we can do that
you know what just for ease of it I'm
probably gonna get those stupid
projector lights that I just complained
about everyone but it's so much easier
you just put them on your lawn and then
just in fills your house with lights I
have not done outdoor stuff yet and I
really should because it is uh snowing
now not Wisconsin this back in Illinois
a suburb man that wasn't too far from me
versus one house that would just go all
fucking out there be shit all over their
house and it would draw crowds so
fucking fancily made up the house next
to it rather than compete just put
lights on their roof in the shape of an
arrow pointing at the other house that's
great that's hilarious
yeah we have stuff like that here like
we have Candy Cane Lane which if you
don't know what Candy Cane Lane is it is
literally just a block some random block
where all the houses on the block do
their house up mega
and if you move into that block it's
like part of the it's part of the before
you can buy a house god that sounds
awful you need to say like yeah
then you doing the house up like a
jackass and and in the wintertime when
everyone does their house up you cannot
drive through there you have to like
walk through the streets and everyone
does their house up I don't do anything
that crazy usually I just put some
lights in the roofing hours how hard is
it to find a house that's not part of
some kind of home owners association
fascist bullshit oh very easy very um
yeah a lot of houses you have to go into
the right neighborhood yeah but uh a lot
of houses aren't part of the homeowners
association fascist bullshit just don't
get a condo if you if you if you want
not to be part of bullshit because
condos are full of bullshit are they've
not owned a condo oh I have friends who
own condos and you know like it's it's
that kind of shit where yeah they don't
need to worry about like shoveling their
driveways they don't need to worry about
cutting their grass but every other week
is some sort of meeting and fees because
the house down the block
doesn't have the proper fence repairs
and so we all need to up our condo fees
so that house can get the proper fence
repairs and we need to do that so we all
have a unified condo look it's all a
bunch of B's B's s and at the end of the
day you don't own you don't own the land
and isn't that what's important is the
land ownership yeah
you know the owner counter you just own
a space you know a house you don't like
the the house and the land it's on knock
down the house if you want probably
never be a homeowner sad yeah I hear
there are ups and downs there are
there's a lot of downs of throwing away
thousand bucks on rent every bump
a lot of downs in that yeah but you
don't have to worry about like upgrading
your your mechanicals you don't need to
worry about shoveling mowing your lawn
there's a lot of shit that you don't
need to worry about dad that homeowner
is due already mow the lawn here fucking
lawn well yeah but you could pay for
that that's work don't get paid to mow
your lawn at home work it's not quite a
thousand that's an exaggeration but it's
a lot of money to throw away every month
and get nothing out of it the temporary
ability to live there you go the house
you get a roof over your head you own a
house you don't have to worry about that
you get equity in this what you do pay
that's true that is true any money I
give to read that's just gone forever
flared dip
I can die
yeah yep I'll take these
thank you
you pay a shit ton of taxes on it rich
but that still probably less them rent
it's like I said I've heard ups and
downs of renting and honam a home
ownership if you if you factor in all
the other bullshit that you need to take
care of if you're a homeowner I guess it
works out about equal except for then
you don't have the equity yeah which
really you only use to buy another home
you know I wanted those cheap houses in
Detroit live the dream of homeownership
there you go there you go rich that's
all you need to do not totally against
the idea Detroit not totally against the
idea see that tiny home truchaut I
wouldn't want to live in a people living
tiny home if this stupid that's or go to
Detroit and buy a house for like 12
bucks
mama says hey rich and jack-high a
wracking judge I understand disliking
pineapple on pizza but what's wrong with
Canadian bacon on it it's also terrible
is what's wrong with it
Canadian bacon is terrible in general no
there's a case to be made for it you
know I can eat like Canadian bacon and
other meats I would assume not have
Canadian bacon you should give me the
other meats I'm just saying like there's
an argument for Canadian bacon that I
can see pineapple on pizza does not make
any goddamn yes all right all right
but yeah you want to put Canadian bacon
like Canadian bacon bacon sausage you
know like that'd be fun that'd be a fun
combo it's just him I don't like him
that's weirder that you don't got Mike
ham I don't like him I'm sorry that's
strange
ham is delicious cheese shot says hi
jack rich if nobody said yes space 1999
was the TV show where the moon was shot
into deep space the second season has
the greatest theme song ever that's
gotta be like like a whole lot of
nothing from pretty much your entire
journey if you're riding the moon yeah
there's lots of space between these
stars that moons gonna be going awfully
fucking fast yeah I believe it I believe
it rich
it's gotta be awfully fucking fast to go
anywhere interesting yeah and then it's
got to be able to slow down enough for
you to have an adventure when you
actually do get to something in how do
you think how do you control the moon
this is the real question and if they do
control them or when how come they just
don't go home with it put it back in the
fucking orbit right okay here's the fun
thing rich have you seen this new game
coming out called Conan X Isles
No what is that it is an open-world
Conan the Barbarian okay looks you get
to play as Conan or she's in that
universe you well you get to make your
own Barbera oh fuck off you can make
Conan yeah okay okay
but you could also like you know you can
also make like yourself if you want
yeah good be neat trying to know enough
about it it looks interesting
didn't I try that before and they have a
Conan MMO that that failed Oh today they
did once by the time forever they call
them well this is more of an action game
so so that's what it needs to be conan
needs to be action
but it looks it looks very very
interesting Coenen open-world game make
your own it's like the DC Universe
Online you can't play as Batman you get
to make your own character and you get
to stare longingly at Batman uh-huh
sounds great it sounds great oh oh
that's what I want I want to be a
sidekick
I've always wanted to be Robin because
then I can hang out with Batman no I
don't want to be any dummy the MMO was
called everyone is Conan world Wow
Age of Conan that seems really on the
nose Age of Conan yeah this is Conan
Exiles
and it is uh it looks alright I'll tell
you what it's very early very early in
development but it looks a little bit of
all right I'll tell you what
rockin do do to do to do to do
I just know we what we were talking
about the cone and the other day and how
much we enjoyed you know the big dumb
muscle guy fighting magic I like that
wait you'd rather play with a thousand
other Batman's no I would rather play an
Arkham game just be Babbage I don't need
to be partisan Mobile World bullshit I
don't need that
sidekick shaming yes my kicks are lame
even just the idea of sidekicks are lame
like who wants to pretend to be the guy
that hangs out with the cool guy right
how lame are you where you can't even
imagine yourself as the cool guy
so why was ramen popular the father-son
dynamics I could only assume when did
robbing you and show up 40s I don't know
well maybe earlier in that I was a few
years later a few years down the road
when did Robin show up that's it that
was just a different time for comic book
reading I I have no I don't know I don't
understand I don't understand what's
going on
comic books kids in the 40s were
desperate to be superheroes like

[Part II]
comic books kids in the 40s were
desperate to be superheroes like Robin
and Captain Marvel yeah if your kid you
just pretend you're Batman you know
pretend you're Robinson you gonna hang
out with Batman that's the whole point
yeah you had a bunch of you had a bunch
of kids who just we were just lame oh
god no I could never be Batman I'm not
that strong you don't want to be Indiana
Jones's friend you want to be Indiana
Jones no one wants to be short round no
one wants to be close the actresses name
and it's hidden uh Ellie gonna be dr.
Jones man
that's why they know and everybody had
him right ever like Bucky like even
that's like there's talked about like a
pre the early Marvel sidekicks cuz
that's before Marvel was Marvel right
by the time Stanley yo and Jack Kirby
and Steve Ditko came along they didn't
have sidekicks
Stanley actively hated them oh yeah
Brock kept murga back that did not bring
Bucky back yeah
what
I was unaware that they actively hated
them nurse
all right great
don't what about Bucky's arm oh there we
go thank you
you know what that's the important
question you guys are asking the
important questions here's the real
important question is who started the
trend of the sidekick have you mentioned
was Robin be my guess he's almost almost
certainly Robin he's the most well known
so I ventured to agree with you and so
then were all the other ones just
desperately trying to get some of that
sweet Robin action yeah what happens
really poppy with the kids popular we
want to be like Batman right oh right
and you said say like what made Robin
popular that's a good question I don't I
don't know I never I never got Robin I
never liked Robin
I'm glad when he's not around
it is important and I will say this for
any for any hero to have someone to play
off of right and so does having a Robin
around to make Batman more cool it says
he's more competent isn't that important
for Batman Batman could be quiet and
just kick-ass he could that's entirely
possible but for how long
he needs they need to talk to James
Gordon for a bit it started the
adventure and then he goes off and then
he's cool that's all you need
I you know I dig some of the the
paternal stuff as far as Batman is
concerned with Robin oh you're damn
right exactly and I you know there is
some some of that good like you know
you're not ready to go out and fight
crime but were you ready when you went
out that's different
that's different I went out cuz I had to
I love that parents I died my parents
died to Batman
oh fuck you're right that's that's my
little Batman Batman
you're welcome everyone for treating you
wasn't it great in Arkham City where
Robin shows up for like a minute and is
summarily told to go fuck himself by
Batman yes this is great
wouldn't want I'm getting in the way for
the whole adventure be annoying
Batman has that's a man from Mount
Lorenson alright
Batman has Alfred Pennyworth and Jim
Gordon to walk off work off of Oh Robin
is Sifu Forrest employ first two thrusts
super superfluous that's it thank you
Bethesda did you know that bethesda
didn't make decided - oh Jesus Christ
they owned arcane I didn't I didn't know
everyone was gonna fucking freak out
where you were even even though like
Bethesda is the first name you see when
the game they didn't make it I just
wanted to make sure you knew that
yeah yeah
we've reached space lightning rich we
made it we made it to space lightning a
lot of people angry that I I said that
being first town wasn't always better
than having a focused experience Oh God
and but you talked them apparently that
makes me a cook
according to somebody a what I I don't
like I don't know okay that's a
submissive thing like a cuckold
apparently I'm sorry I don't understand
people Jack you shouldn't you shouldn't
once you once you start thinking you
understand people that's when I get you
yeah well nuanced rich we talk about
this all the time we had a nuanced
conversation about dishonored too and
while overall you recommended it and say
you said you liked the experience even
though it wasn't necessarily as focused
as you would like yeah all they hear you
chuckle you cuckold you you damn
Internet and you damn Internet in you
and your blacks and whites rich and I
want to talk in nuanced we want to have
a conversation
and take what you I will eat your
innards and then I will feast upon your
riches Tomic mousetrap says sonic
mousetrap Robin is popular in spite of
being Robin every one of them has turned
into another character eventually
Nightwing Red Hood spoiler Red Robin
Damian will - eventually that's an
interesting thought an interesting
character in spite of being Robin I've
heard some arguing arguments for
Nightwing being a good character Damian
is the son of Batman right he's him and
Damian's a weird character
I don't like Damian Batman's biological
son as raised by insane jenna sidle
assassin assassins right Yeah right I
know that it's too weird for me it's too
weird it's comic books man they're all
that's all that's what they that's all
man that's their whole deal they're just
weird every single one of them man just
like what kind of weird shit we want to
write about today I don't know this
guy's got metal bones fucking go I don't
know he's like a super strong guy
creighton and he can fly and shit great
he's got laser eyes wait what and you
can also uh x-ray vision what and wait
what yeah that's him go that was
Superman I was talking about right there
if in case you didn't know he's got a
lot of weird powers
a lot of weird powers is obtained over
eight years that there are Superman
yep you know what rich what okay I
really enjoyed this game I know you do
that's why I suggested you play it
that's not a planetoid under you I think
yeah like a gas giant yeah yeah being
very close to a gas giant that's neat
yeah it's got nice visuals I can't go
down to that planet you know I don't
really want to I want to just hang out
in space so I got that going for me you
know space just looking at every skate
ever space makes me regret buying no
man's sky oh sorry
one of the biggest blue balls in gaming
history says connect see in 120 you know
I know they they recently did an update
it's a no man's sky did they fix it or
just an update cuz I doubt they fixed
the game needs a lot of fixing the UH
the update the game needs to be a game
there's no game that's a big big update
the update had base building I actually
really don't know what's all in the
update cuz I don't care you know so I'm
not entirely sure what's all in the
update mostly because I don't really
care so are there any other those
recently released trailers that we have
talked about it we had them all I'm
trying to think of anything else that
happened during the PlayStation event
which I did not watch what was the
PlayStation event it was literally just
a PlayStation event so they just we need
we need some hype yep
hey everyone people just want
blood-borne it was the hey look at us
event the PlayStation experience they've
announced a ton of indie titles that you
can already play on PC coming to
PlayStation as the console exclusives
which you know
if you are a PlayStation 4 owners it's
gonna be good stuff like the flame in
the flood which was a game I enjoyed a
lot is coming to the PlayStation what
else is a bunch of cool shit and some
other shit I didn't care about so I
don't know people chat what was the
PlayStation experience the only thing
that anyone's talking about is that
stupid Kojima bullshit why because it's
weird man just because got Kojima's name
on it yep
cuz it's this weird thing there's
literally nothing to talk about
there's nothing to get excited about
there's nothing to talk about yeah I
agree the skull guy looked neat but
because it's this weird thing that's
what they talk about like oh we got a
weed thing it's it's like 1980s
Macintosh commercial like what what is
this how does this relate to a computer
how does this relate to a videogame
that's it no that's all of it
sorry chin says conversation topics
there we go let's talk about the fifth
element what the heck is that soy sauce
looking thing dripping off of people's
foreheads I haven't seen the Fifth
Element since it came out and I'm not
even sure I saw it and it's an entirety
really yeah at the time I thought that's
a bit too silly for me it's great I
might like it more now if I saw it now
fifth elements is great great movie
great movie that it's it's like it's
like a like a psychic blood that's right
that's what it is it's psychic blood do
you remember it's they really don't I
really allege it Amit Lee don't oh the
main villain in the fifth element is is
a giant devil rock in space okay it's
it's pure hate in form of a moon yeah
and vaguely remember that and it has
some psychic type powers where it can
you know talk to people
through their brain and everyone who
talks to it has like black oil crude oil
dripping from their forehead okay but
they're not cut or anything oh shit yeah
just gotta kill this fuck away and it's
like psychic blood is what I'm gonna
call it okay Laura Arkon says did you
guys watch the game award show by Jeff
Knightly and how much of a shill the
show was I think I can only remember the
advertisements more than the awards also
fuck preorders award shows are
completely meaningless all that matters
is whether or not you like the thing
whether or not somebody else wants to
give that thing they liked a medal
yeah there's no reflection upon you or
your tastes it's just stupid yeah that
is a very correct rich yeah
overwatch won game of the year okay is
is what I remember from the game award
show which you know it's neat for me
just because I play overwatch so yeah
game I like won an award that's great
but well gee I'm not a fan of
multiplayer only shooters I guess that
means I'm wrong I got an award yeah
that's that my opinion is wrong I was
gonna tell you that but uh I thought you
knew it already so so then I just I
didn't feel like going into it yeah but
doing one best action game I like do
before it one best action game what do I
care about it once an arbitrary award
that that somebody who decided their
opinion mattered more than other opinion
people's opinions decided to give it
hold on
now you're just you're just talking
crazy this was I'm sure a very important
award show rich what a what award show
was it the the the supers the supers it
was the supers award rich
so now don't you feel silly yeah very
silly yeah that's what I thought
that's what I thought
great no you know it's I get award shows
I don't care I don't care about award
shows at all but I get it because it's
it's not just it's not just like
assholes telling everyone it's all about
hype generation then I still do the
Spike Video Game Awards is that what
this was oh maybe I have no idea there
there's there's there's like game hype
generation marketing right and then
there's also just general awareness hype
and that's what these award shows are is
is it's just an excuse for people to
talk about video games and it's like
fine that's fine it's it's just it's
just like hey hey games media we're
gonna give you something to talk about
and that's it
it's fine it's all fine stood shaman
says speaking of no man's sky I'm still
hoping you guys will take a look at star
flight I know it's old as hell but I
really think you'll like it
thanks man my sky oh thanks comma man my
sky okay that makes sense I know uh
speaking of just of Game Awards that
dragon cancer won an award
don't you remember that's that game
about like the guy made the video game
when his son was dying of cancer and
it's about your son dying of cancer
yeah it's like it's supposed to be like
this emotional masterpiece yeah it
sounds depressing yes it sounds very
depressing I probably is but oh shit
shit now they're mad at me I was hoping
if I just bumped into it and stole their
loot they wouldn't be mad at me Bobby I
you know kacper in the chat I actually
agree with you I have the same opinion
he says this game makes me want to try
Ally dangerous this game yes
oh very little very little yeah I don't
know why very low lose a lot about it I
was enjoying at the time I did play it
stop fucking firing at me
what's the lead dangerous elite
dangerous is a space flight sim when you
got a spaceship and you fly around two
planets yep well next time play leave
dangerous fuck fire fight space in fake
space
you're fighting interface I don't give a
fuck I fight his big space I'm fight
fucking help
and my inertial dampeners are all down
and so it's like when I'm controlling
like a controlling like a like a 57
Chevy on an icy road over here cat damn
it hold up is this a spaceship game is
it open world elite dangerous is I don't
know how open this is no this is not a
this is a this is procedurally generated
pickup not open world so this this is
FTL but instead of tactical battles you
do spaceship battles you do this
game child.you cases BS award at the
game awards is most anticipated game
like what the fuck kind of award is that
no man's sky wanted last year
I agree like what I like I agree I like
what I like doom was game of the year
for me and thank you for spring I went
black cuz fucking Windows and Chewbacca
deserved a medal and a new hope yeah
first of all yes he did Chewbacca's the
second-class citizen yes he totally is
yeah it's not right it's not fair but no
that's Star Wars for you you know what
are you gonna what are you gonna do
about it great that can be our hostel no
fucking great fucking great rich the GMB
our hostel now yeah I know what that
means
not necessarily that means the junior
high school yeah probably that will
shoot at you yes can i repair some shit
darn it
look the cancer game is important
because games are art right and that
proves that games are art because cancer
cancer proves games are art we need
games to be art yes therefore games have
cancer wait yes I want to say you're
correct but also this sounds crazy let's
dig up Ebert and prove to him games are
art that's exactly what it is you know
the big question about that dragon
cancer and I know nothing about it I
don't know anything about the gameplay I
know nothing about anything is if
someone were to play it without knowing
the backstory of the developer would
they have an emotional response to it
hmm I don't know I haven't played it
they're right I know I know I know
nothing about it
I don't I can't tell you what type of
game it is what genre it is but if it is
a game that can elicit an emotional
response good
don't think that's why the guy the kid
who had cancer made the game that's why
I got an award though it got no word
because cancer it could be a good game
but cancer also his art get award also
keep those art shouldn't speak I haven't
played the game it might be a great fun
it could be a great day from it probably
isn't made by a grieving father I don't
I don't think that'll put you in the
mindset to make something entertaining
how do you know like you said you're not
a grieving father what if what if you
play it and it's just the greatest
fucking thing it's the greatest
experience get Josiah to cancer I'm
gonna make the most fun game in the
world to be fair I think he played it
while he was dying cancer game for the
first game of 2017 fucked up I think I
have actually suggested playing that
dragon cancer on screen before yeah I
think I have and then we talked about it
you said what's that I said it's the
game where the kid has cancer and you go
no no no it's like it's gonna have a lot
of tough people talking about it - no I
don't recall this like me I think that
was our exact conversation that was our
exact conversation oh yeah yeah
right the real van says yes jack I'm
Jack did you see the guy who made a fire
watch roller-coaster and planet coaster
I didn't see that I think it was a bit
too exciting for a fire watch ride
how does this work now well so what next
time Google that when you get out and
stare at the Karen is it is it like a
slowed frame that just goes through one
end of a forest to the other and then
back again no it's an actual roller
coaster with ups and downs that's what
that's what you're saying it's too
exciting
okay it's too exciting but uh but you
know like they they they made all of the
like foliage foliage Foley yeah look
like fire watch and they they made the
mountains and okay there was a fire in
one area it was it was a whole thing
that's not fire watch unless you're
slowly going through one end of the
forest to the other terrible training
what
sorry Chen says if you all tried any of
salmon Max or Telltale's back to the
future I know their walkie /
point-and-click II but they're kind of
funny the Back to the Future game did
feel like a Back to the Future for
except Interactive Jack I don't you've
got the salmon Max's up on your steam
mm-hmm what do you think of the salmon
max haven't touched him
okay I believe they were gifted to me at
one point and I honestly have not
touched them I know they are their guns
I they're gaining their guns they are
games I should play and I just I just
never got around to them the classics
the Santa max games all right no there's
a point quick yeah pretty much yeah and
I guess I never really cared I have all
seven or eight of them and there's
always other there's just so much shit
to play this can never be overstated
that there is just so much fucking shit
to play and sometimes you just want to
play an old game you know sometimes you
play a game that you've played a million
times it's comforting
sometimes gonna play the kind of newish
game that you play with swings in
general I'm not the biggest fan of
cornflakes because I have a very short
attention span and I get bored very very
easily so
try to stay away from this looks better
than no man's sky Jack this is better
than no man's sky significantly god
damnit do you remember the battles of no
man's sky what a joke they were yeah
yeah that's like thinking about no man's
sky right speaking of not thinking about
games
I was I was uploading our Dishonored 2
episode to the youtubes yeah and I get
to the point where I have to add the the
little annotations you know like next
video last video and then you know I
find the I find the the clip of the last
one on YouTube and you know do all do
all the the YouTube stuff right to make
sure that you can click on that easily
yeah and I'm going through our old
videos and I can't find our last prereq
that's weird and so and I keep scrolling
down on the YouTube page and eventually
I get to event 0 oh yeah events it wait
a minute we did another game in between
there and for the life of me even though
I spent 20 hours playing the game an
hour talking about it in another 20
hours editing wait I could not remember
between event 0 and discerner - yeah
what was the last game we played that we
did thought about right gears Gears of
War 4 meanwhile the whole time you're
talking about it I was trying to think I
could not remember what the last episode
was that's how great Gears of War 4 was
life-changing for the life of me I
actually had to plug in my old hard
drive you're right is that asteroid an
Easter Island head ok nevermind oh look
vaguely like an Easter Island head yeah
so I had to plug in my old hard drive
and you know dig up the name of the last
episode we did because I couldn't
fucking think of it oh my G
no man's sky at least was memorable in
the fact that I hated it like I had so
much disdain for it that I can I can
remember her and you know I I wanted to
play it well apparently I hated
dishonored even though I liked it so oh
you can't rent check
you can't win how strange that you hated
dishonor I thought I said I liked it
I've got the comments I guess I couldn't
stand it weird that's very strange rich
I have a clear memory clear memories of
you uh recommending it so weird
same thing him with the Metal Gear 5 Oh
God right we both recommended Metal Gear
Solid 5 but justice good despite the
fact that Kojima had his head up his ass
it is a play ball yeah cuz you know
there was a section where you were
riding a unicorn that was on fire we
thought that was a little weird
hold um the gameplay top notch ten out
of ten well can't win rich just can't
win
Nana said hey is rich a masochist I mean
he likes
XCOM FTL bad movies and reading YouTube
comments all signs point to yes but
figured I'd ask anyway wait ex-cons like
fucking easy
maybe if you're an idiot I've been
trying it was my new obsession I can't
do it I'm trying to get through
XCOM enemy within yeah first you know
quite the first one the first one in the
reboots yeah without losing a single
soldier on commander difficulty we can't
do it jack
can't do it I'm very sorry rich I got
tantalizingly close I had the Titan
armor and I didn't quite have plasma
weaponry but I had the good fucking arm
around I lost someone on this plush it
for supply sure if I ran across just
fuck those things I'm very very sorry
but I mean like I'm I'm at a place and
XCOM enemy within where I'm trying to
get through without any loss of life
it's not that's not masochism at that
point because I it's not that hard
well let me let me ask you a question
speaking of that yeah you've you've set
yourself a goal and XCOM yeah right
because I enjoy it right because you
enjoy this this kind of goes to the
whole because I've see a lot of people
like agreeing and disagreeing with both
of us as far as the the loose nature of
dishonor to here is here is a goal that
you've set for yourself and XCOM - yeah
that is not necessarily part of it I
already did it - yeah yeah that it's not
necessarily part of game it's a
self-imposed tension yeah isn't that
very similar to dishonor to where it's
like the the rules that you set for
yourself are what make the tension oh no
because my first time through the game
that wasn't like that okay
and I don't know this is for tension
it's not for I'm not doing it so it's
tense I'm doing it for the challenge
okay I'm with you
it doesn't necessarily everything just
just for the challenge of it that's
something about long war but long well
here's that long warm it sounds like
they did some things on the strategic
layer I like I did some they did some
things with airplanes and plane combat
that sounds neat yeah I don't like what
they've done on the tactical and I don't
like the fact that there's like up to 12
fuckin soldiers now and I don't I don't
like how they expanded the the the
powers trees and you get a judge choose
between three fucking things just they
made that more complicated than it
needed to be there's a visit beautiful
simplicity to the to the vanilla
tactical combat but I love it's like
crack to me that's what I love I don't
like the sound of the changes they've
made and to be fair I've never even
tried it just because it doesn't sound
appealing to me that aspect of it
wait the next Jesus Christ shut up
already should be the original ex-con I
like I played the original XCOM I'm
probably not gonna play it on well now
I'm not gonna say never because I didn't
the new one is just replaced it
I really really love the tactical aspect
of the new XCOM more than the original
isn't that all that matters
yeah grab the Final Fantasy Tactics
people are bitching and moaning again
you know what you can do
refuses to play cuz it's not American
yeah that's that's why it's not American
yeah yeah I was unaware that we only
played him and yeah I know I thought I I
thought I liked No More Heroes yeah I
thought I did apparently I don't you
know what game I thought you liked but
blood-borne yeah yeah I thought I did I
thought I liked that too I thought that
was really fun I was really convinced
that you that you liked blood-borne but
I guess not I guess not yeah fuck's it
Tsar the end resume that's even Hideo
Kojima I thought I liked that yeah yeah
I was pretty sure you like that you
didn't like that it's not that saying I
don't it's not American so yeah I guess
they're right yeah yeah oh
rich sounds like you might be racist
oh shit I have to hate vanquish now I
have to stop talking about vanquish
three times the stream god damn it yep
yep sounds like you do
I have to stuff to the Vanquish fucking
every single episode you mentioned how
much you love vanquish you can find you
find a way to sneak it in not even sneak
it in if it's relevant I bring it up I'm
sorry it just happens to be relevant if
we're playing a console shooter vanquish
is the only one that has done it right
in my book
I mean I love that game despite the fact
that I can only currently play it with a
gamepad right it's all good I think
vanquishes it has transcended its
control scheme
has transcended its controls theme
that's
it's actually some serious praise
sorry chin says also Jack the object do
you think that winter fort will ever be
built what is winter fort and why might
it not be built those are great
questions those are great questions rich
oh I know what these things are winter
fort is the fort that we were trying to
build and don't starve together mm-hmm
will it ever be built okay okay
basically will we continue to play don't
starve together you know
time time rich time is a terrible thing
and giveth and taketh and chatez first
Karen in an RL m discussion Karen does
not enjoy a bad movies it's not her
thing and half the time when we go to
the movie theater she falls asleep
during the movie she's just not a movie
person like during a good movie she can
barely make it through a good movie yeah
and you guys wanted to fucking watch the
samurai cop get real some people are not
bad movie people and you have to be okay
with that Jan why are you so against
trying Final Fantasy Tactics Finny's
game play you like just interested since
you're a guy who only cares about
gameplay I played but I'm assuming Final
Fantasy Tactics is with swords there's
probably some sort of ranged weapon and
I know I didn't care much for banner
banner saga which was tactical combat
with swords yeah four completely
different yeah
total devices rich and Jack I'm Jack how
much for you're rich a Sierra game
stream of your choice a whatever the
fuck you are money or whatever the fuck
lawyer game with Karen potentially doing
a voice just wondering be well huh Luke
72w says Jack and rich after last week's
stream I was able to organize 205
towards rich playing Final Fantasy if
anyone is interested in contributing
please email and I'm not gonna read that
because I don't want to play Final
Fantasy - made sense how about for a
Metal Gear Rising stream as a for fuck's
sake night just shit on it just shit all
over it just a pissed off the stream and
the rest of the world lol cut my wife
passed through when I have nothing
against Metal Gear Rising it's made by
the same people who made vanquish it's
probably fun I have just never gotten
around to it it's not one I plan on
shooting on for no reason you have that
though right oh yeah I just never got
around to it I got I have a thousand
games and on the stream right now I was
in Wow fuck that might not be an
exaggeration at this point between steam
and Gog and old shit I have on disc oh
sure I believe it
I'm gonna have to resend that that final
fantasy thing what I mean
the the 998 996 I might have to rescind
that you can't you cannot can't like
ever nope you've you've made you've made
a declaration rich I will not allow you
to recenter alright I could claim that
the sale price is over though and it's
like no 2999 I know I could do that
no well you can do whatever the fuck I
want check one you can do whatever you
want to you can rescind the 996 sales
price but that's the easier one Hey then
you have to learn how to set your own
goddamn monetary limits if if you are
going to rescind it you need to give a
time yeah yeah so you can say like if I
don't receive this in the next week then
the offer is no longer valid yeah yeah
but I you can't just you know like if
they raise the money and go no but it's
over - too late that it's it's really
not bait I I legitimately don't care to
play final fantasy oh I and I know that
I know that about you rich all that and
that's why it's important to me that uh
that you go through with your promise
because you've said a bit of a
ridiculous price I feel and so if they
if someone manages to scrape that
together together it's happening unless
you want to give it do you want to give
a time period right now
in case it happens yeah like 800 people
come together and each give a couple
bucks yeah possible it's possible rich
anything's possible
Anonymous is hijack and rich any chance
you could do a first four hours of final
fantasy 15 just saw Conan O'Brien do a
review of the game and reminded me of
you too uh anything we do couldn't be as
brilliant as that Conan O'Brien bed
that's exactly what I was gonna say yeah
Conan nailed I'm actually really glad we
weren't thinking of doing so in the
final fantasy yeah because then it would
have been a waste of our time because I
wouldn't have published it cuz Conan
nail right right owned an absolutely
goddamn nail there and I'm sure it's the
reaction I probably would have happened
right I'm sure ya know our our input on
final fantasy is not needed
Brian shadow says have you ever played
the stalker games Russian first-person
shooter that will hand your asked you
repeatedly just it's Jay as his jakey as
fuck
great there was no space between the
ants and the as it says janky as fuck
but great uh what's right about him I
just haven't played it I'm trying to
think of a game that handles really
fucking walks but I still love it I'm
sure I can think of something if I'd
done around right long enough like yeah
this game doesn't actually feel good to
move Mega Man Legends make it my legit
though that's it Jake is fuck cuz they
didn't understand 3d controls yet it can
you control like a fucking tank but I
love that game and you look like Megaman
my game was fucking awesome but it's
Japanese so I hate it I play I think I
play I think I got through like twenty
minutes of that game and I had to quit
because the controls were so fucking
garbage like the worst I've ever played
this rich know about Final Fantasy 13 it
is different gameplay than other Final
Fantasy games I also don't like anime
get through your fucking skulls I don't
like anime there's a lot that rich just
doesn't like about the Final Fantasy
series in share those games are
obnoxiously anime as fuck
yeah that's true they're very anime
there have been exceptions to this the
way I said I like Batman legends that's
very anime that is very anime there are
exceptions to this it's like vanquish
that's very anime that's not that's not
vanquish giant robots anime doesn't have
a monopoly on robots they got a lot of
robots I got nothing us anime visually
either there we go see that's what I'm
getting at yeah some animes have to have
a lot of fucking robots man that's just
the enemy yeah I know Mega Man Legends
is anime as fuck it's one of the few
it's one of the exceptions
oh my god
oh my god
yeah
physics penises yeah hey rich yeah do
you see that Dead Rising one is on steam
along with two and director's cut of two
hey Jack can you say so much corn my GF
and I love that so much
thanks you fucks yes thank you for
letting me know I already owned the Dead
Rising one though the a wonderful fan
gifted it to me so I have it thank you
for your concern
Jack can you say the corn thing or no
you don't have to do anything I don't
have to do anything I though I love that
in the starter valley reviews so much
corn I better read than in the started
yeah there you go
there you go sir Lawrence's but
seriously how much for a Sierra game of
your choice stream it is my birthday
coming up and sadly literally that's all
I want
be well hey I don't know the word that's
like very whorish you know the final
fantasy thing is a joke it's a joke that
I'm afraid people are gonna actually go
through it right we we've been playing
the Sierra things when we've been in the
moon uh yeah I'm with you rich I'm with
you if you don't feel like playing the
Sierra games and don't I don't even know
where we'd go next with it that's I
think that's the tricky part right
because I worry the quest for glory
games are too grainy to have a smooth
yeah
streaming playthrough of the full game
and we've tried got a level up string
you know I'm gonna ship it we've tried
Leisure Suit Larry and didn't have good
results yeah police questioned everyone
no one was going down yeah
oh he's worse than the Space Quest I was
gonna say we got Space Quest too cuz
we've only done the first one of those
the early King's Quest games might be
just too simplistic
there's nothing I don't think is that
much in the way of dialogue okay I'd be
okay with uh with another space quest
yeah I'd love to do another space quest
that first one was magical
was a magical experience I don't care
what you donate I am NOT playing final
fantasy 15 to completion I know I don't
care what you donate unless it's four
million dollars
I'm not playing final fantasy 15 to
completion
four million four million will get your
final fantasy 15 to completion not even
a actually right no way because we could
have to split it so I'm gonna say eight
million eight million would play Final
Fantasy 15 to completion Wow rich Evans
not fucking around in the slightest not
even not even leaving that door open
oh fuck no I love it I love it
you crazy bastard eight million dollars
well like you know pay pal take kind of
that too so I don't even know if you can
donate a million dollars
we might have like a maximum limit how
much someone could donate at once
again well again what but I'll
double-check that just in case someone
wants to donate eight million dollars
I'll make sure they actually can how
about that no problem I'm on it however
you want to handle it
price is eight billion well right but I
want to make sure like if someone is
crazy enough to want to donate eight
million they can think up cuz right now
I like we might have a limit on how much
people can donate at once you know it's
probably something ridiculous like a
hundred thousand but like something no
one would ever donate anyway but there
are insane people in the world well then
then we have eight million dollars and
that's fine that's why I want to make
sure it could happen be the end of
prereq from day after that what are you
talking about
you would have to play final family
after that I don't think I can handle it
anymore how long do you think that would
take a while to play Final Fantasy two
good games are noxious ly long what we
and then 100 percent completion here
that means you do all of the things you
have to do to get there perfect to
whatever achievement you think you can
do it like what and you know obviously
with chewy change our streaming schedule
that would change you know we would
probably do daily streaming yeah yeah
what do you think a month I don't know I
don't know I'm just trying to be
practical here about the eight million
dollars that will never and I'm saying I
don't know how long it would take to do
it well let's just assume let's assume
to like a hundred percent everything it
would take eighty hours okay
probably more actually let's say a
hundred hours
so we turn it into a full-time job so we
got so we got so absurd so we got five
days a week
ten-hour days of final fantasy mm-hmm so
you got fifty hours that's just two
weeks man you can do that for eight
million dollars yes yeah and then that's
just two weeks so you know what like
fuck yeah we'll go right back to regular
prereq after that we're talking about a
hundred hour no we're talking about 50
hours a week so even if it's 200 hours
if I completing everything in Final
Fantasy's 200 hours that's a month for a
million does it's fucking easy we go
back we you know we would take a month
off after that just for rich to reset
his his final fantasy brain and then
we'd get back to it I'd solo stream for
a month rich would have to take some
time off we would insist it not and not
in by the way he wouldn't just take time
off from prereq you would have to take
time off from red letter media in
general you would be useless yep
they would ask you to put on the plain
cat costume and say fuck off and yeah
and you just say you just say what's
what's my if I take off my my playing a
costume that means I have negative three
charm and plus three attack and that one
too good as blanket I have all the stats
so that's another thing you people need
to think about is is making rich play
final fantasy to completion means that
he won't be on any red letter media
content from two months Mosley there was
a boss and Final Fantasy 15 that takes
72 hours to beat now I saw that on the
Conan thing yeah you have to pull you
have to keep it on for 72 hours straight
in real time that's fucked up man you
know that is fucked straight the fuck
yes I know I know it's not turn-based
but I've seen video of a Final Fantasy
15 and the characters all look like
jackasses that I wouldn't ever possibly
want to play as yes completely unlikable
and obnoxious like open shirts
oh fuck them abs show and anonymous says
I have watched 225 films this you and
man down is the worst film of the year
man down helps veterans like DW Griffin
Birth of a Nation helps civil rights oh
Jesus Wow I don't even know a man down
here I don't either
so there you go I have not heard of this
man down how many movies do you think
you watch this year not too many right
yeah
games yeah a lot of games
I've probably watched more hours of
television than I have watching movies
this year and I don't know how normal
that is not a lot of movies I've wanted
to see and a lot I've wanted to see that
I haven't seen yet
okay we are add nine-nine I'm gonna
stretch my legs
what is wrong with the Final Fantasy
fans why are they so insane that's a
great question I'm just going through
this and they're insane
they can't accept a dissenting opinion
I'm not interested that Watchers do that
you have to mention that the whole
world's interested in that Jesus fuckin
Christ
I hate you people
sorry Chen na Wei do you get bad Jack
well we're getting another beverage all
I just heard was rich yelling at you
nice folk for apparently been raging
their song they're terrible people sorry
Jen says fun fact I legit almost tip you
guys 998 but not even to play final
fantasy 15
final fantasy it was just out of sheer
curiosity I didn't because steam tip
glitched up in Ebru is not very bright
save your money for damn money JP versus
the world says rich Just Cause 3 will
scratch that vanquish vanquish itch of
yours sorry to keep mentioning this game
Jack have you seen super rad Raygun it's
an indie pixel art game you'll love it
super I think I believe I've heard of
super rad Raygun
shuttle illipe 5 says hey Jack and rich
have you ever played Superman 64
it's a stylistic design to be that way
game and it challenges you
intellectually visually a well visually
appalling anyways you should check it
out I'm drawn I'm assuming it was a K on
the end of that drum nope he's drawn
yeah yeah drawn man you feel horseshit
what does about us that makes people
drink Jack what is it about us I don't
think we make people drink I think we
and I think we have things in common
with these we drink like we hate
ourselves and I say that as I'm having a
drink right now and you know it's just
that's we we all we all hate ourselves
and maybe think a little too much so we
need a little something to calm my
brains just calm them brain stems have a
little beer I'm drugged
you got something here that's off the
chain
what is it these pepper tini chips yeah
like something here yeah
what does a pepper tini chip it's it's a
chip that tastes like a pepper tini
what's a pepper teeny it's that spicy
okay
it's that spicy pepper that you put like
on shit that's super spicy right yeah
and there are chips here in the kitchen
this very moment that are like spicy
pepper teeny bit chips that's great and
they're super awesome that's that's
great let me tell you know that I don't
don't do spice very well you know I have
a very low tolerance for oh well then
you would not like them I mean it would
not be good
I enjoy spicy things so I like them a
whole lot and I just had a handful so my
breath might stink and I need to
apologize for that because I'm sitting
right next to you
total ayah says all right horrors get
playing some space quest just kidding
thank you for discussing it
I appreciate your views and I don't want
to buy you guys or something if you do
play my birthday is one 15:17 be well go
do some space quest it's been a while
since we've done one of those voice
games
- well Space Quest were my space class
you have to do all the puzzle solving oh
that's right because you know last time
we did space course I want to say the
majority of Space Quest was you calling
in yeah and so like you couldn't even
you couldn't even help if you wanted to
above yeah we can do more Space Quest I
like that game
I like that Space Quest that was a lot
of fun we're low on fuel need to take on
some more
so I'm gonna say heck yeah we'll do that
what does that stop us from playing more
Phoenix right it was just like we were
going to do once I remember we didn't
what's the problem like it was like
software yeah we did have to yourself or
capture problems which are taken care of
now yep so I remember that being a thing
we had to back out of yeah we were
planning on doing more Phoenix right and
then we stopped because the DEA's
capture software was all wrong but we
fixed that so we can do more Phoenix
right anytime we feel like it it has
been a while since we've done goofy
voice yes I agree so let's hop on that
who did
you know okay that sounds like a plan
we got ourselves a plan
oh gosh my torpedo
great
I hate Phoenix right but that stream was
funny purely for witches accidental
Kermit voice which one was that what was
accidental Kermit I think you were doing
you were doing the the villain as George
Lucas yeah and yeah you just every once
in a while would slip into Kermit that's
that's just how I do Lucas versus
subdued Kermit no it was great yeah
those are fun streams
oh ho oh ho ho then classic Oh ho-ho
Kermit the Frog here in done George
little business much little dog he's
he's really he's Saturn Herman he's very
close but George Lucas worked up can
sound a lot like Kermit the Frog that
sounds about Canadian but that was your
Mickey Frog Canadian Lucas worked up
absolutely that's great that's great and
I love it more Phoenix right coming up
might not be on Wednesday it's very
possible that Wednesday we are going to
have we are something special is going
to happen that's a the mic still classic
Irma the Frog story I believe you have
said told to me that makes the classic
Kermit the Frog story but you might as
well tell it again for anyone who's new
here
Mike does a spot-on Herman o lazy you so
I haven't heard him do it in years years
been he used to do a spot-on
Kermit the Frog like it was fucking
perfect one day I was telling somebody
about how great I Kermit the Frog might
the mic just like just the best fucking
Kermit the Frog mic by D criminal it
early did it horrible just to make me
look like an ass
that's so mike groupid though I'm sorry
already
he did it in half in America okay I
could see that but you know we won't be
playing Phoenix right tomorrow or that's
my Wednesday because then I'm looking
into the still so may not having never
know you never know but just to to get
to get some sort of hype happening we
may have a special guest on Wednesday
which I'm very excited about
but yeah also maybe nothing will happen
and if we don't have a special guest
then we'll be pretty great oh that I
like that sure sure
wait wait a fuck no the special guests
will not be max landis it's a fine guess
it's a fine guest that is a fine who is
shooting barriers
oh my god yeah there's a hole there's a
whole thing happening there there's just
a whole thing I'm totally fucked so
you've got mega lasers I have mega
lasers which is very nice here you fuck
Wow that sucked
oh I do have our berries yes shigeru
miyamoto that's that's who it is how did
you out of they know how do they know
it's the guy who invented Final Fantasy
it's gonna be an awkward conversation to
say the least
I will tweet it out if it's happening I
will tweet it out if it's gonna happen I
hope it happens I might have saw but in
any case that's the plan that's the
rough plan is either special guest or
Phoenix right and I think those those
are fine plans yeah
Lunar Oregon says fuck Final Fantasy and
fuck the Final Fantasy fans
you're welcome rich also rich play
whatever the fuck you want because we
don't want another 7th guest stream as
stream was great I don't know what
you're talking about I mean it was all
right
that was an all right stream right there
I think the seventh-day string was a lot
of fun played a game people were tasking
us to play for a while I had some fun
had some laughs got some new shit stay
out of this are you feeling lonely where
should I go now boom everybody's happy
that's it you know I'm boom so good all
you want to do is the Mizzou so many
people Zooma zoom-zoom in you boom boom
and you just go hey shake your rump you
know shake it
Joe check baby chick baby 1 2 3 4 you
know check 1 2 3 4 baby check baby 1 2 3
4 check baby check baby 1 2 3
check baby check baby 1 2 this is a real
song all right great
your shield is permanently disabled that
sounds you can't bad I cannot do that so
we're just gonna salvage need gas the
most important thing in the world to me
here at this moment is gas rich that is
what I mean when rich is pissed off it
makes for such a funny stream dance
angry monkey dance
yes yes
that's exactly what I needed why my life
support system was damaged so I need
nanobot scrap compound gas okay even
repair a bit of my hole all right we're
back on it great
sorry Chen says here's another random
two bucks but about PW could not do it
on Friday because I won't even be home
Wednesday slash any other day around the
9th is just fun well we don't stream and
Friday normally so I won't worry about
that yeah but uh maybe Sunday maybe next
Sunday okay
Wednesday you do special guest or
Phoenix right yeah and if special guest
happens Wednesday we'll do Sunday
Phoenix right okay boom boom that's very
accommodating of you for one person we
were gonna play more very very calm we
were gonna play it anything I don't I
don't we were gonna play it anyway so
why not why not make a plan you know
what I like I like plans rich I love
having a plane telling people what's up
who dad won't forget $999 you know
though that takes precedent obviously
9:00 for Wednesday not for Wednesday but
you know obviously obviously that would
take precedent over Phoenix right sad
says heya so back in October you should
have gotten an embroidered half in the
bag portrait of Jay and Mike in a hoop
and I was just curious whether it
arrived safely and if you all saw it and
liked it rich is so offended that he's
leaving where's this fuck
Thanks
Oh God
I see that what is that oh that's great
that's beautiful
a hand embroidered Jay and Mike
that is adorable the lost art of
cross-stitch rich everyone likes it it's
on our shelf it is yeah it's been up
there I guess I just haven't there's a
lot of shit on your shelves that's true
we get sent a lot of stuff yeah and I
don't mean shit in a negative way I just
mean like some of it sheds some of it I
don't even get like here Helen welcome
to check out my shelves yeah there's a
lot of weird stuff over here Richie Rich
is about to show you guys some weird
stuff what do you got rich and what is
that brain powder bring pose brain
powder for zombies brain powder for
zombies okay great you guys you guys
were part of doc of the Dead a zombie
documentary so you know maybe skeleton I
think more important rich what is that I
don't know that's a very tiny skeleton
that's a very tiny tiny man skeleton no
do you get that no actually you know
what I have I have those skeletons there
they're like action figure skeletons
yeah he's really cool they come with
like little accessories like got like a
like a couch you could put the skeletons
on super named supposed to do with this
what the fuck is that
so let's say you say Martha it's great
of course
that'll Christmas tree ornament the ever
relevant Rosie O'Donnell Christmas tree
ornament she thank you for clearing up
the skeleton no I'm like what the fuck
but that's what I said that makes that
makes perfect sense that was a big part
of that uh was that a Halloween episode
oh and and and the other day like a box
like a big big issue ox like like two
feet by one foot box mm-hm
full of nothing but VHS copies of babe
the pig like how many the same movie
over and over again and the sequel and
then I mix them up just like 20 really
that's the season that's where it gets a
little weird 15 or 20 that's where it
gets a little weird as it gave my sister
one you know what a baby's a babe Merry
Christmas
I'll be like babe let's hell I'm giving
anyone this year I'm reading babe yeah I
want to blew them all to our best of the
worst VHS tape wall that's true
what else am I gonna do with it well you
know I know people know that you guys
are working on that though your VHS wall
and I'm for best of the worst so maybe
they came across it too like yeah I'm
just gonna throw these out I'll give him
that red letter media cuz they'll put
him to good use you hope that was the
thought
what else he gonna do it all that you
could responded to the chance to man for
you to remove the skeleton by taking the
tiny skeleton out of the box yeah y'all
wanna we've got to there's no ship it's
a blue package in a red package and I
don't know how long you're gonna remove
the skeleton whoa rich now you're
getting real there's blue and red I'm
not entirely sure what the difference is
supposed to be it's like a kid
yeah that's a kid skeleton girl or
something I don't know I believe it's a
kid's go
that's where I cut my finger open on
stream and I scored what everywhere that
that would be a very gotta go got a
drive rich to the fucking Hospital
all right yeah there it is I removed the
tiny skeleton well not yet remove
skeleton I can't read any of this well
it's in a different language
and and I'm gonna lose the hands is what
oh they're extra hands it's removed
yeah remove skeleton fine you know what
after almost three years of previously
recorded we have finally removed
skeleton
congratulations rich these things are
awesome by the way I got some for
Halloween yeah just as weird stuff to
put around the house and you can buy
little accessories for them and like put
them in poses they're like little
skeleton action figures they're like a
thing yeah and they're great they're
hilarious we have a we have like a
little setup at our house
we're all the skeletons hang out can you
get like a shield and sword maybe that'd
be cool that'll be cool I only found
like normal life things like you could
find like a school desk and a loaf of
bread would this arm is not quite as
poseable as I would like there listen
that not many points of articulation but
enough
Tiny's gone I don't know why I didn't
get that I'm feel ashamed you should
feel very ashamed you should 100% 100%
you should but you know what you figured
it out now I'm here now I am here now
plasma fully harvested haven't I wanted
anyway should I want to break it
somebody sent in a great little mini
placate bus that's just amazing
I'm sorry however skip if you break that
I guess I won't care yeah go ahead do it
yeah there's a lot of weird shit over
here tell you what these shelves are
full of the weirdest shit rich sometimes
I'm concerned sometimes not so much
so this right here is one of the best
things we have that's true there it is
look at that 3d bust of a blanket head
it's beautiful rich
it's just beautiful
things are getting a little real now I'm
fond of that yeah fond of that the other
thing I'm really fond of hopefully
people can help there it is yep now they
can kind of see it it is an actual rich
Evans doll a rich Evans doll have your
own rich Evans doll it's immaculate you
just broke his foot okay oh is it
but rich is saying that the hand is
broke it could have happened in shipping
we don't know
it will forever be a mystery Gatling gun
- nice there there was a hand upon
receiving the rich Evans fully poseable
doll oh so very sorry very very sorry
rich I didn't do it but you know just
sorry in general I don't want I don't
feel the thing that I did it I'm just
saying like I feel bad for you because
it seems like a thing you like
and now they're just gonna think that it
was me but I won't so what did the no
man's sky patch do people talk about the
patch the patch is yeah the patch is a
big deal
what are you doing specifically I want
to change the game the only thing that I
know for sure is that it added
base-building all right but there's
probably other stuff it did probably
right huh you have to assume watch a
giggle it someone a gentleman I giggle
it
why don't you giggle it or if someone in
chat will tell us because you know I
think we have at least a couple people
who are really into no man's sky in the
chat right a couple of you like you
super into no man's sky just a few yeah
someone tell rich what is this what is
this patch all about one one building
base building
you're on a planet build some shit I
don't see it - oh great - some other
shit that it did it also patch in a
reason to want to build a base I would
assume if it added base building it also
adds some sort of reason can I just go
play a better space game instead nope
you know you can't rich you must play no
man's sky no man's sky is life no man's
sky yeah it is the Alpha the Omega
shadow leap 5 says Jack is that it wait
did it just add base building for Jack
please tell rich to play Final Fantasy
those newborn puppies are dying reg play
Final Fantasy save those poor cute puppy
eyes staring puppies are looking at you
do it for them I watched my sister
player wants many many years ago on a
fantasy yeah that's what's the famous
one 7 yeah 7 it just slipped Dulles farm
dull it obnoxious and fuck yeah oh yeah
I played final five 7 a little bit of it
and it was a kind of dose fuck
was over visiting for for Thanksgiving
yeah hanging out in her rooms it was the
only room in that house it's not fucking
contaminated by cats 100% you come on oh
yeah yeah you have cats
you don't vacuuming doesn't help
I'm getting like if I can get 1,300 more
credits I can buy a new ship and we
really want to meet you
so I really don't want to die right now
there's this thing and I don't know what
it is but like I just want it because
it's a big ship thing
je frisk 2 says hey guys hi I've started
watching comedian Doug Stanhope comedy
shows he's just like George Carlin
wouldn't even darker sense of humor
check out his shows on YouTube okay Doug
Stanhope check it up maybe you're lying
and maybe you're not I don't know but
now's not the time to watch in the
middle we're kind of in the middle of
something here we're doing we're doing
things Doug Stan I don't know isn't that
the comedian that gets high all the time
then his chick getting high I don't
think he's very Carlin I'll be honest
with you you see the guy in super high
me the parody of supersize me about
buying weed I believe that's Doug
Stanhope getting Doug with high what
that's that's the comedian mm-hmm and he
was in a he was in a a parody of the
famous documentary Super Size Me called
super high me this sounds dumb yeah well
it's the premise of the documentary was
he's a comedian who's pretty famous for
getting high all the time
yeah and so he's like I'm gonna do it
I'm gonna take a month where I just
don't get high at all and then I'm gonna
take a month where I get so high every
single day and we'll just see what
happens
yeah and as it turned out he got high so
often that nothing really happened it's
nothing nothing in his life dreams so
much but the documentary then kind of
changed focus to be about the
legalization of marijuana and some other
stuff so I was like it was fucking it
fuck it was mildly interesting the
documentary
was getting high on pop specifically
getting high yeah get him pop ha ha
so he's not really a Carlin we've done
is would be my I'm not a user but I do
agree with the legalization of pot I
figure smoking and alcohol are legal
there's not really a great reason why
pop shouldn't be right and I agree I'm
with you and I think I think most people
are coming around to that to that kind
of thinking nowadays that's that's more
they're saying wrong person Jack oh well
there you go that is Benson
Doug Benson Benson oh well see you there
you go rich is the one trolling for not
correcting Jeff I'm freaking know by the
way I'm it's Doug like so isn't that
something I knew some I've never heard
of either of these people Doug Stanhope
Stanhope yeah Rick rich stop trolling me
why is tonight been so god-awful
obnoxious oh yeah that happens
man sometimes nothing we can really do
about it
manaman says the average American
watches six movies a year in the theater
are you normal or at least average
probably slightly below I'm above I'm
above average then if the average
American watches six a year I'd say I go
to at least one a month I rarely go when
it's not for a movie we're doing at half
in the bag oh really
yeah okay yeah I try to make it to at
least a movie a month we have a nice
theater by our house sometimes it's a
movie I don't want to go to like if it's
a kids movie or something like that but
I get out to the theater pretty often
trying to remember what the last movie I
saw in the theater was that wasn't for
half of the bag that's that's the good
question for someone like you
what's the last time you and and not
like one that Karen drugged you two
when's the last time you wanted to go
out to the theater and see a movie like
wanted to because I think I may have
seen force awakens the second time
because my dad and sister bein in town
no no okay well so that's something but
yeah when's the last time that you said
I have to get out to the theater to see
this movie Mad Max fury road and that
was after seeing it for happens I have
to see that again
oh okay that's and I went alone I'm
going to see Mad Max tonight fucking
that's fair fucking love that movie Mad
Max fury road you people could say I
hate everything but I fuckin love Mad
Max fury road you know it was made by a
foreigner so what see from Japan because
apparently I only hate people in Japan
oh no you're right so he's not from
Japan because I lashed out once when I
got badgered by people about anime and
Final Fantasy and actually no other
thing about it I don't know if George
Miller's a foreigner is he a foreigner
yeah he's Australian
I think so yeah yeah yeah he's a dirty
foreigner of course he is
I see that rich Evans loves video games
more than movies yeah you know I think
that's a reasonable statement wonder how
much rich hates animate just because of
his sister I love my sister yep oh yeah
didn't she make you watch like anime
porn what's this that was some that's a
complete that has nothing to do with my
sister I was in high school yeah and I
was kind of like on friendly terms with
one of the special kids that I was I'd
walk through I'd walk by I'd walk by
them like every day I'm away to this
class with this heaviness thing I
library
sorry and so I chatted up with him to
wrongs just a guy friend and one day he
gives me this tape to watch yeah like
this is great oh my god thanks I'll take
this tape and I took it home and it was
just this disgusting head tight shit
that's why it was on like four seconds I
traffic oh god this is the most awkward
thing in the world the next day giving
this special needs kid and that in the
high school was his porn tape back I'm
so sorry I got that confused with a
sister and that is my fault
very sorry I just remember that I
remember you telling that story that's
that's not even the worst thing he did
today
Oh God he was the first person to point
out that I was balding cuz years after
high school when I was in my 20s yeah I
I ran him to him you know in a book
store
he's just happen to be at the Barnes and
Nobles when I was there with Karen and
he looks at me and says you're losing
your hair
I hadn't really noticed until that point
oh he's also what made me realize I was
used to losing my hair early age nothing
but bad memories with that guy oh I'm
sorry forgetting that story is confused
that would have been horribly awkward
had I met your sister yes why the fuck
did you show rich that time porn what he
tells me it just showing people porn
rich why are you telling people I'm
showing people what are you telling
people I'm not show of yours
okay I have enough credits to buy
another ship I need to let you know that
so my interest in playing this game any
further is waning I've reached 10,000
credits which is all I really ever wears
like video I feel Caribous my why you're
gonna have a hairline for a little while
yes I gotta go home hoping overnight
I'd be more upset with Karen you're the
one that's supposed to tell me that shit
weren't a couple at that point oh he was
under she was under no obligation I take
that back she was at the time she was
probably like thank God I'm not together
with him he's losing his fucking hair
it's just gonna go like super fast that
is your job by the way when you are in a
relationship with someone you I mean you
need to be you need to be tactful about
it you need to be respectful about it
but like if they were an outfit that
looks like garbage you gotta let them
know you do you do that's your job
that's your job ins in a relationship
you have to be there mirror wait that's
a credit strain sport oh fuck yeah we're
going in there
mama says thanks for being a tremendous
group of boys tremendous group of boys
devack says one of the executive
producers on Mad Max fury road is
Trump's future Secretary of Treasury
Steve munchin hashtag make America
post-apocalyptic again but with cool
cars and trucks but all right
noted
noted
there's no one really here didn't like
defend this credit transport that would
be important
the chat this evening is one gigantic
facepalm is it yes why what's going on
what did you do check
you're doing great jack
I feel like I'm doing great also I am
doing great how long like can you win
the game tonight how does this work I
have no idea I am playing uneasy okay
because I was failing Oh like what's
what's the goal of this game I have no
idea really yeah
no oh so that's all I got
I don't I think they tell you I think
your uh your little manservant tells you
at the beginning and I forgotten I just
don't really care that much
this is like no mother ship you're
working your way towards let's kind of
that's a letdown this game is still in
early access all right so perhaps we
will get to a point where you know
mother shape or whatnot
all right now I just want to blow this
ship up and actually I think it's
glitching mother ships like the best
part about FTL right taking that thing
down just feel so fucking fantastic the
first time you do it oh god yes I blew
up that ship when it his new ship huh
saying when is new ship as soon as I uh
as soon as I die then I don't think
that's gonna happen you've been on a
long-ass run I'm not a pretty good run
but I'm now running out of shit but I
needed to raise at least 10,000 credits
and I now have 11,000 I've made some
enemies I'll go do a harder level elite
dangerous doesn't have a goal either
except I orgasm here's the thing that
elite dangerous just kind of made as a
space flight sim this is like you know
this is like a a gamey kind of game when
you're making upgrades and shoot the
things to go to the SEC there they go to
the next sector yep yeah and I mean
elite dangerous is like in the vein of
like Microsoft Flight only with a
spaceship oh yeah I do not know that
about elite dangerous this it's a flight
sim space flight sim
I can only assume as soon as this is out
of early access it's gonna be one of
those things where where you know like
Ville tak on the store mm-hmm you know
you got it you got to find your way home
you've been transported to the Delta
Quadrant something like that and
something lame like that
this is this looks more arcadey to me
than a lead dangerous oh god yeah does
this cazuli should shoot that yet oh
this is very arkady
shed I have I have never had to handle
the FTL mothership run by AI I've never
killed all the crew I don't know how bad
it is I hear it's pretty terrible to
deal with
area AI auto repairs that's the tough
part of it how quickly though Wow
oh well hey there we go okay okay I
guess that triple missile launcher
coming back online constantly would
really be irritating oh god yeah so do
we want the light fighter class comes
equipped with a shock rifle a beam laser
or the colonial gunship the heavy
fighter class Fusion blasters flak
cannon that is a fuckin badass ship
design like that let's get a 360 what's
it look under anything less cool
underneath but that's fine that's fine
that you know doesn't that kind of
that's very Kestrel come out from up
down top-down yeah yeah what's the other
one look like I mean this is just visual
I mean whatever you see you don't see it
in the cockpit you know that's not bad
either it's cute you know that's a cube
ship it's your fighter that's your
standard you know a little Thai little
it's a light time you use whichever one
you're Alan that's nice
just one jet engine on the back chance
saying choose the Kestrel flak cannon
gunship ship the Kestrel has the flat
cannon so where that's what we're doing
yeah I'm like why
you sure about locked flak cannon that
ship does look badass
fuck yeah does shit son
jet engine wouldn't work in space jack
it's a thought it looks like a fucking
jet shut up I know that a jet won't work
in space but it looks like a jet engine
and that's the cool part alright we're
just gonna spend credits
they're all right now we're gonna launch
plans in mind they say I just want to I
basically I just want to use the flak
cannon once that's it
and then combat drone scanning that's
mine alright flak cannon look at the
cockpit this is this is different
hmm you know what roomie it's very roomy
it's a big thing
alright let's see we'll see what this
flak cannon can do doesn't seem that a
person well I didn't know what it did
yet no one oh it's not like a garbage
chute it's like a is it rapid-fire at
least no yeah you could probably fire it
more often huh hey that's the second
fire let's fasten you're firing perform
it's alright
I was hoping it'd be more like a garbage
shooter yeah but I like it still I could
do worse uh yeah I agree
what does the other gun do fusion
blaster oh I actually really like to
fuse a fusion blaster gatlings oh I just
had I could have an automatic turret
that's me
that sounds like really really useful
yeah nice yeah I kind of like this ship
this was definitely the ship to go with
this is like it was just like a free
kind of DLC kind of thing or what is
this we'll remember the game is still in
early access so this like hey we finally
made some new ships okay you want them
you want to use them how balanced is to
ship what do you mean just wonder how
balanced it was it's harder I insanely
prefer cockpit view yeah - were you the
other way around my first dream list and
you know I want to use the cockpit yeah
cuz you know this makes sense I can see
more around me but like this just gets
you into it yeah I know I know it's
great this view is what makes the game I
forgot there even was an exterior shot
honestly you know what you ship kind of
looks lame like this just floating
around in space alright we'll see if we
can get into one more battle and then I
want to use that Gatling turret just to
see what it does
how big a twinks thing they probably
like I guess it's a gatlings things yeah
turbo finds out we both already seen the
new death stranding trailer yes we did
it's this crazy arty garbage it's crazy
garbage it's like it's like art man he
has a baby but there's also like a baby
doll that's all torn up it's know it
means something man
you have no shields you don't have
shields Oh interesting can you get
chills can you upgrade to shields or
ship that doesn't have your shields
always not going to have shields I think
like yeah some of these things like
these extra things that you get who can
so you could gain shield you
theoretically could gain shield this you
know that oh this be a good ship for
that Dirt Devil upgrade oh yeah all
right we need some bad guys we need
something we need some motherfuckers to
shoot it up in here we gonna shoot but
it dude
so you've got the knack of flying in
this game - oh yeah and it's still it's
still kind of weird because you know
like just getting a sense of what up is
using the the left joystick up here oh
here's some fuckers there's some fuckers
to shoot I have not played overlord for
the NES oh of Hurdle wrench mustard man
I've never even heard of Overlord for
the NES and if you sent a tweet I'm
definitely not gonna see it because I'm
not on the tweets you don't do the
tweets and do the tweets Jack handles
our tweets
oh yeah look my little turd thing ready
it's just that I'm not pressing any
place you know it's gonna automatically
shoots bitches so you can just focus on
that and like speed and dodging yep
or get him with the old double whammy Oh
this ship is fuckin badass seven pound
it's gonna be taken out of final release
very possible
I don't care I feel like I'm also
playing uneasy but and this is level 2
so great great I feel good I feel good
about that
classic what what comedy rich Oh tough
little ship what's that from is that a
FTO achievement or something that sounds
familiar little dreamer TK it costs
10000 credits so I needed I needed a
good long run before I could afford that
ship and the neck the other ship also
costs 10000 credits - uh sorta pricey
they're pricey they use where your
balance comes in they they make you they
make you learn the game first this is
saving to the stream this is the cloud I
mean let the stream because Savior so
loud yeah save to the cloud yeah so do
we have cherry up it's worth to watch
sure yeah we gotta talk to her I got I'm
saying all the wrong words all the wrong
ones that's okay that's okay I saw that
I saw that there they're moving forward
with their escape from New York remake I
don't necessarily have strong feelings
about escape from New York I know that
it's a good movie it's gay from Newark I
like it
what about escape from here they're
remaking it you know what I'm okay with
that
it'll probably it's going to be terrible
for obably gonna be but I don't know I I
could appreciate a skate from New York
I'm not gonna say that's a movie that
can't be done better here's the problem
though won't have Kurt Russell or or Joe
or John Carpenter so here's the issue
that I've been hearing a lot of people
talking back and forth about it and one
of the things that I can definitely
agree
with his at the time it was made what
was that late seventies early eighties
early eighties early to mid New York
City was a very different city than it
is now yeah it was a scum palace yeah
and so the idea of just walling off all
of New York City kind of made sense
right
kinda like Detroit in Robocop like just
an exhaust slight exaggeration of where
it was exactly so if they do it like if
they made it in modern times they're
gonna wall off like a tourist trap you
know you just make it Detroit you have
to call it escape from Detroit let's
call it escape from Detroit you're right
so that's my only issue and I 81-81
okay so that's that was my big thing it
doesn't matter to me as long as it's a
goofy schlock fest I'm okay with him I'm
okay with anything 1981 kurosu like Kurt
Russell will be one of the generals that
send snake on the mission wait deject no
my ship did not blow up I just stopped
playing because I'm kind of done but now
is the time in the stream in which we
thank all the people who subscribe to us
during the stream people like Ramones
fan 1 and spooky Dookie who has recent
ones in a row solo 56 7 says 11 months
of cynicism and old men arguing about
games
thanks for the hours of entertainment
Jets like simple finchy back in my days
I Finch's with simpler starting to
really feel my aging Jackson are you
yeah
sorry it's terrible this sorry about
their I laugh at it that's I'm glad my
my my aging falling apart life your joke
to you your your cellular entropy yeah
it's it's the cosmic joke we all the
loss of my youth and vitality
so some we can all laugh about I think
so we're it's it's gonna happen to
everyone rich yeah yeah if you're lucky
if you if you're lucky
yep much like the real Vey on for 13
months in a row lucky 13 big Angry Bob
second 12 24 22 fucking months in a row
second 12:26 thanks guys
killer be killed Erebus and aether
dr. gunther hunter hanker 12 months in
rome says so i asked a friend if the
year is a long subscription time that
says da alright pro elite ex trader red
dark flow 83 not a robot 101 says you
hack frauds stop playing
no man sky there rock been the red epic
says you guys are fantastic but JC
jingle all the way is god-awful
wait what's JC oh Jesus Jesus Christ
jingle all the way he's got off I will
probably rewatch it this holiday season
because I got kids we watch Christmas
movies game child UK games health UK
says been a fan for a while finally
decided four months ago to stop being a
cheap fraud bastard rich keep hating
everything in Jack do a review on clerks
with Jay keep hating everything
I'll keep hating everything except for
the things I like but I talk about all
the fucking time Oh Miller sixteen
months in a row says I'm Blaine request
my 499 this month go toward the rich
plays every JRPG ever stream okay here's
what we do rich we concoct a four hour
stream in which every 10 minutes you
play a new RPG that sounds like a
terrible idea every 10 minutes it sounds
like a comedy can you get through a
terrible idea you could get through 24
RPGs bad dreams also games Health UK
real quick Jay and I have a couple review
episodes that wow we've been talking
about doing clerks being one of them
budget Messiah the dáil sachem on Salado
see Chapman talati oh you know what I
like the accent on that that works
better
captain wombo stew 91 for 19 months in a
row Hartmann Z says loving the first
snow of the month clone 2727 my child my
apologies for the right-click tip on the
7th guest stream that was introduced for
the 11th hour let me know let me know if
you want a replacement save file nope
you don't have any urge to finish the
7th guest so xalbert crowd says twitch
prime for the win yes twitch prime thank
you Kolak ting data for 21 fucking
months in a row collecting data says
thank you for all the entertainment
Happy Holidays
jack and rich Lucas Ducas 14 months in a
row god was an inside job Jimmy Mick
awesome
Misner one for twenty three fucking
months in a row miser one says prereq
merch
when small run nasty fought fifteen
months in a row 25 fucking months in a
row and a horrible glorious final
fantasy is the worst concept ever just
stand there and take turns poking at bad
guys with sticks or magic or whatever
the fuck
no no zelda bitches leftover beefcake 25
fucking Monsanto roses 8 mil for final
fantasy chat mods would get 6 mil of
that as a keeping the peace feed I think
that's about fair that's another thing
we have to keep in mind here ragin for
any final fantasy stream people are
gonna freak out don't give me nine
hundred ninety eight dollars to play
Final Fantasy it's really that easy
really that's that's the moral of the
story
Jason Quay Korra 16 months in a row
snack pack one Rorschach five-to-four
Janome uh twenty fucking months in a row
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it it's true we really do
did you turn off
