Jul 10, 2016
Furi
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/752216472684892160

[Part I]
8:23 so we're gonna say it we're gonna
say about 8/3 hello testing testing
something this is fine I'm assuming this
is all fine someone sent me an app
suggestion and so instead of having to
manually set the stand up timer every
single time we stand up yeah it's
something that just goes off every hour
and you pick a certain time I mean
really annoying well but need something
in my pocket that just went off every
hour well you could turn it off too so
we're gonna test this out the
new-and-improved stand up timer hey
everybody welcome
what are we gon Thank You boom hello
everybody welcome TV's you can do that
but you mentioned this game we got here
what is fury a4e
I have three rights it's very it's gonna
gets gotta be here it's gotta be fury um
I remember I think did we see this at an
e3 I saw somebody streaming like a beta
version of this like a month ago I
remember you seen this awhile ago
someone tweeted us today reminding us
that it's out now and it is currently
for anyone who's a PS Plus member it is
currently free for PS Plus members okay
which is so I'm downloading it as soon
as I get home if it's a good game and it
just looks neat all I know about it is
it's like a it's a Dueling game the
overlay you still sits inside oh did we
forget to we did we did that's the thing
we have to do rich
okay that's creepy
I have time to wake up
I'm not talking about parrot a Paragon
is also free on PS Plus but fury is free
on PS fuck is that it's time to go his
game is furry
ah nice we were right you furry fury
yourself together get out of prison all
right
they lost me with the rabbit or maybe
they got me I don't know but yeah I was
totally wrong about fury the rabbit is
definitely strange
so I'm trot your Trung you have a gun
nests sword and I think a lot like hyper
light drifter you have a dash and also
kind of like guns in your dash means
that you don't get hit oh yeah but let's
fix our mistake really quick text
deputies phooey then I typed that on my
laptop keyboard and not on the keyboard
have a pedometer
okay and then we can begin it lay a bit
because it's free and professionals like
that looks great rich great and Oh tab
back to food alright great Pokemon go of
course I've been playing a ton of
Pokemon go today was the first time you
know I've been playing it a lot today
was the first time that I ran out of
pokeballs
oh no oh because here's where we get to
they're free to play ok thing you know
you can get pokeballs for free if you
stop at pokey stops and every time you
level up you get more pokeballs and
stuff like that but if you want more
even more you have to pay for no like
every polka stop you get a random amount
like for how many how frequent like what
do you mean like just did you get to use
it once ever
or is it weakness Oh how often do you
get to use the pokey stops oh no well
like once every five minutes they
refresh once every five minutes I heard
there were robbers targeting smart this
game was presently disastrous huge
success everyone loves it everyone's
playing in the first game you can get
actually killed playing
so that's - I'm sure she's hold the shoe
shoe
no nice shooters just hold the shootie
200
I think the game just wants to issue
them for all
Oh
that is work
egg woo woo hell night 86 tipped us a
little money for pokeballs thank you how
much like tin you know so I ran out of
pokeballs I did not buy any new ones but
so it's like on the way over here I was
in a little bit of her because I'd left
to load up my house a little late and so
like I didn't stop but I definitely like
slowed down on my bike enough just to
hit up every pokey stop on the way and
make sure he gets some pokeballs for the
ride back Obama says I didn't know what
videotoaster was until yesterday but I
found out that three years ago I'd been
hanging out with Kiki and her Star Trek
themed band to warp 11 at some festivals
at Burning Man
oh oh yeah Video Toaster used that was
the that was the real deal right there
yeah we're playing this um I was I I
wasn't in traffic I would I would go to
the sidewalk and just ride slowly and
make sure there was no pedestrians near
and I filled with my phone while on my
bike but yeah Puri here we are playing
on the PC it's on Steam this is neat
obviously I suck at it right that's neat
so it's on Steam anti and it's free on
PS plus so it's on ps4 I don't know what
other systems it's on so dodge is -
it reminds me of No More Heroes graphics
yeah little cell shady little cartoony
yeah pokeballs are about five cents
apiece and and then you know you can buy
other stuff if you want to quickly
evolve or powerup your Pokemon you can
pay to get Stardust which is you know
it's kind of like the in-game currency
for the green ones I don't know I don't
know okay play this game rocks inflate
less than once at this point I would say
okay the artist for this game did the
art for Afro Samurai
ah okay I've never played Afro Samurai
but I've seen there was a game I was an
afro samurai also a game oh oh I assumed
he meant for the game version but I
guess could also he could just movie the
cartoon
okay terrible
well I'm sure it's not meant to be easy
rich
oh it's an anime and a game okay
yes
okay then confirmed great but the
triangle ones done
I have not seen the video of Gandy
talking about new Samurai Jack seemed
bolt I believe genndy tartakovsky
whatever genndy now Gandhi de is doing
like the hotel transylvania mooo either
way that's that's not simmering Jack I
think he's coming coming back because
it's me a passion project okay
hey guys great wheel episode says this
time it's Luke Lupe's this donation is
to go towards the ten-hour loop video of
the silver shamrock jingle playing over
conveyor belt of dolls from the end of
the episode creepy as fuck yes now that
I've seen that episode rich that was I
haven't seen the credits oh well you saw
the videos yeah I finally said that
episode went up the other day I watched
it holy Christ
holy Christ that was some creepy videos
oh hey you know sometimes there's
sometimes the like the videos are silly
you know like airport or you know the
airplane riding good that is just like
goofy you bet you had a bunch of really
weird ones the lady with the cow the
dead children
nice anonymous says walking down gumbo
road and tapping the bongos look out for
potholes but that's just something they
wanted me the same
how does his health work
and lost in technicolor says hey fellas
I was able to see Flight of the
Conchords last night they were fantastic
and hilarious if you ever get a chance
to see them definitely check them out I
agree they're great play to the
Conchords
they are New Zealand's second most
popular comedy folk group they you know
they're live performers and they sing
like just keep dying
am i dying what's going on I'm trying to
what's going on with my health I don't
even know which one is your health I'm
gonna be quite honest with you I've been
trying to figure out the whole how
bigger bar
but are you on the left to the right
Kate no your health I think I'm on being
watched
like I think every video game of read I
don't know she's still trying to figure
this out right if he's the one on the
right then you probably need to knock
off his little pegs too and he only has
two little pegs left has there ever been
a game with a health bar where your
health bar has been on the left in them
I'm not on the right immune I was
thinking more like I've left like a
fighting game you know like a two-player
fighting game or there's two health cars
okay well when your single player are
you ever in the I have no solid answer
for that rich I'm saying it's that
confusing to me
you're about I believe you're about
equal and help except for now and now
your thing is well you have your health
pays I just die and then you have your
lives so you have one life peg left and
now a full health bar he has to life
pegs left and a full health bar if that
makes any sense
yep
yeah there's something with that like
finishing that I'm sure we have to
figure out
party badness
I'm bad at this Perry's mm-hmm I'm sure
it's just figuring out the timing kill
me well that but that was the leader
killed that was yes that was the death
kill rich not uh not you know the normal
kill ultime sir
obviously we haven't seen the new
Ghostbusters if it's good it's good you
know what Rich's thoughts on the new
Ghostbusters are I know it's doing well
on Rotten Tomatoes yeah but you know
like it'll already have some critic
scores on Rotten Tomatoes right from
what I have heard the insider
information that I heard is it's not
that bad is it used to be really bad and
then they did some reshoots and now it
is not that bad so it's fine yeah but
it's kind of big of course okay and I do
I know you're gonna get you're about to
yeah you're about to crap your pants
with with it'll never be as good as the
Ritz in a ghost poster so you can settle
down because everyone knows how we feel
about the the movie which is we do we
know nothing about it oh you can charge
I'm crapping my pants no just going for
I was just going for fun I did not mean
to insult you know every time they bring
up ghostbusters you say very uh you say
the same thing and I just want to want
it to not you brought it up ultimate sir
I was ultimately proud of them
I just didn't want it to become a thing
and so it's become a thing because it
always becomes Yuri
but Jack outraged you're right he'll
bother can I'm gonna be done with it I'm
gonna be done with that kind of outrange
Shaun underscore says the new and
approved overlay is not that bad see
that could be a joke about Ghostbusters
right it's not great but it's not that
bad
britches right jack is wrong of course
of course
about what everything it doesn't matter
nothing matters oh that gives you help
that gives you a help
you know maybe you know but I don't know
if this is something like well I guess
along the same line someone someone the
mr. four brings up a point that might be
trying to to goat but he said that they
say how good is the original
Ghostbusters anyway watch really really
damn good it's quite possibly one of the
great three years later I've seen that
movie a bunch of times it's still got
one really damn good in addition to the
normal amount of laps of the scene where
they're walking out of the bank and and
Ray has his 19 percent interest rate
mortgage and and peter venkman didn't
even try to negotiate the terms that was
some fun shit now this funny as hell
classic
right that's a big Twinkie that's bad
that's classic yeah you gotta hit him
when he's like that that's there you
gotta hit him big slashy slashy
hello
brownie Charles type louder Jack I can't
do you think this this one battle is the
entire game you know what there's been
worse games
age lag
welcome welcome welcome anonymous says
Jack do you no longer read tips critical
of the overlay I sent one a few minutes
ago before you read the tip from Hell
night no I just don't think I got
anonymous I just don't think I got that
tip I'm sorry
we usually read all tips unless they're
you know utterly ridiculous really
really ridiculous some kind of drama and
I can't stand it yeah oh I did miss this
one from Craig nation and I you know I
do miss them every once in a while
because sometimes you know like two will
pop up right away and I won't see that
Jack a while back you recommended the
book wall I'm currently reading it and
so far love it abso-fucking-lutely
everyone who enjoys reading needs to
read wool one of the greatest books I've
read in recent history I'm tipping to
thank you for a great read use that
money for pokeballs or towards a rich
Evans twin doll the company's no longer
no longer in business we can't get rich
Evans at 20 off by the way if the
company was still in business you know
they would already be on that that's
that's like the first thing Mike and J
would have done is get rich Evans a twin
doll
absolutely
absolutely let's see here the the middle
Dre the mind of drain the mind of gray
have either of you guys ever had a
creative idea for a video game
don't worry I'll only steal it semi
immediately rich have you ever wanted to
make
well I've talked about my idea a couple
times where I wanted to make a a
dispatcher simulator where you have to
route drivers to pick up and drop off
packages and it'd be kind of a thing
where you have to keep your drivers
happy with enough packages but also make
sure the packages get there in time
little management sim I used to be a
dispatcher and that was the game that I
played at work because it was my job
and I always found it really fascinating
oh yeah I know and I'll have this driver
if this driver stops downtown to pick up
that package you can make it to the
south side and then when he after drops
off he can pick up this one from the
south side it might be a little bit late
but that'll keep him happy you know oh
you clear a path that's me I also have a
great idea for a video game a
side-scrolling brawler that uses where
your main weapon is an umbrella and you
have to choose whether you're using your
umbrella as a sword or a shield you know
tons of fantastic ideas from you tons
how do you like your coffee jack rich
you don't drink coffee right how much
cream of sugar you put it always tastes
better than me you got you gotta try it
with a little bit of chocolate that's
how it that's how I got into coffee a
little bit of chocolate and cream and
you start taking the chocolate away then
issues cream and then it's just I take
my black they found if I'm feeling if
I'm feeling a little saucy sometimes if
I have my iced coffee I'll put a little
cream and sugar in there but usually
it's just black because I just want the
caffeine oh did you do it nice
nice let's see here
oh my god sorry you know anonymous I'm
still looking for that tip where were
you were you anonymous were you the one
that tips about the gumbo road open oh
there it is there it is
Jack was watching an old Ace Attorney
stream on YouTube with the clean
streamlined design and the face cam you
could actually see you guys look you
guys look like ant sorry you know what I
thought that the money for pokéballs was
the first tip anonymous so I'm sorry for
not reading your tip and that's okay
that we have a difference of opinion on
the overlay was an anima says I saw both
the lobster and Keanu the key and Peele
movie this weekend they were great
recommended I've heard nothing but good
things about Keano unfortunately I
haven't get the key and Peele movie I'm
gonna see very few movies mm-hmm perhaps
oddly I maybe ironically yeah yeah but
you know it's worked for you seen a
movie that's what you know she was a
magnet change yeah but you're on a lot
of episodes handful two or three a year
to a year you think
yep you know I think you have more in
then out of discussion yeah two or three
Wow maybe you know one or two really a
year no what if I've been in this year
um I don't know what if it would have
what's been out this year Batman
Superman okay
and civil war yeah and I guess Star Wars
that's three hours yeah that seems like
more than usual I don't know I you know
I don't watch every half in the bag
I will only watch a half in the bag if
if I've seen the movie or else I won't
watch it and so I don't I also don't
watch a lot of movies and so I don't
want I don't watch the show very often
nope oh you can move oh and they say
Deadpool you were on Deadpool - no I
haven't seen Deadpool oh that's right
so you're wrong Internet and I'm talking
about we're not talking about like like
as palinka we're talking about like in
the review right for the review well
they're saying if you look at the last
year you know like instead of just like
the last 12 months yeah then you also
have to add in pixels and were you in
the ant-man don't talk yet mean that
seems more than usual perhaps because in
unusual perhaps because more comic-book
movies are coming out maybe not dying to
see all these comic book movies I'm
really not I know rich go to comedy sir
she's an expert on Friday I was telling
you uh you all how I was reading a bunch
of Valiant Comics and I just made it
through the first two collections of
Harbinger the new 2012 series of
Harbinger holy fuck is that a great book
yeah it's it's like about a school of
psychics and you know they were the one
guy is kind of like bright he's like the
Wolverine and he's brought in as a rogue
but then he goes rogue he's brought into
you know training because he's the most
powerful but then he goes well
and it is fucking amazing it's okay one
it's it's I I am so back into comic
books like I started I got done with it
I went back to reading like Miss Marvel
and even Archer and Armstrong which is
also valiant and it was just like this
is just not as good the other value the
other valence yeah the other current
ones it's just not as good harbingers so
fucking amazing no it's great it's great
I'm just into comics again I'm into
comics again so you should be sorry
because that's where all my money's
going now I'm talking about the
comic-book Harbinger by Valiant Comics
and comixology I read all my comics
digitally and comics algae is has
started its own Netflix six bucks a
month and you get this catalog of books
that you can borrow from and the first
two volumes of Harbinger are in that and
so I was like oh I'll just buy it for a
month and read those two but now I just
want to go through everything I'm going
through their whole back catalogue I
just saw a bunch of old savage dragon
sounds like fuck yeah I get I guess I'm
subscribed to comiXology now I'm gonna
read fucking everything I can mmm
Pokemon go is a free game this time it's
lupus so I I have not I have not spent
any money on Pokemon go except for the
ice cream because usually like like my
kids will want to play pokemon go with
me it sounds like okay we'll go for a
Pokemon go walk and then you know like
we'll end up at an ice cream store or
something okay we'll get some ice cream
on it now that we're here and that's
kind of fun but uh no I
Pokemon goes free you don't have to
spend any money on it
ice cream yeah hey I'm up ice cream I
love ice cream so this is just boss
fights not that I mind that yeah I think
what this is possible yes you know I'm
oh I'm okay with the idea of just boss
fights it works in certain situations I
do think and we don't know obviously but
I think this game would benefit from a
couple minions just to make you really
feel like a badass yeah just to give you
a little bit of a break between but you
know if that's what they're doing this
is what they're doing
I like this enemy by the way this little
snake robot thing robot is that somebody
in like bondage gear in that thing huh I
see robot if you see bondage gear you
know this person in a robot suit is it I
think so their arms are behind their
back it's really hard for me to tell
this work it's a woman and fucked-up
bondage gear says Timothy really you
know ya Marvel Marvel does not it is oh
my god it is absolutely a woman in a
bondage suit on um on a Segway with a
cannon on her face great that's great
alright
like I agree Marvel has just not been on
point lately I'm still enjoying this
Marvel a lot
Marvel diverse yeah and I think some of
their stories are really good but much
much like DC they're they're rebooting
their universe too much I was trying to
catch up with Miss Marvel and this spans
you know their their universe reset
thing which reset apparently a couple
times and then like some of it didn't
reset or something and so just try just
like going through the Wikipedia
articles trying to figure out which
books I need to read from which series
so I know what the fuck is going on in
the comic book that's no way to get it
people in the comic book you know oh no
you have to read the all-new
all-different Avengers first which and
you can't be confused you can't confuse
all-new all-different Avengers with new
avengers those are actually two
different timelines well but some of
them ended and some of the timelines
were you know that's that's what this
latest Marvel Universe's right yeah
they've gone full DC and it really is so
I'm getting I'm getting back into it but
I I defend Miss Marvel I think that's a
great book great character a lot of fun
should really give the zurka shot if
you're not totally against trying a
manga it's the best art in the business
you know I I'm okay with that
that's so fucked up man
yep oh oh oh she ripped the handles off
of her Segway nice he's got us ie protip
open with the sight
no no her kink wouldn't allow that you
broke it you've broken her kink and now
she's really pissed oh oh oh it follows
you
number two
Wow well let's see here oh sorry I
stopped reading tips cuz we started
talking about comic books Jack what's
your favorite Pokemon you've caught so
far have you done any battles yet - the
kids play yes I actually I just defeated
my first gym this afternoon what it
looks like you can shoot those down yeah
didn't that look like they disappeared
that thing yeah that thing you just got
to run I think I mean you should have
rolled you shoot over home so yeah just
defeated my first gym I finally have
some powerful enough pokemons were I can
actually handle gyms one of the gyms
closest to my house is team red and I'm
team blue so I'm looking forward to
taking that fucker down I do let my kids
play that's that's actually one of the
hardest things about being a gamer who's
also a parent it's just like let it you
know allowing yourself to not play where
you know oh yeah maybe I want you I want
to turn to boys and then you feel like a
dick in your mouth letting your children
play the video game but no they love it
it's great and it gets us outside a ton
I have over 20 kilometers logged so far
in walks so
we're doing great they love it they
asked me now like let's go for a Pokemon
walk let's go find some Pokemon it's
like shit yeah like I couldn't get them
to just go for a walk before you know
now they just want to walk around the
block look for Pokemon my favorite one
actually I just caught on Friday night
after I left the studio what time did we
stop streaming on Friday like 11:11 ish
i'm gonna say i think i'm friday we stop
streaming at 11:00 and I got home at
1:00 because I spent two hours riding my
bike back home catching pokémon yeah
well yeah you got to learn her number
that's the game and I caught a
Jigglypuff that's what got me on my my
catching an adventure and I like
Jigglypuff the big the big demon
maybe yeah I know I don't think you can
destroy the purple one
oh I can't - past that eyes I should I
couldn't that was bad what and just
today I caught an execute
which I don't know how power it's not
very powerful but it's just a fun
Pokemon it's just execute is literally a
group of eggs with faces on them
nice you've got a pincer of 511 my real
hope is that I can catch more
Jigglypuff's because I would love to
have a super-powerful Jigglypuff as a
gym fight I think that would be
hilarious so that's what I'm hoping for
but like I said I ran on two phone calls
today Jigglypuff is in general
considered a weaker Pokemon but it's
very popular and it's very cute and so
if you can have a very powerful
Jigglypuff I think that's funny usually
I try to keep a Jigglypuff in my Pokemon
team as long as possible because of this
silly
Thanks nyeeehhh anonymous says finally
finished Dark Souls 3 the other day I
really hope Jack will go spoil the later
levels for yourself Jack will go spoil
the later levels for yourself there
beautiful rich what you're really loud
but you're funny too I guess I think
that's just a general comment yeah I
think that's true about thanks I think
it's just a general kind that that is in
general things they said well no it's a
compliment it's just a comment on rich
Evans it's just like that is what rich
Evans is Loudon kind of fun let's see
her just this guy you know says I also
started reading wool the first novella
is crazy good did you read all nine
parts or just one through five I did I
read all the parts it's wool there's
like a there's three parts there's a
there's the silo trilogy and it's wool
dust and that's the other one what's it
called wool dust and someone
someone remind me what the silo series
are called in silo oh that's it wool
shift and dust in that order are the are
the three parts of the silo trilogy and
I felt like the latter two books weren't
nearly as good as wool but I was just so
into it like I was so into the world of
wool that I was willing to put up with
them yeah not necessarily being as good
but sweet jibbety crisp
what a fun I read all of them and
overall enjoy - all of them
nice nicely done I don't think either of
them are as good as wool but wool is so
good the momentum will carry you through
yeah specially shift shift is not it's
weird it's it's a big it's a big tone
shift it's it's like a down it's it's
like you know you're cruising on the
highway and then something you have to
go back to go back to side road speed
anyway
also the overlay is much improved I
think maybe a slightly different font
though that's so that's not a bad idea I
still need to make the the gradient a
little more severe so we're gonna make
the gradient a little more severe and
I'll find a different bag you know I
like this font and I just think it's
it's easy to read which is important
yeah can you not - for that or was it a
bag - okay let's see here Sean says I'm
actually looking forward to the US
Avengers comic series and will at least
look at the first one when it's released
sometimes changing things up pulls in
new customers like me yes the US
Avengers with Squirrel Girl officially
becoming an Avenger and like a Red Hulk
with a moustache I have no idea who that
is general Ross yep okay he's easy he's
a Red Hulk with a mustache and guns also
some sort of lady Iron Man Captain
America hybrid thing which looks
interesting and who else is in the New
Avengers I don't know
but that's a different team than the
all-new all-different Avengers because
the all-new all-different Avengers is
the same no I'll do all different
Avengers is Falcon as Captain America
because Falcon was Captain America for a
little bit
Iron Man Miles Morales spider-man Miss
Marvel and Lady Thor
listen I don't know why general Ross is
Red Hulk again I just saw the cover art
I don't know nothing about generals sure
sure John no I just read that you said
that about us Avengers Lord IX as rich
terrible terrible news what I've read
all the doom 2016 codex entries and it's
definitely a pure reboot oh oh she's
getting out what's your what what is
your reasoning for saying this
specifically they're saying it's bad
plenty of people who've read the code
accept reason their entirety of said
otherwise so yeah the story in doom Wow
Oh oh my god oh my god well that's
horrifying
I almost preferred her on her Segway
horatio Svetlana says Jack do you think
Marvel should make new superheroes like
Squirrel Girl instead of just making
lady Thor or changing old characters I
think they can do both I think there are
old characters that work and I think
there are old characters that don't work
and so if you have an old character that
doesn't work try changing it up it might
be awesome how many of their old fans
are the alienating versus how many new
readers are they gaining right that's
what what's the math that's well that's
the math I need to do absolutely
absolutely and you know Marvel they'll
just do both the well we'll have our own
character in this book and a new
character in any book boom easy man
yeah yeah and then whichever one's more
popular we'll stick with that one going
who reads on it Marvel who reads forage
well somebody here they wouldn't make it
that well that why do you think they
switched it up because no one read Thor
I don't know I don't know who lady Thor
is lady Thor is Thor I don't know if
Thor is somebody who is not the original
Thor right say where's Thor I'm talking
about the original thought right Oh
confusing on me for no good reason
yeah yeah no no no it's being a little
semantic on but uh I have no idea I
don't I don't know and I don't care I
don't care about for I didn't read Thor
I'm not gonna relieve I'm just saying
probably somebody who like to care I
never really did yeah I have no dog in
this fight right
lady Thor is Jane Foster yeah okay Laura
dick don't worry I see your tip I'm
getting to that we're discussing lady
Thor oh wait wait Laura dick what was in
where'd you go
don't make me donate again to answer my
question what question hold on and
character yo the he's saying The BFG is
treated as an all-new weapon the
character you play as is not a marine
every monster in the game is given an
original an Origin related to this
particular dooms plot as here's here's
the theory though okay that it's the
same doom marine but it's like a
different timeline it's an alternate
universe earth it's not the same
universe you played in the original game
maybe it's the same hell but it can be a
new freshly developed BFG but that's
irrelevant Oh interesting
yeah same how new earth yes in Old Earth
your guy left and how if it's not if
he's not a Marine how do you explain the
space marine armor with English in
serial numbers in English on it then he
was buried with and his familiarity with
guns he wasn't buried with the armor
they found that - oh they did yes okay
the armor the armor that we first run
into that was buried with us okay yes
okay
yeah
that's fair where's my let's see here
trash can I care far more about that
than I do ladies Thor ha ha
hi you know what rich I'm at a hundred
percent agreeance I am more invested I'm
more invested in the doom Slayers
backstory than I am in Lady Thor or for
that matter original for no but you know
I think that's I I'm sure given a little
time she do there she was attacking I
don't know I don't know she's a crazy
woman with bondage I love it you know I
love it but like she was attacking that
pole after you did something to it yeah
that's interesting
I'm sure given a little bit of time we
could think of a situation where there
was an old character that kind of sucked
and they rebooted that character
interest and it turned and that made
that character turn kind of awesome find
all the things find all the switches
maybe
when she attacks this which helps anyone
of us wishes yeah the first one was on
just a single pole I wonder if there's
something you can do there I don't know
where every trash can man went for a run
tonight at the local park and saw groups
of people playing pokemon go there
everywhere
great for getting people active which is
great also top two or three desert
island games two or three now that is
did we get all mods and whatnot became
with the game only current I can only
imagine what you know it's like anything
that's currently available okay but like
do you can play all of like the dual
mods you get brutal doom again you get
dozens of different level a dozen
different levels does this a different
major weapon bot source ports I mean you
dude was versatile yeah and replayable
yeah yeah and so like you can say like
doom with a brutal doom with all the
extras you know download it on a hard
drive that counts I would say classic do
anything do mmm based on the original
in-game hmm so doomed is one of them I
can replay the shit out of some XCOM to
bother me at all yeah you got much
better you that was much closer yeah
yeah I'm better than your first try you
know yeah
also they definitely be at least one
mention of the dooms later using guns in
the demon lore wasn't there and it
doesn't explain why the new universe
recreated the exact same cyber divisions
of all the origins with no indication
that however got tech before sorry sorry
um that and that doesn't explain why the
new you he knows what a gun is it's not
like what is all what are all of these
strange things the first thing he does
and he wakes up is he uses a computer
monitor to check on the status of the
base yeah no and you know in the in the
voiceover the demons talk about the doom
Slayer this is not somebody I murdered
earlier with human technology right
it can't be dip tube show says I feel
like these fights go on too long but
this is the game the two shows the game
is so far at least and I can only assume
only boss fights so so far so far that's
that's that's the assumption that I'm
making and so like that's they should be
they should be alone cuz this is all
you've got
so all you get as far as myself and
desert island games are concerned
it's a really good question you know
yeah something that I could get a ton of
hours out of obviously so you know
probably binding of issac that's
something where you know I could I can
problem I've already replayed it for
hundreds of hours I'm sure I'm sure that
would kill a bunch of time that'd be my
top one at the moment
but also you know you're on a deserted
island looks like you got other shit to
do you know what hey you gotta collect
food everyday gonna collect water
everyday you gotta make sure you should
have time for every day you gotta you
gotta make sure your shelters up to
snuff you gotta do something to get
yourself rescued right there shit to do
every day obviously there's gonna be
downtime but I don't think that I think
people overestimate the amount of
downtime people get onto certain islands
you know we're used to a lot of downtime
here because you know like getting food
is really easy for us
by getting food in the wild I think is
fairly difficult also is there some sort
of game that will teach me what sort of
food is edible or you know what so what
sort of foliage is edible because that
would be an a really important game
absolutely purposefully I'm missing it
purposely
because if I really wanted to miss it I
would just choose a multiplayer game an
online multiplayer game and then I would
tell the people that I'm trapped on an
island and get them to rescue me you
fridges all the way over there right
helmet I did not miss your tip I just
haven't gotten to it yet sorry we got
off on a little tangent there let's see
here Oh
also a trash can man just to said you
saw so many people playing Pokemon go
they're everywhere and it's great and
I'm so happy that people are enjoying
this and it's it's great it's a great
flag to fly let's see here
oh now helmet original Thor lost his
powers after the original old Nick Fury
beat the shit out of the Avengers in the
original sin storyline super spy I don't
know how my it says great book though
yeah
okay so then original Thor lost Thor
power so someone has to take up the four
mantle in Asgard and it was Jane Foster
apparently and there we go now let's see
here only child says hey guys I watched
your Madden stream from a while back on
YouTube I have a long-term love-hate
relationship with that game rich you
seem to like that game have you played
it since then know this right play the
single-player and character
yeah I used to play the Madden games
like my brother is a sports guy
and so we would play the sports games
but that was that was the only time I
played you know a football game or a
proper sports game in quite some time
help recharge though
oh okay so it's important to like get
behind and charge up let's see here
fleshy patch says does lady Thor have a
square jaw and huge biceps if so I'm
all-in I don't I've seen a picture of
her once
like I I barely understand what Thor
Thor is so I don't care about Thor
although rag nock seems like it could be
a fun time for ranked knock that could
be a fun time do you know that's a
homecoming is coming up a full right
knock vitamin we're getting a spider-man
movie before the next door yeah terrible
shot
oh yeah obviously like they want to they
want to get it out as soon as possible
but you know Thor's already established
hi rich Jack says John 1089 did either
of you catch summer games done quick
last week if not I'd recommend watching
a recording of donkey kong tropical
freeze or the japanese pepsi propaganda
game pepsi man some i saw that i saw a
bit of that yeah what is that what are
the pets what it sounds like comes
around you collect Pepsi cans nice nice
we I got a little bit of it here and
there I wasn't watching anything
specifically but caught a little bit yes
first time I counted all of those nice
and then when she glows orange is she
more susceptible to hit sir I'm not sure
okay no no I just fucked well there you
just had to time the - just right you
were on the right path I think - like
let it spread out a little bit but
well I was doing
when she glows orange she's invincible
oh okay is that what that means Jack
please tell rich that he can parry orbs
and - longer by holding the button down
okay
I've just said that out loud so I'm
assuming returning ice Wow was that Wow
is that
it's coming for you oh oh it's not
coming for you
it's America I'm dead nope there you go
you got me there you go there you go
really really good Perry yeah
and were you doing anything to do the
attack or did it automatically do that
okay so if you do a really good pair you
get the you get the close-up camera
angle I hate that
but it's the best job to have to play
pokemon go while you work
postman could you imagine if you are
postman like not even not even for
catching pokémon just like put a couple
eggs in incubators and you'd have you
have all and you know every every single
pokey stop you would be so set if you're
opposed for gainer for no good reason I
think she lost the light no she didn't
remember try holding down for longer
dashes
I'll pay attention to our health bar
since I can
we're on the road read pathes you can't
you can't use like cars or airplanes to
hatch eggs quicker because it also takes
into account your your built-in
pedometer
on your phone so it's not just about
distance travel and they also pay
attention to steps of travel so
so you would need it you would need a
job where you are walking around
yeah but they still have to walk a
neighborhood like they're still getting
tough ton of steps in and they're in an
oath it would the stand of time well
that's great
the the ring was a little light but that
was beautiful
okay for anyone who would like to stand
up we've been streaming for
approximately an hour and it's it's time
to stand up it's good for your health
good to get the blood circulating you
know rich is in a group so he's not
gonna when I'm gone
a little little stand up and stretch a
little stand up and stretch
Jack trigger drugs I do not enjoy
gambling I think gambling is dumb that's
fine moderation very fun it's really fun
when you win yeah that's why you only do
it moderation if you try to to chase a
loss that could be very miserable but am
I losing it Oh gamble that whistle let
let me go please that's fun that's the
real thing is it maybe you me make some
if you make money any any money that you
gamble you need to go in saying okay
this hundred dollars right here is
nothing to me I might as well throw it
away
yes and then and then it's alright but
now I it's fun I've done it it's fun
Jack oh I've listened I've gambled a lot
um and I usually even even if I make a
little bit of money out of all the times
I've gambled nine over ninety percent is
like I just should have kept that cuz
either I lost it or I came out you know
like not too much ahead and it's like I
could purchasing the experience and
maybe maybe you're not even paying you
go in yeah that's what I'm just mind
that's my ticket to my night of fun
that's the attitude you go in with sure
sure but I'm saying I'm saying after my
in my career of gambling more often than
not I've come away just saying I
probably should have just not gambled
Oh face
nice let's see here anonymous says hey
Jack here's a quick thing I made if you
can check it out real quick
I have that open now anonymous I don't
know if I'll be able to read all of it
right at this moment but I will check it
out all right great great this game
seems fun to play but it's very
monotonous to watch ah possibly possibly
yeah this is what this is why you need a
little you need some minions need some
grunts so that's still challenged but a
little bit easier just to kind of break
up the the boss battles whoa whoa igloo
now they're saying now is the time to
look for the blue buttons on the pillars
like that one right there is it now or
is it when she turns into a crab walky
lady I think it might be when she turns
into a crab I'm back between phases or
should I save it till she's even more
dangerous these are great questions
these are great questions rich
come ax a knife I do think it is
possible to make a good video game movie
I think it's very very possible I try I
don't think there has ever been an
example of a good video game why no
one's been able to do it I think is a
bigger shock to me because you can make
a good movie out of anything right I
don't know toys come off and do they
know what I think fairly often I've seen
a lot of good movies in your lifetime
you've probably seen a lot of good
movies I'm not saying you know actual
percentage I don't know
but you know maybe they're focused maybe
maybe video game movie makers are
focusing on the wrong aspect you know
the wrong aspect of you know oh we need
to get this mechanic in here we need to
explain this plot of the of the video
game in the story again just make a good
start
you got an achievement so I thought you
won sure sure
oh I did see that there is a parent Lee
a live-action Phoenix right zone that
could be fun right I know nothing of it
that could be fun let's see here
plushie patch says you haven't lived
until you've weighed your 10 10 grand on
a Super Bowl coin toss
if you have that kind of money
oh yeah there was the Angry Birds movie
I heard nothing but terrible things
about the Angry Birds movie yep ah no no
people love the Angry Birds you know
what I've seen a bunch of those Angry
Birds shorts two years too late oh sure
sure you mean that way but but I'm
saying like the Angry Birds shorts are
not that bad anonymous says why is it so
much fun watching rich get owned by
bosses what do you think apparently a
jack ball sack tree anyone wasn't
someone supposed to make a t-shirt for
that that's true
and rich makes funny noises and that I
think adds to the experience Angry Birds
movie might have made a ton of money I
have I just have no idea
I will check box office mojo go Angry
Birds movie had a production budget of
73 million dollars
oh yeah Angry Birds movie made a shit
ton money compared to their production
budget production budget of 73 million
total lifetime gross 337 million so
Angry Birds is doing just fine just fine
my stand-up time are happen
oh my god I do remember that now that
you mention it I didn't remember before
there was a Ratchet and Clank movie this
year there was like a for-real Zee
Ratchet and Clank movies that joke no
there was a real Ratchet & Clank movie
out this year no hold on hold on I will
tell you when it came out I'm out right
on box office mojo they'll tell me
Ratchet and Clank hoax huh
that's a hoax
it's little ratchet read that how you do
it
oh yeah okay that's how you did
alright you're taking over soon okay
Ratchet and Clank did not make a lot of
money was it in theaters or was it only
on like the PlayStation Store
oh no it had a wide opening it was in
theaters which there was a real Ratchet
and Clank movie this year in April it
was it was in theaters this was this is
a real thing
and I'm kind of amazed by this
what's the rotten tomatoes on ratcheting
flank
what is Rotten Tomatoes has to say about
a Ratchet and Clank oh my god more
fucking shot Ratchet and Clank has a 17
percent on Rotten Tomatoes graduation
17% on the thermometer on the tomorrow -
motive or surprising I guess if no one
saw it it must have sucked even if it
was good you know you get somewhere -
mouths not better than Batman vs
Superman I just checked on that today
Batman vs Superman has like a 20 a 20
something percent on Rotten Tomatoes so
not so Batman of Superman Batman vs
Superman slightly better than the
Ratchet and Clank movie what do the blue
buttons do the blue buttons draw her to
them and she gets momentarily distracted
but we're unsure if they're rich
believes and I think he might be right
that they're a one-time-use thing where
she you know like and so he's trying to
save them for when she's a little in her
third stage and she's a little more
difficult
Batman V Superman V Superman sorry not
Batman vs Superman b vs d OS do a link
in it
yeah I'm Paco I think this game is one
of those that's kind of all boss fights
and so I think all the boss fights are
ridiculously long because if you look at
her health it's not just her health bar
it's her health bar plus all of her
lives yeah so there's a lot there's
there's a lot in there
nice one yes yes
that is too many lines well you know
that's the game if it's just boss fights
the boss fights better be fucking epic
if you weren't grunting hi that's any
grunts ooh I would guess I think that's
the smart call you know like you have
games like Shadow of the Colossus which
is very atmospheric and so you know you
can use that atmosphere to your
advantage but this game is kind of a
slushy tacky slashy beat him up so yeah
like using this kind of power against
some grunts would be pretty satisfying
I also get to finish Metro you do need
to finish my very Prime that's a great
game great game Metroid Prime
well that's look
no I don't believe richer I have ever
played the Elder Scrolls series
oh sorry oh and Zowie
rich says the buttons do respawn okay so
if you feel like you need to use them do
it
have a level where you defeat 100 grunts
that would be great if just like if
there was one you know one of the boss
fights was just 100 bad guys that'd be
great
so in any any video game movie can make
you know like most video games you know
that we think of now we're based off of
movie or movies right like the Metroid
series is heavily influenced by alien so
boom I'm just saying you want to make a
Metroid movie Steve looked alien hey you
know the point is you look you look to
you look to the good movies you slap up
you slap a video game skin on it and you
got yourself some Akins there
hallo influenced by alien right you know
like Touche oh yeah your life back just
now I think I think because I carry for
the perfect bari so do you have to hold
and release for that long - okay
right and dough crumb unless you want to
make other em and then you're looking to
rip off 50 shades of gray those links
zinc's
Oh halo is influenced by aliens you're
right sure
anything in the space Marie you know
laughs because it's because it's very
obvious now that you're saying oh my god
that crowing animation
altameyer says I can safely say I will
never be playing this looks des not bad
yeah
now it looks neat
yeah
very nice
but what I don't know I don't know know
if she was in different times I've
gotten here before zero right right
oh no one at the top of this that's
wasn't it I would walk
got real rich fucking horseshit oh no no
it's devastating that was devastating
yeah I think I think we're in the parry
section of her of her duties now
for those who missed it rich hat was
charging up his sword slash for when she
was no longer invulnerable and right
when he swung she dashed out of the way
and rich fell into the lightning pit and
could use those buttons back any minute
now there might be more go searching
there on pillars to remember
nice
good
I've not hated like this in a while
you've had hated
oh shit
is it though yes all right all right
yeah
no buttons back
Oh rich damn dog right Oh God
Oh God
sweet Jesus
how did you even
what okay so I can't dodge it but I
think yes it's a long - yeah yeah
Oh
what
I have no idea what happened
yes
oh Jesus another one of these first time
I died
by dish oh sure
oh yeah no wrist remembers when she's
glowing orange she's invulnerable
oh yeah no just just people people
helping
that's bullshit
Jesus what I think you might have fallen
off the edge it's TV okay
fuck you up did you do it I think so oh
wait rich Oh cutscene Jesus this is
gonna be fine just a badass cutscene oh
whoops
nice nice
let's see here because movie says hey
guys here's two bucks towards Jack and
rich twin dolls maybe they can take your
places in the hell that is we love the
worst reviews let's hear it for that
juicy Shaq meet your turn

[Part II]
a dozen and just so I can hear the
actors
what is the story of this game f if I
know is the story of this game so they
put on a change if that's the app I
clued you in - you can set a daily
schedule for the stand up timer or even
have a girlfriend
yes leftover beefcake and that's what I
did do I did it for Sunday and Wednesday
nights so even if I forget to turn it on
it should automatically turn on press X
once during these great I think I did
that okay here we go
I don't I am in general a pretty a
pretty slow reader and so subtitles are
difficult for me but you know you do
want to hear how the original actor
portrays a character and so a lot of
times for foreign films I'll just watch
it twice
once so I understand the story and then
once to take in the actors performance
well you feel it it's like a dream the
breeze the piece feels like we could
take off and leave this place behind us
Jack do you ever make food in a big pot
for yourself but because you're lazy you
just eat it out of the pot instead of
plating it no usually I plate usually I
played all my food that's a normal thing
for me to put my food on a plate that's
what that's what putting your food on a
plate how do you feel about putting food
on a plate I feel very good about
putting food in a plate we usually put
it well they said they make it like a
big pot of food and then instead of but
then get lazy and just eat it right out
of the pot no no I was putting the bowl
or pot metal plate or something I will
oftentimes will get pizza and instead of
eating plates we'll just take the pizza
box and rip it in half yeah but it's on
something it's on something but it's
like I don't know where I'm going I
don't think I'm going I don't like it
how slow I'm moving during this this is
this is frustrating
light it up I got an achievement
apparently I did something I did
something what's down the center I tried
going hope oh now I'm moving without me
touching it okay
what is happening
now you're at this little walking pseudo
well but I'm not touching it in how long
I ain't know it's weird with oh oh
that's I must have press X because if
you press X you auto-lock you know what
okay then
honestly
can you explain why some names have
become unethical in twitch chat or am I
going and saying I don't know why at
Lloyd beats it's completely new
information to me yep
are you spelling the name wrong I can't
wait for the worst first walking
simulator game to actually have an auto
walk button when will that happen cuz
it's gonna happen right that's gotta
happen sooner or later if this game if
this game takes off it's gonna happen
sooner or does that take away from the
experience we know almost nothing about
twitch or how our x-axis beefcake
beefcake knows more about twitch than we
do no I get it you gotta have something
between boss fights but you know like
that we're walking upside down in
sideways and stuff this would be an
awesome minion area don't you think yeah
like yes I like walk upside down and
fight minions while you're coming to
this place that would be great that
would be
we're not gonna make you do this fight
upside down I think that would be
incredibly challenging
you'll try to play cool the on-rails
walking simulator technically check
fruit by the magician co-op is a running
simulator technically that's right
that's the point of all this I have no
idea rich this is what is the fucking
point of all of this you know what this
is doing filling time that is exactly
what's - yes and so that way we know
with all the boss battles and with all
the walking it can say it's a 20-hour
game and revive boss battles you know if
someone wanted they could be this game
really if they're pretty good they give
you two really fast okay okay well
stretch it out we'll stretch out the
content I hope the next step
agdq so that we can see the glitches
that used to get around this shit I
don't hate this game now I just think
that's a little bit annoying them one
aspect of it you can hate parts of a
game hating the whole you can like parts
of a game without hating the whole
either or without liking the whole like
you can like certain aspects of the game
and overall think it's a bad game just
like you can hate certain aspects of it
and still like it yeah okay what does
what do there yeah there's a speedrun
mode without Milwaukee bits you have to
beat the game on normal to unlock it
yeah that doesn't change our point that
it's a trick to giving a game of the
illusion of more length than it has
possibly I just don't get it what what
the appeal is of it my god
but I can remove you from a life here
and now capture you and bring you back
okay what does what you figured out it's
not pretty simple okay
hey is the dodge you can charge your
sword
oh right so I still learning the
controls okay yeah let's expect to lose
this time this is just learning the
controls hit hold down X that charges
you stored know you figured out how to
shoot right yep hold down the right
trigger like oh that's a gun there's a
little bit extra kick and then B is Peri
all right
which now if you got try it against the
orbs just pray like we can do this again
storm's well these are orbs I shot Oh
probably not those them and maybe I what
do I know what the fuck - I don't I've
already died once well
oh yeah no this is me just learning the
controls like like break out present
deceptive if you hit him with with your
gun they bounce back yeah but they're
getting smaller some of them I noticed
see oh my god it is breakout that's
funny yeah but then you're dodging
you're wrong that's fine get the help
what
all right so I don't think your ones
that bounce back do any damage so I
guess you just have to keep shooting and
deal with the number of ricochets those
do damage
this is like the scene in Tron we had to
shoot for this got a master control
program yes it is Weedle in my way in
whittlin my way and hey there we go
there we go finally got oh shit come on
come on man move your shit another
twenty five little too much yeah and and
the old man just said you're under the
illusion of control and it's like calm
weed I don't want to do another one I
don't want to do another game about the
illusion of control right the boss yeah
you are under the illusion of control I
fuck you every single goddamn game does
that
they have to have art games half of the
art blicket sorry I hurt it was terrible
because it didn't have a story oh I know
that about doing rich I mean I was gonna
tell you but I figured you knew that
already tight well thank you I guys have
to get the microphone as far away
because I didn't want to sneeze in all
your faces well I'd sneeze in their ears
like like sneeze would come out of their
speakers or to come out of the monitor
what is it coming out
well the is if you're sneezing into the
microphone I have to come out of the
speaker's the sound would come out of
the speaker's the the actual snot would
come out of them of the monitor nice
okay okay I meant I meant I did not want
to sneeze in their ears of course I'm
gonna die no I've accepted I'm going to
die before this fight started because I
didn't remember I didn't know how to use
the controls when that fight started so
now we can start giving a chance I still
I'm not a hundred percent confident in
what's going on but I'm willing to give
it a chance
oh I can I can shoot my own bullets so
I'm assuming the Chet almost unanimously
prefers sub I I think sub does generally
like if you a snob thing if you are a if
you are a well or even a helmet jerk
you're I'm just teasing though no I
believe if you are a film snob you
prefer subs and I do I mean snob
respectfully you know if you are a
connoisseur you prefer subs I don't see
many foreign films but I didn't see the
you ever see this clip on YouTube called
Bo Bob Terminator an indian terminator i
think oh yeah of course
i've seen the actual film at that anyway
just called robot robot yeah it's not
it's not dubbed but the actual actors do
speak English then sometimes they switch
back to Hindi Hindi yeah and they go
back and forth and at some point your
brain doesn't even notice I think
sometimes you're listening other times
you're reading sometimes interest at
some point I wasn't even aware of the
transition very interest yeah I went for
a help
you can even shoot your own bullets
which is very helpful
oh oh I got him oh shit thank you
they've kind of done that but somebody
suggested going around the circle in the
same direction of the rotation really it
really it's just about shooting your own
bullets down I believe
shoot or dodge through just kind of have
to bullet-hell those oh my god yeah I
don't think getting in close just gonna
go no probably not
sometimes that's how we learned learn
through failure rich damn you for
playing such a cool looking game I just
planned to briefly draw a friend that I
had spend the rest of my night watching
my stories oh sorry sorry we do
something cool for a change that's a
problem I can't win I can't find a one
Jack can't wait nope you don't you you
would know that already rich supposed to
shoot this George is always the wrong
temperature I shoot it - past the orbs I
bet you couldn't - pass things okay yeah
I can - passing through between them we
keep - like through the bullet I don't
know I mean
that's right I just wrong about Bing of
the - turbo I'm dashing I don't know if
I'm going through them or going in
between them but you know that I I seem
to get hit less if I - so I'm wrong
frequently you can - the revenant okay
okay
fuck
try again jack
I'm just dumb oh come on
that's his pattern who died and then he
goes through this routine back not just
back over now - back end over I'm trying
to I'm trying to find the timing
you're not finding a phone booth you
fighting me bilham ten time machine
after the grassman things who the fuck
knows right hey hey
Oh was that a good parry I don't I mean
I don't know it's it wasn't good enough
to stop him but it was good enough to
not get hit yeah he's mocking me
I'm sure him yeah I mean I wouldn't
doubt it
what what I don't know okay are you
starting at that that's the McDonald's
of anime they're talking about either
the Rudo or dragon balls in front of
Jesus Christ I don't even have to read
the conversation to figure that out and
I don't watch anime the name of the game
necropolis sounds familiar
I've probably seen something about it
somewhere but I don't remember what it
is now look into it later
it's all like it's all I can do for you
it's parent it's super fair super fair
rich I have this one crucial anime that
you have to see yep okay yep you have
your set up a proper postage on it need
proper postage and then throw it in the
dumpster uh-huh it'll get to me don't
worry about it
yep that's true that's absolutely true
it always gets to Richard and all animes
gets rich eventually don't specifically
dumpster animes yep
he has a deal with the local garbage
unit yeah Union and they know they know
that all dumpsters go to him they're
real okay I got to him and I still have
all my lives
nope
nope
you know MP says every anime I have seen
has such silly voices I can't take any
of these seriously you listen to them
that's title No probably well I know I
can't stand the voices on basically
every female in a subbed anime they all
sound like five year old girls and it's
just obnoxious
like every single female character
sounds like it's like a child like a
small child hey I got to this part okay
you know what we're dealing with one
part at a time
oh come on let you confirm for a lolly
hater probably probably because I'm not
a pedophile
oh what a lolly hater I think those are
the small girls that are prevalent in
anime oh Jesus Christ
there's an eighth law of course there's
a name for them yeah yeah yeah y'all
y'all perverts needs to settle down
every second
come on
I don't have this parry thing down yet
and we are at the peri section of the
level
and the game wants me to know how to
parry and I don't
so this phone bills just kicking your
ass it's not the phone booth the phone
booth I can get obviously like it you
know fuck I've ever it's this part
because it's because the Perry's I don't
know how to pair a Dodge well no here
here I need to pair it so and then that
happens you can't dodge I could but why
cuz I can Perry
well Perry's killing you so don't parry
dodge and then come back and for him
no I guess not letting me hit him see
he's shielding so I need to Perry wait
until after his combos you can get him
but now there you go okay I'm sure you
can pop me Perry - I mean there were
times when I could have P read the
bondage journal the bondage job Segway
the bondage cigarette and I said fuck it
I'm just gonna die here attacks in here
afterwards
yes I know anime is varied I am
generalizing that makes me a horrible
person horrible person or person and
you're wrong about anime it's an art
form rich it's art and you need to
respect it
aka I like a thing so you need to like
that I know you know how it works
wait why are we acting like this is news
I had this conversation before no you
know maybe someones knew or maybe they
just like poking at you they're playing
a little game called poke the bear
and I see let's see if we can get rich
all riled up because the anime
sri Jim says Irish I know you're not a
fan of anime but you mentioned you've
watched a few before which ones have you
seen so far and happened to like the
only one I wouldn't recommend you guys
is monster the anime based off of these
Charlize Theron movie I saw mermaid scar
I thought it was appropriately creepy I
had an interesting hilum hi watch Dragon
Ball Z when it was on more'n kind of
like a stupor animes stupid like I can't
believe this is a thing that exists I'm
just watching this thing and I'm like
nothing has happened in this episode
these two characters in literally for
the last 30 minutes
they've just been staring at each other
uh-huh that's a full episode oh my god
and then I think Cartoon Network we're
showing like Dragon Ball Z back-to-back
and then the next half-hour was those
same two characters just staring at each
other half an hour ha ha and I had I had
kind of like a morbid fascination with
it sure sure
I've seen a key rum I can appreciate the
the animation a lot but I don't like any
of the characters like any of them
she's gonna know I noticed that I
noticed that
nope nope I see what's happening I see
what's happening and I've seen bits and
pieces of other things here and there
but obviously nothing I've watched
religiously I've seen a little bit of
Gundam Wing
like I've seen like shit like Voltron
Ninja Scroll which at the time I kind of
remember liking it mostly because I
thought the last battle enough is really
clever and somewhat recently I want to
re-watch it and I couldn't stand it so
a crack English
I know I know you keep mentioning Cowboy
Bebop I've just never seen it
the zerk sounds potentially fun from
what I've heard mm-hmm never seen it
oh that's something I actually kind of
like I like I really like the first
three specifically the first three
episodes of Trigon until it starts
turning into a full of itself animate as
opposed to something that's
light-hearted but I really like the
first three episodes or so
I had not seen goes to the show correct
my ghost in the shell'
sounds good cousin shells good
yes the first three episodes of tri
gunner before knives was introduced
that's before it was revealed that he
was a light bulb alien up fuck
spoilers rich look I think trigun this
past the point of spoilers Trigon is
like a 20 year old at this point
somebody said here's somebody saying you
control when the waves come out of
villains heads machine jack you just
have you just take it slow I think maybe
every time you shoot him they do they do
shoot us just take us long and instead
of doing a normal bullet maybe you never
know I managed to charge one I know uh
yeah
yeah like part of it feels like I need
to do that part of it just feels like I
need to get good you know I'm still
working on like the refresh rate of the
- because it's not instantaneous we
can't just - - - - - and I want it to be
and I know it's not so part of that's
just me gotta get gotta get my head on
got to get my head on right
what just make it I'm making noises rich
I'm filling the dead air with noises
that's all I'm doing
dead air because all these exciting
visuals that are going there watching
you valiantly try to defeat the thing
kind of defeat the thing kind of defeat
the thing why do I have to defeat the
thing I don't know because it's a gaming
stream and the game is about defeating
two things oh no I know but in the game
why do you have to defeat the thing well
we have the people fair we've been
paying no attention to the cutscene
that's true that's true there's
certainly a very good reason
debating in my head I guess by saying
this it's been decided whether or not I
should talk in the chat about one of my
earliest experiences with Annabeth oh
Jesus
that sounds like a terrible idea but yes
you should do it I was in high school
90s mid mid 90s when this thing I mean
becoming big was first becoming a thing
really and it was a similar my school
what was on friendly terms with you he
wasn't in any of my classes because he
was one of the special-needs do but I'd
see him around and that was friendly
with him and just one day gives me a
video of the monster to watch this
that's really really really good video I
think I think you'll like this yeah sure
sure I take a home and I put it in and
it's like this is a horrible disgusting
ahead of time
Oh God then the next day I have this
horribly awkward experience of handing
the special-needs kid back his anime
porno and it's just the most awkward
thing ever
here you go and I didn't really like it
I guess
that would explain a lot yes it would it
probably would what was the title
typical question typical chat question
right there
nothing ultimately nothing but bags
Francis with that kid is that for the
anime thing like after high school I run
into this guy years later uh-huh
I'm at the bookstore with with Karen is
more her friends and he's there uh-huh
and I see him I say hey how you doing he
just says oh you're losing your hair too
and that was that was that was when I
first realized I was actually starting
to lose my hair I like hadn't noticed up
until then and it was just the worst
feeling in the world oh hey you're
losing your hair oh thanks
tells it like it is she was a special
kid he's real special huh
he was reassure some socially awkward he
was a special needs student
every second
oh who told you we all said we all said
we weren't gonna tell you she was
standing right next we all talked about
this right we all said we weren't going
to tell you
I'm gonna get this get this nope I'm not
gonna get oh sorry that was right in the
microphone that was right in the
microphone everyone that's fine
gonna need a water gonna need of
what-what-what's I stand up time we're
looking like it went off 12 minutes ago
and I didn't hear it
I'm gonna stand up I know I'm not really
in control I see that you're not really
in control it's true it's true I'm gonna
I'm gonna get some water I'll be right
back
oh god I already forgot new controls
uh-huh well I'll probably suck later on
I've got this part down just by watching
we're took over my getting good I'm okay
with that I'm getting sort of okay ish
uh ya know this first part I was able to
get through the shield part with all of
my lives and and help well you get all
your health back when you want to treat
the shield parts well it counts because
I got to the next stage with all I ever
I'm with everything I don't care how I
got there does it come out August 9th no
man's sky August 9th
yeah I can only imagine that that's a
big hype game whether we stream it
whether we do an episode on it I'm sure
we will play it that is a big that is a
game full of the hype of course of
course
well I they were just asking if we were
planning on picking it up and I think
that is fair to say that the answer is
yes
it's gonna get delayed again ik it could
good good let's see here
anonymous says the most awesome album by
Sir Patrick Stewart has just come out
it's real and you can buy it and what do
you think now is this him singing
country music I'm not gonna click on the
like I think that's a joke
yeah according to according to the the
creators it is done the game is done and
ready to go so we got to deal with a lot
of Sony stuff now but it's up to you
rich I think I I think I played all last
room I think I had the controller for
being tired
I had the controller for the entirety of
inside so you seem to have a good groove
with this game and I have a PS Plus
membership so I can always play it at
home
- the hair is dropping oh I thought the
discussion was about star citizen no no
no no man's sky is ready to go according
to the developers and that's very
exciting news for anyone who's seen it
at the past two e3s now we've seen it
like I think those you have to counter
one and then he moves to the next phase
just go yeah that's fine
inside is a for our simple puzzled
disappointment no no there was a lot of
decent puzzles in there I you know what
I in fact I went to our official prereq
steam page and recommended it I think
overall rich and I are in agreement that
the puzzles are a little simple and the
story airs on the side of RT it's it's
all subtext with no main text that's a
really good way to play that's a really
good way to put it yeah the story's a
little too arty and the puzzles are
slightly too simple but it's a beautiful
world and you know some some fun some
fun times to be had especially with the
ending so I still recommend like if you
didn't see the stream I recommend to
play or watch the stream because some
craziness happens there's some there's
some craziness inside enough craziness
for me to recommend it as an a gaming
experience
rich says anonymous just wondering if
you've stolen any more games from little
kids recently like Grand Theft Auto
little Jimmy's grandpa dental not my
fault little Jimmy forgot to take his
copy and grant that five out of his
PlayStation now my damn fault grandma
you care about it so much you find
little Jordyn grandma Christmas where's
my Grand Theft Auto but I can't play
because we sold the ps4 it's fine it's
all fine grandma we sold our second ps4
I thought so you know oh we're all they
have to now on your mind just to fuck
with me well that's great oh and by the
way someone was uh someone corrected me
someone was asking about good remakes
and I mentioned the fog as a good remake
and everyone was like what are you
talking about the fog is terrible I was
like no the fog is a really good movie
apparently the movie that I wanted to
say was the mist the movie with uh with
the Punisher what's his name Thomas Jane
whatever movie is with that right
whatever movie is with Thomas train I
think it's the the mist maybe I said the
fog and I meant the mist but I I
remember in that ice cream I was very
adamant was like no I remember seeing
that movie that was a really good movie
now in the chat it was you know way up
on my dick like hey that movie really
sucks and I was very confused because I
thought everyone was in agreement that
that movie was awesome and as it turns
out I was just naming a different blurry
weather movie you know I'm in the mist
not the fog I haven't seen the fog but
the mist is good
the mist is not good either well I've
seen them the mist with Thomas training
I think is good
I remember watching that and enjoying it
and now that I know I'm talking about
the correct one
let's go back
yeah yeah yeah yeah
any natural disaster films you guys tend
to enjoy twister volcano Dante's Peak
Armageddon deep impact all the above for
very different reasons actually now all
above for the same reason because
they're terrible but fun to watch 2012
well what about Armageddon is it you
never saw him again it is a big dumb
movement it's a it's a huge dumb movie
and it's great it's great ironically
it's a big big dumb movie
and everyone who's seen it agrees that
it's a big deal movie even the people
who were in it
yep he's tough he's tough
there's gotta be oh I think you had it
right at five yeah for how tough these
bosses are I would be either I'm just
thinking of me as a player now like when
would you just be fatigued no you're
fatigued it - oh no this is 3:00
this guy's not especially fun
I'm I'm gonna bet that the the devs at
5:00 in them
458 bosses is what they're saying longus
game yep yep
nope ah
beefcake leftover Eve cakes is Jax since
your legs will be hulk-like due to all
the walking and biking from playing
Pokemon go this tip is to start a fund
so you can buy some new pants
Thank You beefcake yeah oh I've been
feeling it biking is just something that
I've been wanting to do for a while no
not especially
like I mean we every once in a while the
whole family will bike but really for me
and like you know I come to the studio
often enough and I live just close far
enough away where biking is a good
option yeah
and I've always felt bad about not
Viking the old bike that I had though
was kind of big and heavy and I'm kind
of a pain to ride so I just got a new
bike and so I've been trying to bike
more on just for for healthy for heard
um healthy reasons and you know don't
spend gas money could have a you know an
extra beer while I'm here because I
don't need to worry about driving home
intoxicated so I have been just in
general trying to bike more as it so
happens biking and Pokemon go work great
together but that's not why I started
hiking biking drunk also potentially
dangerous that yeah I guess if you're
really drunk but it's I I don't get
smashed while stuck here so
and I got a folding bike the but the wah
have anything to say on biking from I
guess just fall under public
intoxication actually I would assume
that they would still bust you for a
drunk driving I mean really
oh I don't know no they can't you don't
need a license to drive a bike I think
you can get a DUI while on your bike I
think it counts as I think it counts as
driving driving while intoxicated chat
well you know
you can get a DUI on a tractor my guess
is not you know what it may be not DUI I
probably get in trouble there's probably
some sort of fine at it or something
they can give me but it's not like I get
super drunk and it really it's not about
that it's fun it's about the other stuff
no gas money not taking the car out not
and you know a little exercise and as it
so happens now
put a little Pokemon machine you down
there and hatch all my eggs
all the time yeah all the timing was off
but uh yeah all the walking I've gone on
more and I've always liked going for
walks you know but my kids have never
ever hey I'll just go for a walk around
the block I've always loved doing it
especially like after dinner you know
foods digest and get the blood moving
love that that's one uh one of my
favorite things they've never been down
with that but now they're down what's
going for just a walk around the block
to see what Pokemon are in the
neighborhood and that's the important
thing
hey is this game fair with it with its
difficulty yes I think it's I think it's
fair I think the question that rich is
struggling with is is it fun right now
no the first boss battle yeah and the
second one yes this one I think it seems
fair you know you got to get good you
have to memorize the patterns and the
timing but fair and fun are different
things
jack says Sarah Jen how do you manage to
stay awake and chipper for so long after
you've been drinking I'm trying my
darndest right now to stay unsleep eat
in just years of practice and well you
know I have me I had coffee today but
yeah you guys will often see me with a
late night coffee I did not have that I
am I'm just so used to not sleeping that
it's just kind of how I am right now
that was really close that was really
close get hyper at first and then very
sleepy you know all right I'll say it
all say it's bullshit what where this
restarts you it's bullshit
oh sure that is complete bullshit I need
all this again to get back to why I was
yeah you know it's just kind of a level
right
helmet says I just imagine drunk jack
being helped by his children through the
street at night daddy we should get home
no kids we're getting this stupid
Pikachu no I would never be that drunk
in front of my children there I like the
imagery though I like the imagery of
just like someone like one more but you
can get I saw the Pikachu's close he's
close we can get him dad it's it's it's
late gotta get that Pikachu
ace
the car good car
no honey was every fun
now you know sometimes it's really fun
like playing with my kids the Pokemon go
because you know mostly because like
they just act as walking machines for me
like if I'm trying to hatch an egg I
kids take my think okay get yourself a
get yourself a pokémon's sometimes
though I want to play well and I feel
like an utter I would feel like an utter
jerk telling my children that they can't
play the Pokemon game because daddy
wants to play daddy Melissa we all needs
to take turns but you know I would I
would feel bad and you know if I play a
little bit but that's that's the hardest
the hardest part is just being like oh
hey there's there's a Pokemon that we
that we don't know you know over here
maybe we could try checking out there
and then like a Weedle pops up and you
catch we Dalls like like they're like
their own analogy that i can't think of
right now and they'll just want to catch
a weed oh because they just like
catching pokémon they don't care about
like catching the new pokemon or
possibly a more powerful pokémon they
just want to catch any pokemon it's like
come son of a bitch there's a shadow
over there that we could get
ah is destroyer says did JC the boy blob
and if so what did he think of it and my
unum username is pronounced is destroyer
sorry
it stands for a star destroyer imperial
star destroyer I don't know I don't know
if JSON boy blob I've never even heard
of boy blob knowing J the answer is
either yes no or he hasn't yet but plans
on it or he doesn't plan on it okay let
me I'm gonna log on to movies J's Singh
Kham J flicks there's there's a couple
URLs that will take you to the same site
and then it's a nanny site full of
useful information of what movies J's
that's the worst is when you know the
pattern and you fuck it up come on Jim
Oh God oh right sorry the boy blob
sounded like a movie they meant his
Jason the boy blob that you texted him
while we were playing inside on Friday
oh yeah alright ha
what sorry everyone sorry for being
snide that very much sounded like did
Jay see this movie yeah we assumed it
was you know it was a logical assumption
on our part but there was still an
assumption you get some shion's no no
they're necessary double-checking every
single thing
huh
he goes to the center
I think if you - near those you like
scoop them up
you're backing this fight rich you're
back in this fight yes
nice where do we go back to
armillary I can't hopefully you're
asking that just for the chat our Miller
wants to know if the current wheel
episode is better than the last best of
the worst episode I'm incredibly not
qualified to answer that question
so hopefully you're asking that to the
chance of chat what did you think of the
latest we love the worst episode I mean
I know Canadians were in it but you know
we have to try to be nice to our
neighbors to the north
Oh someone is saying if you don't shoot
the pillar here you can get free health
by shooting the glowing the the brighter
yellow arms some of the orbs are like
bright yellow and those will give you
help right langa scum the pillar is not
invulnerable you have to defeat the
pillar in order to move forward in the
level so that's why you were shooting
the pillar is you have to defeat the
pillar first and then he gets off of the
pillar and then you can continue with
the waves don't show up if you don't
shoot ah that's first time I well second
time I saw that right right yeah you're
still learning I saw the red short order
so I don't know what you're talking
about fuck my cock Jay was there for the
entirety of the wheel in the worst
episode oh yeah that happens sometimes
these guys never clean their lenses I
mean he spills his alcohol everywhere so
it's only logical that some god of the
camera
Muppet that whole that whole lady with
the cow puppet thing I think that was
more bizarre than the the make a doll
that looks like your kid yeah if I
wouldn't if I had not seen the videos
there was no there's no way I would
believe she was actually making those
horrible faces you know but she there
are people who throw their boys that
don't make awful faces
the comedy magician is still active
really well there you go there you go
the videos like the cow lady are always
the most painful it for me to watch
because you know she made those out of
the goodness of her heart yeah but did
she make it out of the goodness of her
heart then why is she making and selling
a video if it's out of the goodness of
her heart that's my question God pays it
exactly so it's not just fun from the
goodness of her heart she's thinking
she'd get some cash for this unless she
was not charging for the video like if
she was just giving it away then you
guys are heartless monsters yeah it's
not heartless monsters business that's
just what is is
fuck come on rich I hate you so much
are there any new comedians I like no I
don't know I haven't seen too much
stand-up I did I recently started
watching broad city which is a Comedy
Central show and the two ladies who are
the two comedian ladies who are in that
are very very funny so if that counts as
favorite comedians the that show in
general I don't know the last time I
laughed so hard at a TV show
malee ranchers you are wrong broad city
is brilliantly brilliantly funny good
characters funny jokes I'm in it I'm in
it broad city is great i i watched the
pilot episode of lady dynamite maria
bamford new netflix show and did not
much care for it so
I'm just gonna be here grabbing all the
help you do need to catch broad city I
think it's incredibly funny it had me it
had me completely hooked after a couple
episodes I was a little worried you know
they have a little bit of like pot humor
and buy pot humor I mean they like smoke
pot and isn't it so funny that we're
smoking pot is the joke you know right
and I'm not a huge fan of that so but
then but it's not it's not a lot of that
and it's it's it's fun
however many you want right you want to
say one more you can say one more that's
fine this is it you can do it rich I
believe in you
you know all's moves pay attention to
those to those counters they seem to be
really important just watch him watch
him like a hawk
Sara Chen's a Sajak no no worries about
the questions uh what's your most
favorite and least favorite Miyazaki
slash Studio Ghibli film for me it's
Princess Mononoke and marine was there
and least is Nausicaa I actually haven't
seen all of them roppa I mean spirited
away is really up there for me just
because of all of the lovely and bizarre
visuals as far as most favorite also
punyo it's been actually been a while
since I've seen fun now but I remember I
wrote upon you know really fondly as far
as the least I remember Howl's Moving
Castle not being terribly into it but
even then when it's been on it's been a
while since I've seen I need to you know
what I need to catch up
I need to rewatch a bunch of ones that I
saw a long time ago like Princess
Mononoke I saw a long time ago Kiki's
Delivery Service I saw a long time ago
and I just don't remember if they're
good or not
yeah like howls it just nothing really
resonated with me but spirited away all
the visuals they're all of all the
ghosty guys yeah a dreamer chica I've
seen most of them with my kids they
haven't seen Princess Mononoke yet
because I know that one's a little a
little harsh but for them like for my
kids of course it's all about my
neighbor totoro that's the only thing
they care about they fucking they
fucking love that giant screaming cat
that's all that matters to them a pitch
here's my pitch for the rlm original
horror movie says epic Jason a lady who
uses the cow puppet gets possessed by
the spirit of a Mesopotamian deaf
goddess and becomes and to become at
least Cole a demonic clown who
terrorizes helpless children by feeding
their sadness by feeding on their
sadness and turning them into my twin
dolls I like it make it happen
ready to start writing it send it to us
strategies
yeah I mean you could cheese it for a
little bit and wait for more those boy
blocks to count maybe
I never got these look like health
clothes yeah
I cracked English
I gave my nephew a DVD of my neighbor
totoro and he told me it was boring I
don't talk to that nephew anymore oh man
I guess it starts a little slow but yeah
tell me get good
oh really
god I hate you
why is this the hardest thing I've ever
had to do
why does it stir me all the way backward
does I really want to know I can only
assume this is a sort of it was long
tedious ship only assumed this might be
an indie title and or more more likely
rich this is another level of padding on
their part and the the difficulty is you
know might might be a tad bit unfair to
add to the length of the game if I'm
going to continue on my theme of of they
stretched it out a little bit saying
you're wrong now I'm not saying that's
definitely the case but
a little Nintendo you know there's
Nintendo hard and then there's Nintendo
hard with no with no save points to Chez
Paree yeah just can't get that timing
right no no it's not forgiving
now these guys back
along have the train to game is Nintendo
hard when it's made artificially
difficult in order to pad it's like okay
I love stiff that's part of the
definition of Nintendo hard then I think
this game is fits right in there
ya know I think it's like it's really
nice of the game to give you help at
these points if you know if you know
what you're looking for
oh shit what the funneled care
prepare to meet your fate
understand the time we're just gonna
give it a second
let's go
nice
he's going oh okay I'm with you
shit
oh the fucking carries are bullshit
jyggalag never in the history of red
letter media has anyone ever seen a
movie before it's been out in the
theatres so in the pre so you know a lot
a lot of critics and reviewers will be
able to see early copy you know early
screeners of a movie in order to get
their review out in time red letter
media does not no one here has seen
Ghostbusters yet no well they
specifically mentioned the review
embargo has been lifted now so maybe oh
just dig that knife in rich dig it right
in
well if you know this why do you say
anything you know I we can't detect
sarcasm through text I hate your mother
for birthing in
prepare to meet your fate
I'm done done I'm done this fucking this
fucking Perry's are awful fucking awful
and see what I can do here
if the parries didn't feel like bullshit
I would probably enjoy it yeah
there's like a one frame window I think
I it's not even when it glows I see the
glow when I hit the parry button I get
my ass kicked
why bother with the fucking glow now
that was funny that was being done being
fired are you trying to kill me
yeah that was Ben that has been being
silly my head burst every every vivid
vein in my forehead just explodes and I
die uh-huh there will be no more stream
yeah ever but they'd be able to watch it
live they might like them oh they might
like that ever smashed or broken
anything in rage from playing a video
game
yes not a long time though but I've
thrown my controller around yeah yep
don't shoot the booth just dodge oh yeah
my name's dodge and wait for the glowing
ones ps2 controller look I'm really old
I've messed controllers are two story to
break but I'm sure I have thrown one
around
I'm smashed it into things the order I
kick things that are not kicked like the
controller I'm a little bit too adult
for that these days look
but I'm enraged I look for expendable
things to take it out on extremely cheap
tables half the warehouse here is just
filled with cheap tables knowing that
rich is gonna knock him over how would
you rate this game um too difficult but
practice some shirts great once you know
what exactly what to do
I I think the timing on the blocks was
bullshit especially considering kind of
have to do it against this guy
if I see a flash and I hit the block
button that that should be the cute
blonde
I can't think of any PlayStation one or
two games hard enough to make me do it
you know in spider-man for the ps1 there
was like a like a challenge room a time
challenge room collect things and so
much time and in order to unlock one of
the costumes I did like we didn't her
like eight seconds or something observed
and that was frustrating as hell
look I we have not been watching any of
the Ghostbusters reviews because we're
probably going to review it and we don't
want to read other reviews I I don't
even know what it is on Rotten Tomatoes
I think it's doing okay um okay all
right
you remember beating up with yeah whoo
what came first specifically like I know
I beat Super Mario Brothers I don't
remember if I beat it before some of the
other games I beat well you know like
I'm sure I've beaten Super Mario
Brothers I don't remember that like I
remember beating Mario 3
I remember beating Mega Man 2 the first
day I got it mm-hmm
that I clearly remember that's an
accomplishment yeah first day be yeah
yeah that's good like oh I clearly
remember the first time I beat Super
Mario Brothers you know like there there
are clear memories of my head of beating
that but what about the games took me
the longest time to be hmm like in game
time or I just put it down for ten years
that's an interesting question I'm
asking it was I have a clear answer all
right wasn't one yet Mike Tyson's
punch-out ha ha ha how long did it take
you to be dead I think I finally beat it
like 7 or 6 years ago
I picked the game back up wasn't a dull
I've never been able to be Tyson he's
just he's insane oh yeah
he's insane and I just i sat down one
evening I was gonna do it I'm gonna beat
Mike Tyson everybody shut up everybody
shut up I'm turning my phone off and oh
god I died so many fuckin times trying
when I finally started to get a hang of
it
mm-hmm and then I'm in like round 3
mm-hmm and I'm driving around too and
I'm I'm doing really really good and
then there was a break in the fight no
no this was around 3 I don't think I was
in round 3 it was a break of the fight
like I knocked Tyson down and then Karen
starts knocking on the door she'd never
keys with her and I got carrot inside I
dropped the controller I sprint over to
get the door and I think I literally
broke my toes it hurt for like a week
afterwards and then I sprinted back to
the couch after opening the door and I'd
beat Tyson even though my toe hurt like
hell I didn't give a shit you could just
stand around outside just wait you know
open the door who knows how long it's
gonna take minutes well I guess that
would that would like mentally that
would distract you from the games
because like even though you're come
straight on the game in the back of head
like how Karen's gonna be pissed at me
for later I maybe I'm probably rubbery
she probably didn't knock like after he
was down she was probably like knocking
on the door while I was still fighting
and I was like waiting for him to go
down so I could run him to get that door
you couldn't pause it I'm trying to
remember if he could pause during that
if I was just didn't like the zone I
wasn't thinking about it I don't know I
loved it it could have been I was just
in the zone and my brain wasn't working
that could have been in at which point I
feel really stupid
carry the wait outside for 10 minutes
you broke a toe ran like hell I guess I
coulda positive chat a signal pause and
punch out okay okay okay okay I guess
that makes sense see that you could you
could do like ad hoc slow-mo if you just
keep pausing yeah so yeah all right well
great well great I'm done with this game
yeah yeah I might pick it up later that
seemed like a bullshit fight right there
try the first two well you won't be able
to try the first one I'll go back to
like I said it's PS oh let's play at
home oh sorry
where's the mouse oh oh you you all tell
me before I properly quit oh yeah okay I
thought that was just me quitting it was
time to almost perfectly
oh all right
now is the time in the stream in which
we think the people who subscribe to us
during the stream much like Bunga Doug
who subscribed for 22 fucking months in
a row Banga Doug says I need a rich
Evans MyTwin
you know what if you are a doll maker
get ahold of us and you know 
see if you can make a rich Evans doll
we can sell to people to
decimals okay why don't you take over this for
bed just I'll be right back just keep
just keep going okay riot crew 25 fuckin
months in a row riot crew says thanks
for over two years of streaming and
thank you rich for introducing me to FTL
been playing it for months it's great
that is great Harry fed 17 months in a
row
Striker1121, 14 months in a row.
Budget_Messiah
Budget_Messiah, happy birthday Mike and Jay.
also because movie because movie
says thanks for the hours of fun
Yep. You guys all need that.
Sent by a fan.
Sent by a fan.
That's a great doll.
Yeah.
The hand broke off, though.
Oh, no.
Which I'm very upset about.
Oh, no.
I actually a.m.
Cuz it's such a great likeness.
I'm sure you can get a replacement hand.
Probably. I mean, the head is the worthwhile thing.
That is absolutely yeah everything else is
replaceable this is real this is real
real you think we're CGI in this trip
did you show it like the it'd even be
more expensive than making it rich put
enough to gamer to show them it even has
the bald spot on back you want me to
show them like my doll I saw them I saw
them say that in the chat and I wanted
like the attention to detail on this
doll is immaculate. I think, it's I think it's great.
I think it's great.
BIF_eponymous, 24 mm fucking once in a row.
Uh, Elvin_Fox, and he says almost fucking status.
That's not true Ravan Fox.
you're almost at year's status where we
start saying a year saying the amount of
month fucking starts at 20 fucking
starts at 20 minutes sorry Guido see
cuido has subscribed for 19 months and
Ron cuido is almost that fucking status
thank you for the fun guys Guido 
J_Cheeker
and they say fuck my penal code a lot of
people don't know this apparently like
let confusion the Penal Code yeah that's
just a list of the laws and whatever
jurisdiction you're in right yeah that's
the thing
right is a thing absolutely I don't
think people some people out there don't
know this maybe J_Cheeker does but I
mean a lot of comments seem like they
didn't know oh I didn't quite get the
joke that was being played they're both
on Jim's part and on the editing part I
didn't cool the editing was on the weird
thing that Jim said right that's why
everyone was like what what did you say
yeah yeah I was trying to figure out
what his joke was there besides just
that Pino sounds like penile that's fine
John 1089 that's spelled differently
it's Penal PNA all right
thanks for likes penis oh sorry they're
saying as in penalty yeah
Penal Code John Johnson says thanks for
a great ten months you hacks its Johnson
89 Johnson 89 says right it's a bright
jack
my name is tape 13 months in a row and
they say rubber baby buggy bumpers
rubber baby buggy bumpers rubber baby
buggy bumpers rubber baby buggy bumpers
rubber baby buggy bumpers rubber baby
buggy bumpers rubber baby buggy bumpers
so you couldn't get us on that one let's
try nice try jackass unique New York
unique New York unique New York she
sells seashells by the seashore yeah
sister Susie sells herself to sailors
you know sister Susie sells herself the
Sailor sister Susie sells herself to
sailors Ganga's Borgnine 20 fucking
months in a row hometown markup 23
fucking months in a row and ice bone
badger 23
fucking months in a row they say great
wheel the worst rich wouldn't take Evans
are you thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it it's true we we
really do so rich now that we've played
a couple hours of furry you're gonna cut
it off before I say anything
no just a quick thumbs up thumbs down oh
I'm decided
