Sep 21, 2016
Vampire the Masquerade: Bloodlines
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/94523016
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/94680271
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Pwa8HdQWL8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wNgZAviICUQ
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/778649305095675904

[Part I]
Chat link to us again the patch for
vampire the masquerade we trot what we
tried to do is we tried to I tried to
run it vampire the masquerade and it
said we ran out of memory
well we didn't it's just we have too
much memory we have too much memory or
we ran out of memory or something memory
something this your games what a vampire
go where vampire the man you are gonna
try again just so they can see what
happens you know there it is available
rich we have less than 15 megabytes of
memory and so the Steam version isn't
already patched apparently not
apparently there is an esteem kind of
sucks for patching yeah apparently
there's some sort of fan patch or
something and so we didn't want to start
that much later than we said we would
start I said fuck it this is part of the
straight so now this is part of stream
and so this is our first episode
this is our first stream of Jesus Christ
shut up already
in which we play an often ask to play a
game and I wanna I want to lay down a
ground rule and rich tell me how you
feel about this growing room the ground
rule for the game any game that we play
kind of begrudgingly is as soon as we
are utterly and absolutely sick of it
the streams over okay that's what I'm
saying potentially lead to some short
streams it could lead to some short
streams but that means like anything
you've request over and over and over
again could mean a short stream I think
you know like that's that's got
the balance oh we should shop for denim
what do i click to download this shit
anything we did shop for denim where's
the download but is this matted no no
does that even download anything no I
don't believe it did I'll be honest rich
I don't think that did anything Jack too
easily distracted ah yeah I'm pretty
easily distracted but I think oh what is
happening that says download is
reference to a location is unavailable
well that can't be
that's insane that's insane you need to
set your download folder wouldn't you
want to do this as an edited show um
it's too close to first 4 hours of and I
think I think a lot of the comedy a lot
of the entertainment value that that you
as the audience will get out of this
will be in our frustration which is
better experienced live and then you
know what if there's some funny shit
I'll just cut up the stream into a into
a funny thing
and we'll see we'll see we'll see we'll
see
gobbledygook I hear you
all right I wait for the download
there oh okay yeah I think we have the
correct download how's everyone doing
they're saying lull the suckers are
actually playing this if this if this is
one of those so bad it's good games for
you guys I'm just I'm gonna be
disappointed the patched it has an hour
to download is that a joke
it's 421 megabytes thank that's got to
be a joke I can't take an hour we have
really good internet here
I guess we're streaming as well okay
it's already that's fine it's already
going down how's everyone doing how's
everyone doing good do you know what we
we could talk about something that I
didn't we didn't talk about last stream
yep
I finally read The Killing Joke yeah I I
have yet to see the movie did you see
the movie at all no I liked it The
Killing Joke it was a fine a fine book I
actually actually forgot about the movie
oh yeah that tells you all you need to
know well how does it get terrible
reviews so I wasn't hyped about it yeah
I got really bad reviews so I read you
you lent me the graphic novel the the
whole thing and it's it's nice it's a
fun little story I actually thought that
it was too fast paced yeah the graphic
novel and it the the idea of the movie
upsets me even more because I could
think of so many spaces in the actual
story where they could have fleshed out
some ideas you wanted more James Gordon
torture porn is what you wanted I didn't
want torture porn what I wanted was more
of James Gordon on the edge cuz you know
the whole premise of The Killing Joke is
Joker kidnaps James Gordon and tries to
prove that anyone can go crazy
ultimately wrong I think his part the
puppets oh sure but as an audience as
someone reading there's never a moment
where you think that Jim is gonna go
crazy
uh-huh and I think it needs that like oh
is he gonna go crazy what
what if the Joker's right all we see is
him getting tortured and suddenly him
talking to Batman and saying I'm fine
everything's fine bring him in by the
book if you've run stream Jack thinks he
can ride better than Alan Moore I
understand that there are limitations to
the comics medium all I'm saying is in a
movie they could have expanded on some
of these ideas a little bit more yeah
instead of of making Batgirl have sex
with Batman there's much better things
they could have been doing with their
time so exact exactly Tiberius Kirk The
Killing Joke was done at a time when
comics weren't so decompressed like I I
understand the medium I've got what are
you what do you know let's say this one
downloads faster the link on ModDB
okay bring over downloads here in the in
the animated movie of The Killing Joke
Batgirl and Batman have sexiest and rich
and I had a whole thing already on why
we think that's a really really bad idea
all right where do I actually go to
click to download this dig no not that
that's that's a yeah I know her ads go
down I click on that that six feet took
me to the page we were already at I go
down
that'll take you back to that page I
don't know but listen this this mod
right right now the 9.6 what are we
downloading now 9.3 no 96 okay yeah no
we're already there it's absent in the
link we already they're just taking
forever
great where we're playing vampire the
masquerade because constantly people
tell us to play vampire the masquerade
and this is a really good RPG about
vampires and this is the one we should
be playing to get into RPGs about
vampires but I don't like vampires you
don't like vampires and you don't like
RPGs yes but this is the one to play and
so well obviously I'm going to love this
game
we obviously we tried we tried to play
it and it said we didn't have enough
memory which is which can't be true
because it went to check your memory
doesn't expect memory to be that high it
freaks out so apparently we need this
patch to play and we we could have
downloaded it and not been streaming but
then we wouldn't be streaming and we
said we were gonna stream around 6:00
and it was already quarter after 6:00
we've always a probably stream the
master what happens if you happen to
enjoy the game then we enjoy the game
then great then we have a great time and
everybody's happy if we don't enjoy the
game then we make fun of it at least
rich and I are happy or maybe we don't
hate the game and we don't enjoy the
game and everyone's miserable if it's
just middle of the ground on the road
yeah yep yep traitor to Zeke
so no playing multiple ones if they go
by quickly no not not for this series
this is this isn't steam roulette
you know steam roulette we can get
through a couple real
quick uh-huh this is Jesus Christ shut
up or we're gonna play the game that you
want us to play that we we've already
said we might not enjoy and we will play
it until we can't play it no more and
then we're out of here
so should I play something while we're
waiting for this to download should you
or should this just be it because they
what they wanted us to play rich you
don't you know we're the ones that have
to fill time though yeah well let's
let's see how long we can feel time what
do we we gotta fill time 4:30
one more no does that keeps going up and
down that'll go back up to an hour
shortly great great
hold on Sean underscore I remember
liking this game but I also liked the
day of the tentacle before I played the
remake the fear of losing my good
memories has been keeping me from
replaying it after it was mentioned in
chat which could play some Checkers
that's true that's true
no you can't play internet checkers
that'll take up more Internet where our
toaster oh no oh no
I've already started the checkers attack
it's too late
checkers has started it started god
dammit god dammit god dammit vibranium
arms oh I can talk about that I was
doing some research into this whole
Bucky and vibranium armors thing Oh God
because that's so important and I know
rich really wants to hear about this
from from last room I was convinced that
Bucky's arm was vibranium and then I was
I I tried to nerdily point out that how
could it be vibranium if it was melted
off so easily by iron
ah-ha-ha-ha right like oh that's you
know what that is it's a little mistake
that they made but apparently it wasn't
vibranium so I started doing research
and a bunch of people have made the same
mistake which made me feel a lot better
there are whole forums dedicated to -
Bucky's aren't being vibranium and and
luckily everyone had the same reaction
as me which is then why did two cellos
ring react to Buffy's arm that's all
forms because that's what it I hate
every
rich hates it so I love it so so
T'Challa is is like razzle in' with
Bucky and razzle and you know he's like
doing this he's doing all this right and
and there's a clear shot of him with his
hand up and it seems to be focused on
the ring and it's going like this and
Bucky's arm is like here but apparently
other people in the forum have pointed
out that he just had his arm in a hole
and and that was meant to show that
Bucky's really strong right a chihuahua
ah
T'Challa right that's his name black
panther only Black Panther has any
vibranium on him I believe it I believe
the Black Panthers really mr. Gela I
might be wrong but okay so I really
thought that that meant that the ring
was reacting to the vibranium a bookies
arm but apparently there is no official
cannon on what Bucky's arm is besides a
really strong metal so am I glad to
finally have it resolved but it's not
really resolved because I still you know
like I don't know what it's made out of
I guess it's not important more so it's
just a weird shot and they focused so
much on that ring and I understand that
that ring meant the passing of the of
the king but they focused so much on
that ring and then it seems like the
ring is reacting to the arm you know
what I'm just happy that the Internet
I'm Fatma happy for the internet because
the internet shows me that other people
have made the same mistake I did you
know so that made me happy uh-huh I like
it that other people made that same
mistake uh-huh so Bucky's arm is made of
checkers No maybe right it's just a
strong bulletproof metal T'Challa
is his name to Chaka is his dad's name
Thank You Tiberius
the job dijanna anyone else super hyped
for a Black Panther movie ii see hey
Colin I will not Jesus Christ shut up
you Jesus Christ shut up I got a feel
time while we download this stupid patch
for a stupid game play checkers rich is
playing checkers I'm it's fine
everything's fine I'm playing checkers
Michael B Jordan is a bad guy yep well
like all that matters is it's directed
by the same guy that did Creed Creed was
a great movie Michael B Jordan was great
and Creed
I'm sure he'll act well again the the
guy who played Black Panther in civil
war was good I'm excited for it I'm
excited for Black Panther this guys
getting foamed nice poem noise important
news rich you were wrong about lizallen
what were you wrong about what did you
say about Liz Allan that she wasn't
Peters Parker's first love interest
lizallen like Peter and that was
revealed like well after the fact when
when Peter graduated high school hmm
but she was not written as a love
interest Peter spring of Peters first
love interest
his first romance his Betty bruised
Betty Brant absolutely just because like
hold on and and so they they have a
little wonder panel an amazing fantasy
15 or something right hold on
oh god I gotta play more checkers let's
see here
oh yeah well no so he was so in this
panel he's about to go on a date with
Liz Allen but he has to go be spider-man
and she's cheesed off at him
just because he was gonna go on a date
with her does not count her in the
running to be a love interest
bt-dubs you just know on that date it
like if he went on that date yeah she
was gonna find a reason to like get him
in his underwear yeah and then like
Flash Thompson was gonna jump out of the
bushes with a camera not good you just
you just know it right Doris of course
no so so they but rich they were gonna
go on a date so Liz Allen has to be his
first love interest they were gonna go
on one date because that's what love
interest means the thing that I love the
most is that all this is doing is just
riling up Rich's Hey so in approximately
55 minutes when we download the hash the
unofficial patch for a game we don't
want to play in the first place it's
just it's just gonna be pandemonium I'll
say this much yeah yeah because there
just because there is an unofficial
patch fans are great fans are great fans
are great that's true you know what that
is true some some wanna keep an old
piece of shit like vampire the
masquerade alive
yep that says something they're doing it
they're doing it they're do it they're
where they're keeping a game alive
my Festo now doom a rescue his mother's
so what dr. doom rescued his soul from
his mother sold from mephesto oh yeah
yeah no they had to he had a team up
with dr. strange to do it I believe but
it was a long running plat line hmm well
there was one of dooms motivations
interesting yep
interesting there's talk of there's talk
of mephesto coming into the agents of
shield universe mephesto huh well
because they so a so there's no mephesto
plans for infinity war apparently is
what we're saying
they uh they they just introduced that
night writer fuck
that's right House writer I was gonna
say hell writer that's insane right they
just they just introduced ghost writer
into agents of shield seems like an odd
choice for an agents of shield show
ghost writer and Mephisto oh you know
what ghost writer does not fit at all in
the agents of shield universe rich I
just watched the season premiere this
afternoon and what it seems like to me
is someone over at ABC said man you know
it's really popular is that daredevil
Marvel show where they have to deal with
like whether it's OK for good guys to
kill let's have one of those good guy
bad guy things all the Marvel shows
should be just let Netflix handle all
that I think that's the lesson we've
learned just let Netflix handle all that
shit yep
that's a fine lesson rich that's a fine
fine lesson who'd have thought nobody
would give a shit about a show that's
just about a bunch of shield lackeys and
would have thought would have thought
but you know rich they were some really
you know what we need in television some
spy shit don't you think like some spies
with maybe a little pepper and of
superpowers every once in a while what
other spy shows do we have get smart get
on television currently
you can catch that unlike me TV oh yo
you can get yourself some get smirk
you'll be quiet
i season 2 of agents of shield they were
getting into some neat spy stuff and it
was just like espionage and kungfu
fights and it was really great and then
it kind of turned to shit yeah
and now I just watch I don't even know
why I watch anymore
you took the drop yeah it was a draw
situation okay but so Ghost Rider was
introduced in this one and 33 minutes 33
that means nothing we've learned that
means nothing about a quarter done okay
great
somewhere between a quarter and a third
done yeah like a like a black widow well
not even black widow just like give me
spies doing spa shit on a TV show I'd
love that I'd love that can't wait to
play those vampires yeah they're not
really oh my god no you know what we
started talking so I stopped reading
tips told us to think yeah we're not
gonna if we're talking about something
yeah we're not gonna just stop to read
tips right does it make never make for a
bad stream if we can't have a
conversation about something right and
we're in the middle of talking about
agents of shield when we when we have a
low when we when we finish talking about
something that's when we get caught up
in the tips and you know what if the
tips leads to a discussion we're gonna
finish that discussion and then get to
the next tip right uh-oh Archer Archer
is the show is the spy show they're
bringing up I'm sure are just great yeah
there you go archers this generation's
Get Smart
how about that oh that's the worst
parallel okay
that's not this none of this not the
worst parallel I think I've only seen
the first season of Archer I liked it
now yes there's pretty good yeah it's
funny nothing compelled me to watch it
more but like the first and I thought I
was like I yeah that's funny I get it I
love that uh what's his name age John
bender john benjamin yep yeah yes great
he's a great what a great voice I never
want to see you
he never needs to change his voice for
anything he does just just keep doing
what you're doing absolutely John age
Benjamin whatever your name is
Coke's hey guys NBA 2k 17 is now
available an NBA game and it's the first
game to support HDR high dynamic range
your 1070 will render the juiciest Shaq
meat to date for which game NBA 2k 17
okay also rich the Golden State Warriors
are better than Michael Jordan era Bulls
who lost in the finals who just lost in
the finals I don't know because they had
more regular-season wins than the Bulls
oh I like a few games okay there wasn't
much room for improvement I mean the
Bulls went like 72 and 10 the Golden
State Warriors were like 75 7 sure sure
but then then they made it the thousand
that they lost you know who'd never be
caught dead losing in the finals but
Michael Jordan was Chicago ball would
never be caught dead if he had to win
every game single-handedly he would
never lose in the finals also for NBA 2k
7 the story mode prominently features
Michael Jordan specifically Michael B
Jordan
oh wait Michael B Jordan the actor oh
wait here's a son I think is he a junior
and who's got a son that played in
college oh okay I think he got picked up
by a team but he's not supposed to be
anything special and I was like Michael
Jordan was that might have just been a
joke okay okay first thing I thought
there was some mild plausibility there
maybe they're talking about the NCAA
game I don't know sure but I guess not I
guess I could've been just a complete
jokes right B Jordan was the actor yeah
Michael yeah all right do you have any
thoughts on HDR gaming
no I don't have I don't have a I don't
have a 90 inch monitor that's that's
true you also like it's not just about
your graphics card you need a television
yeah or monitor able to produce those
colors in theory it could make a pretty
game even prettier I think like this
goes along with with 4k television and
all that like we've already decided as
as consumers that we don't really care
about that yeah we're we've already
decided that all we want is more content
faster cheaper stronger it's it doesn't
need to look any better as ours were
concerned now let's see here traders as
each says how many of these games are
somebody in the champ of saying I
thought you'd think you didn't like
about our RPGs was the repetitive
turn-based combat yeah yeah that's
I know vampires masquerade probably
doesn't have that I'm just not super
thrilled about vampires as a thing from
from what little from what little I know
about vampire the masquerade it sounds
absolutely obnoxious
stupid stupid vampire factions there
whitey bullshit that's why I'm mostly
not looking forward to right
yeah thanks twitchplayspokemon an HDR
HDR will be great for VR two things rich
and I care deeply about
I guess show it show me software that
makes the VR worth it now give a shit or
that makes HDR work pick up pick up the
thing shooting gallery where you just
stand still and shoot I need more than
that shit yeah and they have the
capability to make a fucking kick-ass
mech game where you're actually in a
cockpit they have that capability
I'd miss being able to fucking actually
grab the fucking controls you would need
like time you know like like like diva
and overwatch you mean like - yeah -
flight sticks
oh that would be fucking great yes then
you're in the cockpit then you're in the
cockpit yeah that'd be great that's what
they need that's what they don't have I
need to be able to walk around in VR not
like I've seen like where they like
point and teleport fuck that
oh is that a thing I'll fuck that fuck
that oh let's see here
how many of these games are there that
people bother you about DC Universe
Online Don of war - what else there
aren't that many are there we get like
we got a ton of requests on Twitter as
well and I'll just have to start
compiling some of the more requite like
Warhammer we get a lot of dawn of war to
go down on yeah whatever okay
jaqen rich says anonymous have you seen
welcome to the basement it's where two
guys watch a wide range of movies
they've never seen before then discuss
them it's very entertaining as well as
informative somebody's saying this one
is faster okay
we shall see Oh significantly faster
pause no that was the fast one no this
is one that's been are you sure yep oh
oh you know what I thought it was that
far already and I said oh 25 26 minutes
but we're already nearly close to half
what poison did we pick where two-thirds
the way done with this one or well
one-third of the way done one-third of
the way done way run them both again
it's gonna significantly slow both down
if I run I just want to see I just want
to see the numbers 177
I say go with the one we are we already
have 22 minutes versus 12 that one is
kind of cramping a faster rich I can't
make this kind of decision I need to let
you know that oh my god I can't I I
can't take this pressure alright fuck it
we're sticking with the fast one okay
that's fine that's fine that's fine
great
no I'm so hyped for it no no I don't
think either of us have seen welcome to
the basement
yonder yonder says name your bitch es
vampire after me since I'm the one and
only reason you're playing this game no
one else is for this Plus no one else is
going to buy you Mass Effect Andromeda
I'm a good friend you know what we're
good if you're a good friend you
wouldn't buy me Mass Effect Andromeda
and if you buy it for me don't get a
digital copy find a fucking disc so I
can shred it on stream that's or on
camera okay we we've already said that
any copy we get of Mass Effect Andromeda
we are going to find a new way to
destroy right we've said this then maybe
I'm making a lot of copies we might run
out of ways to destroy it Jack I've been
making a list yeah but it's and it's not
just for this I also have a you know cuz
for best of the worst registrar's please
give your money to a Children's Hospital
instead or give your money to a
Children's Hospital st. Jude's I
actually hope we don't get a whole bunch
of copies that I could destroy charity
give it to children give it to sick
children st. Jude's Hospital is a
hospital that doesn't charge their
patients any money to cancer child's
cancer Research Hospital and they don't
charge any other children patients
because they're kids with cancer so
Saint give it to st. Jude's instead how
about that how about that let's see here
atomic mass track says Black Panther is
a stupid stupid character his ring
probably reacted because he has a
laundry list of crap and it's plus 5 vs.
Russian super assassins he's apparently
atomic MA
his ring didn't react at all it was just
his hand and his ring happened to be on
his hand I know very little about the
Black Panther character except for he's
except for what I saw in Civil War I've
never read a Black Panther comic book so
I cannot say whether he is a stupid
character now we will see I know I like
the director and I like the actors in it
and Marvel has yet to make a bad movie
look at Marvel Studios they've made some
like movies ant-man
I'm looking at you ant-man thought
everyone hates Iron Men too though I
need you watch that I haven't seen that
you so long
ii-i've been rewatching because we've
been watching them with the kids yeah an
Iron Man 2 like all the the entire Iron
Man series are really nice character
movies yep Iron Man 2 specifically you
know the whole the whole plot of Iron
Man 2 is Tony thinks he's dying because
he's getting poisoning from the reactor
inside of him and so it's just about his
journey to not die and it's and like
accepting death and finding it finding
his his place you know it's it's a lot
like it's a great precursor to Iron Man
3 which is just like him as an inventor
inventing his way out of a situation
isn't iron meant to kind of a Dodge -
the whole character's alcoholism angle
my guy he's just dying guys we're never
hacking up we're never gonna have to
worry about him drinking again because
he's not dying anymore and he's okay and
he's not gonna be a drunker than the
rest of the Marvel films well I think
he's okay now
they understood correctly that you can't
necessarily make a movie about Iron Man
being an alcoholic
why can't you in the comics that story
can play out over months in the Marvel
Universe that story can play out over
months this is one of those situations
where it needs that kind of thing needs
to be resolved within a movie does it
it's a movie does it not Iron Man 2
doesn't focus I usually introduced that
as a facet of the character
now that's and I see that as more of a
serial thing where we can slowly watch
it happen they're doing that right now
with you introduce it them by the time
you get to Ironman for is when he hits
rock bottom and asked him pick himself
back up for the end of that film -
that's too weird too dark hey whatever I
mean I enjoy Robert Downey jr. as Iron
Man I'm just bringing this to her oh no
and I know like that's what a lot of
people were thinking is that this was
gonna what a day what were those issues
demon in a bottle or oh that makes some
amount of sense what Robert Downey jr.
didn't want to do it said no drinking
because his problem that makes perfect
sense
and I can see why they would want to
sidestep that hmm did they gotta keep
him happy
gotta keep him happy he made it and he
had the whole universe yeah he made the
whole universe what
hank pym didn't beat his wife either
again there are a lot of things that you
can do in a monthly comic book that I
don't think you can necessarily do and
it's not just a Marvel movie remember
these are action movies like these these
are action fantasy movies if if Hank Pym
or the main character in it men and not
Scott Lang yeah then it would feel cheap
not to ever feel weird not to mention
that because that's the only thing Hank
Pym is really remembered for it's like
they they sidestepped it by going right
to ant-man to the second ant-man by the
way oh sure sure I'm with it I was like
what ant-man - they went right to the
successor character right right right
yeah I don't know I don't know III like
the Iron Man - it's slow it's very very
slow and you know what Jon Favreau has a
problem directing action scenes he's
really good at Iron Man flying around
scenes which I can only imagine is a lot
of just storyboards and then the CG
people take over yeah there's a couple
fist fights in Iron Man 2 and it's just
it's just over shoulder shot cut - over
shoulder shot remember disliking the
action scenes in Iron Man wanted to you
know I mean that plot might not be
well-developed enough with whiplash it
was kind of you know kind of a lame get
a thing going on there but the battle of
the end is kind of neat I was talking
specifically there's that battle and
then Black Widow and happy go into the
the base and they have to they have to
do some yeah some fist fighting I'm not
saying they were bad I'm saying they
were dull fight scenes yeah she doesn't
need flipping they were they were
shocked dulling it was fine it was
perfectly adequate you haven't rewashed
it recently they're they're shot dolly I
liked the showdown with the Iron Monger
and the Iron Man 1 sure the Jeff Bridges
is chair let's find a simple oh no and
Jon Favreau is a is a good director I'm
action scenes specifically well and and
not even and only specifically person
and person fisticuff action sequences
were shot a little doll no jon favreau
is a great director you can tell because
of Iron Man what have you seen Jeff
Bridges recent interview about Iron Man
no he's Iron Monger yeah and and he said
when he was shooting iron man and he was
really happy you know big studio Marvel
fella is great this is before Disney
yeah but he said they were writing their
scenes day of shoot Wow
they had the outline for the script and
he goes this is not how you make a big
movie and he said so I had to put myself
in the mindset that what we were making
is a big Hollywood art film that's all I
was doing so I would just show up and we
would figure out what my character said
on the fly like that was all of Iron Man
1 I think that's really that's really
amazing huh for what they were able to
accomplish with that huh
they had an outline but uh I'm not I am
NOT playing Dishonored right now because
people wouldn't shut up about vampire
the masquerade bloodlines I don't
remember which I have no interest in I
still have no interest in
no no it's incidentally since you bring
up Dishonored chat yeah I have very very
recently decided that I am going to
force Jack to play thief 1 and 2 or at
least one or two yeah we shot our we
shot a discussion about a different
stealth game and thief kept coming up
and so that'll be our next retro game
look-back thief I've never played the
thief's you're talking about things you
don't like in stealth games and what
they should do and the whole time I'm
just thinking that's exactly what thief
does oh that's crazy that's exactly yeah
that's exactly what thief does oh yeah
the map you're talking about yeah that's
exactly what thief does oh well then you
know what then I'm looking forward the
master no I actually have not seen
Cowboys were Cowboys and Aliens I didn't
hate it I did a little egged
fun enough Halloween Oh popcorn summer
movie sure and you know that's what I
heard so I wasn't necessarily into it
Daniel Craig right Dana quick yeah and
Harrison Ford Harrison Ford's in it yes
crazy crazy ah let's see here Oh
animus says rlm are ruined it's up to
you if you want to stream yourself
playing theif you know I'll get into it
on my own a little bit yeah and once you
familiar yeah
anonymous says R LM ruined porn for me I
was watching this girl with the most
amazing tits and all I could think was
why is the camera there who lit this
fucking thing why is there a cat in
frame I can't say I've ever really
noticed the production value of
pornography but hey I'm sorry you just
gotta watch better porn you know
gobbledygook says so not as game player
but as filmmakers have you ever watched
anything filmed in 360 VR 3d no you
could use a samsung s7 or Google
cardboard or something like that with
the HD I've seen a couple of those
YouTube videos yeah where you can move
your phone around and watch a YouTube
video in 3d I've not experienced this
myself though oh yeah you haven't no
it's you know it's it's pretty novel
yeah but it's a big R LM ruined porn is
what anonymous said chill bridge cradle
is thief 3 though hmm
definitely haven't jacked play one or
two at least first who wants to go on
and play more thief's and and and we
were also just talking about me starting
with thief - right
that's up to you I think you should
starred with thief 1 yeah yeah ok and if
by the time you get to the catacomb e
type stuff if you're not liking that
then hop over to thief - but thief 1
starts with some regular old mansion ok
sure ok no problem
anonymous says hey guys will you please
say hello
to my friend grant hello grant hi grant
how you doing motherfucker you just easy
good jerk why is it why is he a jerk I
don't know he defeated General Lee and
ended the Civil War
oh well that's fantastic and you're
pretty cool dude Graham you realize we
have more people if we just keep
throwing them at them eventually we'll
win and it's true we didn't and that's
how it happened that's how that's how
the Civil War was one do you think Lord
of the Rings movies hold up today
I didn't especially love them when they
first came out yeah yeah they just does
I'm not I'm not a big I'm not a big
fantasy guy okay well there there
there's fantasy stories I like I guess
hmm
I just don't know what are the Rings
didn't do it for me like I liked him
when they try going here to do the thing
very dry I like them when they came out
I got all of the extended
special-edition DVDs yeah watch them all
when I got him
and then haven't really thought about it
in a decade or however long it's been
since Return of the King came out like I
enjoy me a little bit of Conan sure
Conan's fun come on ants fun
Conan super fun I I enjoy the earlier
service stuff when it was very much a
Conad parody do we service the artwork
never even heard of service the armor
I've never I've no idea oh my god
all right hey is it a movie no chemical
no started in the 70s started off as a
Conan parody butter aardvark is Barbary
and they're a decade before I was born
he would go on adventures looking for
for wealth and power you know and that
eventually the creator Dave sim he had
had a vision it wasn't just it wasn't
just gonna be a Conan parody anymore and
he sat down he took Cerebus and he wrote
a 25 issue story about politics that is
wonderful
okay and then he followed that up after
his politics story and then he had
Cerebus become Pope
and that was a fuckin fifty issue story
and they starting a little bit a little
bit weirder they've Sam he was weird to
begin let then his story started a
little bit weirder it did some some more
higher brow of stories after that and
then eventually he did like a long story
about what's his name old timey author I
had nothing to do with Cerebus and that
was that was a 10 issue chunk right
there about some real time what's his
name woody Victorian British guy Oliver
Oscar Wilde yeah yeah like a 10 issue
story about Oscar Wilde it had nothing
to do in service okay and that's great
and then eventually there was like
another like extremely drawn-out story
where Cerebus is just sitting at a bar
you've got like you've got like a
fucking thirty issue storyline where
he's served the aardvark service the
aardvark title characters just sitting
in a bar drinking for 30 fucking issues
and then it ends Cerebus ends a last
hundred issues is like a story about the
story about Woody Allen and then there's
a Bible study what because he found
religion and then it was a Bible study
until the end of Cerebus he basically he
lost he literally lost his mind at some
point this service started out fun fun
but not ambitious then it got ambitious
and great then it's like what the fuck
is going on and crazy
holy moly and what was notable about
Cerebus he said like he around the time
he started getting a high brow with it
he did the political story he said
service is gonna be a 300 issue story
yeah after three hundred issues service
is gonna die and I'm done okay and he
said that there's like stilts like 25
years ago before I got there that's
great yeah I you might have told me
about this before
and I've lost it in the catacombs that
are in my mind because I lose things but
I'm sidestepping a lot about Dave Simms
meltdown but sure it's a lot to digest
right now
still uh while we're downloading we're
downloading the patch so we can play
vampire the masquerade yeah yeah we got
19 19 minutes ago no 20 he just went up
probably this one probably is faster
this one seems to be faster
can't we just switch the stream to
gaming talk about no because this is
part of the vampire the masquerade
experience if if like we are recreating
the experience of playing vampire the
masquerade which apparently includes
downloading a giant fucking patch that
downloads Super Saiyan that big it just
it just downloads slow yeah so great
well and yet we also are streaming so
we're using up a lot of you Internet but
here at the studio there is incredibly
nice internet very very fast internet so
we're just here we're just here we're
here let's see here Temari HK when you
finally finish this download don't pick
a malkov vien unless you want the stream
to be even shorter people love them as
NPCs but they can be extremely annoying
and off-putting to play okay don't be a
malkov vien well already sounds
obnoxious great great great great the
devil is my hairdo hijack and rich
I must know we're down with a fan patch
not that makes it better I'm assuming it
does make it better but hopefully also
makes it playable because we we're
getting ready to stream it's not
playable yeah and we click on the game
and steam huh and the game thinks we
don't have enough memory to run it right
it said we need at least 15 megabytes
rich we need at least 15 megabytes of
memory do either be listened to
vaporware music okay did you turn
otherwise says did you gentlemen happen
to see the new phantasm is coming out on
10 for really stoked
I did not know that Fanny would probably
be very interested in knowing this a
defense Jay is probably very advanced
hasn't five revenger I do think the
balls are neat the silver balls with the
spike things fly around sure sure I
don't know what vaporware is either I'm
so I'm sorry this isn't the only game on
Steam that has that problem I could not
run the Fahrenheit HD remake at all had
to return it no this this is why you buy
older games any game you can really on
gog.com sure because they don't just
take the game and throw it on the
marketplace yeah they make sure the
fucking thing can run not a modern
system and because I am making you play
the two first two thief games yeah don't
buy them on Steam
I won't buy them on get the GOG version
because they they will work okay we'll
start them and they will work I am
perfectly okay with this and it's up to
you if you want some of the fan update
kind of patches that make things higher
resolution and all that shit we'll see
what's out there we'll see what's out
there
trader it says each guess I will leave
your audio in the background while I get
to my only unlock cards from boss hand
of fate run only unlock cards oh cool
good luck just be the king of dust
haven't died yet anyway good luck Jack
and rich also played on a 4-2 mister shy
smile is saying yeah this is on GOG and
has the patch already installed see Gio
fuck Angie they're great I didn't even
think about because I wasn't this isn't
a game I was gonna run out and buy in my
own Ryan this was gifted to me with all
the people insisting I play this game
yes I had the steam version if I'd known
to thought about it before this probably
should have got the GOG version well but
we already had yep the version that
steam sells even though they know damn
well it doesn't fucking work out of the
box and just just bundling with it a
simple fucking fan patch would have made
a run but they didn't give no fucks no
they you know they're just the store who
cares what's in the store we're just the
store man
which is the store yes we have heard of
a game called Kerbal space program we
have not played it where are we
Doyle you got 9 more minutes 9 more
minutes we're doing great we're doing
great
Doyle eight seven once has just add to
your Jesus Christ
shut up series try life is strange it's
very much story mode that Jack hates but
it's also hipster story so you know I
Jack could be conflicted I don't always
like hipster things couple of gooks
Dishonored 2 is out 1111 like deus ex
rich will rich wants to play decided one
first yes the second one will be out in
51 days okay I'm I plant my current
fucking plan and you know what I've been
doing everyone's bidding with what I
play in my free time really like a month
and a half now and we're done now I'm
playing fucking thief games and I'm
making Jack play the thief games
absolutely so that's my plan I might do
dishonored right after that originally I
wanted to do deus ex but maybe I'll
maybe I'll make a dishonored one so that
could be out of the way yeah we we
filmed two episodes today and I made
rich play some games mm-hmm maybe he
didn't want to play but I don't care cuz
we got two episodes out of it so I don't
fucking care that's great and yeah now
rich can play whatever the fuck he wants
which apparently is thief and that's
fine 360 VR 3d watershed Blockbuster
doesn't need to be a POV film
we're always interactive just a few
action scenes are enough for every for
every viewing to be unique problem
diminishes theater experience well you
don't need to worry about diminishing
theater experience because more people
are watching shit at home anyway the
problem will be getting the
our into the hands of consumers that's
always the problem it could it might be
great for movies it might be interesting
it it limits VR for movies yeah it what
did you know like it could be
interesting to you know like look around
then you miss the things you're supposed
to focus on is movies right directors
pay a lot attention I'm framing of what
you're supposed to see yep
well we would lose the entire
cinematography visual language yep yeah
what could be interesting is instead of
just straight-up VR is is something like
source filmmaker so let's say you have a
scene play out in a room and as the
viewer you can watch that scene anywhere
you want you can move around the whole
room maybe you catch a little
conversation over here rewind catch this
conversation over here you know straight
up VR you can only look left and right
that limits the storytelling
possibilities but let's say you're able
to hear like one side of the story over
here but then you need to rewind and
listen to the other half of the story
over here to piece it all together that
could be interesting those tedious
little sounds like a lot of work and I
just want to watch a fucking movie I'm
trying rich and trying fucking trying
I've never played a splinter cell game
Chad um it just sounded like a more
linear version of thief I like kind of
like the thief reboot atomic Rasta says
hey hey Jack I just want to see you try
to pronounce this oh you just want to
see me try to pronounce this Denis Sammy
I would say it's pronounced Sameach but
it also could be to Sameach atomic
mousetrap tell me how did Tesla Meech to
Sameach or the T is silent and it's just
me ch
what does this look like you see that
does the meat Miche the meat some nice
music
maybe that's it's a misc misc
no rich and I do not watch any sort of
professional wrestling when I was a kid
I ate it up no no no no not recently
yeah look I know I know it's a it's a
wonderful art I don't want I don't want
it to track from that but being older
and knowing that it's not an actual
competition mm-hmm
I took a lot of it away for me just
getting older and knowing that sure hey
you know I I'm not as fond of what they
do in the ring as I am in the dramatic
shenanigans surrounding I think right
this is why I loved rowdy roddy piper
okay he could talk it could be an
asshole they could be belligerent he
could make you hate him mm-hmm that's
why I love Bobby the brain Heenan he
didn't need to wrestle to make you hate
his guts mm-hmm mm-hmm I loved hating
that man so much and then I got older
and then I just loved him I suppose he
still he's not dead yet
but I mean he's definitely retired from
wrestling though hmm there there is no
story of when I discovered wrestling was
fake there's not the moment right he's
like it probably happened over time yeah
you just watched a little bit less and
less yeah so on and so forth
that's what happens yes nine minute oh
no four minutes remaining four minutes 4
minutes remaining
uh
don't worry Oh
yonder yonder says you guys should read
up and decide what character creation
you want to do no we're playing that
we're just gonna play the game oh god I
don't feel like they want a bunch of
rating for a game I don't want to play
in the first fucking place we're good
we're not gonna do like a research on
the game before I play we want the game
to unfold itself in front of us it'll be
more interesting that way it's gonna be
great it's gonna be great it's gonna be
great MC Lucas says the wait is
agonizing this wait is agonizing I
apologize for anything I've done to
contribute to this going so horribly
please take this two dollars as penance
also play Knight of the Old Republic I
know that's a game you guys mentioned a
lot that is on the list okay Jesus
Christ I already is Knights of the Old
Republic i gobbledygook says any
research on how to gift gog games if not
you could buy this which is Zach
McCracken and the alien Mindbenders I
don't I'm sure there's a way to gift GOG
games you should read up on how wait
this patch isn't as simple as just click
on the thing and it installs you know
what no no I'm not doing it if I can't
figure it out then the screens over
stream is over oh it's gonna be some
bullshit like you have to go into the
Program Files under steam under apps
under apps dobbs 86 if there's not a
clear readme file bundled with the patch
the patch can go fuck itself no there's
not an official Jesus Christ shut up
list yet I have like a list of games
that people have asked us to play but
not that they've asked over and over so
far we have right now as of right this
very moment in my head there's DC
Universe Online and Knights of the Old
Republic
those those are our people have asked us
all good ones so we have that
uh you know what I'll make it last hold
on no I'm not gonna be rooting for the
Cubs they'll find a way to get swept I'm
not worried about it I'm making the
official list right now for Jesus
everyone will blame the go it all over
again it'll be it'll be a joke
also you should know for official
branding purpose purposes its Jesus
Christ shut up
three exclamation marks that's what I've
decided okay so we have a what do we
have your Knights of the Old Republic
there we go and the sea universe people
in chat don't know about the goat Cubs
fans in Chicago blame the fact that the
Cubs haven't won a World Series since
1918 no earlier than that was like 1908
yeah
it's been over a hundred it's been over
a century since they won a World Series
and they blamed this literally on a
actual like a goat like an animal not
like like the goat like this like
escaped go the scapegoat no no they're
like a literal go there was a man who
wanted to bring his goat into Wrigley
Field for the 1945 World Series which
itself was close to 40 years after the
last time they won their last World
Series but still they're blaming this
incident in 1945 where a man wanted to
bring his pet goat in with him the World
Series and they wouldn't let him okay
and then they say he placed a curse on
the team because they wouldn't let him
bring his goat into Wrigley Field in the
40s and the floor I just made have a
goat in Chicago in downtown Chicago I
don't know I don't know I mean there's a
famous tavern the billy goat tavern this
is all this is a whole mythology that
Cub fans like to regurgitate that's so
crazy
it's so crazy like voodoo voodoo the
White Sox they actually have a reason to
have said they had a curse like that I
was at the 1919 of the 1918 White Sox
actually through a World Series the
Black Sox they there was some they
pleaded that they were innocent but
basically the accusation was that they
conspired with some gamblers to get a
little bit of money
throw the World Series really that you
know that's a curse that's grounded
groundwork for a curse writer no one no
one in the south side ever said it's the
curse of the Black Sox you never hurt a
fucking peep about shit like that but
North Side the Cubs the goat that Goat
curse every now and then they try to
parade like a goat through Wrigley Field
to get rid of the curse yes that's what
they need
do you remember I love that I love that
do you remember Steve Bartman 2003 Sport
2003 playoffs cups were in the playoffs
that we're supposed to win they had a
really really good year and they they
they lost three games in a row and they
got knocked out of the playoffs but
there was this one famous play with a
remember the guy in the stands who
grabbed for the ball and player didn't
get to catch it oh yeah even though the
fan was completely in his right with
where the ball was yeah everyone wanted
to blame him and the that play oh yeah
yeah like like after the fact somebody
paid like a million dollars to buy that
ball and Harold Ramis presided over a
ceremony where the ceremonially
destroyed the ball in front of a large
crowd this is why I don't like the Cubs
oh that's terrible
Oh patches done is done let's do this
anonymous has my vote for the next Jesus
shut up goes to star control - it has a
lot of potential for voices and we're
Mass Effect got a lot of its ideas it's
also free you fucks
is it really that's great anonymous
different anonymous apparently says
Knights of the Old Republic is the
fucking top of that goddamn list shut
fuck shit and motherfuck suck my cock
you hacks
yes sure all right I don't know what the
fuck any of this is I don't yeah you
know what it's fine okay we're gonna
take a break
rich is taking a break good what I I we
haven't even started playing yet Jesus
Christ
well well so what's
rich is gone already has it been an hour
and we've been waiting an hour for this
patch to download possibly I guess I'll
stand I guess I'll stand up and I'll be
I'll be right back Oh
that was a great stand I felt great
about standing I did I stood up I stood
up I'm here I'm stood up
okay let's see here Ahn at least this is
around when you start streaming anyway I
just hope the stream doesn't end right
after this PPS I just discovered a sword
in necro right now that is a that is a
cleaver that lops off flash oh that's
cool and then can you use that flesh in
like crafting because that would be
great
which character is behind me
no no Mega Man character rich knows who
that is
I forget
should I get a pizza hoagie or some
chicken please advise you can never go
wrong with a pizza depends on the hoagie
is it a good place chicken again like
where are you going you know pizza it's
like it's never bad unless it's Little
Caesars don't get a Little Caesars Pizza
there garbage or if it's dominoes
dominoes is pretty garbage too
oh that's great surgeon that's cool
gobbledygook did you mention DC Universe
Online
please read up on the game ahead of time
in patch pick heroes fly and punch
gorillas groots apes on the beach
available for ps4 PC and Xbox one it's
free you fucks DC Universe Online
mediocre pizza Benny's chicken mediocre
local hoagies find a better place to eat
man
you got mediocre shit all over the place
fine fine find a way did you read that
yeah uh-huh that's fine
did you read it you have no you have to
start from the shortcut it created is
what it's oh I was right it's working
can you guys see this
I should double-check that they can see
this please hold

[Part II]
can you guys see this I should
double-check that they can see this
please hold
I'm just gonna double-check that you're
seeing the game
oh no they're not rich huh they are
seeing the game in a tiny tiny window
look at how they're seeing the game
that's weird and now they're seeing the
chatty things pop up we'll fix it Oh bye
guys it is just it is just freaking
right the fuck out yeah we're gonna
we're fixing it where's my mouse there
it is there it is that monitor capture
no that's the overlay so now yo now we
can go to games yeah yeah night now
you're on it now you got it
except for nope hi can you scroll up or
down No
ah
Moebius does not recognize it uh window
capture maybe somebody tried great yay
this is going great I'm very excited
about all this what is this that's
that's what that's that's the torture so
if people want I'm really good right at
watch are they gonna have that which is
great or not the torture that was chatty
that was chatty not the - at you know
those are
all right here's what we're gonna try it
here we're gonna try get out of here get
vampire the bloodlines backup vampire
the vampire and options that
and yeah see if we can get better
resolution yeah there you go
okay now quit yep yeah great all right
guys we're on it maybe we're on it and
maybe look at their hopes up oh wait
wait wait you have to launch it from the
from the shortcut window capture Bagon
and or monitor capture back on whichever
let's hear it yeah there's the monitor
that's a great that's a great background
rich I don't see what this looks like
maybe hey welcome to the shit show
everyone we did it we're finally ready
rich we're finally ready to play vampire
are we the mass we finally ready ok can
anybody truly be ready to play vampire
the masquerade bloodlines do we ever
prep the for stream yeah bite my ass I
don't want to play this game in the
first place what what we decided
beforehand was we wanted to capture the
true gaming experience yeah yeah and if
you were just some random person who
came across vampire the bloodline the
reins this is what you would have to go
through and we wanted to stream our
experience to you
hey I anticipated some kind of futzing
around that I get to get it to work
I didn't expect a fan patch that would
take literally an hour to download right
that I did not anticipate oh yes I won't
forget Dawn of War 2 on the list you're
right let's crash shut up
dawn of war - great got it got it gotta
get it let's see here let's see we're
hyperactive slob says hey guys tips one
play it like you want to malkov n' turns
the game from serious into Deadpool
because they are insane so they're
saying we should play malkov a nyan 3
there's a questionnaire that helps
create a character have fun oh it's
night we're here answer the series of
questions about the type of vampires you
would like to play no to the game to
create your character do I have the
option to play as a human apparently not
let's and so let's add let's answer
questions they won't give me that option
you are stuck in traffic after a concert
and the guy behind you is laying on the
horn your friends in the car are urging
you to park the car and help them stick
this dude's horn somewhere uncomfortable
do you what kind of vampire do we want
to be rich in the hospital whatever my
bones are at the opening in a very
exclusive nightclub won't select you
inside to party with all the beautiful
people do you go somewhere else and do
something that's actually fun and then
hanging around a bunch of drunk people
let's talk our way out of it convince
him we work for that director you know
and you'll bring him with you next time
slip in undetected or slipping under
desk or bribe him or bribe him how do
you feel rich you just beat up a guy
because he laid on his horn too much
that's your character I want to let you
know that I don't care about any of
these two was fine
great you were mugged last night it
wasn't life-threatening but you want to
take
some measures to make sure that if it
happens again you aren't defenseless do
you sign up for martial arts class start
carrying a knife and conceal it in your
belt or buy a gun have clothes and
personals my style
yeah all right this is the person who
sneaks into nightclubs and and fights
people who honk at him and you got a
knife in your belt now great I know I'm
understanding your character is I'm not
judging your character I'm understanding
your character you are in a hospital
looking for a doctor who's late on his
blood payments what his blood payments
oh god is that some kind of retarded
vampire the masquerade bullshit a nurse
steps in front of you and says you can't
go in there it's restricted the medical
staff only do you toss her aside like a
rag doll and keep going or show her your
fangs and send her fleeing in fear for
her life fucking kill that bitch she's
getting in between you and your blood
payments this is why I can't get into
this game well I'll keep the dreck you
like Sims toss her aside like a rag oh
this is not the fantasy for me whoa whoa
or do you hit center with your fangs
like they do in the movies fine you're
out beat at an auction for a macabre
piece of art that you just must I really
don't need that vikarm piece of art you
know the collector who won it you've
been you've even been to his house do
you get a few drinks with him later and
persuade him to sell it wait until he
leaves find his spare key and make it
look like a robbery or write an
unflattering critique on the artist get
it published and just wait for your
friend to try to unload it well none of
those seem like good options move it's
fine an intruder has broken into your
house and has hinted you
you have no choice but to confront them
overpower wrestle grab a heavy lamp and
smash their face in or grab your gun
wait you chose a knife before where did
you get your gun where did you get your
gun why don't you both sound nice yeah
yeah go with the weapon smash the face
in always go with them always smash
their face in with a lamp not with your
bare hands yeah cuz that might hurt your
hands you're not gonna you know you can
always do that after you hit him with
the lamp right boo okay while in the
club cuz we go clubbing all the time you
spot your ex roommate who skipped out
after taking your stuff and leaving you
with a stack of bills he looks dead
drunk do you grab him by the head and
repeat okay if you were a spy would you
be the kind that charms and seduces or
the kind that gets in and out without
being see the world is a cruel and
unforgiving place but you've gotten so
far why is it because you live alone and
don't need others or do you stay out of
sight and the world won't even know
you're there
thank for you blue breach I'm trying to
get you into the will the vampires
that's not working
Transylvania has always been a little
Russian right I know I'm going Russian
but I think that's that's just a
Transylvania thing you have been
embraced by the Gangrel clan Cystic
kangaroo sometimes called nomads loners
are introverts the Gangrel spear in the
trappings of civilization and prefer to
roam the wild this game was gonna be
like playing somebody sexual fetish
fetish that they throw out there and try
to pretend like it's not actually a
fetish news like it's perfectly normal
that I like vampires and let me bite
your neck nothing sexual about that oh
god my neck stand up my name is Tate I
don't know if I can keep up the vampire
I don't know how much I can keep with a
vampire voice without rich punching me
in the face you keep doing it if it's
entertaining people seem to like the
vampire voice hmm okay let's see here
chef Abel says hmm I own the 5vr with
room-scale movement itself is world
changing though difficult to explain
need to try it to understand similar to
psychedelics in terms of eye-opening
experiences were okay with these people
are saying they like the vampire I think
they just want me to hurt my voice
though it'll be fine
great let's read more tips gobbledygook
says seriously the DC Universe Online I
hope you make it how to bring the axe
mothership and choose metropolis not
Gotham and go
to the beach and punch gorilla grodd's
apes in their damn dirty faces blue
I sound like Count Chocula yes I'm doing
a cartoon vampire because that's what I
think about vampires but on the myth
says Jesus shut up and play a man hmm oh
you know I'm gonna take a little break
from the vampire voice I'll save it for
the game not the tips how about them
okay Ben anonymous has been sitting in
front of premiere for the last three
weeks non-stop editing super fun but I'm
seeing timelines in my sleep ears at tip
so you can make more content content
dooming you to the same fate absolutely
we've all been there got so far this
feels like somebody's just dragging me
to like their S&M; Club and they're
making you like pick out your own
leather like no it'll be fun pick out
your leather and you're like I don't
know so closest their animalistic side I
don't even want to wear leather no but
Richie you haven't pick it out you get
to pick out oh yeah
rich you get to pick out your own ball
gag I don't want to wear a ball game but
you get to pick it out seven of Borgnine
says what is the over-under on the time
it will take rich to rant about the Jedi
and Jack to be listless and bored while
playing Knights of the Old Republic
under five minutes
instant I remember his reason I don't
want to play the game and I remember in
my playthrough like I got bored real
real fast so it's gonna be under five
minutes you want me to say ooh
Unni uh uh - oh I get it one not Unni
one that's as high as I can count
do I not have points to spend here I
guess I don't have points to spend
starting off I think this is just okay
that's fine that's fine he's just
showing you what you can do whoo-hoo
ting tang walla walla bing bang deep is
fine
great great hey Jack this is anonymous
last few streams ago how to put video
files onto VHS I figured it out with the
Raspberry Pi and Cody software matter of
fact I'm recording this stream onto tape
as I typed this who are we supposed to
be naming this character after oh fuck
let me find out yes yonder yonder yonder
yonder asked to be named because yonder
yonder says that they are the ones who
spurned us to play this who started the
gag that we need to play vampire the
masquerade hmm well hey you know what
anonymous I'm really glad you figured it
out there are you know there are some
ways to get it to VHS and I'm glad you
figured it out I'm glad that this stream
will be on VHS oh shit
this is this acting all fucked up for
you that's fine
Zaphod I'm sure that means something
write that down
that us probably look I like I like the
dreadlocks have a mind of their own
okay that's not us okay that's totally
not us there's gotta be yes
Oh God have a purpose
it's glitching out on the stream but it
is not glitching out for us to look at
that like the background every once in a
while I like it like to see that yeah
it's fine
so it is not glitching out for us on the
television it is only glitching out for
you people on stream which is weird
which is very very strange
so I'm sure whoever wrote this script
was really really proud of it
rich look at all these cool vampires
they're so cool they're so cool there's
no audio can you get over there and just
turn up their audio a little bit the
game
we can't I can't I'm sorry I skipped
this I hear do I hear you guys that
there's no game audio like I just said
this is bullshit I agree
what why do we were always paired yeah
there are subtitles they're incredibly
small and way on the top left so
basically we were spared for some reason
by the prince they they need someone to
pass out bulk acts at the clubs how long
in order to say that we've played it
like I said we are gonna play until we
are absolutely done with it forever and
ever amen which like already I hate it
but I can I can
I've grown a pretty tough skin when it
came to bed when it comes to bad stuff
so we're gonna give it a try we're gonna
play a little bit of it and then we
never ever have to play it again nope
also my windows 10 computer is
restarting so good job Windows 10 Thank
You Windows 10 for restarting whenever
you goddamn feel like it
okay
whenever you get control of your mouse
we need to turn up the game audio a
little bit there we go not that much not
that much are you sure I don't know here
fine fuck it no it ain't great alright
okay use your mouse to look around use
WASD keys by default Smoove use the
toggle auto move and target Ottawa blah
blah great great
let's do it let's vampire masquerade oh
shit we're a vampire sounds a lot like
champ demise yeah yeah he's gonna tell
us how to bend things I don't know if
you guys can hear this but that sounds a
lot like John DiMaggio we can hear the
audio now but I'm not sure if we want to
John DiMaggio is benders voice actor yes
or Marcus Fenix yes or it could be
Marcus Fenix
or Jake the dog yes orgy it could be any
of those I guess I only have one option
what do you mean where he's he gone he's
still working john dimaggio what do i do
I do not want to suck somebody's blood
that sounds like a horrible thing to do
I don't see that option nope
alright I'm going with one I'd like to
read tips right now but Windows 10
decided nothing you know really I think
I think sucking somebody's blood is a
horrendous thing to do rich your vampire
can you just put me out of my misery
where's that option I know the prince
has spared me but I actually wanted him
to kill me yeah because I don't want to
live like this that's the only is that
the only moral option in that position
no the only more actually the only moral
options to try and take some of them
with you
I mean you know if we're talking
biological then no then it's it's the
strongest survives and now now humans
are food right
humans are food rich
don't work that way
you rich the game assumes because you're
playing a vampire game that you want
that's super into this idea that you
want to be a vampire this is this is
your chance to be that vampire you
always wanted to be
okay go ahead and go suck some blood not
that guys look can we change our outfit
cuz man this sucks oh here we go
it fills your blood pool to feed
approach your victim and press feed the
F key when you are close it is important
that humans do not see you feed on other
humans all right okay oh here we go
computer finally restarted so I can go
back to reading tips now Thank You
Windows 10 for deciding that uh that you
needed to update some stuff where's the
insert sure
I'll tell tis fine hey
don't dream completely dry don't dream
completely dry
Oh God rich don't do it don't do it it's
okay
great you did it congratulations
congratulations
now what well hey you know great there's
no John DiMaggio some more you'll have
some wise words to tell ya all right
here we go it's definitely it's choppier
I don't know why but it's choppier for
you guys on stream than it is for us and
we're doing a straight-up monitor
capture like not a game capture and I
can only assume that that's the problem
but okay is there no way to turn up the
audio we have to turn it up more
it looks pretty loud already I don't
want it to be louder than us but and now
you can actually see the subtitles
button I don't know this game is $20 on
Steam stay MC Lucas says please don't
actually play Knights of the Old
Republic it's just not worth it I'm
sorry for taking us down that dark road
it's too late MC Lucas people want it
people ask all the times not just you
hey rich ya ever hear of Douma knows no
yet treated as each I added Dawn of War
2 to the list Grand Moff coolly says
payday shut up and take my money
what is that that's some of the words
sound effects I've ever heard
crop says if you guys are up for getting
J into stream until dawn for Halloween
I'll donate I'll donate it LOL chokeman
dingo we'll see J shows up when he
goddamn feels like it
mokey EB is what I don't know where I'm
going into the club you gained a healing
rate you just click on the door is there
a youth thing you doesn't at the bottom
of your screen is the youth icon this
icon appears when you're able to use an
object in front of you press the use key
okay great great context-sensitive
what great as other people said don't
play kotor it's not a good streaming
game especially if you haven't played it
before jyggalag that's the whole purpose
so people will shut up
yes so people will stop asking us to
play it that's the whole purpose of
these streams mokey b85 says hey
wreckers just like being turned into a
vampire play this game playing this game
is meant to be played against your will
a truly immersive experience my name is
Tate says how much of a tip would it
take to get rich to get in on a vampire
voice and pretend he's enjoying this no
future a famous person says someone
should really make a mod for this game
where all the characters have and
over-the-top Transylvanian accent
when that'd be great no time for a
political rundown job one get out of
here alive Sabbath might be mindless but
they eat like a Mack truck it would no
that would make the game intolerable I'm
sure if it's up back away I was there
Jen I already said that I saw that pop
up I keep for you
oh yeah you have to got volumes up now
he's a badass
dark to some degree you know some degree
yep
bastards kec banner lives his richest
master smashed their face in with the
blunt end of a blood rifle man telegin
wants to know if this game is a failed
joss whedon project I think I think Jos
had you know actual characters doing
shit I've never seen Buffy the Vampire
Slayer
I've seen the movie I love the movie
I've never seen a TV show I'm told I
should watch it lost in Technicolor says
Jackie I do vampires like to drink zip
blah the virgins I think I've heard this
joke why do vampires like to drink the
blood of virgins why
well you wouldn't want to eat a steak if
someone fucked it I think that's the
joke something like that somebody
probably has fucked the steak you've
eaten though like the steak not the cow
I could find if they fuck the cow I
don't fuck the stage yeah the analogy is
perfect I don't get it
you're reading a virgin at a virgin
steak it's not like somebody's fucking a
steak of a virgin virgin has been fucked
you eat the virgin the cow has been
fucked you eat the cow hmm
has it been fucked unless they consider
virgin cows to be more tender I don't is
that a thing are there like separate
breeding I know I assume they're like
set from the cows you eat I think so
I find this conversation much more
interesting than the game so far okay
I'm gonna tell you this okay my cousin
is a cattle rancher hold on
you did it did you have to do anything
oh it automatically goes into third
master
now let's see here the blue blaze says
nice to see the first and last episode
of this new series what's your least
favorite genre hope you see or see a
rectum of jack's vampire voice for the
halloween stream a return of jack's
vampire voice for the halloween stream
speaking of which LOL fuck my cock blues
favorite game genre or survival horror
survival horror yeah I'll probably be
with you now I have not had fun with
survival horror games Edgar Allen a hope
says rich can you please make that half
concern to half horrified face during
all screams no you made a face Oh half
concerned have qualified video confused
you were so baffled by something that I
said there's a face that you make okay
when you're so baffled by something I
say you can't yeah it's that one that
you can't quite comprehend it
and Casey Banner live says can you you
can disable the auto updating windows no
need to complain but can you alright
JRPG you find JRPG and whore
plus five nights at freddys that's a
great that's a horrible that's a great
example of a horrible game I'm looking
for where I can change my settings while
you you play this game
we're gonna choose how updates are
delivered
yeah I'll tell you what I think some
other time maybe I like to let
I'll figure out that it later jacket was
he ever heard of Domino's
you said Domino's turd smuggler you said
do oooo Emma knows Domino's I don't ya
I'm so I'm sorry if I missed up here I
missed everything and the kind of JRPGs
rich usually has are the turn are the
classic based one yes technically
speaking you can call blood-borne a JRPG
no it's not but that's not the exact
general rich is talking about there are
RPG elements to blood-borne what is that
oh my god oh my god look at that
Cambridge Health UK says hi jack and
rich Evans while mainly a PC gamer I
have both the ps4 and Xbox one but I
really don't play them if I had to pick
one I'd pick the Xbox one for the
exclusives which do you prefer
what exclusives are there on Xbox ones
that aren't on the PC I
I completely regret what are we choosing
between you an Xbox 100 ps4 ps4 ps4 of
course ps4 cuz then you get to play
blood-borne I cannot think of an Xbox
exclusive that you can't also get on
Windows gamer child Duchaine ps4 you get
blood-borne done boom done boom Dennis
you get sunset overdrive and halo 5 yeah
yeah yeah ps4 you get a you get a
fucking shooter that you need a
first-person shooter the Andy is a
fucking game pad for just crap mmm and I
don't know sunset overdrive yeah doesn't
look like the worst thing her what it
was I don't even know I don't know if it
was good or bad it came out and that was
it yeah it came out you could say that
you came out but blood more blood borne
which is the only current reason to get
a ps4 yeah the only I'm trying I'm
literally just trying to think of any
other exclusive
yes what last Guardian is gonna come out
on ps4 that's alright that's one there
you go there you go that's gonna be ps4
exclusive
you're a while yeah
what are you doing I'm trying to hack
the safe
we're gonna be a while
desert they're saying one two three four
that's probably it no that wasn't it
oh yeah okay it's probably 69 69 that
would be it
try 69 69 nope I don't know I don't know
beyond infinite says about time I can't
prereq live goodness as always your
great rich the joke you made about
Saddam and killing the warden made me
lol which is no easy task Jack what's
your favorite Kayne film lol fuck McCook
Michael Caine I can't use like my
vampire strength to knock the fucking
door down it's an office door I'm gonna
jump through the fucking window cuz
you're a vampire I know rich I don't
know instead instead you got a hunt for
a thing how about them it would be super
badass and great too like losing
strength or whatever button
yeah I'm sorry
Evel knieval says it's like Jedi powers
it only works on dumb doors this is a
smart door you need to find the password
rich
I don't know if the passwords on the
computer yeah is it on that piece of
paper directly above the same is that
yellow piece of paper oh shit she's at
eat cheerio
chop chopper it's stupid chop chop
let's just put the passwords right next
to the computer there you go
entering menu great boom great you did
it you did it rich congratulations great
take it stupid of them show you do
things to tutorial look I just don't
give a shit about this game to begin
with do you not get that are you that
think that think did not realize that
I'm just completely disinterested from
the start
rich people really like this game this
is apparently some sort of classic there
was a tutorial message it you guys miss
somehow trapped in somebody's sexual
fantasy whose gothy shit oh you've been
wounded great great I use blood it's
fine this is apparently a classic it's
such a vaca such a classic everyone told
us we needed to play this game traitor
to z CH says ctrl + C it was written on
the bottom of the screen at the computer
control + C what does what apparently
that was what you needed a password
thank you I mean you got it already
take tak Abrash says reading any good
books right now I'm rereading the wise
man
fear and it's okay are you reading
anything right now no just keep reading
great I I recently downloaded a new book
it's all about improv comedy and it was
written by a guy who instructs improv
comedy at UCB theater and I was really
excited to start reading that like oh
yeah I'll read a book on comedy it'll
mean you know someone who does comedy
workshops that'll be great and then I go
into my little kindle area and
apparently at at some point Hugh Howey
the guy who wrote that wool book wrote
and released another book and apparently
I knew about it at some point because i
pre-ordered it and it's just on the
kindle waiting for me but I forgot it
came out this guy who wrote one of my
favorite books of recent in recent
memory
you just forgot it came out and it's
just on my Kindle now and it's like it's
like shit so Hugh Howey wrote a new book
and I'm excited to read that that's all
I got I am NOT going to join The
Groundlings or second city mostly
because neither of them on Milwaukee I
just like reading books on comedy and
stuffing UCB has a fantastic reputation
in comedy The Upright Citizens Brigade
theater is where you is where a lot of
talents has come from
these need to eat around yeah yes I am a
bad fan
polite a vampire society yep Joerg Amani
that says congratulations on opening a
safe a winner is fuck my sock and bass 9
Wario says I don't know if you've
noticed it yet but this game is really
bad it looks very bad I know it's an
older I know it's an older game so like
I'm trying not to judge it on its looks
on its graphics but it looks very
supposed to double doors and not be seen
what double doors oh I'm sure like I'm
sure when I get around to playing thief
it will look just as bad I and I
understand that I I have no good right
oh yeah just gonna look terrible right
now thief thief us a saving grace okay
beautiful use of darks shadow no I'm
kidding
so no no like I'm laughing just cuz I'm
thinking of all the time we talk about
how filmmakers hide bad monster design
you put in the shadows that's kind of
what thief does okay
like and I understand that that's why I
said I understand this is an older game
but it just you know it just looks bad
don't Anonymous is watching you guys
play this is like watching a friend fall
into alcoholism or have a gambling
problem
please just stop playing it open up FTL
drink some birthday cake soda please we
care we're gonna or we're playing it
weird we're doing it
I would like at least for us to get into
the main game you've been detected by
your enemy I was behind the things
there's behind things holy city stay in
the shadows
oh wait OS do you see that bar is it
going out I don't know what that means
see how their green numbers like the
rising and lowering four forty nine
forty five fifty fifty-one
I think it's light over there so stay
out of the light so you okay 100 whoa I
think that's your light meter I don't
know look to your left
that's not the way that's not the way to
go all right all right I think Oh see I
think you need to follow the shadow path
behind this
though I'm gonna punch him in the face
nope I want to punch him in the face no
I can't I'd punch him in the face cuz
you're vampire you gotta be sneaky
Sydney the lawyer says hey guys thanks
for being a part of my newfound love of
video games if you could only play one
game forever but it has to be a game
you've reviewed on prereq which would
you choose what all the review wouldn't
review FTL right we did not review FTL
we've mentioned FTL in several reviews
but we're not doing doom forever any
game forever is gonna be terrible yeah
yeah I bet we got do we got blood-borne
I'll take do-over blood-borne really I
take blood one over again if I had to
play a game for ever and ever I choose I
need out of those try choose blood-borne
there were a couple other ones like if
you think about what did we talk about
when we talked about like the the like
six games we're playing right now I
might have talked about binding of issac
and if that's the case then definitely
binding of issac what am I supposed to
do cuz I'd walk over here and I get
spotted yeah I think you're supposed to
go that way I go behind that car and
then what yeah yeah then what can you go
alright can you go on the other side of
the car move nope no no nope
what do you a gun
what does it wasn't one for me
I like 26 years
okay no I was actually supposed to wait
for him to get paid by the thing I guess
he's supposed to are you supposed to
kill him I just walked past them I guess
I'm just supposed to walk past thank you
you stay there this time
giant doubled or were those the double
doors yeah I figured I could take him
out though
oh I don't believe it was just about
every stealth game ever made you can
take him out I don't believe he's
supposed to take him off I go go or are
you supposed to like wait till he goes
that way then go to the left of them I
get in the shadowy area and get behind
him
I'll get too distracted nope that wasn't
it
that wasn't it rich
I think if I had to play a game forever
it would be the binding of issac by the
way just thinking about all the games
we've reviewed and I definitely reviewed
it in that in that one blood-borne would
be a great secondary option but I think
like after you go through New Game+ New
Game+ most of us have to go through all
of that and just encounter the same
things over and over again I think that
would drive me crazy
whereas with binding of issac everyone
will be different you you you have to go
through a million iterations yeah to get
different powers and so that's what
would keep you slightly sane look you
wouldn't want to be stuck with one game
forever well of course it wouldn't want
to of course man that's why I'm trying
to I'm just trying to like be a little I
enjoy the shooting shoot of doom but
you're right now blood-borne not a bad
choice not a bad choice okay let's see
here anonymous visually this game isn't
that great but it's one of the first to
use the sauce engine so that's kind of
cool
I only assume that you mean Source
engine sure ever
whatevs great
and Tucker brash says goddamnit rich
please start playing checkers again you
can do drugs and play no man's guy no I
will I would hate no man's sky no man's
sky would depress me further if I had no
man's sky to play forever on a deserted
island just just the same thing over and
over and over again
they should have had vampires too no
man's guy oh my god oh you can start
punching now oh now I can punch him now
can I do that the first fucking place
tutorial whoa apparently when vampires
get punched enough they disintegrate
it's fine it's fine is it Jack trigger
Joyce know I've never done ecstasy that
that one scared me a little too much in
general I am NOT a touchy-feely kind of
person oh wait there's some on the
ground back there there you go tire iron
boom and so I didn't want those
sensations amplified for me is there a
damn inventory screen
oh those are those are some kind of
power sure sure
that's switching your powers how do I
use the fucking throw barge shark spear
I saw that look into a game called
alienation it's a super rad top-down
shooter twin-stick I do like twin stick
shooters oh I bet I would like alien
nation I will look into it
oh oh that did it what did you do that
just put away my weapon No put the fist
down great great singer HM this is to
help with the monotony of this game here
will be some conversation topics for the
rest of the evening are there any games
that you used to like but now dislike
that you are older I don't think the
first Jedi Knight aged very well yeah
yeah okay I used to very much be into
side-scrolling brawler
you know like arcade brawlers of course
that was that dominated the arcade and
Super Nintendo era and you know I think
a lot of them that I used to play
probably don't play as well but I still
think there's some good ones you know
we've never played in ice cream I wanted
to see if we can get a copy is beautiful
Joe I remember walking the fuck out of
people job
as far as side-scrolling over there
concern
Oh am I supposed to go through the doors
hammer I don't know I don't know I
played a little Metal Slug I didn't play
a ton of metal slug but Metal Slug is
fun yeah yeah but you know like
beautiful animation the classics like
contra I loved contra back in the day
I'm sure that would be a grave grave
disappointment to me by modern day game
beautiful Jo is pure genius fruit by the
magician I agree
what great what great there am I
supposed to take Mr Man What did he say
you're going to a great
I gotta go of course it looked great
does that occur well that's locked so
maybe there's a great in there you can't
pick it oh there's a door
well let's say here Chris Christ
Cullens says here's a couple bucks for
all you and the rlm guys - also could
you as loudly as possible tell my wife
Kim to feel better feel better cama
for fuck's sake what are you doing get
off your ass and feel better
Kim Kim Kim sky won't shut up about
asking us to ask you to feel better feel
better Kim can we're talking about you
ken we're not gonna shut up do you start
feeling better
Kim get on it get up you're a scammer oh
rich fit there's a door right next to
him there thing I don't remember
anything coming up when I went near that
door and he said go to the great I'm
just telling you what baby for fuck's
sake
god damn it Kim get up
lost in technicolor says let's say you
two were stranded on an island that was
abandoned you find a building with power
and whoever was there before just had
one game in one system what would be
your nightmare scenario for which we
were on a desert island yeah but there's
there's a building of power yeah and and
that the person who's there before us
had one game
what's our nightmare scenario oh it's
not the 360 because of whatever it is
it's gonna crash constantly and it's
gonna red ring
well no but like assuming like we have I
think the I think the point of that is
we have one thing to like occupy our
minds when we're not scavenging for food
and it's vampire the bloodlines
yeah yeah birds no man's sky what's
what's alright what's the nightmare you
know what mist oh nice myst maybe
Battletoads number Battletoads of
frustratingly heard that was that might
give you a goal yeah I have to be the
best at Battletoads I'm gonna be the one
guy to do it I'm gonna be the one gotta
beat Battletoads and I have all this
time to do it yep yeah maybe missed
maybe quantum break yeah that's a good
one order 1886 clock to break you
couldn't do this but there's no internet
connection right in a dream scenario
it's any game with an internet
connection so you can try to call for
help yeah yeah but no nightmare scenario
yeah would be like missed just bored the
witness oh that would be it it would be
the witness Battletoads drove me insane
when I was younger you get to that you
get to that power bike part right no one
can beat that power
part at least superman 64 like would
give you something to do the Battletoads
has a clear a clear point where your we
just can't move on you lost your
humanity rich but you're already a
vampire alright what ever he just walked
right by him unless there's like a
command to have him not do that there
wasn't much I can do about it
maybe I was just showing you that you
can lose humanity any love for the Sly
Cooper series and it was a fairly
generic platformer and an era where I
was sick to death of generic cartoony
platformers in the vein of Mario and all
right that's fair you know what the more
you guys the more you guys say it and
the more I think about it but my
nightmare scenario would be the witness
the same types of puzzles yeah that's
the only thing you have to fill your
brain is those awful awful puzzles blood
heal blood baths
blood here
that someone came out recently I saw
like an iPhone game that looked as if it
was just the puzzles from the witness by
the way yeah and and I saw that I said
oh that's funny that's kind of what we
were saying is just an iPhone game I
think it's doing well because it's just
the puzzles from the witness without any
of the boring 3d world shit so like
obligated to level up low or something
for the want pick that what is something
but you can't pick the lock I can't pick
a lot great you have to pick a lot
lock-picking lock-picking still below
and like difficulty 3 whoa Sok sorceress
so Oh what
so what did you have to do rich needs to
use blood buff to lockpick blood buffs
what bag yeah okay oh great you did it
you did it
what what you got here is a standard
blood lock Oh blood lock lock sorry
Jen's as rich is there any Pokemon
creature you think kind of looks neat or
cute who they or do they all look black
the only one I know off the top of my
head is Pikachu and deserves our word
yep I don't even remember what the
rat-a-tat-tat looks like he looks like
he kind of looks like a rat I've been
playing Pokemon why
because I got Pokemon white and it's
it's interesting they have some very
they have some very they've gotten a
little lazy with some of their Pokemon
designs like one is just called duck lit
and it's a it's a duck that's true it's
just a duck yeah like there's nothing
like red like ratatata without uh you
know res that is just a rat yeah duck
lit it's just a blue duck kind of thing
like fun about it they have some
interesting ones they have one that's
like a tiny little dust mite holding on
to a flower petal it's pretty adorable
hey your your speaking it's great you're
talking to me a great jack okay okay
good I got a I don't know I gotta be a
vampire
okay yes I haven't been super getting
into Pokemon why they have some very
strange things about it you it are you
supposed to be sneaky
they have this whole thing where like
friends are with you all the time and
I'll explain stuff to you and I don't
much care for it you need to use
protein-rich
you defeated the enemies sure but you
didn't defeat the enemy Claire I'm sure
he needs protein are you saying he needs
to find an interesting way to get some
protein
he needs a protein shake
what is this do it gave you a width
across one all right another how that
helps you be you did did something I
guess did it sir did something yeah yay
now you need to use animalism the mystic
vampire power that controls nature
animal there is a guard up ahead to use
animalism to incapacitate him and pass
by you have level 1 animalism known as
night wisp ravens scroll the mouse wheel
to select night wisp ravens place your
cursor over the guard and use the power
key default right-click to activate the
discipline the guard will be distracted
by a flock of mystical Ravens you can
then walk past him into the next room
night wisp Ravens
you have been detected by your enemy you
have to use night wisp Ravens will have
to see him to use it right I don't think
so
maybe oh you just don't care oh he's
distracted but he says get these fucking
birds out of here
all these birds doing in here that damn
it I hate when birds come into my
basement get out of my basement Birds
use a Transylvania voice for the
tutorial I much prefer like my this is
like an accountant voice yeah and I
think talking about like dark fantasy in
in a boring accountants voice is funnier
look is a game this might not even be
terrible just thematically I'm not I'm
not into the whole vampire thing
mm-hmm just totally not into it you can
throw an object to distract the enemy
it's sort of a Fargo voice but like I
said it's more just like boring boring
accountant man
when those reign of the why was I
detected by the innovator when he was
looking the other way with the destroy
ah
it's a fat load of crap
oh I'm sorry if you're a boring
accountant girl accountants are great
and the world needs accountants so
people can figure out how to do their
goddamn taxes
so I appreciate accountants but you know
usually accountants are known as boring
so I'm sorry I'm sorry to stereotype all
accountants
that's my bad and you know that's that's
just some judgment that I need to work
on turbo tax baby and I don't I don't I
don't trust myself to run turbo tax Sean
underscore says if you were on the
island of dr. Moreau and there were and
were transformed into an animal hybrid
would you rather play this game or the
other the other vampire the masquerade
based game which is really bad
what is it with our fans what why they
like pokken what's wrong okay broken the
rich bear what's wrong with them I could
only imagine so many well well this is
what you said this was 2004 was that I'm
trying to think when when a Futurama
started earlier than that yeah I mean 99
I think create 2000 or 99 could be you
know what sometimes you just got you got
to eat you got to get a paycheck the
years reflected our years just a
thousand years ahead
oh okay and the first episode of
Futurama the pilot that's New Year's Eve
hmm okay so I'm going to say came out in
2000 okay so this was 2004 that could
have been when a fee that could have
been the first time feature I'm always
cancer cancelled so Joe yeah actually
that very well could have been so John
DiMaggio was saying I could just use
work you know even if you show's popular
you can still take other chapstick well
this is a day I won't write for this
absolutely absolutely
oh I have a gun
all right Afton
that you suck
like I said just shoot them all that's
right Maggio is a pro he does what he
needs to earn a living absolutely and
you know what can't shoot what shit at
you know a voice actor like any other
actor like any other creative
professional that that is a that is
someone who is freelance and you never
know when your next job is coming so you
take them all you take all the job while
your arms are a skill rich I understand
I understand but you have to level them
up for it
your vampire do you understand what I
love to say why did you load a save uh
cuz I used all my bullets trying to
shoot those and I don't want to use on
the horse oh my god this is so late yeah
Oh rich why would you do such a thing
without saving first it said autosave
which I assume means saves automatically
oh I didn't know they meant once every
year
I guess I guess we're done we're done
we're done uh
Anonymous's what are your opinions on
the movie and TV series Buffy the
Vampire Slayer laugh out loud
and have sex with my penis I never
watched the Buffy I like I saw the movie
and thought it was good can't be fun
uh-huh
and then I never watched the series yeah
let's say the same yeah and I've been
told by many many people that I would
like the series and I do like Joss
Whedon in general so I probably would
like the series but I also really don't
give a fuck about vampires but I
I'm sure Buffy takes a comedic thing to
it I don't know a Farren's says thanks
for the signed blu-ray of space cop I
can't wait to watch it when I get home
also thanks for let's playing one of my
favorite games I'll play it again once
it makes it not crash on my PC okay I
may be this okay okay
Siri Genesis any movies that are
technically considered mediocre ever
make you tear up before mine was hochy
it's about a dog that kept waiting for
his owner every day after the owner died
I cried like a bitch famous episode of
the dog that's true
you know what a bit of Trivium
originally it wasn't supposed to be a
dog and then episode of Futurama there's
supposed to be Fry's mother oh that they
found like petrified that would have
been worse it wouldn't have been sad to
people as the dog I bet you you don't
think I'll bet you a hundred bucks oh
you know what I'm a sucker for that kind
of stuff it's I know it's not
technically impressive but mr. Holland's
Opus gets me every time
yeah that's just that's just a bait just
you know a music teacher has a kid who
goes deaf or has a kid who's born deaf
that's just funny it's about it's about
this guy who wants to be a musician but
then like just takes a job as a music
teacher to pay the bills why he's
writing a song while you know writing
his masterpiece he never quite gets
around to it and then at the end of the
movie all of his students throughout the
generations play the song he's been
working on for 50 years right in the
heart mr. Holland's Opus Thomas says if
you ended up on the island from lost and
had to pass time while in a hatch would
you rather play a version of this game
with lightsabers or watch a version of
Super Mario movie with lightsabers with
lightsabers yeah that'd be great cuz why
not
I'd be great so do you feel like you
have a better understanding of vampire
the masquerade did I cry like a bitch
though for mr. Collins opens opus
abso-fucking-lutely abso-fuckin'-lutely
and beefcake I have your tois chernow
running the windows 7 drive and it's
running great so I just wanted to let
you know that twat sure is back up and
running on the streaming computer
Tiberius Kirk 13 months in a row
Tiberius Kirk says yay and in a couple
of weeks it'll be a year since we
started the holodeck 226 Trek episodes
already that's amazing that's a lot they
gotta be running out of Trek episodes
right what are you gonna do when you run
out of truck
like what's the plan what's the
long-term plan man
right right Tabari HK 20 fucking months
in a row tomorrow eh cases 20 months and
another day closer to death
Shaun underscore for 12 months in a row
welcome to the one-year Club and Shawn
says quality streams like this are why I
subscribe krob16 months in a row krob
says sweet 16 you know it
mm-hmm only child unpowered raindrop 24
fucking months in a row on Pavel
raindrip says keep on truckin ragged
scribe for 14 months in a row jolly
nihilist jolly analysis the look on
Rich's faces everything a + + + +
confused it annoyed looking what I
really be great is when you cut this up
for YouTube later is that first hour is
just downloading the package that'll
make for a great cut people who watch
this and a Google Display it's an hour
of you downloading a pad and I kind of
fucking love that I'm really excited
about that part we do for some more we
are doing some one where were we more at
you Moz Maria ma says molto bene new
Magnus PU 20 fucking months in a row
Magnus P uses about fucking tonight he
know how about heliosphere 1969 Jesus
Christ shut up and take my money take a
brash welcome Krakow Kane for 12 months
in a row guitar guitar so 19 months in a
row guitar so says rich why did you
shave
beard you look better with the beard
right why did you shave I'm just
thinking maybe a little bit scraggly
here in here then I shaved and I kind of
regretted it yeah yeah but then you had
to keep shaving first for something for
something because it was easier I needed
to keep shaving so I could wear a beard
that's probably irony yeah yeah yeah you
need to keep shaving so you could put on
a fake beard because it is much easier
to could put a fake beard yeah skin
actually I think that probably Mike like
me real beard but I've been peeking
through like I wouldn't blind up with
the fake so I guess it depends on the
fake so but now that's over yeah I
should probably let it go now it's
probably grow back but I shaved today
because we filmed some episodes sure and
I didn't want like you know three days
stubble
oh sure so here let's see here
Casey Banner live welcome casual horse
casual horse casual horses dear god the
humanity savvy bones welcome professor
physics 22 fucking months in a row
professor physics says fuck the pain
away
Cameron Mitchell's ghost give us moon 13
months in a row and base 9 Wario welcome
thank you all for subscribing we really
appreciate it it's true we really do
thank you we're not gonna do funny in
here got to be predictable while angling
you know Jahnavi is setup to be to say
something that you can cut off right
what do you want blah blah suck my blood
there you go cut off on that well I'd
like you just said goodbye like a real
ending and I know like the fake ending
is our usual shtick so this is the C :
know what you do it's gonna be a letdown
