Oct 23, 2016
Aragami
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/100808171
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/100809409
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZgPCOkzWmYc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ytLojRb5QJA
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/790269776736190464

[Part I]
boom I see no no desktop audio showing
up which concerns me we have the mouse
and the keyboard if only there was
something I could do about that rich
properties Samsung thumb there we go
Daniel yet we want to make sure we're
slightly louder than the game yep yeah
we should
by all accounts be streaming right this
very moment laptop others do we have a
cord vallarta is the twat Sarang nope
you said you had an updated washer nope
we updated chatty oh the twat sure is
not running pause momentarily
he don't like change too bad you get
changed how did you start I did oh my
god I mean right now
that's MAME
isn't it a hold on we're gonna start the
swatch it because it isn't currently not
started yes run no don't always ask
before running this and insert they ever
play yes that we have we've replaced
we've replaced many things and connected
connected we're connected don't worry I
got me mr. Prez auntie great and now we
are good to go except of the room change
that's a great question wait where's the
remote
right in there so many things are
different
hey everybody what's up with the room
change well in the old room yeah I had
organized all of our cords so that was
neat and clean and orderly and I had it
all I have all in these plastic strips
going into the couch and writing was
measured out and it bundled and then the
second way had to move something it had
to go everything every right by the way
not just your cords the entire room had
to go yeah not only do we stream from
this location this these microphones the
the zoom this is where you guys do mic
is too hot what's different who's hot my
mic your mic your mic is too hot what is
it
whatever not too loud for me I moved it
away from my face so
the shootin energy at each other and
that's great great okay so not only do
we stream from this location this is
where you guys do your audio commentary
tracks for movies and such for the old
room huh yeah the old well the I mean
here you know now these microphones you
watch it on this TV you you nothing like
that has ever been filmed at the setup
before no no because this is brand-new
what I'm trying to explain why we're in
a new room I'm trying to explain why
we're in a new room you can explain
nothing Jack nothing and so they wanted
to also make it easier for them to do
audio commentary tracks and not have
everything move around so we got a new
space I like it
yeah it's roomy I much prefer this
background this is an interesting
background yeah don't you think yeah
it's great but it's a great room we got
plenty of space in here everything's
great what is today's day the 23rd okay
great
I think it's great and we're happy to be
here it feels great in here it's super
comfy so the Kia but basically they
kicked us out but they kicked it
basically they kicked us out of our room
but they gave us like the nicer room and
so I don't know if I should I at first I
was a little like yeah I guess we can
change it's not a big deal but now I'm
just worried that they're gonna realize
we have the better room
okay we're gonna connect here get it
going
TC Brady one three three says is the
background replacing my AIDS medicine
how you fuckos have a great week fuck my
cock great they KITT right that's it
electric monk they kicked us in they
didn't kick us out they kicked us into
the room they won't realize it because
they don't watch prereq oh I think J
shows up sometimes
shadow leap justice gyno says I feel
about ninjas how rich feels about
vampires
really how do you feel about ninjas I
like ninjas yeah yeah ninjas are fun hmm
I'm not a ninja I'm a vengeful spirit
you're a spirit oh you know I know like
historically or you know like in movies
and such ninjas are portrayed you know
very similar to this wearing you know
black garments and yeah they just look
like ninjas look and I know historically
they did not dress like that they were
dressed like normal people to be asked
to be incognito is there any game where
you need to like dress like the local
population Landon hitman hitman okay
I've never really got into the hidden
man games I told the story before I
played the first one I liked it yeah
except I couldn't really play because my
computer wasn't really great at the time
and it took literally a half an hour
every time I died to reload the level oh
because your computer wasn't so great
yeah yeah isn't this the free space wait
a mold the right okay
historically they didn't exist it uh
well you know they were there were just
like assassins right who ninjas ninjas
yeah
they don't exist like we really know
them right right they're not like super
powered karate people I I understand
that I couldn't get into hitman because
I looked like the character well when
hitman first came out I was just balding
I wasn't fully bald and yeah I couldn't
deal with I couldn't deal with my own
future I couldn't I couldn't deal with
it but yeah I like the idea of like
having to scan out an area and like
figure out how to blend in like oh how
can I sneak it you know like if you have
to you might enjoy hitman yeah yeah
first that man what are we glad we could
play it won't be next stream won't be
next room we have a plan for the next
dream ish we have a vague idea of a plan
this is not Okami
this is oh come on Rami right what's it
called again
irony origami the cover of it looks a
lot like Okami technically jakka's
played thief we've hit a snag we're not
doing an episode because Jackie won't
explain what's going on with you and
thief you guys are all so so the back
story for those who don't know is rich
wanted to replay thief I'm gonna do a
retrospective episode on Andy that's a
fine example to replay thief is will do
a whole let's look back at this classic
game episode yeah so I got FIFA thief 1
and thief two off of Gog and started
playing it obviously not fast enough for
rich cuz he was insisting that I played
it and I got terribly terribly motion
sick
and I looked into it and apparently
sometimes with older games whether it's
the framerate rather whether it's
something for some reason in older first
person shooters some people experience
heavy motion sickness and I am one of
those people and I've tried multiple
times like during during day time during
night time there's no real like field of
view slider mm-hm
in thief and I think that might be the
problem is maybe the field of view is
too narrow or too wide or wherever if
you tried messing with the settings
there might be a way to change the field
of view I thought I'd look not in the
settings I mean in the the ini file this
is some this is some PC master-race
sometimes you could adjust things that
are in an options menu because you go to
the file where they store this
information yeah and you just change the
variables manually oh geez maybe so look
up do a search
theif fov and like change or I oh I I
and I file or something this is not
something I've ever heard of by the way
again older FPS games have bobbing that
always makes me want to puke how do i
crunch it's no it's not an excuse I want
to play it I know rich loves it I I
don't want to love it I want to play it
because it could be an interesting
episode rich is an old-school diehard
thief fan and I am brand-new to the
series that kind of perspective like for
a really good conversation so I want to
play it I used to have a problem with
motion sickness and first-person
shooters and I got over that but
obviously thief isn't a first-person
shooters just first-person but have I
considered drinking heavily I really
don't think that would help I'll be
honest with you
t fix does add an fo do okay so what's T
fix a fan-made program kind of updates
theif a bit okay better on modern
systems sure so you want to give another
whack I will look into this T fix I
tried to play it just own natural not
with it with no mods or anything but
perhaps I need I need this T fix mod
which adds a field of view slider yeah I
think I'm used to a wider field of view
and I believe it's very narrow I think
that's my problem
I've played Mirror's Edge and I was able
to play it fine I played it on stream
and plated fine with no real motion
sickness problems
this isn't bad this isn't bad yeah
they're saying you know if you want it's
like faster shadow jumps playing with
mouse and keyboard might be a better
option but I don't want to fucker the
bindings right now normally it normally
I'd be all over that shit yeah and if I
keep playing this when I get home yes
but for now it's working for now I'm
gonna deal with this it's working I've
like I've heard I've heard I can get
those like see bands things or just take
like seasickness pills but I don't want
it like it seems that seems extreme yeah
just to play a game so really I just
think I need to mess with the fov
settings and if I can do that in the ini
file or with T fix then we can still do
the episode which I would like to do how
is your replay through of thief's going
or are you done already no I'm not way
I'd to play gears oh that's right that's
right
we're done with I stopped everything for
that you have no more obligations it
altered my life in unspeakable ways
let's see here sha no future famous
person says at what length does facial
hair stop scratching your lady's face I
have a date on Friday but don't want to
shave I never measured before listen at
any length it's gonna scratch sometimes
ladies like the beard sometimes ladies
like to be it if do you have here's the
fight despite the itchiness Karen likes
like the five o'clock shadow oh yeah
yeah I know she doesn't like she doesn't
she's not fond of the itchiness but just
visually yeah she likes the five o'clock
shadow yeah yeah
oh wait you can be you can go on top
what happens we do that
oh then go and you know what a lot of it
is ladies preference my wife does not
like any say that would be a bad idea I
think healing one yeah absolutely
oh you're gonna move you viewed I think
nice Oh
what's not fast enough well now what
she's dead very telling me to get up
there Jack I blame you I would never
have done that it's seen them well you
know what I saw I didn't see that other
era i saw the arrow and thought that it
was still part of the tutorial where
it's like you can come up here come up
here now i didn't know you were just in
an arena jack is completely hairless all
yep my entire body shaving takes
approximately three hours and I have to
do it every other day but it's worth it
you know it's worth it well hey are they
in the storage room because we moved
rooms we're in a very lovely room we
have a new space here at the studio and
it's it's great it's a great space damn
it try to teleport down there
why does origamis theme page say that i
need an i5 processor and a gtx 680 to
run it but when I google it I find out
my shitty i3 and Nvidia 820 are enough
they're trying to cover their bases they
don't want to return because the
performance isn't great yeah are you
looking under minimal settings or
recommended settings on the steam page
listen and by the way I've hi I have had
some I've had some encouraging tweets
you know I do apologize for Wednesday
stream obviously it got a little out of
hand because I got a little obsessed
shit
you like war past people I don't know if
you're below official minimum it's your
own risk yeah yeah I think that's fair
what happens nope definitely not
wondering if maybe I get some like
double kill they were stunned enough
watching somebody die though you know
right in front of me like that just said
attempted how could I is there a way to
distract guards that would be nice that
would be nice check under the controls
yeah Wednesday got a little nuts I have
had some encouraging tweets of people
just saying listen we get it we've we're
gamers we've all been in that situation
before let the motion sick not motion
sick about Wednesday about streaming the
same level of mr. president
oh yeah and over and over again but you
know rich and I aren't just gamers we're
also right pots right we're also
whack-jobs know we're also entertainers
we're here to entertain you while we
play games well great and we weren't
doing our job as entertainers I wasn't
I'm not gonna blame rich and not
throwing rich under the bus with me here
but do I have to kill everybody or no
saying you don't have to kill everybody
okay nevermind oh great
I thought I thought it was like here's
the arena kill all the guys apparently
it wasn't so there were there was a
little achievement you could have gotten
if you wouldn't have killed anyone
really yeah so much for vengeful spirit
are you a vengeful spirit yes is that
what the lady told you yes the lady told
me did she say you have to kill everyone
she just said I'm a vengeful spirit
oh well that could mean a lot of things
once revenge for the village or
something I added him how do you get
revenge
I had so much faith in you or last
stream my mouse was hovering over the
clip button for when you made it no I
did not I did not make a I was what I
was hoping is we would end the night
with a victory didn't happen wasn't
going to have it didn't happen and I
couldn't I was so upset with myself I
didn't want to I don't I don't think
there was a comedy clip we could have
made out of that hour and a half yeah
besides just it playing at 20 times
speed I I don't know what to do when we
put that up and you do I don't know what
to do just make it its own separate
thing speed it up
no no just like put that in the
description be warned this is an hour
and a half of the same level over and
over and over again do I think the
Supergirl Superman is the best
live-action Superman or is Snyder's
Superman just terrible um does the top
Christopher Reeve well you know there's
there's some bad Christopher Reeves
because of the later movies yeah no I
think I am gonna say he's really he's a
he is a perfectly cast Superman and
Christopher I mean Christopher is just
so iconic at this point right yeah well
this guy does a really good job I would
say he's on par with Christopher Reeves
if not better because of the because of
Supergirl like the the play he gets off
of Supergirl and I mean he's only in
he's he has like 15 minutes of screen
time and he's great
Superman in the Supergirl is the
Superman we need alright I guess see
where Mouse aiming would come in handy
okay do you want to switch over
we got it's right a lot of a lot of
fucking around the bindings fuck around
paintings I'll talk about Superman super
girlfriend I don't have my nice mouse
with the extra buttons a little bit yep
do we need to order a mouse yeah
actually I would love that yeah I would
love that
I will shop later most rat places not
the time okay it's not the time I talked
about this before Superman and Supergirl
is Superman is in two episodes of the
new Supergirl and he doesn't get a ton
of screen time but he is happy he is
he's you know super strong he does all
the Superman things including being a
genuinely good guy like there's a moment
where he and Supergirl run into some
like United States military soldiers and
he stops in like shakes hands with our
soldiers and hey you're doing a great
job thanks for protecting our country
like he's fucking Superman you know one
of the big action sequences in Supergirl
the the evil villain is trying to
assassinate someone and Superman and
Supergirl show up and instead of trying
to hurt Superman and Superman
I've also I also have drones planted
throughout the city you have to choose
whether you want to rescue the the
person I'm trying to assassinate or let
all these people die like eyelets smart
that's how you defeat Superman you put
people in danger and that was there that
was their challenge it wasn't them
getting hurt it was them being able to
protect other people it was perfect
he had like his his big thing is that he
had an issue with this one guy because
when they met years ago this one guy
wanted to hold on to kryptonite just in
case Superman or any other Kryptonians
showed up and he could use it to defend
the earth and Superman was really pissed
at him for that because obviously he'd
hurt Superman but ya know he was super
suit the other guy was totally right the
other guy is totally right of course but
this Superman is a great Superman I'm
super happy with the show now that it's
on CW it's maintained its upbeat tone
it's storyline episode by episode is a
little bit stronger I'm super happy with
with Supergirl at the moment oh you can
make shadow oh and they don't last long
enough nope
he's super happy he is he's great it's
fun it's a fun watch if you enjoy the
Superman stuff so oh yeah we'll get into
that we'll get into them like that flash
hasn't been as terrible as I thought it
was going to be him now that they've
done the flash point change the timeline
thing hasn't been terrible I mean still
fun it's the same actors it's all fun
arrow is still arrow still crazy
what about squawk heart dropping out you
know that's that was going to be the
downside is on now that they're on CW
they just won't have the budget that
they had before and that means they
can't afford Calista Flockhart anymore
I'm sure she's still gonna show up every
once in a while wait what's the deal
enclosed a flat card she was she was on
Supergirl
no she's on Supergirl and other than it
used to be on a major Network Supergirl
he used to be on CBS oh and Calista
Flockhart was the boss lady she was a
she was super girls boss and she has
been replaced by angry man boss mm-hmm
oh you know it's fine and she said she
hasn't left the show permanently like
she she will come back every so often
but Flockhart said she was going to
stick with the show despite production
moving from LA to Toronto oh that's
right that's another reason is the show
is now in Toronto that's going to that's
gonna mean you don't get Calista
Flockhart as often she's still gonna
come back she's still gonna be the show
it's super fun angry boss man angry man
boss yes a well-known low-level
character actor is a angry man boss
so no one now what what hey Joe yes he's
basically he is he's basically gentleman
Jay jonah Jameson he is the the angry
reporter man now that now that now Kara
Danvers wants to be a reporter for some
reason it's never been alluded to that
she's ever wanted to be a reporter
before but now she really wants to be a
reporter and so her new boss is angry
man reporter weathered who doesn't who
doesn't trust this new girl and her
peppy optimism she can't be a real
reporter oh it's gonna be great it's
gonna be fucking great I love it
it's kind of funny that Jack didn't like
game thrones but like Supergirl like
Supergirl in the flash is it funny
because they're completely fucking
different shows getting past okay I
found a game of Thrones to be a little
confusing and it didn't have a main
character who I could get behind flash
and Supergirl are simple shows
significantly simpler than Game of
Thrones but I understand what's going on
in every episode so that's a big plus
for me I don't need to you know read
character biographies and synopses just
to understand what's happening simple
Jack exactly Jack likes things simple
let's see here
damn it Fleur King Dermot
I just got Oh gobbledygook says hey guys
I just got back from Reno and one big
putting some money on the Cubbies
do you ever gamble on sports ball no
also please tell Tiberius Kirk sorry
about the Dodgers ha ha that worked that
that worked you're not a Cubs fan right
yeah great great future future future
famous person says at what length of
fella we already read that one we are to
read though on Sean underscore says I
have some problems with motion sickness
with old games and some new games some
of the games you guys have played on
stream made me hide your tab and just
listen yeah that happens sometimes still
an issue here's my prediction what pubs
come they go up to nothing in the World
Series okay and lose four straight yeah
yeah that's my prediction you heard it
here first folks they're gonna go up two
games and they're gonna drop four great
I saw that comment and let me tell you a
story about drunk jack I think we talked
about this earlier Oh God
I saw someone say a comment about that
we've we've had a year free of drunk
jack and drunk jack is the best Jack
alright this is what I work yeah that's
fine I can't make it work
wait you just wait til the next best of
the worst comes out and you'll see
plenty of drunk jack I think I've
explained already that I I was told that
I wasn't going to be on the last episode
of best of the worst and so I started
drinking because you know yeah you know
I'm just watching moves with my friends
I'll get in some I'll get in some some
good some good shots when we watch the
movies and then I'll just hang back so
I'll have some drinks because I usually
don't like to drink when we're shooting
because you know I'm super professional
and stuff mm-hmm and then we get we get
to the actual discussion and and mike
says Jackie doing it and so then I
decided that the bit was going to be
that I'm drunk that's the bit now I'm
going to be so drunk and according to
Jay who's editing the episode you can
see me slowly tilt through the through
the timeline I just because you know
that's what happens I'm really looking
forward to that episode though drunk
jack is best Jack I'm sure I'm having a
couple drinks tonight
I'm having an energy drink then I got a
beer waiting for me
I am super professional and best of the
worst like when the show first started
I'd have a I've had to have it like a
drink here there and then I think I did
one episode where I had a couple drinks
and I didn't feel like it was a good
episode for me mm-hmm
so then in general I just try to you
know maybe have one during the
discussion that not drink too much
during the movie so I remember it I try
to stay clear-headed but not this
episode I went full tilt
Steve Dillon is dead Steve Dillon who
drew preacher yes did you did you hear
about that no what happened I don't I
don't think it was
anything malicious he just he passed
away you'll see yeah I will look it up
Steve down hold on oh that's sad I liked
his hard man Steve still on he worked on
preacher and Punisher oh we did Judge
Dredd you did a lot of things let's see
here what were causes Oh
oh crap how about
wait okay someone in the stream an
unknown causes
yeah it's endless and it's most likely
drugs wake up
wake up like to be able to hide bodies
maybe that's a skill you obtain later I
don't know how it works
drugs or can't yes most the most likely
is drugs or cancer and we're back oh
come on I was in the shadows all right
yeah no no a fish no mention of any
official reason let's see here oh hey
okay uh Anonymous wants to know what you
thought of the Logan trailer that's
great I don't care about Wolverine or
the x-men at all and I want to watch the
movie so it's an effective trailer
and I'm I am an x-men fan I'm a lid I
have a little bit of Wolverine fatigue
just because he is at the center of most
of the x-men movies and why isn't rich
playing Dishonored because I don't play
what you fuckers tell me to play and
insist and insist it insists we're
trying something new I wanted to just
play thief and Jack wanted to do a
fucking Gears of War for review yeah
that derailed my plans you get your
plans now III derailed you for a week
now I play all the thief's you want you
can play more than one game at a time to
go back and forth but yeah it looks neat
I like old man Professor X x-23 s
getting is getting a shot which is nice
I don't I wonder if they're going to
continue with her origin story
x-23 is a clone of Wolverine I'm
familiar with the character them that's
all I know though okay so I guess I'm
not that familiar with the character
okay
so we'll see what her story is all about
but this this seems to be a passing of
the torch movie which would be nice
because I know Hugh Jackman doesn't want
to do them anymore after this
and it has Wolverine putting his claws
into somebody's fucking skull exactly
what else could you ask for the answer
is nothing nope
oh no they can't do the foot claws that
would look that would look terrible on
screen does x-23 have foot claws yeah
that's why she only has two hand claws
is they surgically removed one of her
claws from her hands and inserted in
indoors yeah all right is there a wacky
x-men movie they can do it ever the fuck
they want it probably weird it probably
hard to shoot something like that and
have it not look goofy so my guess is
they will they will forgo the foot claws
foot call yeah so x20 and i'm i don't
know if it was confirmed in the trailer
i guess i'm just assuming that the girl
is x-23 who is a a female clone that's a
lot of resuming huh that is a lot of
presuming i guess i don't know why i
presumed that i just as soon as she was
x-23 is the female clone of wolverine
and they had to fiat use a female
because something about not being able
to replicate his DNA sequence perfectly
or not is some dumb comic book shit or
whatever cuz they wanted to draw a girl
Wolverine is why she's a few yeah confer
oh it does confirm it on IMDB okay great
well then my presumptions were whiten
because as it turns out I'm super smart
what do I think about Marvel sabotaging
the x-men comics because they can't
insert them into the Marvel since it's a
it's a deliberate business strategy
because they're making a lot more money
than they are in the comics with the
movies they're doing the same thing with
fans if they can sabotage it enough
they'll get the rights back because they
don't want to make you know they don't
want to help the competition because
they don't give a shit about comic books
right and they haven't for 20 years
that's not where they're making their
money anymore 15 years right they
haven't cared about comic books since
Iron Man is what I'm saying right and
and if they make more comic books Beit
they're giving their competitors movies
free advert yeah yeah so how I feel
about that and I get like I don't feel
terrible about it mostly because I'm not
reading x-men anything it's a it's a
business decision yeah I know they're
doing the same thing with the Fantastic
Four where they're they're leaving them
alone and they get to do whatever the
fuck they want to do if I was still
reading x-men I would be pissed it sucks
if you're a fan of these things but they
don't care about you because they don't
care about comic books that's not where
their money is your your your support
means jack shit it's made me hate Fox's
x-men movies so the strategy worked yep
then if you stop watching the movies no
you should hate Marvel huh you should
hate Marvel it's not Fox's fault for
it's not Fox's fault for wanting to use
the license that they paid money for
rival made that deal another essentially
stabbing Fox in the back no yes no no
that's what it is easy
that's fucking sleazy its sleazy it's
not illegal but it's sleaze it's well
it's it's not sleazy they're also under
no obligation to continue making those
comics you know but their reasoning is
still sleazy Oh show no man proto man
says it's it's far left over beefcakes
says it's it's fox's fault for making
shitty movies
oh the interesting thing you know I do
like I know because of the success of
Deadpool they are a Logan is gonna be a
rated R Wolverine movie which is
exciting the shooting of Logan what the
fuck is wrong with you assholes maybe
they just came in were we both talked
highly about the Logan trailer and now
we are shitting on Marvel for sabotaging
the x-men books because they can't make
x-men movies Oh be quiet privilege
checker Deadpool was fun
you leave Deadpool out of that but the
Deadpool movie sucked
a zillion million dollars disagrees with
you
does it have like a recharge yeah oh it
would be a lot easier with the mouse I
just don't feel like fucking around sure
it makes no it does make sense to
sabotage because if the comics continued
to be popular they all they're doing is
Fanning the flames for more movies the
The Avengers movie yeah made 800 million
dollars okay or was it a billion I'm
sure they made about a billion dollars
annually the x-men comic book what
probably not that eight hundred thousand
after they pay the artist and for the
printing and shipping and all that shit
may be sure yeah that's our the the the
private loss it's nothing what they make
on the comic books is nothing yeah they
they pay writer number five more than
they make annually on the comic books to
do the fifth rewrite that gets
completely rewritten when they hire the
sixth writer yeah
sure there's lower overhead and lower
risk too but instead of instead of
paying the x-men right this is a
perfectly profitable Lemonade Stand but
also like you can it's a lemonade stand
you could take that money concentrate on
new Marvel IP that you can then turn
into movies because the Marvel movie
business is so coaming yeah why why
right the x-men comic book when you
can't make an x-men movie which is where
you make your profit right you could
concentrate on like the Inhumans comic
and then you that's something you own
the rights to that you can then turn
into a movie or a TV show or whatever
you want and then you make
money in both cases then not only are
you running a lemonade stand but you're
also owning the orchard the lemons are
grown in and you're owning all the
products that the lemonade goes into
afterwards which is where the real money
is
if this metaphor isn't laboured enough
there's always money in the banana stand
absolutely in it well and you know like
a shit like I said I am no longer
reading the x-men comic so like for me
it really doesn't make a difference if I
still read it if my wife still read it
it would probably suck having you know
your storyline your characters well
that's life and life tends to suck yeah
so I'm sorry if you are a fan it makes
it makes sense to me from a business
standpoint Pattinson yep turn up Rich's
mic now what
turn up behind rich that doesn't even
mean anything turn up for what but uh I
get the moral story excited about Logan
ich I like that they're going r-rated it
was always weird to me that the guy who
can you know slice off people's limbs
and stuff was not r-rated but that's
just where it was before it looks like a
fine passing of the torch movie which is
something that all all comic-book movies
will need to deal with the sooner or
later
it's recast legacy characters always
suck always well always well exceptional
by the way this is going to be our first
test because if Hugh Jackman's not doing
them anymore and x-23 is it and there
will be a new Wolverine huh there will
be a new Wolverine will they or will it
down x-23 no she's the new Wolverine now
Cap'n they'll do one movie with her
maybe no they won't actually they won't
you know they know the data wouldn't do
that well and they wouldn't have a new
Wolverine sooner or later anyway
legacy characters always suck the we're
going we're going to get a test this is
going through legacy characters always
something it's going to be fun to watch
the legacy characters always suck
there's no testers so and so takes up
the mental from the character you
actually liked ah fine
I like that Miss Marvel here we're don't
why was great Kamala is great and you
know who no one read before miss Marvel
she's a legacy character who's a good
character she takes up the mantle of
course she takes it up in a completely
different way than Miss Marvel did but
yeah and Miss Marvel still around is
Captain Marvel so I don't know if that
counts exactly but I know people are
gonna disagree with me on that but and
my very liked a legacy character taking
up the mantle but replacing that cab do
you like but some other dick
check out this diggin you big fella
Peter Parker Welch is fucking bad I
don't know like I do think yeah we're
gonna shove some Ben Riley up your ass
you like that shit ya got Ben Riley shit
we'll listen you can't judge all the
legacy characters on Ben Riley he was
the worst no he was the real spider-man
all along it was Peter Parker that was
the clown
r.i.p headphone people yeah and you guys
were just asking me to turn up Rich's
volume so that's what you get and now
you're saying turn them down again you
people you people do right after someone
says turn them up everyone saying turn
them down and there's nothing we can do
there's nothing we can do
spoiler what did I spoil Oh Oh Ben Riley
I'm sorry for spoiling a 40 year old
comic book is that it let's not spoil it
territory at this point I've been Riley
that's that's get up to speed people's
with that right oh can you hit that gong
what I want to know maybe that's how you
distract the guards the new Ghost Rider
turned out to be better than Nicolas
Cage in two films he's turning out
alright agents of shield is turning out
not to suck which is very surprising I
was really prepared for total suckage
after the after the season premiere and
it's turning out that it kinda doesn't
suck it's not great but it kind of
doesn't suck so you know that's a step
up for agents of shields
damnit
but yeah he's alright I wish I wish he
looked better when he was Ghost Rider I
know they don't have a budget for like
really good special effects but it looks
super lame his his skull face and flame
looks super super lame and I know that
special effects are hard to do but you
just looked super babe super bang let's
see here this time it's lupus as hey
rich and Jack as a White Sox fan I'm
definitely hoping that the Cubs win it
everyone else in my family is a Cubs fan
and they deserve to be as happy as I was
in 2005 well then you're a liar the
Chicago is a heavily divided town when
it comes to sports nope not that way
so I actually have to kill all the I'll
wait find the talisman Oh find the
talisman
no wonder well rich has already made his
prediction two wins in a row than four
straight losses for the Cubs yeah I'm
not a betting man on sports so I will
continue not to bet on this even though
rich is an asshole like rooting for the
Cubs cubs playing the north side of
Chicago okay
historically or sturdy typically it's
the snobby side of town the writs of the
rich side it's where the assholes live
who look down on the little people oh
and it's rooting for the Cubs is like
rooting for the bully in the 80s high
school movie oh sure
okay I can't do it I it's so weird to me
you know I grew up there there there
weasels and weasels I grew up here in
Wisconsin and so like for me we have the
State baseball team we have one baseball
team mm-hmm so it's just weird to me
that a one city could have two baseball
teams yeah I don't understand it they
enough city it's big enough right right
but but you know this is the problems
you get when you have too big a city you
get this kind of kind of divided
attention
all sports Jax isn't um I'm talking I'm
not talking about the car talking about
this side of town they play on
stereotypically jag-offs knotty Ridge I
know nothing I know nothing about this
whole this whole Cubs vs. White Sox
thing I got shit for being on the north
side of a town wearing a set white White
Sox hat like what the fuck Gertz the
jerks I'm sorry
and I can't stand by it can't route form
can't stand by it sure ain't gonna
happen it's true people on the north
side of jerks I'm sorry I can't uh I
can't substantiate any of these rumors
we have the Brewers and it never matters
for us because the Brewers never win so
you know we never have to worry about
this type of divisive behaviour as far
as I know I guess they could win I'd
never pay attention b-b-boom mm-hmm
jack says anonymous if you are
interested in a short fairly cheap
adventure non-superhero comic I suggest
a very guy it's an adaptation of a fun
novel I enjoyed and the artwork looks to
be good quality verga thank you
anonymous I will remember that
see if it's on comiXology gotta get to
more commie
alright fuck is wrong with this guy okay
OOP troll
and here and let's see here mr. vendetta
said no rooting for the Cubs is what
separates us from the animals well know
how I feel about animals mm-hmm he
doesn't want to be one he knows he is
one and he doesn't want to be another
one I don't know if I've ever seen the
movie The Outsiders what was the worst
comic book you suffered through for an
extended period of time
I don't know it got uh was it I think it
was uncanny x-men my wife was reading it
and so you know she would we go comic
book shopping and she would get her
x-men comic books and I would get you
know whatever I got I think I was
reading a lot of the ultimate comic
books at that time the ultimate series
and I think I forget it was uncanny
x-men or the regular x-men run where the
art drastically changed and they were
getting into mega mutations like when
what which what the fuck is a mega
mutation bear with me ever feel wish
which was an x-men or uncanny x-men
where beast
turned into a cat monster you brought
you don't never read x-men No
one of the books beast turned into a cat
he was drawn as if he was a pretty
pretty cat and Emma Frost was having a
psychic affair with Scott Summers
because Phoenix was out doing Phoenix
this is probably why I don't read the ex
back that was new x-men maybe as new
x-men who knows apparently I found The
Talisman I guess I just had to kill
everyone
I don't know that wasn't clear great
Iceman was that was new expend all-new
x-men maybe yes that was it it was those
new x-men and they all started wearing
leather outfits like they wore in the
movies and that was some of the worst
like you know story wise some of the art
was okay but a lot a lot of people
looked awful and they started
introducing these new weird characters
who were interesting on their own right
but in with the group they weren't that
interesting and that's where we got the
whole Zorn timeline if anyone remembers
that Zorn the weird he was like a black
hole he had a black hole for a face and
he bore metal mask and then it turned
out it wasn't Sauron it was magneto and
he was still alive and it was the atom
so new x-men was the worst issue or was
the worst comic book that I continued to
read and I only continued to read it
because my wife was getting it and she
was only reading it because of the
momentum from earlier x-men reading
mm-hmm but the beast the whole beast
being a cat thing was so bothered him if
I say
I have a black hole for a face yeah no I
liked a lot of the characters and you
know it got interesting later when we
went like into the future like beak the
awful ugly chicken looking mutant was
great I liked some of those characters
where they were just ugly ugly mutants
so I would read that occasionally and
man I did not I did not like it no I
know like beasts used to just be kind of
a big dude
in the I mean original original he was
just a big dude I think he didn't grass
things with his feet Denis yeah like he
but he was like just strong and a
gymnast and be like but like a
relatively normal looking dude and then
he got all blue and hairy and then he
turned into a goddamn cat oh goes beacon
ugly John and the one with the fairy
wings who didn't really do much she just
had fairy wings and she had beaks baby
and it was an ugly baby it was great it
was great
like an x-men first class ah I don't
remember
wasn't x-men first fast beast was like
suppressing his blueness I don't
remember that movie very oh very well
I'm sorry
older Jack would say that blue beast was
dumb - he just didn't used to he just
isn't used to the cat form they still a
cat I don't know how does that work well
and you know this again the problems the
problems with comic books is this was
just one run of the x-men there were
three other x-men books at the time in
India three other x-men books beast
wasn't a cat and I didn't like him being
a pretty cat so much for stealth kill
yeah
Jack stop please stop talking about
comics no I think people like this shit
I'm gonna talk about what I want to talk
about I read comic books I'm gonna talk
about fucking comic books we're gonna
get onto other shit that we're gonna
talk about later don't worry about it
are you talking about all the shit oh
that's right and in the movie he tried
to cure himself of his mutant gene and
ended up amplifying it and turning into
the blue beast thing I remember real
McCobb yes you should hate Jennifer
Lawrence as mystique I find her to be a
terrible actress and I don't like her as
mystique I don't like her whole thing I
don't like first class was alright Days
of Future past
I think sucked balls I still have not
seen apocalypse I'm probably gonna see
it just more and more so just to hate
watching sorry Jen says so have you two
gotten your Halloween costumes ready I'm
trying to be girl link or Mia Fay
leaning more towards link but I suck at
making stuff for Halloween I'm going to
be rich Evans
bold choice yeah bold choice every year
for Halloween we wear family costumes so
we choose a theme and then you know we
all find a costume to wear within that
theme and I know eventually my boys will
be too old and they won't want to do it
anymore
so I were trying to hold on to that
tradition for as long as possible and
this year they were we were watching a
lot of the tick and so we decided to go
as you know people from the tick and I
was really excited about that I was
gonna be tick going to bathe in this
change this is well that we're getting
there and Parker was gonna be Arthur
Jackson was going to be the terror and
my wife was going to be poodle gun who
appeared in one episode of the tick
who's a superhero that has a gun that
shoots poodles and we started buying
stuff we started putting outfits
together everything is fine until
yesterday yesterday the children decided
that they no longer wants to be
characters from the tick they want to be
characters from Pokemon how original
and usually you disappointed I'm
disappointed because we already started
buying costume stuff for the other thing
yeah and and we had already locked them
into that and so you know the the the
the parenting question for us was do we
lie you know do we do we try to hold on
to this thing that we locked into and
have the kids you know quote-unquote
suffer through it or do we pivot teach
them that you know we can change our
mind last minute but they'll be much
happier on Halloween right we ended up
pivoting and so now I need to find a
Pokemon
to be lizard lizard' yeah I have a lot
of my tick costume left over which
involves a lot of blue obviously so I'm
thinking I might try to be Blastoise I'm
gonna see if I can make a cool big ass
turtle shell with cannons sure why not
but uh but I don't know so we'll see
there's a little disappointing just
because I was really excited to have the
family dressed up as the tick and you
know that's how it's fun we like to take
a lot and that would have been neat
seeing if people recognized that we were
the tick now I wanna take our over to
tick Jack should go as member berries I
don't know what that is
all right so what is this it's out on
the other side of the wall I guess it's
on the other side could be a Snorlax
sure I could go as speaking some kind of
language that I do not understand
Pokemon language ah
yeah I could go as the professor that
would be easy too but I think I want to
be a Pokemon that would make most sense
in within the theme yes right so does
back there some sort of beach people
know the tick a lot of people have fond
memories of the tick sure it'll be fine
it would have been awesome
oh okay there's a door in here that I
didn't notice well great
dad don't go is jinx people will think
here in blackface
exactly I'm gonna be a blast always just
one of those one of those parenting
moments where we had to make a decision
we didn't miss one of the boys wanted to
be a Pokemon the other one still wanted
to be a tech character that would have
been much harder that would have been a
much harder decision I bet you were one
the other way absolutely we would have
we would have said no yeah well because
then they would be three against one you
know here was here was a split even tie
do you do you need a theme
can't everybody just goes what they want
to go on they could but it's fun to go
as a theme so you're so you're a
thorough terian parents we're going as a
group we we all must chose the theme
we're not full authoritarian because we
did pivot but here here was here's my
argument for the theme wrench yeah you
good light you know you go as Ash
Ketchum from Pokemon like that's fine
everyone knows that right if you go as
Ash Ketchum with a group of Pokemon it
enhances the one outfit going as a group
theme enhances the individual outfit you
get just as much candy either way it's
not about the fucking candy I'm a grown
ass it's about it's about I like this
character yeah that is Who I am going
has exactly and I'm trying to make that
the best character so we're giving a
whole group of characters like like our
kid and let's say my siblings wondered
both want to be Pokemon when I'd be
roped into going as a fucking Pokemon or
would I be able to say no I can't stand
that shit well that's you and that's
when you're older and my kids are young
they are malleable and I want to fucking
go as goddamn family I want to be a
family and do stuff like a family
authoritarian rich it's the best set
fair rules and enforce them you know I'm
a grown-ass man I'm gonna I can buy my
own candy it's not about that it's about
dressing up and seeing people watching
people sake are you boy oh cool
all right cool stuff bud oh I will
embarrass Mike children absolutely
they're not quite old enough to be
embarrassed by me yet but I will
embarrass the fuck out of them oh there
you go I am quite sure that when they
are older I will thoroughly thoroughly
embarrass them we're not there yet
though my parents would have never been
caught dead in a costume oh man no I
think that's the fun part that's the fun
part then you know you go is that you go
as a theme and like I said that's right
like you know the the other last year
they wanted we uh we went with a
Superman theme and so you know Park was
Superman
Jackson was Lex Luthor Lisa was
Supergirl and I got to go as bizarro
Superman right which as a costume by
itself people might not have gotten
because it looks very similar to
Superman but because I was with a group
and they could see Superman and Lex
Luthor they got the costume because it
enhances it and whatever you say what
whatever you say Jack be with me rich no
okay oh yeah I know when when they're
teenagers and they bring you know
friends over I'm doing nothing but
playing the poopoo peepee song in the
background absolutely I think that's a
fantastic idea when they wholeheartedly
that is what I mean that's what I'm
gonna do when they're in trouble I'm
going I'm going to make their school
broadcast the poopoo peepee song and say
I'm their dad I'm their dad
I will thoroughly embarrass them as
punishment for their and sometimes just
because I feel like it I know it's true
all the cool people I can cosplay as our
villains well I could probably do a mean
one punch man but I feel like that's a
that's an easy one oh I thought you said
to obscure one punch man from most
people for most people yes usually
people are cosplaying at like comic
conventions so oh but not just like a
Halloween cosplays oh yeah yeah okay
yeah then it's fun then it's fine but I
feel like that's that's an it's a little
too easy for Halloween though I still
think I think it's a more popular what
do you call it anime so yeah Saitama
however you pronounce his real name is
is a popular character
you've heard ghost stories around this
one I am a ghost oh yeah I stuffed the
cloud costume somewhere I have at the
cloud costume anyway let's see here
renegade Kira says hey guys have you
seen the new season of black mirror on
Netflix gotta admit shut up and dance
really got to me especially the ending I
have not seen it I still haven't
finished the first run of black mirror
still you've been spotted
well great hmm I've got the goods I
blame the controller on that you can you
can switch we have we have the mouse and
keyboard just take it take a moment take
it take a moment and what I need more
buttons Jack I need more buttons we'll
get as we will get a controller let's
see here God likes rich you anywhen be
shamed by the lower-class to my son I
can be shamed by the lower-class what
does that mean who can be shamed by the
lower-class to my son heard nearly every
swear word on the day my dad wore a San
Francisco Giants hat to an Oakland
Raiders game it's not even the same
sport also go Niners I don't know
whatever I don't understand what that
means
none of those and I don't give a shit
about swears right so what yeah hey Jack
and rich says come axion 120 love the
show and everything you do what did you
think of the new Logan trailer and will
you please play Dark Souls 3 DLC at
least once thanks LOL smurf my dirk we
really liked the Logan trailer I'm
excited I mean pad for that's not a pan
that's a is NumLock on I just turn it
off okay they go we really like that we
talked about it a little bit maybe
before you got here it looks good I'm
possibly more excited about it than
riches mostly because I'm
of an x-men fan probably not gonna do
the Dark Souls 3d as DLC I wasn't a huge
fan of Dark Souls 3 it was fine I didn't
really get into it moving on moving or
moving the earring do you know what kind
of mouse you have we get asked all the
time about like our set Logitech's
something or other sorry there's so many
gaming mice but I don't and I don't know
if you can see this on camera and this
is what I tell people a lot is for couch
gaming which is you know what we do here
the number pad works great because it
gives you a bigger space to use your
mouse why do they make binding to the
keypad such a pain in the ass I don't
know there's no good reason for it the
stream started one hour and 14 minutes
ago that probably means we should take a
moment and stand up while Ritchie binds
his keys let's do that that's nothing
there's so much space in here so much
space to stand up I look go back here
walking around stand up and walk around
great great yeah great what do you think
of the Madea movies I've never seen a
Madea movie well no I've never seen one
either da movie it's a stupid question
great you're kind of new here why do you
stand up they say that it is good for
you if you stand up at least once an
hour if you're if you find yourself
sitting a lot like if you have an office
job a desk job they say that a sitting
for long periods of time can have a
negative effect on your body and so you
should stand up walk around move your
legs stretch it out at least once an
hour and and it does help it makes me
like if I go a full stream usually we
stream for 3-4 hours and if I go a full
stream without standing up I usually
feel like garbage afterwards
so it's vibrating but uh blood clots can
form in your legs if you sit for too
long that's true so it's just one of
those things where they say that it's
good for you and in general I agree and
I sit down a lot obviously you know I
play video games and edit for work so
I'm sitting down a lot of my day and I
find that standing up really really
helps and it helps for cutting up the
streams for YouTube later absolutely
just go to the point where you see
someone stand up and walk around what I
did what I know about Madea is that
apparently the new Madea movie which is
called boo beats
the new Jack Reacher movie the new Tom
Cruise movie and at the box office last
weekend this weekend it's Sunday so it's
still this weekend my care level is
dangerously low oh sorry
right
I mean it makes sense a holiday-themed
movie performed well during the holiday
season it's in so I don't quite I think
maybe the just the story is that it's a
Tom Cruise movie and I'm a DA movie did
better than a Tom Cruise movie I don't
know great our water is deaf if you like
media grade if you don't like video let
people like Madea I do I care well yeah
I don't think there's any reason to care
I think like I said I think the as far
as like the box office story is it's
just that Tom Cruise movie another
generic Tom Cruise movie oh my god and
it's like the third Jack Reacher right
yeah people don't care nobody talks
about Jack Reacher it's not a shock
right I do hear good things about Cobie
Smulders in that movie and I like that
Cobie Smulders she's a nice lady to look
at and I enjoy her I enjoy her very
limited appearance in the Marvel movies
that she's in so it's worked a lot
better framing I really need my mouse
with buttons sure we will get a mouse we
will get a nice Mouse that can live here
at the studio disable the light barrier
Kolbe smolders jax flames you know
well fuck she's not a bad-looking lady
oh god I don't have my mouse escape
button oh it's terrible it's terrible
jack it's terrible
I'm so sorry I'm so sorry rich uh
gobbledygook rich yeah yeah yeah that
last tip reference to cub snobs picking
on you two cubs snobs picking on you
it's less about me picking on me in
general is it more more just that that
side of town star typically is hard to
root for to me they're there they're the
they're the over dogs cub culture is
sickening to me goats and even though
they've been historic losers they're
always really like arrogant about their
team goats you know goats curls I all
about you shit fuck all of those people
let's say here I get shit from Raiders
fans all the time it's not which side of
the tracks you're on there are assholes
everywhere fine and that's true fine
happy ki rebinding that's and I think
that's but and that's just one of that's
one of those reasons that I never got
into like sports ball is it's just so
arbitrary I'm like I was born here so
this is the team I root for
and series this is too much to get your
stupid I need I need my mouse like
normally I know I normally have like run
and those kind of things bound and it's
all different because I don't have my
mouse so I'm just sticking with us a lot
easier to aim though okay so only if
only we had something better I don't
know jack if only if only there was a
better option
if only there was a better option
speaking of I'm currently looking I'm
currently looking for someone now and if
you know of anyone or if you are this
person I'm looking for someone who can
do technical drawings I'm looking to
prototype something for manufacturing
purposes and I need someone who can do
technical drawings or CAD drawings 3d
drawings if you are that person or if
you know some of someone who is this is
a paid gig and I'm looking for someone
email us prereq at red letter media
dot-com we need someone we need someone
who can do technical drawings or CAD
drawings for super seat you could be
part of super secret project Hornet
project Horeb it's a it's a super
classified super secret project Hornet I
am being absolutely serious technical
drawing or CAD knows how to do a 3d
rendering this is a paid gig I need
someone hashtag project Hornet
I'm not deal man email me some shit that
you've made so I know that you've made
shit email me prereq at red letter media
calm
we need someone who knows how to do this
shit
hashtag project Hornet it's it does
sound really important you know why
because there's a hashtag involved with
it that's how you know something's
important rich if you give it its own
hashtag can I shoot out oh so the email
address again is PR e re C which is pre
req at red letter media comm dot corn
dot know this is serious this business
rich and you just reference project
Hornet in the subject so I know so I
know what you're talking about reference
super secret hashtag project Hornet and
talk to me if you can do technical
drawings or 3d rendering CAD drawings
and stuff like that what video card did
I buy for my PC build I bought a gtx
1070 not a 1080 and it runs great ever
my PC has been performing flawlessly
superseded yes the beefcake has got it
project hatching
yeah I need someone who can do
technically technically I can draw
literally they suck like technical
drawings like this is something for
manufacturing purposes so we need
someone with it with a decent skill
level so what Lego part did you buy to
prop up your video god I didn't buy any
I just have a shit this is I've children
their Legos all over the place and it's
just a wedge Lego piece a 4x2 slope
yes Tiberius Kirk thank you that's
exactly what it is but the the 1070 has
been working great you know mostly I'm
playing overwatch but overwatch looks
fantastic so and runs smoothie Oh
water water water prereq emerge coming
out soon the project Hornet
anything you have like your experience
doesn't matter just or you know like how
long you've been doing it
send me your you know in film we call it
a real I don't know what you are your
portfolio if that I think that's what
artists call it send me your performance
send me stuff that you've made so I know
that you can make stuff I don't care how
long you've been doing it if you can
draw if you can make stuff we will work
with you
okay and now yes I see a lot of you are
asking for richer night to talk about
the Nintendo switch rich yeah it's
exactly what everyone thought it was
gonna be at least exactly what I thought
it was gonna be poor thing
no it's gonna come out no he's gonna buy
it Nintendo dying but they've got
billions of dollars in the kitty and
it's gonna be the same conversation we
had when the Wii U came out I don't know
I think I think I think this is the the
right direction this is the Nintendo
move the Nintendo's been moving in this
is the direction they've been moving in
or this is the death of their handheld
supremacy because cellphones are a thing
mobile gaming is a thing yeah but this
is them like taking mobile gaming to a
more more technical limit right it's
funnier mobile game than they've ever
had before it's if they can get this
mobile game to work then the rest of it
won't work in case you ever need my
assistance okay I am a handheld gamer I
enjoy handheld gaming so I am really
interested in it one of the things that
I did not like about my Vita was I hated
putting it in a bag you know like oh
here I'll put my Vita in my backpack and
take it wherever I'm going because the
screen was exposed and I didn't like
that I'd much prefer traveling with my
DS because it closes and I know my
screens are protected sure you can buy
extra cases and shit but I hate that so
obviously with the switch there is a
giant exposed screen that I'm sure will
be very difficult to replace and that
worries me as someone who is a mobile
gamer and also the tiny
baby sized controllers that people were
using in the little switch video seems
unrealistic to me unrealistic do you
think anyone is really going to use a
controller that is I don't think the
controller small just you get one on
each hand you can just hold your hands
closer
no no they had that little thing where
they were playing like Mario Kart and
each of them only had one of the little
controllers oh they had flipped sideways
and they were using it like a Wii mote
but it's only this it's only like 2
inches why that's fine if you can get a
second controller just normal one height
I so don't care look it's gonna come out
yeah there's gonna be a Mario Kart game
yep there's there's gonna be a 3d Zelda
that's gonna be the 3d Zelda they're
working on for the Riu only they're
gonna delay it and they're gonna put it
out on the new one of course and maybe a
smash maybe here's the other big news
that's what you get that's what you get
for your your $400 Nintendo investment
they they have already they have already
quelled that fire rich yeah yeah they
have put out a list of game publishers
that they are working with including
from software uh-huh for good for making
games for who have committed to making
games for this which I've heard that
I've heard this shit before deja fucking
vu deja fucking go yeah it's interesting
as someone who plays a lot of games and
often has to look this isn't a matter of
cheering me up I'm cynical about
Nintendo's new console and for good
games you're gonna get with no
third-party support and it was the only
every time they'd say yeah no we got the
third-party they're coming at that but
it's coming all right
any minute now yeah I got the third
patty it's gonna happen it's gonna
happen this time that's obviously that's
gonna be the real killer if they can't
get that third-party support they can't
they haven't been able to since this
Ness maybe they've learned maybe they've
what they've learned Jack shit because
their Nintendo and they're stubborn
Nintendo does what Nintendo always does
despite whatever common sense anyone
wants to bring up yeah as as someone who
often has to vie for TV time the idea of
being able to pick up a game that I was
playing on TV on a handheld is exciting
like any console what's gonna make or
break it is games absolutely absolutely
and I agree with that let me let me tell
you how often I pick up my wii u what is
it what is that what does the noon
intend to do that sounds super exciting
dealer I said well it's a handheld
okay and I'm not particularly fond of
handhelds right right I mean not not
above er you know they're not no better
or worse right I like the idea of
playing a game on the TV then picking it
up continuing that game like you gotta
take a dump so you bring up with the end
of the bathroom Wow sure one and then
you know go back to TV I don't know like
maybe I have to go here and I know I'm
gonna wait for a couple minutes and I
want to pick up this game for a couple
more minutes I like that idea I like you
know because I like handheld gaming yeah
you know what I it's almost bedtime but
I'm almost done with this level I maybe
I'll just take the take this up to bed
for a little bit yeah playing bad for
not bad right again it's great going on
uh going on a trip so I can take this
with me on my trip
hanging out a hanging out at the kids uh
piano lesson for an hour and a half all
right now take this with me I'm doing
worse and worse so so that's that's the
big thing for me is I really enjoy a
handheld game and like I love I love my
Vita there's just you know there wasn't
a there's still not a ton of games for
it so being Nintendo hopefully there's
there's some games for being Nintendo
there won't be a big console maybe maybe
maybe I have hope I've hope in my heart
you're foolish you're foolish man that's
true that is also true I have hope and
I'm foolish three our we don't know
anything about the battery life yet in
the past as far as their handhelds are
concerned Nintendo's been pretty solid
as far as battery life oh he doesn't see
you so I'd rather take four fantastic
games than twenty mediocre games
absolutely or you just you know game on
PC where there's 20 years worth of games
you could play pure but you're not a
mobile gamer I like taking a game with
me on the go
up there great the WiiU the tablet
battery is garbage garbage garbage
garbage
I like garbage garbage the tablet
battery is garbage but the pro
controller that battery life is fun I
wonder what the battery life is could it
be on the new Nintendo consoles probably
gonna be garbage what I thought is best
thing since sliced bread they can't do
wrong the switch is gonna be great and
everything's gonna be hunky-dory honky
fucking dari it's gonna be fine yeah
battery life on the DS is good oh well
that's not what I wanted but that's not
what you wanted to happen at all so
we'll see they're trying something and
that's fun wait they are trying
something I had a little tweet about it
and people incredibly misconstrued of
what I meant with my tweet the basics of
it was you know Sony and Microsoft are
currently making their like pro versions
of consoles they already have where
they're hoping to get like marginally
better benchmarks and here's Nintendo
making this very different thing yeah
and so I said you know like Sony and
Microsoft's are are training hard to
shave point zero two seconds off of
their time and Nintendo is playing in
the grass and I meant that as a positive
thing like Nintendo is playing because
remember the it's toys they're these are
games we play and I that I meant that as
a compliment to Nintendo they can't get
people to make games for the fuckin
thing it doesn't matter exactly I'm with
you they may games they make 5 every 10
years yep
yes the via whatever that's worth that
Sony and Microsoft's are chasing the FPS
dragon I absolutely agree now fuck off
oh that worked so who would thanks
Susan's period yes I like the new
background for the stream as well I
think this looks dope is there a reason
why other companies would refuse to make
games for it a low user base
significantly different enough hardware
they can't port it over from the Xbox of
ps4 which are widely established I think
that's the the bigger problem is is just
getting the game to work on different
hardware and Nintendo has historically
been not helpful with third parties
whereas you know Sony has their kind of
in-house team that helps look under he
looked very surprised to see you there
and I like that you know usually don't
expect the guy to teleport right
yeah the blue boys I got your tip we're
still talking about the switch stuff
we're talking about what we're gonna
talk about in fucking deal with it bitch
bitch-ass Punk I got even more
inappropriate so yeah it's the hardware
is difficult to make games for and
Nintendo is not very helpful with
developers porting stuff over oh fuck
two of them really it's quite possible
they will learn their lesson though
unlikely I'm very honest I write I
finished that sentence correctly it is
possible though unlikely that Nintendo
will learn their lesson
the big question I have is what this
means for the D S at the end the end
right that what we assume it means the
end for the D s we don't know and like
does that mean and in you know all the S
games are just gone forever you know in
the wind where do you go to send me
Mass Effect Andromeda you you take the
$60 yep and then you give it to like a
Children's Hospital or some gonna like
Cancer Research Society sure that would
be good and then that gives me Mass
Effect Andromeda
I would I would recommend let's see here
that's a good one how about how about
the Ronald McDonald House right I
McDonald children's that what do they do
they they provide its its hospital for
sure for long care patient Amanda sure
to them sure that sounds great the
Ronald McDonald Charities lot long-term
hospital care for children and their
families never see a bill that's a great
charity to give to
okay let's see here yeah there's a
switch open yep sorry Ken yep we just
talked about the switch a bunch blue
blaze says I can't afford or care to
make a new costume for this year so
which costume should I reuse tf2
engineer or Rick from Rick and Morty
yeah Rick and Riaan Rick and Morty tf2
is old news baby they go also I should
be sock from Pokemon okay TC bri brady
133 what do you think about donald
glover being Lando Calrissian yes sure
whatever did you want have you ever seen
Parks and Rec no do you know who Donald
never is oh wait no Danny Glover is
Donald Glover know is that his kid or
something no no it is not
no I do not know and you did not watch
Parks and Rec do you know who childish
gambino is no that sounds like a mobster
name that is that is Donald Glover
rapper name he's also a rapper he'd be
terrible I think it's I think it's very
fitting he will do a fine land he will
be a fine young land oh he was announced
as young Lando in the Han Solo origins
movie or whatever he's gonna be fine
oh sorry you're right community not
Parks and Rec I got my I got my this is
all very interesting do you know did you
watch community no okay he's in
community not Parks and Rec many
apologies to the die-hard community fans
and the die-hard Parks and Rec fans I
know there's all of you o unfitted in my
ignorance no I just talk I just talk and
sometimes I don't remember things so I
need another scroll thingy oh that's
right he was also in Derek Derek
comedy he got his start in YouTube
comedy in a YouTube County channel
people are very excited because he is a
he's a nerd he is an outspoken nerd and
he's a nerd in a nerd thing it was it's
very akin to like when Simon Pegg got in
the new Star Trek movie you know okay so
he's a well-known nerd and now he's in a
nerd thing and people are excited about
the nerd being in the nerd thing okay so
shut everyone up in here so he was
pretty good in the Martian - that's true
have you seen the Martian no okay like I
said I rented right but he's good like I
think he's funny and fuck off hopefully
he'll do a good job is a young lendo I'm
sure he'll be great they'll be great you
heard of here first rich says he'll be
great gobbledygook says does prereq
review any popular mobile specific games
no now it seems like you've already
inundated with more than enough PC
console reviews mobile VR switch yeah
you know I don't because I don't give a
shit about mobile games or apples to
riches oranges rich doesn't like mobile
games to be technically accurate I don't
give a shit about mobile games right
they go I like I'm I play them sometimes
it's like for a lot of them oh it's hard
to until I do reviews of because many
you know most of many mobile games are
meant to kind of be played for short
bursts over a long period of time so
it's hard to get a real grasp on them a
lot of them are free so like to me a
free game like who cares download it and
and check for yourself like I'd never
want to like spend time and make a video
and do it I like a review of the dualist
even though it's a game I really enjoy
because it's free so I could only
imagine that if anyone really wanted to
try do a list they would just download
it and try it because it's a free
fucking game you know right
what do you do while you're pooping read
the back of shampoo bottles I have
tablet in the bathroom and this is game
called two zero four eight okay yeah and
it's my new Tetris that's yeah that's a
good game
fine fine mobile game I either read or
or play that's you that's where I get
the majority of my Pokemon time in in
the bathroom
20:48 yeah it's fine miss fine game fine
game even familiar with it yeah that's
where you got to match the numbers right
yeah yeah I played it it's free played
it a little bit it's my jam it's Rich's
jams dude 20:48 ripped off threes I'd be
upset about that if I knew what Three's
was great
noted mobile game enthusiast rich Evan
endorses 2048 absolutely absolutely Oh
more trouble honest fighter worth that's
classic stealth yeah who can be bothered
they're saying Three's is better than
2048 if you act like you're interest all
right all right it's better rich it's
more better er nerds nerds what a bunch
of nerds we got a bunch of nerds for 4
viewers rich what are we gonna do about
that sneak you're gonna sneak cool cool
hey did you hear about Tim Miller and
Deadpool you've never you still haven't
seen dis lousy double Ted Miller woohoo
you know Tim Miller is no Tim Miller is
the man who directed Deadpool oh my god
first of all write in more nerd news Tim
Miller is no longer directing Deadpool -
okay over creative differences with Ryan
Reynolds really yes according to sources
it's an amicable split yeah and of
course he's still going to direct movies
for Fox because
he made a bajillion dollars with
Deadpool I wonder what the creative
difference was who knows well Ryan
Reynolds and Tim Miller right man
yeah but you know not only is Reynolds
the star but he's also the producer so
he's paying for the movie
yeah so obviously Ryan Reynolds gets to
make whatever the fucking call he wants
to make not only is he the face he's the
money limited uses on those so I don't
think I want to use that right you have
limited use I think am I wrong about
that I don't know in the same wagon I
don't see any kind of meat or like thing
so I'm suing I'm okay the beers Kirk is
saying Tim Miller wanted a more
stylistic Deadpool - and wanted an actor
for cable that Ryan Reynolds didn't want
hmm
yeah okay so apparently this cable
casting was it was a big deal what guys
are is getting rid of Tim Miller it's
you know that's got it that's such a
tough call because you know not only
well you know that was similar huge in
you know just directing the first movie
but it was also it was Tim Miller what
sorry I will get my thoughts together
Tim Miller was the one that
quote-unquote leaked the fight scene
footage yeah that got the internet all
in a hubbub about Deadpool in the first
place fuck so he played a big part in
the success of Deadpool
where are you
but it's the the the Deadpool has always
been Ryan Reynolds's baby and he gets to
treat that baby however he wants cuz
he's paying for it no Ryan run first of
all Ryan Reynolds has always had a Mego
so I doubt it
I doubt it has run amuck now sumbitch
but we'll see we'll see it it could be
that Deadpool 2 sucks major balls and we
will know exactly why
what
that's creepy do you get the Amber
Alerts on your phone no again
Milwaukee Wisconsin Amber Alert green
Kia Soul SUV let's see here license 666
x UK so if you're in Milwaukee obviously
you're here you're watching a stream now
666 s UK is this a joke no no there's no
joke
that sounds like a joke license plate
yeah yeah that does sound like a joke
license plate anyway that message just
popped up on my phone and I hadn't seen
one of those alerts in a while so I was
very timid not not su ke x UK 666 x UK
green kia still SUV
crazy people get crazy license plates
yep yep they do but I got it send it out
to you obviously like I'm not out and
about so I can't spot it but if you guys
are out and about in Milwaukee maybe you
can well because I fell off a ledge no
I'm sorry rich Vanel says zach is wack
thanks for recommending Vanquish so
often oh no problem
dropped it funny you bring that up weird
it's weird that you talk about Vanquish
tried it again recently much better
experience this time solid action game
pc port that's my amber alert rich just
got it that's creepy I guess we I mean
we are in Milwaukee this talks to you
that's weird
Wow yours talks to you I guess my
phone's on silent
so I don't know if it tried to talk to
me there you go don't you feel bad if
you hear about shit like that it does it
does but you know what I bet it helps
getting all those eyes out there you
know dime
that's fancy yeah oh yeah we're a solid
action getting PC port when I need those
60 frames per second plus rebind able
controls yes really yes we should get a
hashtag started for for bringing it back
hashtag hashtag vanquish we might them
yeah yeah I'm trying to remember what it
is so long ago
rich and I shot an episode today and we
may have brought up vanquished bring o
bring vanquish to PC goddammit hash tag
bring vanquish to PC goddammit that was
the hashtag and just this guy you know
says I'm guessing you're not watching
but are you guys

[Part II]
and just this guy you know says I'm
guessing you're not watching but are you
guys interested in Westworld I think I'm
waiting for the whole season to be
available I saw the first episode and
really liked it I just haven't gotten
around to know if enough people I don't
like it I'm gonna check it out when it's
done so I can binge watch it yeah
I much prefer binge watching shit
especially if it's like a serial
narrative yeah yep
HBO is still going still at for that
weekly like if I had if I had seen narco
season one before season 2 came out I'd
be upset oh yeah have you have said no
but I liked the first episode I will
watch the rest of it but you know it's
it's available so I'll just wait to
binge
it is crazy how Netflix impacted our
viewing habits I think even before
Netflix like do you remember the joy
that it was to get this the DVD boxset
yeah of shows when those became super
popular ice I would still rather have
that of court well to binge they were
talking about Netflix affecting us the
binge watching if I like if I like a
thing I'd want to own the thing yep I
remember getting getting arrested
development in the DVD box set and we
binge that all the goddamn time
and I don't I don't know what the I
don't know what the pros and cons are
what do you think the pros and cons are
for releasing your your content all at
once or or doling it out weekly
there's no con as far as I can tell well
I think the I think the pro to doling it
out weekly is is you create a need you
make that you make your audience come
back to you every week they get rolla
once what do you need them to come back
every week because it's about we're
still getting the ad for a review right
but it's about creating it's it's not
just about the ads for views it's about
creating a base that's why all of the
movies flop isn't it but because it's
all at once
I mean that's why nobody watched the
Avengers or Star Wars or oh I get it
you're being you're being a dick
but I I think I can only imagine that
one of the pros of doling it out
regularly is creating a fan base that
continues to come back month after month
whatever what I prefer
as a consumer I prefer the binge watch
yeah but I think I understand that their
reasoning behind the dull the slow dull
you know what sir you're dead you know
it mean you're dead now that's just the
way it is you're dead rich do you think
our egami is Japanese for inept guards
oh my joke is brought to you by electric
monk electric mug where you get a the
Joe Gibbs jokes evolved into the game
jokes joke of the month yeah my electric
bunk I know I need to go there I don't
see a way through this door that's
obvious
Sara Jane is saying how disappointed and
or annoyed would you be if you suddenly
received a Nintendo switch wink nudge I
mean I wouldn't be annoyed well and
here's thing I don't hate look I don't
hate the idea I just I just know
Nintendo you're gonna get four games out
of it maybe three to two you know if you
don't like everything they do maybe two
games you actually give a shit well cuz
I don't give you should've like smash
right they come out with a new smash I'm
gonna be like right if they come
yourself if a new Mario Cart that's
probably not gonna excite you too really
I mean I wouldn't hate it it's Mario
Kart for me personally not worth buying
a system and so you get a zeldo and loss
every other console you get a 3d Mario
right so I guess it's time for the next
3d Mario there was a 3d Mario in the
indie video so we can assume there's a
three okay okay
like also rich and I are in an
incredibly advantageous position where
for us buying a switch is is a business
expense so you know obviously like we'll
get one for the show but no it's the
amber light yeah it's the amber alert
game oh fuck
oh yeah yeah oh yeah bullshit they just
need to release stuff on mobile
platforms and offer some kind of
controller that works with phone Richard
I would I would love a controller that
works with phones more easily I saw I
saw this amazing thing and I got really
excited before I realized I couldn't use
it on my iPhone look I'm not saying I'm
more excited about phone games than I am
switch games I'm just saying trying to
become a successful product they're
competing with phones and a lot of
people don't mind right I saw this
wonderful controller for phones and
tanda tablets
you know iPads and such we're using
software you can actually tell the
tablet where to press and you know what
button it correlates with on the on the
controller yeah so if it's if it's a
game that wasn't designed for a
controller you could still use a
controller and just tell the controller
where to touch what and I thought that
was genius tell me where the controller
touched you tell me unfortunately it
does not work with with iPhones that are
not jailbroken so I'm a little
disappointed but that's a great idea
that's what we did we just need a
controller that works with the phone
nicely I was thinking about getting a
Wii U in a 3d so the 3d s is a solid
investment the Wii U I have I have
personally not touched my Wii U in
months I wasn't necessarily super
excited about in the first place but hey
you know Mario Kart smash and I'm sure
more games will come out for it I'm sure
sure it's basically right now the Wii U
is a as a Minecraft machine for my kids
that's it mm-hm and even even my kids
don't like it anymore because they watch
minecraft let's play videos oh you don't
care about actually playing Minecraft no
and then they get really annoyed because
they say hey I want to do that thing
that guy did in the let's play video and
I look it up and I say oh you can't that
was a mod you need to play that on PC
and they go well let's play it on PC
then which is true this is a
conversation about my children
so already my children are understanding
that PC gaming is better which is great
why I'm teaching them well I'm trying to
teach them well rich earthbound is what
made me bone yeah you can get are found
on the Wii U now that's true
but um I don't know I don't know I
switch I we're gonna get one because we
got it you know you got to do a thing on
it we'll do a thing on it but will it be
good who knows will it be a game changer
probably not but it is something
different and I think that that should
be applauded they're trying they're
trying something different
let's try something different
what's with the neon glowing cloak if
you pay attention to like when rich does
his ghost jump the cloak changes colors
and and that's the visualization of the
cooldown I believe yeah that's what the
neon glowing cloak is all about do I
know any card tricks no I'm sorry I do
not know any card tricks I never learned
magic in my clowning routines
the switch is a Pokemon delivery service
with minor side benefits like a handful
of other regurgitated franchises yeah
listen Nintendo and I hate the Pokemon
so it's not for me most likely it won't
be for me like Mario would mine another
Mario game would mothers only a that's
that's about it with Pokemon currently
with Pokemon Nintendo has a money
printing service so they they get to
take risks the the portable tablet
console and whatever hmm could be fun
here's what I will tell you playing
Pokemon Y which currently is the is the
newest Pokemon but there's another one
coming out I don't like it as much as
the older Pokemon they changed some
stuff up that that make me really know
that we're I'm not into it no for fuck's
sake
I want a Metroid that that isn't stupid
Nazzaro I agree I want another I want a
good Metroid I want a good Metroid
that's not stupid let's see here I've on
mage a switch is a stick used for
punishment so Jack I say step on a crack
break your Mario's back when a problem
comes along you must switch it PS pass
through DVD order now - now great that's
true that's right then that's very funny
I've on mage get to switch the Duke of
prunes you're incorrect Darren
Aronofsky's Black Swan is a great movie
I really enjoyed it
I've more more than any movie in recent
memory it has some of the most wonderful
and purposeful cinematography I've ever
seen you can pay attention the the
camera movements in Black Swan tell a
story of characterization and it's great
it's also a fun way of doing a retelling
of black one but I liked it and from a
cinematography standpoint it's just it's
just the bee's knees
look valuable lesson can't walk into the
thing and also lesbians you're right
also lesbians that's that's the other
important part of Black Swan how do I
turn off this torch this
good question that wasn't on before I
climbed up there I thought is there
press what is it left you have to go to
those things I don't know I don't know
what I need to do Jack probably do you
probably needs to go to those things but
which is better Iron Man 3 or Black Swan
they're both good for very different
reasons you horrible people well damn he
fell off the thing real McCobb I am
really looking forward to seeing Noah I
actually I saw there was a there was a
copy of Noah here at the studio and and
I asked Mike if I could borrow it like
oh oh I was actually really looking
forward to seeing Noah
so you know Darren Aronofsky weird
trippy by a biblical tale and I think
this is gonna be great
can I can I can I borrow this I promise
I'll get it back to in a couple days and
and Mike's like fuckin take it I don't
care I got that as a gift it's like well
fine so I'm looking forward to watching
Noah
I've heard it's weird as fuck which I
believe because it's darren aronofsky
movie so I'm looking forward to it Zak
is wack
speaking of controllers rich I now
understand why you don't like vibration
Vanquish while great had the controller
shake for 30% of the games yeah
even started to make me feel a little
loopy that's great okay so that turned
off the light over there for some reason
and that's fine
oh oh yeah The Wrestler like if you guys
for anyone who has not seen the wrestler
get on that shit the wrestler is
fantastic if you need it if you need a
reason to love darren aronofsky watch
the wrestler
and the blue blaze says have have you
played any of the Saints rows games no
you deal with it how do I neither right
that's a big franchise hmm
also before I go my mom America yes
that's her name said that nobody
pronounces thus nests as sn' s could you
please tell her that everyone does I've
heard a pronounced both SNES and smash
most mostly I hear snus snis yeah well
what the s nests the SNES you spell
let's spell out each letter we're gonna
sound out each other right Yesenia right
I've also heard it that way more often
than not I hear snez or just super
intellect I've heard you're a dumbass no
I'm agreeing with you rich I've still
heard you're a dumbass
ah let's see here base 9 Wario says here
is two dollars and 70 cents to celebrate
my 27th birthday tomorrow happy birthday
base 9 Mario you young prick you here
cheers to good health for everyone at
our LM and everyone in the prereq chat
today yes to health I've always said
SNES I only heard it called nests when I
started watching video game YouTube
channels snis the Supes
no one calls it the Supes I don't know
what honestly I don't know what way I do
it what I'm not thinking about it
useiess Ness I do that's why they
brought it up okay that's why they
brought it because useiess nests and and
he the blue blaze says his mom's had no
one pronounces its nests but apparently
I do you do so fuck off yeah what does
it matter
cheers Basin anyone where Mario yes to
health as I chug my 13th beer of evening
right I started this dream with an
energy drink now I have a beer to health
I need it it's a fine beer Oktoberfest
from revolution brewing very nice very
nice beer
the the Super Nintendo is that we've
called the Super Nintendo yes
yeah I got my foo burning candle the
super nests the foo Burnett the doopa
doopa doopa net what na zdrowie Jack
that I don't know what that means
rich is fine tonight he's being funny
how are you enjoying this so far that's
okay it's not a revolution in gaming
good but I don't hate it
high praise
you just get points for disappearing
their bodies which seems odd yeah I mean
you got the powerup to disappear their
bodies Jack it's fine it's absolutely
fine is it yeah yeah I gotta figure out
how I open this fucking door god damn it
you probably have to open up the other
glowy gold thing oh did you do that
already there's a second glow orb thing
right yeah go check out that noise over
there I got a Gamecube again a little
while back and have been playing a lot
lately I game Cuba had some great games
I'm trying to think of one that wasn't
made by an ax - oh they had Resident
Evil 4 that was that was one not made by
Nintendo that was a great game also a
beautiful Joe that was Gamecube right
yes dude GameCube ruled I had my purple
Gamecube it looks great Super Mario
Sunshine is highly underrated is it
underrated yeah hey I thought it was
rated perfectly and everyone loved it
because it's a great game no people hate
it
people hated it yeah fuck them Super
Mario Sunshine is great alright Metroid
Prime wanted to III I was thinking of
non Nintendo games that were great on
the Gamecube nope nope no see him
alertness wise what I can get away with
gotcha
you know what I I know everyone loves
eternal darkness I never played it did
you play eternal darkness like Goldeneye
but it's not Goldeneye I don't care it's
the shooter with a with analog stick
shooter yeah what was the other like
Beyond Good and Evil yeah that was like
a Zelda with like a reporter chick
instead of link oh I never played it
though okay I never played it either I
know that one
that one's one of those like beloved
Colts beloved uh best game no one played
Beyond Good and Evil prime wasn't
Nintendo it was retro studios oh okay
well then then prime counts prime is
great games
I loved Metroid Prime all three of them
even the third one with the weird Wii
mode shooting I'm down with that
that's not eternal darkness that's
perfect dark perfectly alright well then
I don't know which one eternal darkness
is so perfect dark we played that on
stream that is the the golden eye but
not Goldeneye okay eternal darkness is
not a shooter it's a crazy survival
horror oh then I doubly don't care okay
right great people know my taste so well
I'm down with the sickness at Wow
absolutely
those who think you guys are just not
too much into games or we don't like the
same games you like or there's a lot of
fucking games and it's hard to remember
them sometimes well you know I hate rich
it's fine it's fine
you could you confuse two games that
both have darkened I hate certain genres
so that means I'm not a gamer mmm-hmm
I've heard that about you buy those yeah
yeah you're not a real gamer all gamers
like survival horror you don't like
survival hard you're not a gamer not a
real game
hehehe Darkman dark I don't know why you
just said dark man question mark but
that's five documents a fine movie
should were you watch dark man you know
what I rewatched recently spider-man -
yeah Sam Raimi's great Sam Raimi's a
great director what the spider-man - I'm
gonna put this out here might be the
most comic book II movie ever made
yeah yeah it's slow it deals far more
with it's just not fun to tell me I'm
acquire spider-man it's far more with
like relationship drama than it does
actual plot tone-wise those movies feel
more like a DC movie than a Marvel film
I don't know where you get that from I
don't know where you get that from
that's crazy talk that's crazy talk rich
oh how it explodes
spider-man to top 10 all-time for me
it's like a lot of it
I feel hasn't aged particularly well and
it is weird because it's it's very goofy
and you know it's Sam Raimi so it's got
it has like slapstick humor in him and
comparing it to modern-day comic book
movies it's slightly dated but it's
still great and it's just the right
amount of cheesy and like I said it
deals with it like relationship dramas
and it leaves stuff open-ended almost as
if it was a monthly comic book and they
know like we're closing this this gap
but he were opening up a whole new gap
for next week's issue I'd rather he made
Evil Dead 4 instead of the smarter read
films that was one of the roadblocks
what the spider-man movies he was too
busy doing those oh those were fun I
don't blame them cuz I'm sure he made a
shit ton of money making those
spider-man films but that's that's the
reason we didn't get more ash until ash
vs. Evil Dead we cannot we got Macho Man
Randy Savage as bone saw and I'm okay
with that
switch Radek not really we do not meet
up with other youtubers that's a
community the community I'm sure they're
fine I I have like talked with other
youtubers before like on Twitter and
such I had a back and forth with Adam
from your movie sucks and every once in
a while I know Adam is is here in the
twitch chat and I've checked out his
twitch livestreams before just cuz I
like the stuff he does but no I've never
like like there's no we don't go to
meetups or anything
a bunch of potatoes youtubers all three
films are pretty much the exact same
movie well you know they're similar
totally I like him I like him
they've helped make comic book movies
just a viable thing in general your
movie sucks great yeah yeah I like I
like your movie sucks he has some fun
things to say about movies and I like
watching his videos when he says stuff
about movies Adam is wonderful also a
merc yep great great yeah I don't know I
don't know if like I've interacted with
anyone else
like who makes a youtube videos but I
watch a lot of YouTube videos so that
counts the one time I get Jack to ask
one of my questions and I spell a word
wrong I'm so sorry Switzer attic that's
what you get
you've got to be on point spelling lies
you know me I'm a stickler for spelling
correctly
Vsauce II I've seen Vsauce I don't watch
anymore
I don't know particular reason I don't
mind their videos but what's-his-face
the main guy yeah
Bob I must know he seems like such a
smug prick really yeah I don't know
that's even true just that's the vibe I
get sure watching those videos he's a
know-it-all smug prick oh yeah
and he loved for age three age three I
don't know what that is I'm sorry do you
know at age three sure I love it it's
great oh great what's your next question
there's a lot of people making YouTube
videos
I don't know days is I don't know I just
don't know
there's there's just a lot of good
content that's the that's the wonderful
thing about about right now there's just
a lot of content and a lot of it can be
very specific you know like I love like
computer file a lot of the stuff that
Brady does I'm not familiar with
computer a computer file I've watched
numberphile member to it and produced by
the same guy computer files just like
talking about like old how operating
system was working now you know how a
computer reads drives and like very like
simple old-school computer technology
it's really neat Brady Harrington lady
who does all the files who does the
numberphile and computer file
Brady something Brady
help help help chatting help chat help
chat Thank You Brady Haran oh great
they're all fuckin alerted to that shit
I wanted just him to get alerted me
that's not how it went down
Brady Haran he's good like I and I found
him he does a podcast with GCP gray who
is another youtuber who I really enjoy
Brady Haran does some good videos
i-i've never seen I don't know anything
about nostalgia critic but the the I've
seen a couple videos from I don't know
if they're associated with each other a
nostalgia chick she has her own YouTube
channel and she does like interesting
breakdowns of of movies and such and I
don't know if they are in this like if
they made videos together
but uh I think her name is nostalgic I
forget I don't know nostalgia critic I
mean I know of him but I don't know if
I've ever seen a video of it yeah so
they used to be associated but not emo
okay she I like her videos she yeah
falling out Hey
they had a nostalgia falling out how
durable comic book girl nineteen I don't
know if I've ever seen her I'm sorry
comic book girl adores you guys great I
like her I've seen her a couple of her
videos oh yeah yeah she's loving the
pink hair right chap can I got that that
punk look going on burglar bars eye
rocker it's all part of the nostalgia
expanded cinematic youtube averse nice
noise no she just she just put out a
really interesting video on like the
three act structure and why it's
important in movies and why it's so
prevalent in movies and I thought that
was a really interesting video
she has her own fuck bot oh great
there's a lot there's a lot of great
content out there I forgot to do what a
time what a time to be alive what a time
to be a consumer I'm not doing great I'm
not doing great jack yeah yeah I'm sorry
you're still on this how it's always
weird playing and talking them it is not
only is it weird it's difficult it's uh
it's difficult every frame a painting oh
yeah I've seen I've seen some every
frame a painting that's good
there's blue stuff I know I I like shut
up sit down
that's a boardgame review they make they
make videos about board games Matt Lee's
in general I enjoy his commentary I
don't often agree with him I don't
always agree with him he really likes no
man's sky so but I enjoy Matt leaves in
general
no wait I did it again I know I did it
again love shut yeah shut up and sit
downs great if you if you are a person
into board games and then oh I'm sorry
so I would probably agree with him 100%
maybe check out Matt Lee stuff he does
good work not close to throwing
something I've just been playing too
long and I'm a little fatigued think so
that's okay but I'll get past her soon
you can give it a try Jeff yeah I will
fail harder than you will yeah well
we're streaming from the same building
just a different room in the building
we've been moved and now we have a
different background as you can see we
are now we are now streaming from the
storage room because that's the kind of
priorities on previously recorded we
have to we have to move a bunch of boxes
out of the way
but you know it's fine hey have you guys
ever heard of rim world it's like Dwarf
Fortress but without the insane learning
curve rim world rich what he know about
rim world I know nothing about rim or
else we're in world though all right
great
so it's like a thing with a rim another
thing with the room that's that RIM
thing sure sure yeah yeah great I love
it great I love all the things you like
as if I don't you people want to eat me
alive it's true that's true
ah let's see your evil kumquats a Saints
Row 4 was the best superhero video game
I've played even though it wasn't
technically a superhero game the
controls make you feel like superhero
more than any anything with DC or marvel
license great right and game child UK
says after finding battle fronts a huge
disappointment and hardline looked
bland from the start I'm really enjoying
battlefield ones multiplayer on PC glad
the naysayers were wrong world war 1
made a good game oh I didn't even know
that was out I am I'm excited to try
that out
battlefield 1 yeah it's the the the
least interesting world war I don't
really care I got some food most
interesting thing about World War 1 was
the Christmas truce with equipment group
I was an unofficial truce Christmas game
ok and the soldiers should stop fighting
yeah
you have the yeah that both line is
actually intermingling oh it was kind of
yes and no they never soldiers didn't
want to go back eventually
like some of the generals think they
were they're actually like playing games
and whatnot like in the middle of lines
and I they wanted the people in charge
wanted the war back so I heard I heard
in some areas where they just weren't
going back to fighting like some of the
higher command just they just went out
in the field where they were playing and
just started shooting some of the enemy
soldiers to get the war back on is what
I have heard you guys you guys are
ruining my yes this is my war so the
Christmas truce is is highly interesting
to me oh no and you know I I like the I
think there's a I think there's a lot
more interesting visuals that could be
had in World War one
horses versus tanks fuck
horses versus tanks take win spoiler
well of course the tanks wind bless your
Indiana Jones but it's fun but it's fun
rich
what do we do to see how long we've been
streaming uptime how does that work
hold on exclamation point up time to
okay time to stand up everybody let's
stand up again recycle some cans I know
I can do better I'm just not
something long enough to figure that one
out
hello everybody hello everybody
oh pardon me yo sorry I'm back
everything's fine
I cannot stand up with you I cannot
stand up you are making me jealous I'm
very sorry but I did resulting to the
handi-capable Jeff sure is then you know
what like do a pull-up or something roll
around or blow into a tube and roll
around and get some wind in your face
you insensitive jerk I am
ah hello Joe kitty fiddles Rick says I
love how rich said World War one was the
least interesting of all the world wars
as if there were more than two give it
time give it time
yeah I'm still excited to check out
battlefield one it's it's gonna be tough
to pull me away from overwatch though
god I love overwatch thank you fuckin
good I've been uh I've been hardcore
maining Zarya recently and I think I
love her she she's a tough nut to crack
because uh her her big thing is she can
put shields around herself and teammates
but only for a very short amount of time
and the more those shields get Oh
bullshit that was bullshit rich those
absolute bullshit but check to you
leftover what I fucking love over
watching so the more those shields get
hit by enemy fire the stronger her gun
gets and so you're actually kind of
useless in battle until you take a
little damage
and so it's uh she's she's not like
she's not good for beginner players but
I am so into her recently
Zaria and it's that's kind of the fun of
overwatch is because it has so many
different characters you it's it's like
you learn a new game once you start
maining a new character
Zaria is BS no i love her and like and
her ultimate she creates like a black
hole vortex that sucks all the enemies
into the black hole and so you know if
you're talking to your team you know you
tell them like oh my black holes almost
ready and then they get ready and you
suck all the enemy team into a vortex
and then everybody fires on them and you
kill everyone and it's the greatest so
yeah when you can hit when you when you
hit the Zarya rhythm she's great but you
know you can't be too aggressive with
her you can't be at the front of the
lines you actually because you need a
buddy to put a shield on to take damage
so your weapon can get more powerful so
you have to hang back a little bit it's
it reinforcing teamwork is incredibly
important with Zarya Jack yeah I just
played gear Devore here's a war for I
know the way you play multiplayer is to
run around with a shotgun that's true
right that's true you you press with the
roll button Jesus Christ Jack you
probably aim what can I say rich I'm
kind of a noob so yeah I aim all the
time
I almost dunno rolling and I barely ever
use a shotgun you're doing it wrong
yes basically all of Gears of War 4 is
being Reaper imagine an entire team of
Reapers then you got Gears of War 4
multiplayer and role like a jackass I
did not enjoy the Gears of War 4
multiplayer and I didn't play much
because I didn't really enjoy it you
don't see all that blood nope
that could be anybody's blood rage he
doesn't know there's no body anonymous
is not enough Star Trek talk for the
night Star Trek is good so war there you
go we're done we did it we did the thing
the thing you wanted the thing he
demanded thing for the people rich has
already told his Star Trek convention
stories of favourite episodes we've been
through before but we can touch again a
little bit also foud mean gallo
which means fuck my cock much love from
brazil i'm trying to think of a new Star
Trek episode to talk about because you
know like there's a lot of fun ones I
really like the Darmok and Jalad episode
mostly because it's unique I'm trying to
think of another fun one to talk about
though we've talked constantly on how
Voyager ruined - the Borg as an enemy
either good Voyager episodes there are
maybe there's some ok ones I think good
good asking for a bit much who I can't
dissolve them else cuz they're in the
library the light
well you know that makes sense I like
that a world with rules rich it's a
world with rules was it was it Voyager
or was a TNG that had the the race of
hunters Voyager who wanted who like took
over Voyager and just tried to expand
the holodeck a holiday vis Voyager
that's that's a fun episode I like that
yeah well you know so like they they
took over the Voyager and they they just
they fell in love with the holodeck
because it was like a training room for
them for hunting yeah
and that episode alone wasn't the best
but I loved that race came back later in
the season and they tried to work out
some sort of deal with Voyager for their
holodeck technology in an effort for
them to wean themselves off of hunting
you know there was another episode was
there where they made the Holograms too
smart
they made the hologram sentient because
they wanted to hunt something smart and
so the hologram started killing off the
hunters oh is that they got Holograms
got their own sham one yeah did you
learn that Janeway violated the prime
directive by giving them that technology
in the first place for exactly the
reasons of what happened she's no Wars
Jen wait Janeway reaffirmed the prime
directive you know good work Janeway let
it go but you know what that's an
example of really fun world building in
Star Trek you know oh we like that oh oh
there you go rich nope you're on the
roof you figured no I haven't this is
doing me nothing Wow
can you get on the other of that roof no
no okay
Janeway is the fucking worst hmm whoa
whoa what happened anything glitch out
then came back though no star ha rules
that's always her reason her reasoning
was it's not my quadrant I got to get my
people home you still you that's why you
follow the fucking rules you always
follow the rules that's Star Trek's
thing
well that was those NextGen's things
Jesus Christ
always be following rules well fuck me
what this oh you figured it out yeah
wait a lot of shenanigans if I knew
about this oh yeah you figured it out
eventually all right anonymous says
speaking of Voyager I'm going through
season five and the episode curse
oblivion where the voids from the
demon's planet forgot their clones but
Janeway basically too stubborn to accept
it fail I don't necessarily remember
that episode yes jyggalag Janeway is bad
because the writers write her bad school
code Kate Mulgrew great actress yes but
the writers didn't know what kind of
character they wanted her to be and so
every writing it writer treated her a
little bit differently and so what you
have is a very uneven character Kate
Mulgrew is great and there are moments
where Janeway is fine but she's never
quite her own thing oh there's a dollop
they're rich there's a dollop they're
rich you call that a doll oh it looked
like a doll that's a piece of paper yeah
I thought it was a doll it's fine it
looked a bit like a doll
here I'll summize for you here it goes
do you need that paper to do go shit he
goes cool baby no jack
what even ghosts want it no I don't
believe either of us are interested in
titanfall - no I do hear that they've
included a story this time I still
remote a single-player mode
yeah that's not enough to necessarily
get me interested i overall III I think
we talked about this in the episode like
I liked the general idea of you know you
piloting a shit oh yeah you're right in
the middle now you know piloting a
big-ass robot and wreaking havoc I just
I didn't much care for the gameplay but
no no not looking forward to titanfall
t-t-to Tim yeah you note it and pull to
hit them Phil Deighton Phil to you they
got hoes at reboots they get other
reboots into two bits two bits four bits
game child you okay hey Jack let's fuck
god damn it go I'll take that it was
slot but you'll take it yeah let's talk
about Bucky's arm
you're right can tell you okay dear Lord
so it's no come to this I think that was
clearly a joke also rich there is a dr
for season pass announced Dead Rising
four Dead Rising form now I've lost all
interest in there taking out the timer
it seems like it's gonna be a dumber
game Oh or is that dead no okay
and they announced they made a dead a
Red Dead parody poster funny because Red
Dead is on track to be good Dead Rising
forward to be a failure
I never played the original Red Dead
Redemption it's great Jack you're
missing out I hear I hear great things
I've heard nothing but great things just
never got around to it one of those
games I never got around to thank you
for whoever got rid of that the SEC the
theistic law don't write stuff like that
is weird and think of space like a bunch
of like not emojis but like garbled e
Guk and I was trying I think I was
trying to be funny and it's just it's
just useless we're not obligated to read
anything and if we can't read it we
certainly won't just in a chat and
thankfully one of our fine mods deleted
the comments so we don't have to look at
it you can play it on PC via PS an owl
dead dead Red Dead Redemption dead bread
but soup doop doop doop
it's on the ps4 no they're saying word
on the PC via PS now explain that's just
what they said what does a PS now I
should know that PS now I believe is you
can remotely play your PlayStation games
via computer hold on oh it's not the
same I'm googling it right now for you I
want to be able to put the old consoles
in the the dustbin okay
ps4 PS now is the subscription service
that lets you stream a hundreds of ps3
games to your ps4 and Windows PC so that
actually that might be what you're
looking for rich should we check your
bank wishes on there let's explore the
catalogue
I like Battlestar Galactica I like the
new the new Battlestar Galactica uh-huh
why not
I enjoyed it I thought the ending was a
little weak but overall I really enjoyed
it
edward james olmos is the man everyone
knows that bank wish i didn't type
anything bang wish bank wish by download
what can you download vanquish on oh i'm
ps3 i don't know if you can play
vanquish on PS now but apparently yeah
if you want PS now offers you to stream
ps3 games to your pc that could be fun I
don't know
wait isn't Dean who's Dean Stockwell he
was L from quantum leap that's right he
was in in Battlestar Galactica that he
wasn't them I forgot there's a lot of
people that good Joe finds you good
you'll find Joe ends kind of man but of
time everything's fine
alright this time something I gotta find
a way to turn off that lantern
yeah oh it's like there's one yeah it's
probably on the other side gotta find
those blue probably gonna go back and
forth between the two sides it's way too
easy just to murder everyone but I
suppose I should challenge myself but
write whatever you have to pay an
additional $15 for P oh so PS now is $15
a month fuck all of this shit you're
talking about then what yeah
fifteen dollars a month to stream ps3
games to your PC alright I got my groove
back great that's great
what can't sometimes I just don't know
they you know chat gets into its own
conversation sometimes and I just can't
keep up yeah that's fine
now let's see he Rhine stir wine star
best Voyager episode is worst case
scenario
Tom discovers two Vox make Wis mutiny
scenario as it's much more realistic
than most Voyager episodes o makki sorry
Mikey Tom discovers two Vox McKee mutiny
scenario as it's much more realistic
than most Voyager episodes how about the
episode when neelix discovers that his
afterlife was bullshit and his beliefs
are wrong I don't know there is an
episode about that though yeah yeah he
has a near-death experience and he
doesn't see the happy forest the happy
the happy forest that everyone goes to
when they die he doesn't see any he sees
nothing because he's the he's dead for
like hours and and the doc brings him
back to life I
I apologize everyone I'm momentary
blanked on the McKee the rogue group and
it's spelled funny
make--the Sam Mikey Mikey Mikey Mikey
Mikey Mikey
dammit all right I don't know how to get
across wasn't the McKee abandoned by
episode 2 yeah oh yeah yeah that whole
that whole interesting tension was done
with by episode 2 or 3 never to be heard
from again the voyage is not about
interesting things
all right let's see I got a bit of bit
of the rich what the offs which says
please never change I know it must get
tiring coming up with new ways to tell
RPG fanboys to go fuck themselves comes
natural but it's the Lord's work and
those fucks deserve it
rich yes doing great thank you doing
great Sarah Chen so Jack did you end up
swiping the rest of that soju do I
remember what soju is that was remember
that mystery drink that you drank you
thought it was so no but it wasn't soda
oh there was only one more bottle of it
and yeah I took it home and drank it and
I liked it
mostly because I had already drank the
one and I was a little tipsy so I'm a
bitch son of a bitch soju P PS you're
doing great rich thank you that's right
soju that like it was like a grape fruit
juice soda beer well he fell in the
wrong spot well I'm not Emma said it's
funny that we're all starting to cut the
cord yet we'll end up paying the same if
not more for all the streaming service
we want in the end that's true anonymous
but we'll end up with the stuff that we
want there is the difference you know
you add up Hulu and Netflix and HBO go
and all that in the end up paying a lot
but it's more it's more aligned to what
we're actually watching instead of
ending up with a hundred cable channel
so that you don't watch we're
streamlining we're let it we're inviting
an open marketplace to entertainment
it's great it's great oh no there's more
than one in there
that won't do No yeah you know I I'm
canceling Hulu um I used to like it
because they had high quality reruns of
shows that I watch but since the CW app
came out I don't really use whom that
much anymore
CW apps the way to go I wish every
channel had a standalone app like that
with high quality streams sure they have
ads but who cares cuz you can watch the
shows whenever you want to and it's free
it's a free you know just free app you
fucks you fucks it's free you fucks it's
free and it's great everyone likes it
that or only me cuz i watch Supergirl
and flash and red green arrow not red
arrow that's not a thing Hulu has new
key now what
there you go tell me more about project
horny the project Hornets Hornets a
whole different thing that's a whole
different thing we're working on super
secret project Hornet explain explain
this all again just people come in and
out so what we're looking for if you're
new to the stream what I need right now
is someone who can either do technical
drawings or is proficient in CAD or
another 3d rendering software to make a
design or to help me with a design for
production I would like to produce a
product and I need either a technical
drawing or a 3d design if you are
proficient this is a paying gig I have
money to spend on this email me at
prereq at red letter media dot-com and
we can talk put in the subject line
project Hornet and include your
portfolio let me see the work you've
done oh I don't even notice the stuff
defensive techniques often oh cool is
this a paying position yes yes I will
pay you for your time we will discuss
rates via email as it might be
inappropriate to discuss rates while you
can't talk to me if you put project
horny in your subject line I might be
apt to delete it so Project Hornet if
you want to get into project horny that
is a whole different thing is this for
an important position no no this is a
paying gig I need someone who can do
decent technical drawing of a product
I'm hoping to mass-produce
five hundred dollars per hour plus
expenses you probably won't get that
much putting that out there
no MS paints is not good enough I'm
sorry
epic Jason have you said send me your
stuff if but it like I like I said I
can't use just random drawings I need
someone who can who can do some you know
possibly mock-ups products send me a
info we need we need someone it's gonna
be great
estimate on how long until Project
Hornet goes public that depends entirely
on how fast drawings can be made and a
whole bunch of other things super secret
project Hornet we will eventually talk
about I'm not pooh-poohing project horny
project horny that's that's just a
different business model that rich and I
aren't necessarily going after and I
think is is a frowned upon
with twitches terms and services so
organic industrial what are we talking
here
technological we're talking
technological
Jack trigger Tory says I will do it for
free but I can't draw and I don't work
you hired and you fired boom easy
I have a cousin he draws racecars but
he's only eight but he has a real talent
won't won't be helpful won't be helpful
also probably not helpful if you just
draw like monsters and shit oh this is a
very helpful skill you have here now can
you pay under the table unrelated
questions are you hiring illegal aliens
can we pay under the table obviously I
have to say no we can't this is being
recorded this is being recorded so
technically of course we cannot pay you
under the table we cannot pay you under
the table if you get my meaning
illegal aliens are perfect for a project
horny whole different projects frantic
horny the IRS is in the chat hey I don't
know who's in the chat I don't know
who's in the chat I don't know who will
refer to this video in what is that in
future legal battles but we will not pay
under the table where's the thing that
was up on the roof that was down there
it project horny that's all under the
table if you get my drift under under
tables skirts if I go down that hole am
I gonna miss out whatever I was over
there you can probably go back up the
hole I assume oh no pre-record stop
being audited oh okay because we have we
did and will not pay anybody under the
table exactly in all of us they know we
won't pay anyone under the table I keep
very tight records of all business
expenses and they're very important to
me for tax rate paid under the table you
can't get paid under the table
nope nope so I know we're like we're
joking but seriously no we will not pay
anyone under the table this wall you
will you'll be hired legitimately and
have to report any income on your taxes
as I will report the expenditure on my
tax forms so
so that person has to be the American no
of course you don't have to be an
American for the job you can I mean you
can be whoever you want to be I'm just I
have to report the expenditure so I
assume wherever you live
you have to report the income if you
don't that's great it's great on where
you live but nerd I know I have a nerd
I'm a nerd but you know I also have a
family so Wow like paying my taxes is
pretty important I don't know who
handles our alums finances these are my
finances and I handle them our alum
handles our alums finances let's see
here game child UK says I was optimistic
for the NX then they revealed to switch
and I'm sad can they just put a third
party friendly console without the dumb
gimmicks waiting to see more but so far
not dropping money on day one no they
can't they can't what they can't put on
our console without gimmicks okay
they're going up against Sony and
Microsoft who do more things than video
games and they have they have bases that
way they have resources to work with
that you know they're manufacturing
resources that Nintendo doesn't that's
true that's absolutely true it would
cost Nintendo a lot to sell a system
that was as powerful as the Xbox one and
the ps4 and and and hope it catches on
or they'll make up you know the losses
will be enough to make up for it with
the games yeah they're not going to do
that the the gimmick however that might
get people to buy a super-duper Wii U oh
I'm sorry the switch but I also think
think like they did the gimmick once
with the we had really really weren't
think about your history think about how
well the Wii sold
boom the gimmick can work and it can pay
off a big time
you can't but that's that's why my race
analogy was so important where it's like
Nintendo can't beat Sony and Microsoft
in a footrace they have to not race at
all and just do their own thing which is
what they're doing with the switch will
it work who knows
look how poorly the Wiis software sold
doesn't matter the console sold
incredible fucking my mom bought a Wii I
don't know if she ever played it she
bought one motion control was he all the
only thing people cared about was that
damn bowling game yeah they just wanted
a Wii bowling yeah I can Bowl from home
now it's great and they all balled one
game and then never touch to the Wii
again but that's okay
Nintendo didn't care they made money I
probably care in the sense that they
like to continually make more money from
these same people sure so they care now
we're going down here my 95 year old
grandmother has a Wii for fitness eggs
oh by the way another fucking gimmick
the balance board for fitness yeah that
went fucking gangbusters
slim mushy has about I have heard of the
game the movies we try to manage your
own movie studio I haven't given it much
thought and I haven't played it but yes
I've heard of it well damn this could
have gone better yep tired and says as I
recently rewatched Close Encounters of
the Third Kind fucking son of a bitch
that's what you get for watching that
Close Encounters of the Third Kind
fucking son of a bitch it's a great
movie let's see here it had been so long
since I had seen it and honestly the
whole thing felt like I was
rediscovering a JJ Abrams movie good
material for review yeah Close
Encounters is great Richard Dreyfuss
weird alien stuff good shit good shit
Close Encounters you know just like a
little a little bit of sci-fi weirdness
the mostly human drama stuff great Close
Encounters is great movie right Craig a
nation like that was just the right
timing where it sounded like rich really
hated Close Encounters of the Third Kind
it's fine Close Encounters just fine you
sort of a bitch I'm done so good and
then I triggered an alarm and heard yeah
it physically hurt mmm Ryan Starr says
in addition to Neelix's existential
existential crisis the episode where
Harry Kim ruins an entire societies
religion by coming back from the
afterlife oh yeah yeah keep on keepin on
gentlemen fuck cock etc that's great
that's great
oh that sounds great fits fiddles Berg
midnight special
have you seen midnight special no no I
did not die here it's like early
Spielberg meets carpenter oh I'm gonna
write that down
that sounds great that sounds great
midnight special do with my little thing
I got a note in my notebook right here
and I got a little one that says watch
oh she's still alive probably know he's
just glitching oh didn't you didn't you
disappear him yours
no cuz I'm in the middle of a action
sequence here where I buckled him
bundling and added it thank you
man oh good
that sounds great
rich how's the game so far uh getting
better yeah I know you were you were in
you were kind of mad earlier
yeah that's great I like Spielberg dead
or retired Abrams doesn't have a depth
of talent he's literally just aping
without understanding what Spielberg
does yeah Abe Abrams Abrams violates the
style of Spielberg but isn't really good
at emulating the emotional connection
that Spielberg is so good at it's quite
possible that JJ Abrams is not a human
and just sees the visuals and says this
is what humans look like Spielberg I
mean
I don't even know if I want to call him
the poor man Spielberg
he's the poor man's photocopy of
Spielberg anything about our son I hate
JJ Abrams that's not to be harsh on him
III don't think it's harsh to say he's
no Spielberg because you know Spielberg
Spielberg yeah I like a lot of what
Abrams does scroll I just I I think he
does a lot of it without the human side
of it yo man
hello human Jumeirah King hold on I will
I will check I'm sure I get them I I
will get all of your emails regarding
project to Hornet but if you would like
me to double check right now Mick yes
super secret project Hornet I see your
email right on top
I will check all of these tomorrow
morning
thank you everyone by the way I've hit a
bit of a dead end as my role of producer
on Project Hornet and this will be very
helpful as it turns out it's hard to
make something when you don't know how
to make it insane but true right right
do you need shadow to teleport yeah okay
Indiana Jones is boring stereotypical
stuff I don't know if Indiana Jones is
like best Spielberg Indiana Jones it's
great that's not best Spielberg as far
as I'm concerned who's my favorite just
Spielberg in general my favorite
Spielberg movie yeah yeah Indiana Jones
yeah you know you might not be the best
example of one of his films sure I don't
know but oh no you know like now that I
say it I like it's hard to come up with
like you know what my favorite is but
he's good that Spielberg
JJ Abrams is that his absolute worst
whenever he works with Damon Lindelof
Damon is literally a curse yeah
literally a curse literally that's what
they're saying and don't want to be on
the underside of that yeah that's for
you probably right
rustic people are listing off examples
of better Spielberg's and I will say
absolute favorite Spielberg Jurassic
Park
no you take Indiana Jones / Jurassic
Park yeah yeah you're crazy man it was
on the other side right it was on the
under said I would take I would take
Jurassic Park over Indiana Jones yeah hi
that's mean we are different people rich
with different tastes Jurassic Park is
one for me that wore off after like 1 or
2 views oh sorry
they're crazy man the way I feel about
it I'm sorry
you should 1 you should be sorry no
that's me to me oh yeah I'm not just not
for me a dress yeah that looks like I
dunno but yeah you're on the Ender see
the circles on the underbelly I don't
know if you came together well obviously
it kin yeah this is where you could use
a mouse
yep
oh no and and I say this as someone I
love the Indiana Jones movies all three
of them I love all three Indiana Jones
movies but Jurassic Park I'm not as
bitter about Crystal Skull as some I am
Jurassic Park is just one of my favorite
movies of all time and so it's it would
be hard
it's a dethrone that I'm not even saying
Jurassic Park hasn't aged well that's
not what I'm saying what I'm saying is
the thrill of it wore off right
twitchplayspokemon that's how Jay felt -
Jay also wanted to like Blade Runner but
did not so don't worry no I'm the same
boat here in the same boat yeah just me
kind of I kind of love Blade Runner
all right this is kind of bullshit do
you want to use the mouse's like just
for this area just to keep it up there
I'm not hurting carefully to get like I
see that left there's that little like
dangle that's hanging off and get here
and from here I can get nothing actually
that's over there what about that tree
Ford thing there you go
can you get on the truck now what if
they do that I would explain it there
you go you came Oh
only three more to go well fuck my
nutsack I'm also pretty stoked about
Blade Runner sequel but we'll see that's
not an actual thing that they're saying
they're saying people are oh yeah
Blade Runner sequel is happening it's
got the Gosling well I don't have enough
shadow I'm screwed
yes the last Indiana Jones movie did
have an alien in it it was weird
yeah you just killed me just kill me it
was a nice run
oh you Jared Leto is gonna be in the
blade well maybe Jared Leto will play a
an Android and and he'll die off quickly
I still I have not seen The Suicide
Squad I've heard he's terrible in it but
I think it's quite possible that the
only thing I've ever seen Jared Leto
actin is Fight Club in which he was fine
I don't know if I've ever seen Jared
Leto act
besides Fight Club well so three hours
18 minutes will give it like ten more
minutes and then we'll do a stand-up I
think that's what we've been doing well
how much longer do we want to play in
general yeah man all rich in like ten
more minutes we will we will have been
streaming for about yeah I'm getting
three and a half hours I'm getting close
to being done okay well yeah well then
else we'll still you know I'll stand up
now or we'll be if you're close to being
done I'll wait how about that Jared Leto
has no facial expression so maybe he can
be a glitchy Android whose facial
expressions aren't working then it'll be
great I never saw myself called life the
Joker and Suicide Squad is the episode
is the epitome of trihard yeah
mr. nobody requiem for a dream fight
club panic room okay that's why yes if
that's all of his movies I've only seen
Fight Club Requiem is on is on my list
of movies that I know I should watch but
I also know is very depressing and don't
necessarily feel like it you have to be
in the right mood to watch that epitome
epitome epitome what an epitome yep
you're right I'm sorry
that's where my brain is working that's
what you get
app it to me yep it to me it's spelled
epitome and I don't care what you say I
read fast it's all fine it's all fine
anonymous says I loved twister as a kid
and recently re-watched it to my
surprise the protagonist played by Bill
Paxton is a massive asshole and it
completely killed the movie have you
ever had a similar experience I have not
had this similar I didn't like it
characters but not side up daddies where
my brain oh yeah yeah yeah yeah oh you
didn't like it did you ever have a movie
that you liked and Yuri watched it and
as it turns out like with just one
character ruined it for you no I'm sorry
I've never had that specific experience
for the film well there you go Marv
Makarov 92 our video games a more sequel
friendly medium because of their
gameplay focus with some games with
minimal changes yeah they are the
inherit litter of nature of games what
would them a leg up over movies what
would them a leg up or give them a leg
up over movies yeah because the story
isn't why I need a leg up over movies
why are they competing well they
are competing they're competing for your
entertainment time that's just a thing
but yeah because the focus on most games
is on the gameplay they don't
necessarily need to worry about story as
much and in general a sequel to a game
will have similar gameplay and that's
what people really care about
so sequels are easier to do damn you
what's going on this guy's a jerk look
the cardi meister yes yes it was what's
your favorite modern Spielberg film
Minority Report is the only one that is
consistently strong my reports pretty
good one is modern Spielberg start Oh
Minority Report after I don't know that
I have a favorite modern Spielberg film
it's hard to even name a modern
Spielberg film I haven't seen Minority
Report you haven't no no you should
oh I know you don't like Tom Cruise no
no that I think about that you should
fun hey the whole life is nothing but
other people tell me what I need to
watch and play yeah that's my life has
devolved into I'm sorry that is that's
true and I'm adding to that and that's
part of my that's something I need to
work on you know
that's something I need to work on but
hey I think fun war of the worlds'
warhorse AI sure Japan anything modern
Spielberg is post Jurassic Park ooh
Saving Private Ryan that's in there
that's a good one all right and Saving
Private Ryan
Lincoln catch me if you can same Private
Ryan
that's a good one that's a good one yeah
I didn't much care for War of the Worlds
did you see his War of the Worlds no
okay really did not care for that AI is
one of those kind of like is one of
those movies that you call like
interesting yeah yeah I'm okay with it I
would I was more okay with it on a
second watching than it was on my first
watching cuz you know that one
notoriously started with with Seth is
that the movie where Spielberg said I'm
done with little boys no no no no that's
the movie that um oh my god no no
Kubrick that's the movie that Kubrick
started in Spielberg finished oh I could
not for the life of me remember his name
and I'm so sorry everyone and and you
can clearly see where Spielberg takes
over nai-nai and in that way it's really
fascinating just pinpoint the moment in
which Spielberg takes over well then
shoot it chronologically no they of
course they didn't you two
chronologically but you know like a
director does a lot more than just shoot
the movie they you know they focus the
whole thing and you can definitely see
where Kubrick's influences were and
where Spielberg's influences were and
it's really fascinating so AI is worth I
want to just you know just as a as doing
a film paper what happens when two
directors with vastly different styles
collaborate on a project
nope damn dumb and uh oh yeah well we're
trying I'm talking great any thoughts of
the Prometheus sequel none alien cotton
covenant personally stoked also any
excitement for war of the Planet of the
Apes nope
also let it was Paul Allen an American
Psycho he dies you know what I have not
seen any of the new Planet of the Apes
movies the Tim Burton one well I saw the
Tim Burton one and I didn't see any of
the new new ones you know the new Planet
of the Apes Cinematic Universe
yeah that's out there Oh does that not
that's not in with the Tim Burton one
that is not in with a Tim Burton one no
so so no I'm not excited for it because
I haven't seen any of them our dramatic
a rich likes this game it's fine yep
it's not the best thing ever but it's
fine it's growing on ya you said earlier
no no there seems to be a fresh first
good this Dennis that guy is gonna be
the fucking death of me the old ones are
fun and campy I heard I hear that you
know you watch the new ones for Caesar
and the motion capture technology and I
like James Franco in general and I know
he's in the new one like the original
has that perfect Rod Serling twist yeah
I mean yeah written by Rod Serling oh is
it
yeah oh I think you wrote the original
book but I'm thinking he brought the
screenplay oh well I don't think they
have that twist in the original blog I
don't know get your hands off of me you
damn dirty Apes you blew it up didn't
you you blew it up oh that's right
Spielberg did Tintin
did you see the Tintin movie yeah I have
not wait did I
I think animated movie I think I did was
this fun this one didn't it movies fun
not the greatest thing ever but fun Rhys
was good Don was better I'm going to
reserve judgment before I see war
so there's Rise of the Planet of the
Apes dawn of the Planet of the Apes and
now there's going to be war of the
Planet of the Apes
Tintin is a better Indiana Jones movie
than Crystal Skull you're absolutely
right
King fossil ear whoa what are you
bitching yeah I glitch oh I'm so sorry
but ya know Tintin is a fun adventure
movie if you like if you like Indiana
Jones watch Tintin it's fun and it's got
a little dog and a drunk it's great
Tintin only came first by half a century
yeah
based off of the the comics the famed
comics teen teen whatever didn't in
Tintin can suck my cock didn't in I
believe he fancies the ladies so I think
he would have a problem with that but I
don't know is it's a comic book it's a
comic book
brunch of the Planet of the Apes yeah
just haven't seen any of them just
haven't seen any of them all right so
he's got to die first um all right I get
it now the other one yeah oh is that
your problem
no it's Intan was a Nazi hunter Tintin's
British he fought the Nazis goddammit
his I have a collection of his early
comic books and you know it suffer you
know because it's such an old comic here
it has kind of that old-school racism
whatever which is fine so but no he was
not a Nazi you fought the Nazis
freelance I do remember that yes
how many more comic-book movies do you
guys have to review before Mike's to
kalasa
takes a long dive into a shallow pool 10
10 10 more there you go 10 more
mm nothing nothing over here nothing
over here no no everyone everyone keeps
and I see that every once in a while in
like a half in the bag up so just Mike
and Jason like like kind of comic book
fatigue is you know comic book movie
fatigue is finally starting to set in
which is of course what everybody has
been saying for the past eight years and
it might be who knows when it really
sets in it won't be comic for comic book
fatigue it'll just be done you know
that's what that's what we're all
waiting for is just for it to be done
rich so many killing kill them all once
had to come off and see like for me I
don't care cuz I like comic book movies
so I say hey keep them coming
keep em coming I like it out it will
start it will start eventually because
we're starting comic book movies are
starting to now are still never happen
it will it will comic book movies are
starting to run into the same problems
that comic books have and then at the
same solution reboot exactly and that's
where the fatigue starts that's why
people stopped reading comic books is
because you fall in love with a
character you fall in love with an
artist you fall in love with a writer
and then a new writer takes over and
it's not so good but you keep on going
but then a new hardest takes over and
it's not so good and then they reboot
the character and you just say fuck it
so we're starting to get to that point
in the movies where we're getting
multiple timelines we're getting
multiple different versions of the same
character happening at the same time you
know just thinking about the the shit
all right most people over here that I
didn't know about and I'm dead and oh my
god I think the stream just ended oh
geez there you go yeah whatever telling
it though but I'm done for now
B maybe this is exactly what I'm talking
about like right now we have an entire
DC Universe that's on television that is
running parallel to a movie DC Universe
that have the exact same characters in
it so we have two flashes we have two
supermen it's that's what's going to
start to fatigue people we have flash
rebooting his universe constantly we
have once we have like new writers and
directors taking over franchises that we
loved it's going to start to fatigue now
it's not there yet but that's where it
will start oh say Jack well see well see
my my guess is uh
for years we'll see we'll see I don't
know great
so rates final verdict is quality
origami it's quality quality they go
they go weighed the same actor isn't
playing flash no flash is no different
character well the same character but
different actors in the movie different
universes TV show yeah there's a TV
flash and there's a man I know this well
I'm just I'm setting it up for them and
there are two different actors and
that's weird
and they're both but they're both
playing Barry Allen and they're both
playing a quirky goofy Barry Allen
they're acting very similarly but it's
completely different universe did they
talk about the switch no we did not
never at all what's the switch what are
you talking about it's on my t-shirt
Superman Batman yep
Superman Batman what a thing oh my god
no I got a thing here
great this is the point in this dream in
which we thank all of the people who
have subscribed to us during the stream
much like Mekons nick who subscribed to
us for 16 months in a row baggy
17:34 Donnie Durden red apples Knights
mochi b85 for 28 fucking months in a row
and mokey says he a 28 months giving you
hack frauds $5 USD 650 in Australian
money and all I get is the word fucking
and you read this lousy message but I
love you deeply lol I don't know sex
words I like that thank you monkey Zach
oh that goal says what am I paying you
hacked frauds for enter
taemi you fucks D this is D at the end
of that just indeed evil crash 9 Luke
look Luke 72w Luke 72w says sexy is as
packer does hmm Dostoyevsky this time
it's lupus 12 fucking oh not fucking
just 12 months in a row whoa 12 chased
non fucking months in a row this time
stupid says a whole year and it's been
disappointingly free of drunk jack it's
up with that drunk jack is best jag once
again there there is a best of the worst
on the way in there's the best authority
on the way in which apparently Jay has
told me I get exponentially more tilty
throughout the entire episode so heads
up watch it in boxes for the next best
of the list coffee for mana whimsy da
arc matter no I get it
dark dark matter 15 months in a row the
arc matter says I feel special today
Decker 28 for months in a row bill like
I says 28 months later I still haven't
learned anything from this stream and
for that I am grateful we tried we tried
to lack knowledge every week is Joe Joe
Flacco Joe Flacco elite is Joe Flacco
elite no no Joe Flacco was not aleppo
joyful sad joyful sad says go white sox
Terkel sad said something else
john be eight twenty four twenty two
fucking months in a row and john be
eight twenty says hey ho what do you
know
i've subbed twenty two months in a row
hey ho
what do you know I've slept 22 months in
a row
mr. glad 23 fucking months in a row
mr. glitch says according to movie
trends that should raise our viewership
which boo like Madea the the Madea movie
is called pool hall bang possibly not a
good one
not shockingly I completely forgot
everything we talked about regarding
Madea pardon me xeno trove for 27
fucking months in a row take a brash
deck of brushes glad to be here for a
whole second month or Oh dr. Gunter who
to hanker you can't put me on the spot
like this I'll just freeze base 9 Wario
two months muhfuckas two months
muhfuckas several months my fuckers I've
been fighting for two months t my fuckin
daddy bone savvy bone v when they are
gonna play Wow and three I have a few
hundred for us join I have a few hundred
of us join you and have a few hundred of
us doing them never that's what happens
yeah that sounds pretty accurate crack
an egg 20 fucking months in a row graça
dick says thanks for wasting my life
here's to 20 more months yay
cabbage monger manga sorry cabbage
Mongol ER doctor scientist 18 months in
room dr. sinuses go sports use the ball
to win that game
a relentless 42 polar 80 fix polarity FX
is probably what they mean though
Eugene pota Eugene poetess says thanks
for all the great shows mr. great mister
grip says jhg fhj phantom image
heliosphere 1969 fleshy patch for 25
fucking months in a row and fleshy patch
says hey Chicago what do you say the
White Sox are a pretty good team not
this year but in general yeah yeah she
passed that seems like a weird message
to say who are they playing in the World
Series who the coach yeah I don't know I
don't even know why I always said the
White Sox as I know you I know Mike
that's the joke but I'm gonna find out
who they're actually playing in the
World Series and then every message like
that you're gonna that's oh yeah that's
horrible no no that's what I'm gonna do
so if you don't like it don't somebody
fuckin Cubs messages you pricks
emergency sigh octopus I think it's just
the emergency octopus emergency octopus
say that also works worked better the
Cleveland Indians Cleveland in do really
oh you know Cleveland isn't wondering
well I'm not one for Cleveland there you
go by the way I really like the idea of
having an emergency octopus break glass
in case of octopus emergency mutant
chaos kreyòl 42:22 fucking months in a
row Casey Banner live says oh my god
it's my two-month anniversary I can't
even fucking read that thank you for
subscribing next time you know what some
advice
whoa skipped by bad fucking vowels good
lineage if the seemingly random
configuration of letters squatting Tiger
Ryan from Michigan mi but I assume
that's Michigan time was odd seventh or
PC veggie 64 says happy birthday Roger
and no one else because Jack just read
the last one thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it
it's true
