Sep 11, 2016
Pokemon Uranium
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/93142788
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/93146538
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CN2wVarsnk0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YuGgtdqdobI
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/775022355664007168

[Part I]
by the way my a lot of times my tweets
are jokes my tweet today when I was
talking about what time we were gonna
start him what not like I knew we're
gonna start around 6:30 I was hoping we
would yeah
and so my my joke was you know we're
we're streaming today we're gonna start
around 6:30 Jack wants to play pokemon
rich wants to play literally anything
but pokemon as it turns out rich had
really no strong feelings about what to
play and there's this weird Pokemon game
that I want to play so this is the
Pokemon uranium which is a fan-made
we're getting on you poke poke see mine
we're getting audio okay that's who
Tiberius Kirk is not getting audio oh
yeah what do you what do you guys think
can you guys hear us you should be the
overlay is on vacation tonight we were
you working on a different we're working
from a different hard drive right now
yeah and we forgot to bring things over
and so do you have audio okay great
great
welcome welcome let's let's play some
pokemons welcome to the world of Pokemon
rich okay
my name is bambo but but if you found
that hard to pronounce you can just call
me the Pokemon professor you're the kid
who's applying for a party we're gonna
study the effects of beer pong on
Pokemon oh yeah Pokemon drinking games
yeah
hold on some of our things here are in
weird places and you oh man everything's
Avars in is in weird places things
things are gonna be strange hold on
sorry
well how's it all got there okay
now things are in less weird places all
right back to back to hey back to our
main man professor bambo wants the
lowdown on what you'll be doing
catch your Pokemon I guess cattle Elite
5 says I know I don't need any info what
is wrong with RAM go RAM go RAM go let's
Ram go I don't know he said Ram go
though ok a little too loud for me we
human share the world of creatures known
as Pokemon look at this one it's a cat
but it's got wings
what's more than mere animals a quack it
wouldn't surprise me if that Pokemon
same was a quack Pokemon possess
astonishing power and remarkable
intelligence people in Pokemon coexist
for minute where's some Pokemon are kept
as pets brah others help us work dude
and still others are used to battle by
trainers it gets wicked sick
but there's so much we still don't know
about the pokemons dude that's why it's
my job bro
I study Pokemon like for a living and
stuff specifically I'm an expert on
Pokemon elements dude
and then bro every Pokemon they have
their element bro dude and each type
brah has its own strengths and weakness
bro but dude why do they exist this is a
question that you need to ask bro and
dude to your to your duties are they the
new types we haven't discovered yet
ah but I'll tell you to meet your
friends for you have to report to my lab
tomorrow okay dude I'm done with this
conversation I don't want to talk to you
anymore
dude brah who do want to be rich I know
jack is totally gonna be the one on the
far right cuz I know jack uh I was
looking at this one I do like being the
girl I like me in the girl girls this is
not a girl that's totally a girl that is
some that is a boy that's not it's not I
believe they're girls this is this is a
boy right here do so do we want to be
the dude bro boy do want to be the dude
bro girl or do we want to be you know
what I actually don't I think you got me
pegged wrong I would go for this one
alright alright so who do you who do you
think did or gabbro I don't give a damn
which one you want to catch pokemon with
dude Brad what makes you think this is
something I would possibly care about
I'll be gal bro are you sure yeah Cal
bro let me know your name it's gal bro
what's your name it's it's gay bro I'm
kevrah hey your name is gay bro yeah
dude yeah dude I'm kevrah
together with your Pokemon like listen
man just come to my house I don't want
to die
woo 10 years ago what Oh 10 years ago
calbro's family lived in Bal Beach City
the largest city in tandoor
who the fuck some kind of midget its
look at but look he's got like an eye
thing
it's some kind of their father the
midget Kellen was a brave in town to
Pokemon Ranger the brave encountered
ninja Khalid their mother
Lucia was a brilliant scientist and an
expert on nuclear energy hopefully she
was a midget
although Oh although they both work
demanding jobs they always found time to
spend at home with young gabbro and
tanto regent was at peace and Lucille's
company was working on a form of clean
energy that would change the world
forever and all the dudes and other bros
they loved it
the future was amazing bro it was an
ordinary day as a nuclear power plant
when Lucille worked as part of a routine
inspection
they brought a specialist in a
specialist to take a look at the
electrical system but dude you won't
believe what happens next bro Cameron oh
sorry Cameron have you finished your
diagnostic I feel like everyone is a
Southern California let's have everyone
in this game is
yes I have and everything seems to be
like working perfectly everything seems
to be working like perfectly it's
generating we decide it's like you know
it's like really like does job really
like well that's excellent I'm so happy
to be working with you I feel like I
feel like we're great partners if
everyone has finished their work let's
cook let's go get some fucking avocados
this is this is this is an unusual
amount of story for Pokemon yeah usually
we're moving around by now right so uh a
buzz might want to take a look at this
it strange the temperature readings are
higher than normal you we need to reset
their mama did it or the reactors
leaking a massive amount of heat whoa it
can't be like thermometer I just checked
that ah so there must be like a breach
in the reactor this temperature just a
few minutes like like like we all have
like a total meltdown thingy whoa maybe
we just need to relax a little bit I can
bring in my yoga instructor maybe we
should like sleeves okay
like that I guess we were leave it for
lunch anyway so that kind of makes sense
let's just maybe leave it a little
faster than we normally would that
she'll
you've got like leave tubes I don't have
any money for lunch oh sure I think I
left my wallet over here uh Sheila I
can't afford the burgers what I'm sorry
the behind Apple and Canadian bacon
pizzas that skank crap we with Karen's
help all of the scientists were able to
escape unscathed
except for your mom
she we've totally never seen again after
that day but you all know this cuz like
she's your mom you never saw her the
radiation leaking from the broken
reactor made surrounding area
uninhabitable for like a super long time
and we couldn't search for her even I
mean we tried a little bit I guess or
whatever you know after the loss of his
wife a profound it had a profound effect
on Kalin
he even wore this weird monocle thing
it's called a Google glass and he swore
it was really cool even though we all
told him it totally wasn't it's totally
like Explorer yeah but we can't tell him
like that looks super lame and we don't
want you pointing your Google glass at
us he didn't listen
he changed man he became cold and
dedicated to the job in time he got
promoted to chief for the tandoor
pokemon rangers however he became too
busy to care for his child which you
know in the universe of the pokemons
it's pretty cool anyway because when
your child turns eight
they're allowed to explore the country
without adult supervision anyway so
really it's kind of a win-win for him so
young gal bro was sent to live with
their elderly auntie in mochi town all
right ten years have uh pants pants ten
years pants ten years but pants
gotcha shit I think I think the auntie's
gonna die soon look at auntie's health
waned supporting a child was too much
work for her
fortunately Ernest bampo the local
Pokemon professor was looking for a
research assistant two kids from okie
town applied gal bro and their childhood
friend Theo
he likes pudding and his mom Camille was
a principal at Atia look all this
exposition Zhang it's like super cool
but can't we just get on with the leg
store with the kiddie game I said at
this point I would sure like the cat
- Pokemon she liked to catch poke men
yeah man fun and so gal bros journey
began great oh my god I'm just totally
unprepared for voices today I think
that's it I can't imagine there's gonna
be too many more voices alright so here
we are
it's a Nintendo Wii U but I hear they're
coming out with a new system soon and
every Pokemon handheld game the
character always has the current
Nintendo system right here that's a
that's a Pokemon thing I'm surprised
this wasn't like a PC yeah I think you
know whatever it's a map of West and ur
classic Jiminy Cricket prick bastard
says my my AI is now and it's two
hundred and seventy ninth epic of
training its output loss has shrunk by
over 92 percent but when and only when
my GPU is training there's a word noise
every three seconds and it's not the
fans Ridge I don't fucking know what
about you think I make AI my computer
what are you doing mine doesn't make a
weird noise every three seconds I can't
help you no one can help you like what
kind of weird noise like a whining noise
like a grating noise like a machine gun
I'm sorry I got I'd like now I'd like to
help but I have no idea what's making
your noise adipose Vaughn Cromwell says
Jack I have to thank you for the retweet
honestly I was only concerned about
stepping on your content Oh
oppose Vaughn crap well adipose Vaughn
Cromwell cut up
of our one of our police quests elf
dreams and you know made it made it fun
it's like one of those cut-up things and
oh no we love those I love those I think
they're great when you guys do that I
added it I added it to my to my twitch
highlight playlists I'm previously
recorded Zee YouTube I love those I
think those are great I encourage
everyone to do those anonymous says hey
Jack I got a rare candy what I think I
know exactly why our Lim was called
right-wing and half in the bag episode
106 and 128 rich said that the Iranian
nuclear treaty was a fucking disaster
you all knew it but you did it anyway
did you say probably ha ha ha jokes or
whatever I don't you just say things
that's fine you're gonna be funny right
I don't lordy Lordy Jiminy Cricket prick
bastard said Catholic Bibles have extra
books a asterisk asterisk asterisk goes
on a road trip with an angel in disguise
Cyrus the Great has a pet dragon that
explodes from eating poisoned cakes etc
it's glorious wonderful schlock okay
maybe one is extra stuff in Catholic
Bibles apparently yeah weird so even
though technically I was a Catholic
growing up I have no idea about any of
this you are not a good Catholic no
typically Catholics who think that the
whole thing is bullshit or it's terrible
Catholics typically
the only thing I ever got out of church
was what time is it
oh yeah still going on um Jesus Christ
how many times am I gonna have to fuckin
kneel there was that's the Catholics are
all about kneeling kneel you stand you
said you're saying yeah yeah there's a
whole thing at least just let me sit
there fucking get up every now and then
no didn't you nod off you know they
can't have you nodding off rich load of
crap
shadow elite five says no this is a
question that always bothered me what do
you get if you win all badges and become
the Polka master what comes after that
does anyone in pokemons world care why
do I waste my money on this but no
that's a great question so you collect
all the badges which means you defeat
all all eight Gym Leaders right okay and
after you defeat all eight Gym Leaders
you get to take on the Pokemon League
the four strongest trainers in the
region and once you defeat them then you
are the Pokemon master and what happens
then is a whole new section of the world
has opened up with more Pokemon there
are Pokemon that you cannot obtain until
after you've defeated the Elite Four
this is actually more game there's
actually just fan theory of what happens
after I'm very confused no no there's
there is like a whole second half of the
game in all of the games yeah and then
after you defeat the Elite Four that's
when you can start like trading Pokemon
with other players you know with your
Link cables or whatnot and no there's a
whole like I think you're missing the
point they're having an existential
crisis oh they are the pokemon trainer I
think that's what they were getting and
they're the very best and now they know
they don't know what to do yeah shit you
know when you have your rosebud moment
not happy well this material you've
accumulated you just want that slight do
you know what then you have to look back
at your adventure and here's the great
thing about Pokemon you have your
Pokemon with you and they're your
friends they've been with you only on
your journey she fucking sold them
like he sold your slave I mean they died
in the battles you were forcing them to
go on then no one dies they just pass
out
zigzag success says but our voice acting
that oblivion Thanks sick oblivion burn
I guess oh look at those adorable guys
just this guy you know says hey well
change the steam game maybe I thought
twitch disallowed uranium is that what
this is all so I sent you a very large
box in the mail
this is uranium I looked into it we've
got a bunch of large boxes in the MOA we
do okay I looked into it and I could not
find any official ruling on twitch and
this game so I don't know I think it
still says er playing FTL no I changed
it I think if you don't change it to an
official game it's whatever the last one
was oh really
oh well then they go I could not find a
specific ruling so all right that's our
that's our nemesis that's our nemesis
Theo I'm sure it's fine forget if we get
shut down for this yeah what should they
be so maybe our first defense they'll
give us a slap on the wrist we might not
be able to monetize this video which
usually like would that'll happen with a
Nintendo video than the tutor zone not a
big deal oh no it does say we're playing
Pokemon uranium yeah okay thank you
say you are playing no man's sky no one
will bother you I kind of like that you
know what happened to the overlay is we
have a different hard drive in the
computer and we forgot to move
everything over so we don't have the
overlay working and we're sorry okay
let's get through all this bullshit it's
all the same bullshit oh my god oh my
god hey smash that cat no that is a half
I've got half math half cat okay says
been bringing Pixar lately and they seem
to produce quality productions
consistently I'm smell binging that
bringing binging yeah makes sense that
makes sense
do you agree and what other studios do
you think compare and then d'avin I'm
falling off a Pixar lately since um
who was it Lasseter yeah
since Lasseter left or is he just
splitting his time between them and
Disney well he's head of Disney now yeah
like he's still you know will like input
but he's no longer like running things
at Pixar a lot of people love inside-out
that was okay yeah it was okay okay
that's it that's it it's okay
three-quarters as good as their best
stuff mmm-hmm like most of their sequels
kind of suck I didn't I never I didn't
see like the monster yeah but I know
they're working on a new Incredibles
that's gonna be great I didn't see the
good dinosaur nothing sounds interesting
about it it was fine you quit the beard
he just noticed why did you quit the
beard I'll get into it let's finish up
our pic okay yeah I just got just what
the fuck you just noticed I just noticed
cuz you know why you just saw me last
night yeah I had the phobia and it was
looking pretty good right it's looking
pretty good I had a whole thing good
dinosaurs all right
it was not
I'm great yeah it's all like that's we
rented it for the kids and like they got
bored so in any case kappa bro are you
ready to take the trainer after dude yes
yes
so Pixar Pixar though is like it's
consistent enough where if you just say
like I need a good movie that I can
watch with kids around you can pick any
Pixar movie and for 98% of them you will
also enjoy watching them I think Pixar's
what will eventually be described as
picked Pixar's Golden Age yeah is now
done with yes and what might happen next
is completely theoretically there'll be
a continued slide they might not
necessarily become crap but it'll speak
mediocrity and eventually they'll get
merged in with Disney Animation proper
no and if they ever do Megan up a Toy
Story or whatever it'll come out under
the Disney label in like 15 10 15 years
down the road so when there's the Toy
Story reboot it'll just be as Disney
I am looking forward to the new Studio
Ghibli Ghibli film I know this is the
this is one without Miyazaki directing
it but Miyazaki has been doing press for
it and he's he said he wishes he could
have worked on it that's how much you
liked it yeah I liked all their movies
so yeah totes looking forward to it I
don't know any of these I'm just gonna
pick this one Keira says hey guys yeah
Bioshock remastered collection comes out
this week it's a free upgrade on Steam
by the way
what is your opinion on Bioshock and
remaster games in general lol tug my
Johnson not the only Bioshock game I've
really played was infinite know at times
it's really interesting at other times
it's trying really hard to suck its own
cock that's what I heard about by as far
as remastered I love them keep them all
games in good shape
yeah yeah I you know what I really
enjoyed the first Bioshock game yeah I
didn't it was one of those games that
promised like ambiguity at the end and
it turned out to be just an A or B
ending so that was a little
disappointing but I I really liked the
first batch I came and I never played
any more of them I liked it that much I
never played any more of them but a good
atmosphere loved all the Big Daddy
fights loved although I don't know why I
never played through all of the first
Bioshock I love the setting yeah I'll
say that I fucking love the setting oh
god yeah is great all the creepy people
in the masks and the the Big Daddies and
little sisters yeah I don't know why I
never finished it but I didn't you never
finished the first one yeah well I do
find out what started Pokemon I get gal
bro I get I get don't get the pic no I
took a little test which is interesting
you have to like so it's got actually
got better ideas than the sort of
original Pokemon games
I am a player who likes to play it safe
Payton's patience and endurance are your
biggest assets you know the best things
in life come to those who wait for a
defensive trainer like you oh I get a
green cat look at that look at that good
green cat that's really ugly that is a
green cat I heard I heard infinite had
some neat ideas and and kind of blew its
load but it's really full of itself yeah
what it's good is really clever and
smart oh yeah well it's good I you know
I that first Bioshock is really fun
right the actual combat is kind of yeah
yeah yeah sure the game really made me
hate drawers and games so many fucking
drawer oh you got this and you got this
right in here anybody ever wear this a
playing the game I'm fucking looting a
bunch of drawers to get money the game
actually kind of made me start to hate
interactive environments oh sure
oh god I'm sure sick of searching all
this crap oh god thanks because you're
never finding anything really super
interesting what are the enemies like an
infinite a lot of just guys with guns
but there are some really interesting
automatons Oh George Washington wooden
table Tom Italian variant not Lincoln
yeah yeah no not Lincoln might have been
that's why I would love fighting like
robot George Washington no because one
that takes place it probably wouldn't
have been Lincoln because you he'd be
too current
I don't remember the other Benjamin
Franklin yeah I like founding fathers
there's a lot of a term like the
founding fathers into like religious
iconography okay that that's interesting
cool thematically what they're doing
it's not a terrible world
yeah not like him because Lincoln freed
the slaves and in the game they're
probably racing yeah yeah I took it back
I said no it definitely wasn't Lincoln I
took it back settle down
who is the other version though because
I don't think they were all George
Washington
okay telegin says rich oh yeah I
recently got around watching some Star
Trek next gen I started on season 2 and
my only major complaint is the pacing
which can be a little slow for my taste
also a season one worth a watch maybe
get the three first three three is where
the show really gets great season two I
think starts off slow and then I like
half the season two is great and half a
season two is then three is all good one
I know type of Grace Kirk and the chat
defenses to death but season 1 is just
steaming ass my big one next gen of next
gen yeah steaming ass I think there I'll
only defend it because I think there's a
couple good episodes I think we've had
this talk isn't like Riker commands the
Klingon ship episode in season 1 that's
- is that - that's be Riker is it yeah
that's - that's a good episode measure
of man that season - oh I like watching
him chronologically
I lost my first Pokemon battle
season one isn't the show does not come
close to finding its own voice
season one has a lot of episodes that
would have worked better with the
original series crew situation the Kirk
should have been handling it in season
what they didn't quite figure out
everyone's role yeah yeah in season one
euro so I shaved my beard today oh yeah
it was fine my beard was finally getting
to the point where I thought it looks
good it probably would have shown up on
camera and I was feeling very happy with
how it looked
yeah he was the problem but here is
where we ran into the problem and the
problem is twofold one Halloween is
coming up and I already know what I'm
doing for Halloween okay and I would
have to shave it for Halloween anyway
yeah - last night we were at a party
rich and I were at a party and there was
an amazing dip it was great dip and I go
and I have a scoop of that dip and a
little bit of dip gets on my lip
oh no problem I'll clean it off and it's
been a while since I've like had a beard
and I forgot how awful it was to get any
sort of food in there and so I'm trying
to get the dip out of my moustache and
like I go in the bathroom I wash my face
and I can it just feels like there's
little greasy dips and it's just me
it's just personally I never had that
issue I'm not I'm not used to it I'm not
just a beard life and so first thing
this morning shower and shave like
fucking I'm not dealing I do not want to
deal with food on my face I can't remind
back yet for reasons for reasons reasons
okay but I sorry I I have guilt-free
then I can grow my back yeah oh please
please grow up back it was just it was
just the end you know what I cleaned it
off like I said I washed my face but it
felt greasy still and just that feeling
of greasy mustache made me shave it
immediately I can't deal with it
so I'm just not gonna have a beard and
I'm comfortable with that
I shave I shaved everything and I felt
great no more itching so Jack looks
better with the bee everyone looks
better with a beard and it the beard was
looking great but I don't care if it
means that I have if I feel greasy and
gross
okay I'll read this I know that I get it
Natomas says my mother may I've met a
lady named Susan and she says she works
with you then she said me she wants me
but I had to decline as my heart belongs
to my wife and future more personal
films Oh a reference to something I
don't get
not that I know of okay okay good they
tipped it wasn't anything offensive
anything I'll say the thing you want me
to say the thing I'll say the thing I
should go say goodbye to my hands can
you share your head shaving technique
with us I just have a razor for you know
my head I do go against the grain beard
I go with the grain I don't know if you
have a shaving preference like yeah
beard I go home beard I go with the hair
head I go up and that really makes it
nice and smooth you know cuz beard even
after you shave you got a little bit of
stubble but like my head whoo baby
smooth yeah alright baby smooth if I go
against the green and you know what the
most important part if you're shaving I
mean for any shape but if you're shaving
your whole head is you got you have to
get really good aftershave balm not not
like aftershave like the alcohol like
something that moisturizes I'll be
shaving my head someday yeah most likely
I don't see I'll try it once and I'm
gonna look like a ball I'm gonna look
like a baseball it's true it's gonna be
the worst thing don't change it maybe
buzz first yeah you know cuz then you'll
still have something up there to give it
to give your head some shape yeah that's
what I did I first I buzz you know but
kept it kept in some hair yeah yeah then
see how you like that oh God pissed off
mofo in the chat you're totally right
Jack could totally do dr. venture for
Halloween it doesn't you're not going to
do right but you would be a fantastic
doctor dr. venture okay Jonas jr. or not
jr. uh rusty
is the other one does a major brain fart
come Halloween time I'll see if I can if
I'll probably still have my tick costume
so yeah I can probably bring it in and
show you guys my take costume we're
starting to plan it out already
everybody's costumes which should
embrace the Friar Tuck look fuck off I
hate the Friar Tuck look it's an
abomination unless you have then it's
fine it's you know it's the Costanza
it's no I'm not gonna be George Costanza
I'm sorry fine it's fine look classic
that's a terrible or classic looks
horrible look it's a sad and depressing
look that's why George Costanza has the
Costanza oh that's a chick I need a red
coat II do not need a red guy you know I
might look good with a mustache I don't
know take custom but I heard tip costume
and I could pull that off yes I could
pull off a tit costume let's go as one
tit anonymous says to be the tick you
can telepathic you if you could
telepathically communicate with an issue
complex commands to members of any two
species what would they be - because I
know exactly what Dodge rich will try I
don't care I don't care any people
desperately trying to make this a thing
now I don't care
Jiminy Cricket prick bastard says a ship
accelerating at 1g you know could reach
the end Rama to galaxy for billion
light-years away in only 25 years of
ship time is FTL slash warp travel
really necessary given that well at ship
time but at the other end back on earth
where you're waiting for the information
that's still a lot longer 20 it 1g I'm
just assuming they're talking about a
time dilation when you when you're
traveling really fast I have no idea
yeah I
have no idea I think like one gene then
you got to double that for the way back
well listen talking about around and
also like 1g I think what they're like I
think that's way faster than things
normally travel in space like when we
send like the probes out yeah they do
not travel that fast and like they're
just hypothetical like you would get to
a speed yeah but there is shit in space
like you don't want to be traveling that
fast in space unless you have a way to
deflect I don't know rocks there's rocks
the asteroid belt yeah take a look at
what's actually in the asteroid belt if
you like if you if you're picturing yeah
you're picturing the Empire Strikes Back
right sure parts of it yeah take the
take the amount of asteroids you
actually saw the apart and just stretch
that around the entire fucking Sun yeah
but you know you don't think there's
like little little shit you're going too
fast like a little pebble space is so
fucking big jack space is bigger yeah
that's so fucking big you're probably
not going to hit anything high
probability
mekka Bionic frog says 1 G 1 G is 9.8
meters per second per second that's
pretty fast
yeah don't like you're just a long time
still a very long time and then how long
to get a communication back to earth
yeah exactly right exactly
mega Bionic frog sis thoughts on Garak
from ds9 I know I don't have complex
thoughts this is a very interesting
character he was the tailor right I was
gonna confuse with them I love the hot I
didn't watch too much TV face night yes
he was still the cat was going out this
TV is he doing with the ears that's why
I remember is the shopkeeper the Ferengi
no it wasn't he wasn't though over the
years no more the funny Ferengi he was
quani now quark not to be with a Q who
is the shapeshifter oh wow q Q is you
know what I was you should know that
from just TNG I was just next gen listen
they'll they all get jumbled up in here
you know they all get jumbled up I know
how to catch a fucking Pokemon
did you get a tip from this time it's
lupus that's coming up oh I'm seeing in
the chat if I could just mechanically
read them all fast and we could not
discuss anything that happens and we
cannot discuss anything else but the
tips he said he didn't see the the
notification so just to confirm I
apologize I apologize it's next in fact
hey stop hogging the pokémons and let
rich have a turn you know how much he
loves the game you Schmidt ik
Schmendrick
oh so zuka zama k-- dick Hoyt stop -
long that's you - boys because why not
nice nice so right now I'm not enjoying
the game because I'm waiting to get to
the part of the game where I can
actually like go out and catch a story
ship yeah like this this in a normal
pokémon game it does not take this long
okay Pokemon yet
well I fought one but it was my friends
Pogo I have not fought a wild Pokemon
yet we're going through a lot of shit
here so sorry and I just want it's time
to go out and get okay here we go there
we go
now ready Jack you Skrillex subs app
says yes hello hey ho what up bros how's
the days Deus Ex mankind did going is
still still the next review also tell me
to go to the gym right now because I am
feeling like a schlub
slob lolz solace my quantum I am feeling
like a schlub Lowell oh I think this
should be in a space missing lol I'm
feeling like a schlub
lol
solace my quantum so here's the thing
hey Jack Skrillex of zap go to the gym
you'll feel better after you get a
workout in you will oh my god
do you know the go to gyms go for walk
around blocks or something it's
something get your workout in however
you do it you know did you might be
boring but if that's their working write
a bike if that's what their workout is
yeah I go to the gym then go to the gym
look at this derpy Pokemon as opposed to
all the other derpy looking very
confused this is extra derp this Pokemon
is extra dare they're all redesigns
they're all new designs they're all new
designs I heard there are some that are
very similar to regular Pokemon what was
the other part of that Deus Ex review
oh we've decided not to do Deus Ex Jack
did not feel like he had any really
complex criticisms generically enjoying
it after after seven or eight hours my
my review is fine
thanks fine I have nothing interesting
to say about it I enjoyed playing human
Revolution when I play downstream hmm I
didn't touch mankind mankind divided it
yeah yep I was enjoying it I want to
play the rest of it I don't have the
free time paid free time to do it yeah
and so we decided against it I have an
idea for something I'd like us to talk
about in general and I have a new idea
for just a show in general oh yeah that
will be an addition I forgot to tell you
about it earlier
perfect so it's news to me yeah yeah I
forgot to tell you about it earlier I
don't know if you want me to talk about
it during this rumor for you
let's catch up oke man's salt like FCT
says never thought I'd say this but I
actually missed the overlay a little bit
also who'd wear to fight Tommy why soon
come I twice OH
or Neal Breen Tommy Wiseau is a media
man he's large it's got a big frame yeah
he could probably dominate and I'm sure
like Breen looks like he's an older
gentleman left older in his movie which
was also older yeah so he's got to be
doubly old now right then how that works
yes so I'm gonna say Tommy Wiseau like
in a real world fight not a fictional
character version of them fight it is n
it's Neil brain of he's the best but in
real life I'm giving it Tommy I'm sorry
no I think that's fair I think it's
totally fair
breehn is the best at all things but
we're not asking about characters were
asking about people in reality yes yeah
you're right like if it were their
characters Tommy Wiseau would never make
it to the fight because Neal Breen would
hack his computer and give him poison
through his hackable computer like
evidence that his girlfriend was
cheating and he would just kill himself
right yeah yeah and a fictional fight
Tommy Wiseau is already dead right
that's a fucking looking thing you know
you know that is a funky looking thing
they're they're designs aren't quite
Pokemon
you know like look at that thing a
Pokemon to me there's subtle difference
it's all different
manaman says hey guys
two hundred streamers i watch brought in
their girlfriends as guest host within
the same week and I couldn't watch
either for long all it did was remind me
of how lonely I am
any advice well first of all any stream
work errands on Space Ghost is that's
what Pokemon this is this is the fan
made pokemon uranium dark eyes oh yeah
man like are you looking for advice to
meet girls or how to avoid streams one
of these things is a lot easier than
yeah I kind of want this thing this
looks like a bear caterpillar
well are you are you are you you know I
mean if you're looking for an actual
relationship uh-huh find a girl you can
actually be friends with cuz uh it
wasn't the time you spend together
things are really working isn't gonna be
doing romantic things it's just gonna be
being together living in the same house
together it's very true it would help a
lot to enjoy watching the same things
but also make sure you have enough
differences you know keep it in you know
like kids you can't just have a mirror
of yourself yeah I need to bring
something to life well you need they
need to bring something to the equation
so you know like where do you find him
fuck if I know man unless you're unless
you're having like sex with your
identical twin and I'm gonna start to go
into that that's oh that's some issues
right there the Love Bug Pokemon um I
don't I don't know where to meet him I'm
sorry
use the apps I would use apps I just
said use a tinder the swipey you look at
the photos and just keep swiping until
you see someone don't boom efficient I
met Karen in high school yeah that's
probably no help to you nope I met Lisa
in high school we are we have no help I
know how old you are but meeting
somebody in high school that might be a
really big mistake basically if you're
not in high school don't look to meet
someone in high school I don't care if
you just graduated that's how it works
Namah says I was fuckin down the hallway
and some crease grabbed my vein and I
turned to him and said so help me if you
smoke me again you will go the way of
the coyote and then he defiled away ok
ok you read that I baines's double-0 it
says hey thank you have you guys checked
out mr. robot yet just started watching
it recently and got sucked in nice break
from Hollywood hacking highly
recommended lol hack my ass noise I've
still not seen any mr. robot I've heard
good things I haven't heard a lot I'm
I'm I'm I'm currently in the background
a lot of the background noise today I
was I was working on other things and a
lot of my background noise today was
rewatching jessica jones
to get all sorts of hype for Luke Cage
at the end of the month yep so I'm
relaunching that that's all that's all I
got and I have a whole bunch of movies
I'm gonna watch this week I'm gonna
finally catch up on my movies that I
missed all the movies that I missed in
the theater yeah we're gonna see pop
star I'm gonna see nice guys I'm gonna
see Keanu I'm gonna see all these movies
that if I'm gonna see neon demon I'm
gonna see all the movies that I missed
and it's gonna be great
well I would I would like to play
through Deus Ex but I've got a
houseguest right now I would just make
air it makes it makes everything awkward
one one-bedroom apartment that a
houseguest not that's not Karen they you
you have a houseguest who can deal with
you playing deus ex same room cuz
there's nowhere else for my houseguests
to go yeah sitting there well I'm
monopolizing the monitor to play Deus Ex
hey that's not that's not your problem
that's not your problem
them's the breaks yeah I mean I knew
zero neuroses I like I like Jessica
Jones but like daredevil more first
season
yes I liked first season of daredevil
more I like Jessica Jones about the same
as the second season of daredevil I
ivory actually like a little bit ago I
recently re-watched the second season a
daredevil - there's some good stuff in
there and there's some not-so-good stuff
in there but Jessica Jones is good man
it's it's like once David Tennant starts
rolling around it gets real good
who wins between Breen and why so if
they're both deluded into believing they
are their characters it's still Tommy
Wiseau because they're just deluded just
because neoprene thinks he is the best
hacker most talented thing doesn't mean
he actually is right because it's just a
pollution right so that overconfidence
is just gonna let Tommy Wiseau whale on
him extra hard as Neill green is
surprised that he's not actually a super
genius badass
you know what I like I was not a big
West world fan or anything and so I know
I know of the new West world chill I
have no strong feelings about it either
way rich to have any strong feelings
about the new West world show I first
time ever we're gonna heard of it oh
they're doing the West world to remake
for HBO
be good yeah give me good I got nothing
against West world yeah thank you I knew
were set down and watch the whole thing
I've seen bits and pieces in what's good
yeah like I don't know if I've ever
either
I'm not a big West world guy but hey why
not HBO's been making quality stuff I
mean how do you how do you reboot that
well it's gonna have to be the VR right
no I think they're I think they're
rebooting it in the same kind of fashion
I mean in the world we live on now is
just a whole city of robots acting like
the Cowboys is that just too silly when
we when we hypothetically could have
things like VR do that kind of stuff hmm
maybe but VR doesn't have the same kind
of no danger you know in physical danger
so you know kind of need to oh there's
the go to know if you die in the
computer your brain gets fried for no
good reason because that's what it says
in this drama requires it
yonk
then we go back and we get healed up
because this is how you cheese at
Pokemon this is how what you use that
Pokemon gotta get your moves on Pokemon
by just hitting the a button over and
over again check and I see someone in
the chat is mentioning my t-shirt spread
gene which is a real thing that I have
and I know everyone thinks I'm a crazy
person yeah I when when my when the
blade review came out I talked a little
picture cuz I had to add another column
yeah to my t-shirt spread the sheets I
have one for previously recorded one for
best of the works and one for review and
the reason I do that is because
oftentimes I wear graphic tees and I
don't want to wear the same t-shirt
that's I think that's happened to me
before - - during episodes different
days weeks apart or whatever support but
then like one episode right after the
other you're wearing the same t-shirt I
don't want that and so I started a
spreadsheet and so if I know I'm coming
into film I check the spreadsheet what
did I wear last couple ones okay don't
worry any of those try to wear a new one
right and people were and Jay included
on Twitter Jay was giving me such shit
about me having a t-shirt spreadsheet
and I think it's very practical no it is
nicer weren't a lot of just plain shirts
cuz it's not you know weren't a
graphical tee it's not and I know that's
what that's a sure twice in a row oh no
that's what Jay does - he says plain
t-shirts but you know I like I like
graphic tees so I know I'm a big weirdo
the person who rolls their eyes the
hardest is my wife Lisa is just like
what which is fucking why and I explain
that to her and you know she understands
my logic but you know like my graphical
tees you know why
cuz I like it when people say oh that's
a fun shirt where'd you get that shirt
it's like oh I can share my fun shirt
okay one nuts when you wear the CGP grey
shirt they love that and you wore the
binding of issac shirt to people mention
that I'm like that's a little fun more
fun thinking nuts they went nuts and by
nuts I mean - people said something
Nega Bionic frog says please tell me you
guys are gonna stream South Park the
fractured but whole in December nope no
media plans I don't I
I'm sure South Park is still funny I
haven't watched it in ages I haven't
played the stick of truth I haven't at
basic cable and ages night like I South
Park is no longer a big part of my life
so Fran cam one one four says two
questions the Jordan the people behind
our l'm follow the online fan
communities on reddit 4chan etc i know
jack does nope I don't I'm on reddit
yeah and every once in a while I'll get
a little thing in my inbox yeah and
where someone on the red letter media
subreddit has a question and they know
what my username is and so they go hey
user har Lac yeah cuz that's my name for
everything do you do you know that
there's a problem with the site and I go
oh yeah I'll tell you and then and
that's it like so I'm on reddit that's
it
every once in a while I'll peek my head
into this into the red letter media
subreddit like just to see what they're
talking about
I don't spend a lot of time man usually
I just look at the front page and then I
go on with my day so no no something
like send me a link to something going
on there but yeah yeah
Mike I don't I don't monitor the red
letter media subreddit yeah I guess is
what I'm trying to ditch how do you feel
about the cult of personality your fans
have about you it's fine it's amusing
it's a great leap amusing it's greatly
bemusing it's better to be a have a cult
of personality than to have nothing you
know
I got something going for me you do yeah
it's fine I said my laughs kills cancer
I get it
fun joke the fun joke it's code the
personality I don't know who the hell
does that and you know what now that you
sing it I can't hear the original song
anymore oh no no no no so rich what's
your email address Rich's email address
is contact at red letter media dot-com
quiz attic one says have you guys heard
of Hell see on six just came out is
apparently a mix of FTL and new XCOM I
have not even heard of it thank you
thank you for reminding me someone
someone sent me the link to that
somebody yes I'm the info it's there's
the one thing you might not like about
it is it does have turn-based combat
like RPG style turn-based combat okay
now like XCOM style turn but it's not
like X down but the world looks really
interesting and it it seems fun and yeah
there's a lot of them I don't know maybe
nothing just turn face because it's
turned off maybe I don't know what ton
about it but it did look really
interesting so uh so thank you for that
I will I will try to remember to show
rich that will open up steam here and
look at the trailer anonymous says wait
the blue blaze says gonna do these an
order check it's important it's very
important or else you lose your honor
have either of you played any of the
borderlands games what do you think of
them what's your favorite parody film
slash game also thanks for the advice
this is what I'd assume that anonymous
guy would say funny funny nut play
Bordelaise sorry I played the first one
and it was a fun combat like really good
really good shooter and I got a little
tired of the world and I got a little
sick of a gun man mm-hmm
it's it's one of those games that has a
million
and then you know like the enemies drop
a gun and then you look at the gun and
you compare their gun stats with the gun
stats you currently have to see which
gun you're gonna use and that kind of
turned into the world they're into the
game for me is just like it was looking
at numbers yeah
and so I was no longer playing a shooter
I was playing math and so I got a little
bored with it but uh combat was fine it
was fine
favorite parody film slash game I'm not
sure but it was probably made by Mel
Brooks I'll say that much sure sure
yeah you know Spaceballs is an amazing
movie it might be Shaun of the Dead or
Hot Fuzz because they do well they
transcend parody where they parody but
also pay respect to their source
material Hot Fuzz I think is more
transcendent then Shaun of the Dead
I guess I you know what I could I'll be
with you man but and like I know they're
not they're like a different form of
satire yeah but I still can consider
them satire so but oh an email I mean
just about any Mel Brooks the only thing
really excessively parodying and had fun
this is like some of the editing for
like the mundane things they do the
action
no oh they're mad pretty beat I mean it
hits it hits all the action beats at the
end it has all of the tropes in it and
they kind of find their spin on it so no
good I still think it counts cinnamon
likes the world in possibly a little
more there that was disappointing
World's End was really disappointing
really this money but it was
disappointing coming from Shaun to Hot
Fuzz to world and I know you hadn't seen
I watched Hot Fuzz the night before I
watched the World's End that the World's
End is disappointing that yeah very much
so yes in comparison yes yes
and so like airplay I see in the chat
someone said airplane airplane is great
fan TAS that would be Karen's favorite
already film yep she's a smart smart
lady I don't know if I've ever said that
about Karen but you know but you got you
got yourself some Blazing Saddles you
got yourself Young Frankenstein well
this is high anxiety is Hitchcock parody
yes oh fuck yes that was a great one
Spaceballs space balls are great Robin
Hood men in tights eyes there's no that
do I remember that Oh Mel Brooks not as
good as it used to be it was my reaction
to men in tights carry-ons
is is wonderful a lot of good jokes in
there
featuring Robin Hood Mennonites has a
little appearance by Dom DeLuise jr. but
my dad Eloise is good by the way alright
he's in that movie that's all I know
Jake oh the naked gun cracker man the
producers the producers wasn't a parody
of anything oh it was a unique idea
the the Naked Gun series yeah might be
my favorite parody okay okay the movies
are good I think this I think the series
was a tad better gags so the Naked Gun
short-lived TV series might be my
favorite parody that's the first thing
those were brilliant those were
brilliant
cheyanne monk it's a giant moon I always
loved The Naked Gun when he's trying to
quietly sneak and Ricardo montalban's
place at night he's trying to be quiet
mm-hmm the fish bites and he's got the
vein the organ going in the background
yep everything that could go wrong
that's great and then it ends with him
outside the building hanging off of a
stone penis pulling himself up I just
like I just remember watching I forget I
think it's that one I forget which one
it was exactly and I watched it too
young where I didn't get the joke where
Priscilla Presley is walking at the
ladder and goes nice beaver and she
hands down the stuffed beaver yeah I
didn't understand the joke at the time
now as an adult oh you know what movies
great but and does not get a lot of love
nowadays what top secret yeah with Val
Kilmer I have to reverse that I remember
seeing it thinking that's fine really
great visual gags really great visual
gags these are all made by the same
people I think time shaking send me the
same people who did airplane or the same
people that did the doctor done yeah
really I think I correct me if I'm wrong
chat is is top-secret not a sucker's
film remember top secret like there's
that entire underwater like western
fight scene and it was done all
underwater but they were breaking chairs
over each okay
that's brilliant this clever I don't
know that's funny
I came over the guy had the the the
magnifying glass while reading a book
and it brings the magnifying glass down
and he just has a big deformed I
top-secret is great classic Val Kilmer
kayak top secret is a sucker's phone oh
great Austin you know what Austin Powers
I think the first Austin Powers movies
arguing to may therefore a really good
parody Hot Shots wasn't the suckers that
was one of their associates wasn't it
one of the other people it was also I
like I like shots and hot shots apart
Indy
Natomas says the nom de Jack was on
review and retro sign review what are
you both gonna be on review you can talk
about the Super Mario Brothers movie I
don't give a shit about the fucking
Super Mario Brothers movie Ritchie just
hung as I play video games don't mean I
have like a ton of interesting thoughts
about the motherfucking Super Mario
Brothers movie but Ritchie a video game
guy you gotta look up things video games
does it but we do video games Jack talk
about all the video games though rich
don't you know you got a ton of other
video games but I mean it might happen
where we do a review and it's rich and I
am it might happen where we do a review
and it's Josh and iron we can we would
play that by ear we don't know exactly
what's happening by the way you should
play rains it will make rich laughs so
joyfully write it down in the book the
great book things we'll never do I wrote
it down did you see me write it down
totally ro to them
but video game yeah I know let's yeah we
do we don't know what's gonna happen
with the review what's the furthest you
can get from video games
you can do a review or just Citizen Kane
well talk about citizen fucking Kane
how's that they did perfect they'd be
perfect I got a few more ideas I want to
float by J jokingly I don't know I don't
know if it's made it into like the audio
only cut I don't know what they cut into
that I told Jay that I want to do a
review for every 90s superhero movie
just because those the movies I grew up
watching and loving like I want to do
one for the Phantom I want to do one for
the shadow and I want to do one for
Blankman because I remember Blankman but
no one else is like that I've seen it
it's great it's great Blankman by the
way someone who didn't really care about
blade yeah I watched the review you'd
have a James great oh thanks great
thanks yeah I had a it was a really
great casual conversation I was a little
nervous cuz you know I hadn't done a
review before but but those blade movies
one and two are really good too
especially which is Guillermo del Toro
Blade 2 is quality movie played Trinity
sucks balls bud but I some quality stuff
and you know a lot of fun stuff to talk
about just a lot of little tidbits you
know Blankman could be a parody I don't
remember yeah I didn't forget spawn
hardcore spawn came out after blade so
we were mentioning we were mentioning
movies
oh my got berries nice we were
mentioning other movies cuz there's a
lot I did spawn come out after blade and
I forget it doesn't you know what it was
we didn't it doesn't we didn't talk
about spawn because it's fucking spawn
so terrible
you're right judge frowny face J was
really sweet to humor me and letting me
do a review on play well you know like
that's the kind of movies that watch I
thought it was a fine episode final
episode next time I'm gonna I'm gonna
ask him to do a review on face off the
Nicolas Cage you could do John Travolta
movie fucking face off man it's a great
movie
llama so is Jack I know a little German
he's sitting right over there but I'm
assuming that was a top-secret joke
oh maybe oh gosh is good go to bed love
stop shaking tray don't wear that joke i
I just remembered top secret as a as a
movie that existed that is a parody
movie it's very different than loving it
I loved it I don't I don't memorize
stuff like you guys memorize stuff I'm
gonna say Jack it feels like we've been
playing this for three hours that's what
it feels like yeah we haven't we have
not
John Woo directed faceoff that's fucking
right slow motion doves and everything
and faceoff greatest rich so comically
stupid the greatest I think is what you
mean gobbledygook says Jack please tell
us a story about you and a blood rave
was this before or after you were a
butcher didn't involve your butcher shop
oh well vulcanize my Whoopie stick I was
well I saw blade I I'm not exaggerating
when I say blade came out when I was 16
yeah and you know then it probably came
to video the next year so I was 16 maybe
17 that came out on video and my friends
and I would throw like dance parties in
our parents basement to techno music to
that one song and blade that is a
horrible techno song I'm sure because we
were so fucking into blade did you did
you throw black specks of blood each
other no no but but you know like we I'm
sure we yelled bloodbath at one point
and then you know the next year the
matrix came out and just solidified the
whole techno dance club thing ah there's
a dumb kid but the matrix got all the
credits and the matrix got all the
credit because racism mm-hmm this time
it's lupus says one of my favorite
things regarding rlm is when you guys
just talk movies in these streams or
when you go off on tangents and
commentary tracks
it's just thoroughly enjoyable more
reviews please thank you thank you very
much
it's gonna happen because they I know
Jay and Mike really like Makem because
it's a lot easier just to have a random
conversation about a movie that's out on
DVD analysis can either of you watch a
Tom Cruise film and not think crazy
Scientologist while watching no it's
utterly impossible it is I can
yeah because he hasn't done anything
like because he hasn't done anything
like super illegal like it it probably
like it'd be really hard for me to watch
that's another example of this you know
they hate him just his personality his
is too distracting oh no I think I think
he's a good enough actor we're like I
can forget the baggage that comes with
Tom Cruise overshadows know I can forget
about that they're like because it's not
bad bad like it's not super bad baggage
you know like I could never I could
never watch a movie with OJ Simpson
again like the old movies before he
murdered two people like yeah maybe
stay to the Naked Gun probably it is I
have been murdered two people yeah no
but like Tom Cruise is just kind of a
weirdo yeah so it's it's different for
me
well there's necessarily ruin the movie
but it's distracting does that that
character it's that's Tom Cruise and yes
if Scientologist weird for Tom Cruise
that doesn't that doesn't bother me
we're just talking about this but edge
of tomorrow is a somewhat recent movie
and I fucking love edge of tomorrow
that's a great movie Oh Jake is barely
in the first naked good yes but when he
is you that's all you think it's all you
can thinking about yeah absolutely
naima says I am here for you father when
I came of age I would like to know I
would like to do it there's no space
there a better space yeah I had to
observe that it was anyway that doesn't
sound right
I would like to do it your own uncle not
allow a damn fool
David was afraid of an old man we got
some fucking crazy people are you gonna
I guess I guess just like picking up a
book and writing the first two sentences
that you see it's probably like a game
play sure everyone I had the page page
37 of the nearest book and the the fifth
sentence you type it in is the tip hmm
that's the thing we're dealing with
tonight yeah Jackie Rose I grew that Tom
Cruise has never phoned a performance in
okay I I think he is an actor that that
gives it all even even to like small
roles weird roles
he's a I think he's a good actor he's a
good performer so I am will I am able to
separate that when I see him on screen
drinking burger too says turkey burger
jeez everyone forgets the r-rated comic
book movie franchise from the 90s The
Crow the sequels suck though also the
mask Judge Dredd men in black and
mystery men are based on comics oh yeah
yes that's true that's true you know
with the crow that was an interesting
one I think people still write me they
fucking made four of them such a angsty
bullshit right I'm sure they have such
bullshit I doubt they've hardly aged
terribly
still I thought the crow was school of
course everyone did everyone fucking did
everyone thought the crow was cool
there's a lot of things that are based
on Connor
she might not initially suspect were
based on comic that's true
Cowboys vs. aliens well well there's the
story behind that though is Cowboys vs.
aliens was originally written as a
screenplay
oh yeah and no one would buy it and so
but everyone is buying up comic book
materials so they turned the screenplay
into a comic book so someone would buy
the comic book that's just smart
thinking that is smart thinking yeah the
mask was based on I'm coming very
different than the comic mask was like a
grown man mask comic book is great I
haven't read it I've heard it's like a
dark adult thing though right yeah same
personality but murderous I'm like it's
like an anvil were to fall on his head
it wouldn't be like comically flat like
like his brains would splat out reforms
nice like gore is a gory loon eaters oh
that sounds great read the comics yeah I
did I think I read the comics at least
the original ones I'm swimming every
mass Connacht that came out after the
movie was the Zoot Suit emulating the
movie 100% they did a cartoon after that
movie too right yeah the comic-book mask
would slowly lose control and just got
more murderous and crazy as time went on
longer you had the mask on but the worse
you got that sounds great it is it was
rich are you well you know you probably
don't want to see x-men apocalypse right
you're not the next one person hi I do
as part of my week of catching up with
movies I am gonna watch x-men apocalypse
I might oh no justice or not Justice
League Suicide Squad is still in
theaters mm-hmm I can catch up on that
yet
well if I go to the theater don't fight
I'll bring a mascot apart you can read
that shit right I'm catching up on shit
this week rich
anonymous says are you from the wait but
I remember the the Beetlejuice cartoon
that's good that's fine it was fine
weird I remember it I don't like I
remember it existing you know right
zach is wax's check-plus rich what is
the strangest reason you don't like an
actor or slash actress for example my
father said he doesn't like Ben Affleck
in films because he finds his teeth
weird yes yeah I could totally see that
I love that by the way I love that any
actors that you dislike for weird
reasons not really any specific reason
oh we were just talking about it when I
was younger I was found Fred Savage to
be somewhat irritating for no especially
good reason all right that's fair I've
got a smarmy Nisour something I could
sense coming from him I don't I don't
know what I don't know what it was
uh-huh there's a kid yeah she's kind of
annoying I don't know why I've never
really cared for Kirsten Dunst not
because I don't believe she's a good
actress
but for a while I had a a step sister
who looked identical to her and she was
an awful bitch and so every time I see
Kirsten Dunst all I see is my stepsister
who was an awful bitch who's no longer
my stepsister so and so like I can't I
can't look until Fargo season 2 I was
unable to like watch a movie with
Kirsten Dunst without being filled with
anger yeah so I guess that's a weird
reason and I never much cared for Shia
LaBeouf because he just looks like an
asshole that might just be me though
ah I didn't really start hating him
until he started getting weird recently
shyah shyah yeah oh and you know what
his weirdness recently is the thing
that's turning me around on him yeah
yeah cuz when he was like an Indiana
Jones everyone just hated him I was fine
in it you didn't write the part yeah
he's just awful
but no like him doing like the the SIA
music video like just being a weird
artist did you see that video where he
just stared at someone for an hour
heard about it there's a rule you're
just supposed to walk in they would just
stare at you for yeah they both had a
GoPro attached to their head and they
just stared at each other in silence
dumbest thing for like an hour like
weird arthouse shit plagiarism shit like
him and transformers he did fine but
what that role was what they needed a
movie but it made him it I hated him too
I just hate him anonymous says are you
familiar with the problem of continuity
of consciousness with regard to the Star
Trek teleporters transporters these
transporters if so what are your
thoughts and would you ever take a when
you ever take a Star Trek style
teleporter transporter if they exist no
there there are philosophical nightmare
what why don't you actually see GP grade
just like did a video on this a while
back yeah why don't you explain because
they're destroying the original and
they're recreating something down below
was the recreation really still you
right are you basically dying in
something that thinks that she was
coming out the other end right it's a
copy shorthand yeah a copy of you is
created and you are destroyed and that
copy picks up where you left off with
all of you with all of you yeah but is
it a different you I would never
consider getting on a transport if if it
if it were a proven technology like they
said no yeah this is totally safe
everyone knows it's always say if I do
in the fucking art even with no because
because then like that whole
philosophical conundrum is is
that to me goes to souls which is not
like anything like like oh no all of us
it's it's this inner thing that makes us
who we are and it's no it's not just
about that
you ever see what's that movie called
the magician with you Jackman and
Christian Bale oh I have it not the
magician it's the movie about magician
yes yeah what it's called someone who
tell us what that's called
that time by the short list of movies to
see that's a that was a Nolan movie
right yeah if you just delayed the
destruction of the original see if you
feel the same way yeah but it's not the
Wayne what does that movie come pristine
fan takes at that point if you're
destroying the original and creating a
new one it doesn't really matter one you
destroy the original it's so it's
basically it's a death knell equals out
I'd still be fine with it
I have I've no I have no moral dilemma
Shane I have no moral dilemma here you
know why cuz it'll get me places faster
it's way more efficient so I have no
moral dilemma
alright the prestige prestige sorry I
know you probably said that earlier
would just you just trigger now that was
right yeah brains no your brains
braining is fine I'm thinking about
philosophical nightmares caused by
transporters it's not I don't think as
anything we're gonna have to deal with
in our life anyway and so like for me I
can say this knowing that I will never
have to deal with this though I'd rather
just not think about it at the end of
the day we're just we're just a
collection of electricity will be the
same collection on the other side
consciousness is largely an illusion
look up look up alien hand syndrome
Belize but spec brain patients in
general oh I think I know you're talking
yeah it's crazy game child you cases hi
welcome what do you think of Kevin
Smith's film direction in the past 10
years since
Jersey girl yoga hosers looks pretty bad
any chance of a clerks review with yoga
hosers coming out I know Jay and I have
talked about clerks a lot here in the
stream might not be a bad idea
clerks is an incredibly important movie
to me I would have a ton to say about it
I'll talk to Jay about it okay I feel -
I feel I feel exactly one way about
Kevin Smith's current movies like tusks
and yoga hosers he is making the movies
that he wants to make and good for him
they just happen to be garbage so you
know who cares
he has his audience isn't gonna care but
I think I think it's good that he's
making the movies that he wants to make
I know Jay says tusk is all right I
don't know about that - traitor traitor
Todd's inch says I don't suppose I could
put nerdy stories of mine and a bunch of
these tips or would that just be
annoying
you can try I think they're annoying I
just won't read them I'm not legally
obligated to read this shit we do it
because we're nice Michael Cody C aces
hey Jack and rich no no thanks for the
endless hours of entertainment how about
doing a review of Starship Troopers
there's a lot going on there that people
don't appreciate also eat my cock I'm
fond of Starship Troopers you and Mike
Cooper I have a good conversation maybe
I don't know if I can have a great
conversation but rather that much to say
yeah
maybe Jay would have a lot to say about
that
but I don't think it's terrible by
enemies Starship Troopers yeah ah fuck
it's great it's a fascist propaganda
film for a fascist government that
doesn't exist
it's great and it kind of sneaks in the
fact that it's a fascist propaganda film
kind of sneaks in there it's great yep
would you like to know more cop-out was
the bomb at the box office no and like I
I wanted more I wanted more for Kevin
Smith uh-huh
Kevin Smith was was was us was was was
everyday lot more that man has had honey
don't cry for Kevin oh no I don't cry
don't cry for Kevin Smith he he was
living every film nerds dream he made
some weird movie yeah and then he his
career took off and like oh we can do
that we can make weird movies and then
like have a career in Hollywood that was
great and then like he started to get
big opportunities and started failing at
them and so like to me it was just like
oh this guy who who was a hero for
somebody just like turned out he's not
really good at directing anything that
he didn't also write and produce and
edit yeah that kind of sucks but so
that's why that's what I mean by I
wanted more for him you know like yeah
yeah fine oh he's he's fine Starship
Troopers is a fascist satire is it a sad
tire doesn't a sad tire ultimately have
to be like sarcastic I can't I can't
find the the knocks against fascism in
Starship Troopers
it kind of just embraces it which I
guess is a satire for us but may hey
right where's the it was the haha we're
kidding
in Starship Troopers oh no it went full
ironic yeah the highs in your brain
hoping that it's ironic
yes Starship Troopers is a fascist
utopia mmm-hmm
they were literally dressed as Nazis at
the end yeah but if it's actually a
satire doesn't the message have to
ultimately be against it and never
sergeant troopers never gets their
Starship Troopers never winks it we it
never shows its hands I'm going to agree
that it's a satire okay only because it
kind of has to be I guess like because
of modern sensibilities it has to be a
satire I don't know

[Part II]
yeah is all I got rich rich what is the
furthest you've ever ridden on a bike
you just trying to get me to read tell
my story from two weeks ago
I can't keep recycling this shit I know
I may have accidentally killed a
five-year-old girl but we've already
heard it gobbledygook says never forget
DC Universe Online on the ps4 is free
you fucks lol gobbledygook cattle prod
my lap rocket better dip my cranny X
retrofit my blinks water marinate my
nether rod and power drill my dude
piston your boinks water got the cooks
for the kill going in for the kill
going in for the kill we're already good
for everyone else I know no you know
what he's stepping up everyone else's
games everyone else has been slacking or
he was too good at the job and it made
it pointless for anyone else to try also
the nose also that not obsess hello rich
and Jack I am watching your stream for
the first time tonight Oh welcome I am
very disappointed Oh
to hear you bad-mouthing me I may have
to smite you with my reality-warping
mind powers Tom C Tom Cruise you know
why cuz he was talking about reality
warping mind powers and so I went to
Scarlet Witch right away and so I was
thinking of what character in the Marvel
Universe cuz that's what she has
reality-warping mind powers and so like
I just want to like wait who in the
Marvel Universe is Tom C wait a minute
am i missing a hero I want to lose my
nerd cred but
mr. Stryver this isn't a tip mr.
specialized malecite thank you guys are
confusing satire and parody Starship
Troopers is a satire of fascism not a
parody that's why there's no wink as it
were a satire doesn't need a wink where
parody does oh yeah maybe well how do
you then what's the difference between a
fascist satire and then just flat-out a
fascist propaganda film what makes it
what makes it a satire what is it that
makes it a satire that's the question
that's the question I think satire and
parody are kind of like rectangles and
squares like some squares or rectangles
but not all rectangles or squares or
something like that I just say it how
over the top it is Starship Troopers
that over the top with the with the
actual fascist stuff as as it gets later
on it does ramp up Robocop is over the
top corporate with the corporate
jackassery and they're treating people
like objects Robocop is clearly over the
top mm-hmm it's Starship Troopers over
the top I know that the action like gore
stuff is over the top or they're
fighting the bugs but is the actual like
fascist propaganda stuff is that
over-the-top enough maybe it's it's
honestly been a while I think I think
ultimately that may be the the chink in
Starship Troopers armor is that it
didn't go far enough to be a proper
satire maybe
maybe they literally wear brown coats
that's a reference though that's not
necessarily satire that's not
necessarily a satire that's that is the
truth right there playing devil's
advocate here for crying out loud
that's very I'm trying to I'm trying to
analyze starship trooper and why it
didn't click with people this is why you
need to do a review of it you have shit
to say about it just some of this one
aspect though I don't have a broad
opinion that's I just need one thing to
talk about then you talk about the movie
that's it that's why I think that's why
I J eventually agreed to do Blade we're
just like oh yeah we can talk about like
all the other comic-book stuff and all
the other movies and David s Goyer like
there's enough to fill
when can I do what with the blanket
machine morroc
I'm sure next time we do a blink a toad
they will let me actually play Plinko I
know that was the joke last time is
maybe your running thing now Jack I
think you're doomed no I'm sure they'll
let I'm sure it'll be fine
yep
devil is my hero says what do you guys
think of the movie Remo Williams the
adventure begins it's my favorite action
movie of all time I wouldn't put it in
any favorites of all time list but she
own might be the best character in
cinematic history and I've never seen it
you've mentioned Remo Williams a few
times now you should see it yeah you
should see it she was great
he makes the film shit I he's got shits
on Barry's shit dog
let me check out damn Barry's proud no.3
one one says no matter how the therapist
and mummy tried hurting her for what
they said was her own good
dee resisted their ow
there they're opening up a book and
reading page five or sentence five page
37 Anonymous's check maybe I finally
caught the half life truth to stream no
I wanted to recommend a peripheral
keypad like a Logitech g13 I prefer it's
a line keys to traditional WASD because
it's more ergonomic and programmable
I've seen those they're the things that
your hand can kind of like rest on and
then it has like keys right here I
wouldn't need to see one I've seen those
before and they look interesting a lot
of them that I've seen they look very
expensive and how expensive is very
expensive Oh like over 50 and like these
number pads that I got on Amazon were
like $8 write that down
this number pad is $1.00 curious to try
new things will make the experience
better and you know what like lately
I've actually just been using the full
keyboard and I've been I've been getting
a lot better at my mouse and keyboard
I'll freely admit that the keyboard is
the worst part of mouse and keyboard it
is it's really tough all about the mouse
it's really tough to be like to move
with the keyboard and your mouse fluidly
if you can if you can transition to
something better than the keyboard half
of that right I'm open to it I'm totally
open to it all right we're looking to it
g13 Logitech g13 anonymous says my
sister got the cool about fire safety
tape on a field trip when she was a kid
it was one of her all-time favorite vhss
I'm new to rlm so you can imagine my
post-traumatic stress disorder when
seeing that on an old best of the worst
I'm sorry I'm sorry for the PSD TD I'm
sorry
one of these you've seen these before
not that particular one see the analog
stick for movement if that's comfortable
on the thumb that would be great
that'd be great I'm done with that hey
van with that hmm all right look into
I'll keep that up and look into uh it
might be weird to get used to
yeah well I'm already in a weird place
just getting used to mouse and keyboard
oh shit shit I'm dying
get out of there mouse anonymous is rich
do you think Truckee should consider the
reboot movies as true trek or they just
deluded action flicks with Star Trek
branding thus should be shunned they can
coexist you don't you don't have to in
order to pick one or the other
I actually think Star Trek beyond was
pretty good
I really like Star Trek fan Kirk was
Kirk and Star Trek beyond I'm so upset
hearing that Star Trek beyond did not do
well box-office wise it was the best one
but it was too late that people had
already had Star Trek fatigue with that
it wasn't Kirk taking risks for the sake
of being a crazy young risk-taker right
it was her pink Kirk and doing clever
things when warranted
and it doesn't have to replace the
regular Trek University they can coexist
it's fine it's fine I don't know I don't
know that the jayjay Trek is gonna have
much of a life beyond the the movies
they're making for it anyway
no yeah you can't use a gamepad for
movement and a mouse that would be so
weird because then you just have half of
a controller hanging off the the the the
most I enjoyed the steam controller was
one one hand with the analog stick and
the other hand of my mouse it wasn't
that bad but then that totally the issue
was the lack of keys that only limits
you to like two buttons besides which is
why you might want that special pad
thing with the analog stick on the side
listen I'll look into prices I don't
know if you can get a comfortable grip
with you know like a steam on your home
like this yeah that might be weird to
use an analog stick like this that might
be weird I don't know I don't know how
the issue is I don't know how
comfortable this would be yeah I'm with
you I would be down for trying okay I'll
look into it Oh charity case has two
Mouse's absolutely that's insanity
you're a crazy man
trader Todd's inch Zee whatever this is
part 1 r1 I was thinking about what I
was thinking about what rich said about
RTS how can't get attached to units
because there aren't enough consequences
for losing units yeah made me think
about do W 1 which is RTS unlike do w2
way to be specific and throw out
acronyms honorable I'm assuming is Donna
war
but that's pure pure guess cure guess
yeah the blue blazes a hollow Voe halav
ooh hooloovoo h oo lol vo is a
super-intelligent
oh my is a super-intelligent shade of
the color blue
page 37 fifth sentence what book what oh
god damn it
maybe phone three on a hollow vu is a
super-intelligent shade of the color
blue it's got to be one of the
Hitchhiker's Guide books which
Hitchhiker's Guide book is that
it's probably not so long and thanks for
all the fish shirt as little boys
it could be restaurant at the end the
universe and it could be mostly harmless
I'm going with mostly harmless is it
mostly harmless by Douglas Adams blue
blaze
let us news so long and thanks for all
the fish takes place mostly like the
first most of that book is just like
fairly down-to-earth schedule I kind of
I like it was a nice change of pace
mmm-hmm the first book I don't think
they had gotten off at that point yet I
don't think I don't think they were
getting that strange yet okay
it's from the scene where is aphid
steals the heart of gold in the first
book it's for the first book well that's
what that's what dark matter says okay
well I know it was one of the
Hitchhiker's goddamnit the blue blade
gave the blue blades give you next you
got it incorrect rich oh please
I was so close enough back so close
enough go fuck yourself
give me a fucking page 37 cents five and
I yeah I figure you know a random book
and I can even get you in the ballpark
that's a few narrative down to the
correct series I think that you deserve
at least two points for that you deserve
at least two point thoughts on pixel
gaming currently I don't know I don't
understand the question mark traitor
Todd zine she says part two always rub
me the wrong way that you are only
supposed to be commanding a few hundred
Space Marines when you can spam them
endlessly even though I was always a
player that was stingy yeah yeah
what your Tigers book has the killer
cricket robots the bad one oh there's a
bad one life the universe and everything
yeah it's terrible
all right life the universe and
everything is what it's called and it's
terrible
No except for bistro Drive it does that
bistro Drive what's that it's a ship
that's powered by the mathematics you
get them with the check at a bistro
sounds great so they can do wacky things
with numbers apparently yeah so the ship
is shaped like a bistro nice bistro
drive is the best thing in that book
everything else is terrible
insert Scylla username here says hey
guys wonder what your thoughts are on
labyrinth fun fact my aunt was the
puppeteer for a Huggle also I'm just
starting doing any tips I shoot all the
things that you know things and have fun
keep moving
always be moving don't stay still yep
and don't be afraid don't be afraid to
get into a fight to move closer to your
enemy because once you kill them you can
take their innards yes the best way to
survive isn't to hide run away it's to
kill the thing that's hurting you yes
just what do I think about pixel art
still I there some good one and bad ones
more ik I've been following i forget the
name i've been following this guy who's
developing a game in his free time and
and he keeps posting pictures and it's
that really dense and intricate pixel
art you know that's very different than
this it's it's like just beautiful
monsters that are that are thousands of
pixels but it still pixel art it's
beautiful there's there's amazing pixel
art and there's you know other heck
frauds say one thoughts on labyrinth
jennifer connelly oh that's my only
thought on labyrinth sure she was a bit
young then yeah yeah just in general
though Jennifer Connelly just in general
that's fair most beautiful woman ever
walk face the earth Jack I think it's
not letting it's fair that you think
that everyone has a different standard
for that no I don't really have many
thoughts on labyrinth I always get it in
my head just because I think I watch
them around the same time Dark Crystal I
always get it confused with Dark Crystal
and Legend
oh yeah legend the Tom Cruise movie with
Tim Curry is the devil and so like those
three movies
the Ridley Scott with Tom Cruise and oh
yeah shit
so like the Dark Crystal labyrinth and
legend get intertwined in my brain and
I'm you know so I don't have many
thoughts if you can look at her in the
Rocketeer and not feel things you are
not human this is tyranny soros rex
that's very true or or you're not
attractive to women
well jealousy i suppose you know what
even as a straight man I'm jealous of
Jennifer Connelly absolutely because
because sometimes I want to be that
beautiful - yeah you're right alright
you know what rich absolutely right
trader Todd zine says part three
oh it's yet then I got a crazy idea
since Space Marine companies are fixed
in their organization
I could calculate what units I would
have at my disposal and make a complete
list of the entire army it sounds just
like a much bigger realtime strategy
game then then it's currently available
I don't know man rich and I aren't big
into realtime strategy so I don't think
we can help a lot with your request for
a bigger realtime strategy game what our
Archon says rich yep person ask you what
kind of animal you want to be what kind
of weapon would you use to convince them
to stop asking you that question ever
again also Jack oxtail is from cows yes
true that's true
thanks Dale sure it was delicious
I'm thinking about the weapon yeah
jyggalag since I know you both are avid
flat-earthers and have you heard the new
there are no forest son or theory going
around Thank You jyggalag I just wanted
to say that I love because I liked it
I'm thinking about the weapon I would
use to convince somebody to stop asking
me the animal question
can it just be a Rottweiler ironically
though the it's hard to it's hard to top
a good crowbar you know sure I'm not
with the classic I'm going with the
crowbar classic I only like a Rottweiler
because like having something like that
near you means that they're not even
gonna get close enough to ask you the
question whereas like a crowbar they can
still get within swinging this it's not
asked yeah but then you get that that
satisfaction you get to get in there and
get dirty
with the crowbar mmm-hmm again you get
that catharsis you don't get that with
guns says the person who's never shot a
gun give me a crowbar made of titanium
and catharsis and I'm good ah you know I
think there's plenty of catharsis to be
hand in a gun but I just like the idea
of like an animal that will just keep
them from even getting close enough to
you to ask you in the first place that's
no fun it's it's poetic its poetic but
it's not as satisfying I guess having
all the foot horrible so I guess there's
want to be the Rottweiler that oh no you
finally answered the question
for anyone wondering I'm sure everyone
has kind of figured out what I'm doing
this this Pokemon which is a new Pokemon
it's been a while since I've run into a
new Pokemon has the harden ability which
means he can raise his defense and I
don't want to kill him
I just want to lower his health enough
to catch him in a pokeball but he's now
raised his defense high enough where
it's it's it's hard for me to lower his
health so it's just been rich you you
don't even kill flies but but I have a
very dark sense of humor so Mary Thomas
says to attempt an understanding of
Madiba what understand without
understanding his mortal enemies the
heart the heart Conan's
is two attempts seeking truth without
knowing falsehood sup doom
that sounds doom but to attempt an
understanding of Mordy without
understanding his mortal enemies the
Harkonnen the heart Conan's yes
definitely doing its to attempt seeing
truth without knowing falsehood
I don't know what your doom bug is just
like 8000 that's totally doing doom not
doom mo do you any know the one with the
sandworms gobbledygook says work them
tips and then he's got a thing with
gaming keyboards links which I'm gonna
open I'm gonna say the gaming keyboard
thing gaming keypads so much stuff here
a minute
oh yeah Razer has a bunch of stuff sure
hmm that's deep you know I think some of
them like you move the whole thing with
your hand
am I looking - oh shit look at that one
no it's Jerome oh it's got less Keys I
know it's got fancy glowing but it's got
more buttons over here more thumb
buttons it's got some buttons rich I'd
like to not take my thumb off the
movement keys fair enough
or the movement stick in this case the
movements dick Annamma says hey guys
need some advice I'm getting ready to
enter into it enter into an arranged
marriage with a nice girl the only
problem is I found out she has HIV my
parents really want me to go through
with it
question mark question mark question
mark question mark if it's an arranged
marriage and you you're not in love with
this person don't go through with it
cuz that's if this is honest if this is
an honest question sure I'm going to the
sake of argument I'm going to assume it
is no I don't that's that's a that's a
fucking huge fucking lifelong commitment
yeah marriage is a lifelong commitment
HIV with a complete stranger
yeah I would say just don't go through
with it
but I don't know that I even believe the
story but for the just just in case
that's my honest answer well you did you
just have to know how much you you are
into that person because you know even
arranged marriages you yeah you meet and
are introduced to the person before your
marriage before you married and so if
you have feelings for this person and
think you can spend the rest of your
life with this person go for knowing
though like you with HIV your chances of
having a child without HIV is very
little like your chances of a long
healthy life is very slim
you know weight of pros and cons there
man how into the relationship are you
and if and if you're having doubts
enough to ask to people who play video
games on the internet for advice you
might be doubting you know better than
attending horribly later what I mean
going through with the marriage than
being unhappy and then regretting it and
then having it get ugly absolutely take
your time take your time wait till it's
right they just want rich to say hey
probably probably probably I figured
that boy you know what you tell you you
wanted to answer it seriously it wasn't
it wasn't phrased very comically no so
just in case I decided to handle that
seriously I'm sorry
cuz arranged marriage exists they still
do absolutely I have a couple friends
yeah yep a couple friends from from
India and they you know they they have
been paraded around both sexes you know
that parade you know the the parents
they parade around the men they parade
around the women they try to find they
yeah yeah that's just their culture and
you know they say that arranged
marriages have an incredibly high
success rate as far as divorce is
concerned because that's the culture
yeah they have a bathe in places with
arrangement HIV is a commitment that's
fuckin well it's not just a commitment
like it also limits the things you're
able to do yeah with with your with your
partner limits the family that you might
want it limits a lot of things that's a
lot to ask of somebody if you're not
actually in love right to begin with
yeah but if you are then then then you
might consider that yes what is what is
uh what is Dan Savage stated like if
Karen got AIDS through like some kind of
like botched transfusion I wouldn't dump
her right right of course not the the
price of admission
according to love columnist damage dan
Savage is it worth the price of
admission in this case the price of
admission
AIDS or HIV which is in HIV or AIDS I
forget
my question is how did she get HIV
that's a fair question I mean that's not
for us to ask who cares how she got it
maybe she was doing aid work aid work
thanks
she held hands with somebody who had
AIDS trader of top trader Todd's each
one says hard for oh Jesus
I would play the dark crusade campaign
with a list of units by my side I would
pause the game and strike out for unit
whenever one would die well that sounds
awfully tedious because real-time
strategy games aren't designed for that
kind of shit
whereas turn-based games actually are
designed for that kind of shit and you
can't play an RTS like pausing it
constantly makes it the same as a
turn-based game no they're there they
work differently I'm sorry I'm sorry and
I know this person is just fucking with
me now but I had to say that one would
die and I succeeded got sloppy with the
last level but nobody doesn't par 5
that's a par 5 Jack that's a par 5
that's fine
Caucasian Gary says howdy jack and rich
sending ten Canada bucks to celebrate my
first time watching live while legally
being able to drink
hey welcome my Wi-Fi is so slow I'll
probably miss you reading this oh fuck
my Dookie hole that's fine thank you
hopefully depending on what part of
Canada you and I think right now is the
there's a big Film Fest in Canada
happening mm-hmm a lot of a lot of films
being showed siting stuff is going on in
the way of the cinnamon Canada traitor
Todd zine says part 5 o sheep in the end
the casualty list was not bad except the
survival rate for veterans 26 / 40
assault veteran 16 / 30 and Scouts 13 /
30 otherwise but otherwise regular
Marines were 149 / 180 and tanks were 11
16 sounds very exciting
I can't wait does not play for one or
two trader Todd zj-- says part six final
Wow last part dreadknots yes and i like
yes we'll try again without saves and
with other handicaps if it's happening
cuz last cut scene in game mentions 100
Marines I could have used dumb wiki
failed me okay you said all those things
those things we appreciate a Tomic
mousetrap says seriously though monkey
but monkey Butler or gorilla show for
sure fur refer the gorillas uniform
comes with a flat cap gorilla shiver
from the monkey Butler well the girls
ship furs going to hit you killed either
by crashing the fucking car because it's
a gorilla or by crushing your skull
because it's a gorilla you have to
assume
a gorilla chauffeur knows how to be a
chauffeur and just like you have to
assume that it's a fucking gorilla I'm
gonna sue it can't drive so what you
would rather have a monkey do rockin
around your house it's better than dying
in a car accident caused by a gorilla
who doesn't know how to drive a car then
just lock him in the car you don't need
to get chauffeured anywhere I am
assuming that a gorilla chauffeur knows
how to drive and a monkey Butler knows
how to bump you're gonna have to take
care of that gorilla sooner or later and
I don't know any zookeepers that's okay
I know some people with rifles Harambee
uh no of course gorilla chauffeur that's
the the American dream now is to have a
chauffeur that's why we like automated
cars all anyone wants is a chauffeur the
rib Steele says is we're hammer
vermintide on your sunday list no it's
not the sci-fi version of Warhammer it's
not an RTS it's a first-person stabber
set in the Middle Ages
oh man key Germany fighting mutant rat
men I don't know what first-person
stabbers I usually don't want to over
melee melee in the first person that's
tough yeah so here here we have rich you
see this Frankie I forgot you're playing
this that is just a Pokemon that is not
a different name that is not a different
sprite that is not a different anything
that is a straight they left their
favorites maybe whatever I give the Flex
great
Daniel from SL says pyrite is not right
with me perfective it don't get the
bitches you see gold is better makes
pussy wetter so pyrite is not right by
me okay I like the second person I'm
gonna push
trader Todd zine says no was not messing
with you just telling about my excessive
dirtiness it's fine it's fine you enjoy
the game that you like and that's fine
we make fun of people and things and all
the time it's fine
everything everything fine it's just
you're gonna have a your fight now
uphill fucking battle if you want to get
me interested in an RTS pill battle mmm
thank you for your paycation that last
trip says i love you so much rich thank
you you're welcome
just for just for being you and a
politician oh you're welcome
you can't point never points point
pointing is rude use your whole hand or
like I've always been a fan of the thumb
in fists point because somehow like it
shows I used to have a pencil in there
or something no well that was Bob Dole
because he had the weird hands oh yeah
he had like the the gimpy hands yeah
yeah but like I've always thought this
is weird like you're just pointing a
fist in someone it looks good like when
they're on TV yeah but if you think
about the mechanic like just you know
you know it's fine it looks good on TV
straight eyes it's never straight up
right it's definite just out here yeah
pointy because pointing is rude they
don't do it like look over there while
doing this they don't do it exactly
exactly
gamer child UK says speaking of gorillas
what are your thoughts and Hammurabi's
murderer if I couldn't okay they had to
he was he was mulling a three-year-old
child they made the right intentionally
or not he was balling a three-year-old
child and you know what the humans life
comes first they made the right call and
then they tried to appeal to the
Internet's humanity and just be like
listen we loved this monkey we were
caring for this monkey and now he's a
joke to everyone they're not making fun
of the zoo they're making fun of the
people who are outraged Oh still but
like the zoo is still like this monkey
like zookeepers I am told genuinely care
about their animals yeah of course they
might hope so right you don't work at a
zoo because you hate it exactly and so
like poor this poor zoo was just like
stop stop making fun of our girl you
know or stop like making our gorilla
thing because we we lost our gorilla and
then you know the Internet's is full of
dick bags the Ridulph still says it's
the only first-person stabber I know
with smooth gameplay and most of the
weapons are big fucking axes slash
swords with big sweeps also it's fun to
kill a city of Master Splinter's know
like Master Splinter
you don't want to kill master master
suppose this guy
g-man Harmon says hijack and rich hello
just wanted to thank you for all you do
and to let you know I enjoyed space cops
so much I named my salt and sanctuary
character Holden after the joke in the
scene with chiki chiki chiki chiki likes
chips it's great first time I've seen
his name in print it's why I had a
stutter jjigae GK who like chips Oh jig
like guy says if you're curious it's
about half normal Pokemon and half a new
Pokemon well you know what they might
have had a case against Nintendo for
fitting them down if it was a whole new
pokemon but yeah if this just
straight-up has real Pokemon in and come
on guys tell me you ran out ideas you
ran out of Pokemon ideas it's a fan
thing they wanted to keep the ones they
like you can I guess whatever like
that's that's the real joy of like the
pokemons is seeing all the different
stuff seeing all the new stuff Holden
how is this different from Star Trek fan
films then this isn't it isn't we
written I invert and I both agree that
the Star Trek fan film should not be
charging they shouldn't yes yeah yes no
I love me some Star Trek continues then
I don't know if they managed to work out
a deal with Paramount III it looks like
they had a new episode posted the other
day a Star Trek continues really yeah
maybe they're not dead
what it'd be great yeah by me has
anybody heard anything about Star Trek
continues like did they did they manage
to work something out with Paramount or
are they just tempting fate by releasing
yeah that's the thing Jenna fan it like
it looks like they're a real Pokemon in
here so yeah of course Nintendo would
take that down Siberia skirt you're
saying they aren't charging they're free
this is free so why I intend to win the
right and paramount CBS not I I never
said that endo was in the right for
banning this I never made that claim I
don't think I did either I'm sorry if
that's like if it seemed like no
Nintendo is perfectly within their right
to ask the creators of a Pokemon game
not to put out a Pokemon game I don't
mind that they made it though I think
Nintendo's just I don't know what the
but it's it's tough like we're reaching
this point with Nintendo and with Star
Trek like Star Trek we just had the 50th
anniversary where it's like you've been
part of the culture for so long
you should let your fans do your fan
thing also with the creators of this
with some simple palette swaps and some
name changes they could have charged for
this game if it is a full Pokemon game
so it's just shocking to me that they
wouldn't want to like change a few words
and call it pokey man you know poke the
man or whatever no Nintendo and and
paramount are perfectly well within
their right Nintendo kind of hash to for
precedence I get that
I'd get that but I'm not personally
offended by this well neither am i
personally offended by the the Star Trek
series yes it's just you know the only
problem with Star Trek fan films that
antics are pushed it too far and
Paramount had to do something their hand
was forced I don't know this is hurting
Nintendo's bottom line in any way shape
or form no it's not but again they do
have to set precedent and it they called
it pokemon uranium you can't you fucking
if you can't do that man you cannot do
that
companies have an obligation to protect
their IP absolutely they do
perhaps a fucking lutely they knew
Jennifer as Jedi fan for 21 it's fine
that they had a crowdfunding campaign to
get funds but I mean paramount recently
put down the the clamps on Star Trek fan
films especially said essentially saying
you couldn't do it you couldn't do at
least what Star Trek continues is doing
how are they still doing it right
Star Trek continues calls itself Star
Trek and legally is covered under fair
use I know that it is that I'm not sure
that it is that sounds like a stretch of
fair use yeah I don't know anything
about Star Trek continues is what I
would say but you never know much one
their quality yeah their quality like
I've seen some Star Trek like fans stuff
before and it's always like yeah so
watch the mirror universe one mm-hmm
it's it's quality okay I'm gonna get
like you remember remember the mirror
episode of the original series probably
not I didn't watch that much easier than
others
oh my god yeah all right all right well
then that won't mean anything to you
they do like a what happened right after
on the the evil Enterprise I'm an I'm a
next-gen guy I started watching with the
next-gen ok about you I don't care about
you know of course Star Trek continues
doesn't count as parody only child it's
not a parody it's not a parody and I
don't believe it's a commentary on Star
Trek it's not for educational uses look
I love it and I would love to see more
of it I'm just not sure legally it's
fair use I I'm gonna go ahead and say
you're right rich again I don't know
anything about it but and as much as I
think it would suck it is ultimately
Paramount's IP yeah and if they put the
they decide to put the fuck down as much
as that would suck legally I think that
might be their call absolutely
yeah that's absolutely their call rich
is there anything that still gets you
excited what I mean what somebody asking
me this
oh I think just in general like is there
any is there anything I can only assume
they mean pop culture-wise well I was
excited when I found out there was a new
Star Trek continues because I thought it
was bad because paramount coming down
and FanDuel it what are you looking
forward to coming up rich what are you
looking forward to anything I'm looking
forward to Luke Cage yeah I know not you
I am I am looks great ash vs. Evil Dead
Season 2 eventually stranger things
season 2 oh yeah oh
oh yeah new black mirror new orphan
black - coming out and I'm excited about
then future famous person says nice
review Jack hey you you should consider
doing one on a video game movie also
gobble me hook burp my baby Hyde McCain
case my sausage and rich my Evans
hahahaha your stink on my dink nice you
know I have some things to say about
video game movies but not a whole lot I
could talk about Super Mario Brothers
movie for a while
shit Doug hey it's all about the
Washington oh that's so sad
says is josue is Josh replacing
undertale will you ever finish off
undertale no will you ever finish off in
quotes Josh the guy looked pretty
stressed out during the last review all
I'm saying oh I get it we just I just
saw Josh last night and he was talking
about streams
I was like man any time you want to come
I like I know he works a lot now and so
he's that man is just busy but he knows
he is invited here any time and I made
sure to devil tell him that he was
invited here any time Lana says friend
got a GF eight years older than him 30
girlfriend yep well I thought that was
obvious I need to elaborate on that I
didn't I didn't pick up friend got a
girlfriend yeah eight years older than
him 38 years older emotional wreck Kai's
Christ constantly about getting older
family treats are like a 12 year old
insane mom friend is dumb what would you
do if you were me sorry but your friend
live his own life be there for your
friend if your friend needs you tell him
calmly what you think is wrong with a
relationship why it might not work and
then let him make his own decisions in
life yeah and and be there if your
friend needs you but you know also like
don't go out of your way for your friend
if like if they're getting you know
sucked in to the to the situation you
got to let them fail it's the most
powerful lesson let them fail fuckin
manky
people have done worse things to ruin
their life than dating a woman who was
slightly older and insecure about it
Loveline with Jack and Ridge that's
right tell us all your problems no it's
fine give us all the dirt only chances
hi rich did you watch the Chicago Bears
lose its sports ball today
the Packers sports bald much better and
one
I'm so happy at sports balls season lol
sport my ball it is sports ball season
that's true I don't really give a fuck
about the NFL I find all the goddamn
Packer fans are totally obnoxious cuz
they can't deal with you not being a
Packer fans so they're typically
assholes yeah other than that I don't
give a shit I know the Bears are gonna
lose every game this year cuz the Bears
fuckin suck that's that's the price of
having Jay Cutler on your team whatever
you're not you're not getting to me with
that
g-shot says hijack and rich hello jack
hi did you ever play the pocket Morty's
app I saw that they made a Rick and
Morty Pokemon game yeah where instead of
catching pokémon you catch different
Morty's and I think I heard about that I
thought it was just a joke I don't know
was an actual oh it's an actor thing and
it's actually supposed to be a decent
Pokemon come on Adult Swim is coming out
with like ooh some pretty good free
games recently I have not played it just
because I have real Pokemon to play so I
don't I don't need no Rick and Morty app
they'll say also oh well fornicate with
my male genitalia oh you know what get
in scientific with it that's fine that's
classier than we've been denied I like
this one look at this thing it's a
little ball with bat wings in a tail
that's great
that's a make a Pokemon you just shove
random shit together just look at that
random shit shove together put a smiley
face on it that's a Pokemon that's great
that's great
Oh Aaron Jim's 15 says I love what you
and the red letter media crew are doing
keep up the good work
what are your opinions of overwatch and
do you think it will be more successful
than tf2 Jack this is a question built
for you well I'm you know what and I
stopped paying attention a little bit
yes what do you think overwatch and will
it suppress you have to overwatch is
great overwatch is a fantastic game will
it will it over Pat you know will it be
more successful
it was the actual phrasing it'll be more
successful than tf2 that's a fair coin
op because there's still a pretty strong
tf2 community really yep I thought it
was dying
it's lost its lost a lot of users
overwatch is trying to bring them in but
overwatch has a problem that tf2 didn't
have which is just getting the users
there in the first place yeah cuz it's
50 bucks because it's 50 bucks I played
it yeah it was mildly fun a bit of a
clusterfuck yeah not to forget my kind
of thing I
you know what if it were free I probably
would have installed it they'd play more
of it yep and they must wait and they
did this weekend is actually for Xbox
one and ps4 is a free weekend yeah
but they they haven't opened up the
servers they won't let cross play you
know like you know with rocket League a
ps4 person can play with a steam person
and that just opens up the user base
just they don't want people bitching
because they're getting their asses
kicked by people using a mouse that's
literally what they said yeah that is a
word for that is word for word what
Blizzard said and I understand that but
you need to you need to open up the user
base and I but it's also so hard when
did tf2 come out fucking 2006 uh-huh so
tf2 is still has a thriving community
ten years after it came out there's no
way to accurately say I personally am
having more fun with overwatch I want
some more maps yeah but I like all of
the different I like all the different
characters rather than the characters
and different abilities seemed a lot
more interesting to me yes
I prefer picking different characters
than picking different weapons in tf2 so
I like a better bud I know it's done
alright it's done well but Brett you
spent $60 on no man's sky
that was a fucking work expense it's not
the same damn thing
tf2 now is not like tf2 2007 right and
the user base has dwindled but they're
still there look up look up steam charts
right now tell me if it's in the top 5
tf2 is probably still in the top 5 games
being played on Steam right now
trader top zine says hey hell no don't
want you to be playing RTS don't you
feel the central appeal anyway want you
to play D down over to isometric action
RPG but it's no biggie what you do
combat is more like Baldur's Gate I
think I might look into it someday but I
guess there's like I really want to get
into Deus Ex and after that I want to
replay the thief's that in my ideal
world that is the order I go in but I
have like a houseguest now who's gonna
be sitting over my shoulder all the time
it's just gonna be weird playing
anything he's there just sitting on the
couch with nothing else to do because I
live in a fucking one-bedroom apartment
right
it's not no one the fuck I would get
around to it but thank you thank you for
the suggestion honnestly oh he's not
watching that'd be weird
Oh there could be great go home I'm
sorry anything just goes pennies on the
street I feel terrible no win there's no
win there's no win rich I'm sorry that
you have been win
is that a bad stress she's not typically
a deadbeat I want to give the wrong
impression they don't know who your
houseguest is you don't you don't have
to say anything may have said something
last room so Oh
how about that I don't know
all right uh the rule of Steel says I
used to work at a zoo a few years ago
and recently I learned one of our
keepers got mauled by a tiger when she
messed up procedure zoo tranquilized the
endanger animal hashtag Hammurabi harp
Harambee yes sir Harambee yeah okay okay
well you you can't keep around an animal
that has experience killing a human
because they might do it again
endangered or not human life is is is
kind of valuable to more so than and
unless the animal is feeding a hundred
humans the human life is gonna win man
that's how is how it works I had a job
at a zoo where I was a fire sprinkler
fitter and I heard a story about a
zookeeper that got castrated by an angry
kangaroo sounds horrible Claude in
exactly the wrong spot sure yeah sure
Jesus Christ that makes my ass hole
puckers rich I'm just thinking about
that I feel uncomfortable at this moment
when in there like during mating season
yeah supposedly was not pretty no no why
why I tell that story because you people
will love animals so fucking much I
think you need to know about how
horrible they could be that's why I like
that story you ever like at videos
online of like Tigers trying to eat
small children through the glass yeah
it's great
Anonymous's love the show
do you like filming outdoors or do you
prefer your inside job and of all the
places in the world would you ever trade
or Earlham is currently centered peace
out you know you don't get it you know
get it oh I guess okay I needed to see
the words what you said I like I kinda
yeah I'm half paying attention and so I
knew I knew you were doing something but
I couldn't hear it right away oh yeah
yeah
alright well we had her are you enjoying
this mindlessness I really have I could
do this I could do this all day
Caucasian Gary's is rich and Jack but
probably just rich opinions on the
system shot games I recently gave System
Shock one enhanced edition of shop and I
have been totally loving it
laugh out loud poopy Dukey fuck my
Cartman that's another one of those
games I should play but haven't system
shot yeah I know you see the second one
I hear is really good
and wasn't um Bioshock kind of like a
spiritual successor to that yeah I know
there's Ken Levine is the common thread
oh okay
yeah didn't play it that was a PC game
right yeah yeah I definitely didn't play
it for one of those I know I should I'll
get around with some day but there's so
many fucking games in this world
Brian chanel says have you guys seen the
Charlie Booker's how video games changed
the world if not it's definitely more
than our of your time I have not seen it
I heard of it what is it who did it how
video games change the world
is it a Charlie Brooker is it a movie is
a web series it sounds like some kind of
documentary is how it sounds
okay great
video games changed the world or
inspector is got a video games period
this man also made Deus Ex to invisible
war and thief 3 so captain jerk says hi
Richard Jack captain
jerk if you could wipe your memory of
one game to experience it for the first
time again what would it be good
question I have I have two thoughts yeah
imagine knowing all you know about video
games now and then playing without any
knowledge of it like Super Mario World
and like you all knowledge of all Mario
games has been wiped out of your brain
okay
mm-hm and you know all the current
modern games and then you play Super
Mario World for the first time again
yeah it seemed pretty bland right yep
but still colorful still like it still
might be considered a good platformer
there's no way of knowing anywhere just
because it's such a classic but the best
games are naturally replayable and you
don't need to have your memory wipe to
enjoy them again in fact perfecting them
in itself can be fun yeah I think going
back to Super Mario World would be
interesting memory erased so you could
just ruin Super Mario World for you
that's all you want to do or it might
make me well you know let's say at the
end of the experiment all memories
return okay okay you know but then you
can think about like how you felt about
that game maybe maybe something like I'd
love to I'd love to go through Shadow of
the Colossus again right and just
remember that all that all I had
oh yeah like um like Wind Waker again
yeah that was a good I actually I just
want I can enjoy those again I don't
need my memory white that was by the way
I was just like Wind Waker I just want
to play again now that I think about it
anyway but the memory wipe is is
redundant well that's why I was thinking
something like Super Mario World
something that's just such a classic
removing that as a classic and playing
that as if it were a new game would be
very interesting black spotted zebra if
you want to re-experience dark souls
again then just fucking play Dark Souls
no no but like I get what I get what
they're saying rich because like we
could play blood-borne now and we know
all the things already but like the
process of learning how to play a game
like that like Dark Souls it's that's a
great experience and I think like
learning how to play blood-borne was uh
was part of the game i I prefer I prefer
perfecting it that comes after I do yeah
I legitimately do yeah I love that
journey man um oh sorry sorry it wasn't
right I was just gonna kind of repeat
what I say it's so good no I lost track
what I was gonna say just say something
to somebody and I'll never remember what
it was oh I'm very sorry it's weird how
quickly that got knocked out of my
goddamn mind
oh god damn I can't find it I'm sure it
might have been an original thought to
which case I'll never remember it we're
talking about Dark Souls we were talking
about you were talking about it for you
it's about perfecting not learning
somebody in the chat but the craziest
speedrun I ever saw was okay craziest
speedrun somebody speed ran crypt of the
necrodancer with Kota you showed that to
me that was the most insane thing I've
ever seen
agreed absolutely insane Kota you can't
miss a beat you can only use the dagger
die in one hit
unbelievable unfuck it white and all it
runs it twice the normal speed yeah
humble
un-fuckin'-believable it almost looks
like it's an animation like you watch
that Dakota see yeah it's like oh they
just programmed it but it's still fun to
watch the programming oh they didn't
program it they played it yeah I think
it was code or whatever the whatever the
final unlockable is encrypted the
necrodancer it's a character the
characters all have different things
going on Nick met Nicholas Mullen once
to know if this game is as fun as any of
the original Pokemon game yeah some of
it like this is gonna sound dumb but
like these Pokemon don't look as cool
you know like that's a circle with
eyeballs and so yeah it's fine probably
evolved into something really cool
that's what I'm hoping that's what I'm
hoping but it plays just the same and so
I'm enjoying that aspect of it I wish
like I don't have a lot of different
Pokemon and I haven't seen a lot of
different Pokemon yet but I can only see
my will later in the game check you know
music that's some musically speaking
what is it Kota
exactly sothey it's something right I
don't know that kind of music that's
that's like sheet music but that is a
thing a coda yeah somewhat someone in
there
who's a real musician John Keeler you
were a musician I forget
we have people here we have people in
chat who are real musicians that can
tell you what a coda is coda is the
ending yes so it's the final unlockable
character and crypt of the necrodancer
sure the name makes perfect sense now no
koto is when you go back to the
beginning I thought that was a refrain I
know nothing
a coda comes at the end and explains the
it okay
coda means tail well
none of us says please do a full prereq
on over lodge and make rich buy it for
work any game that made Jack buy a new
PC and learn mouse and keyboard this
room belongs on YouTube and might get
rich into online gaming there's that
impossible dream online with Richard
rich already has online games that he
likes
oh my rocket League yeah you know if
he's not including that and even then
the community makes me want to stop
playing sometimes sometimes oh and it's
worse for overwatch there's way more
people on Mike's whatever whenever I run
into a dick playing rocket League I just
started playing against my own team I
start playing for the other teams like
fuck this
oh yeah no like and it like every online
community is the same way but you know
what you get that one game out of ten
everyone's working right you're doing
well your team wins you feel fantastic
right
great times I had a great game this
morning I had a great mercy game this
morning I was I was a fucking heal
maniac great mercy game this morning
fuckin love overwatch and that's true
yeah I get overwatch is what made me
want to learn nothing keyboard and get a
new computer because it's so fucking
good do you play rocket League and ps4
or on PC - only PC I'm have it on ps4
Ivan on ps4 I have it on PC as well I
think someone gifted it to me oh yeah
yeah I kind of either I go back and
forth I think I have more stuff unlocked
on the ps4 so I if I had to play it I'd
play it on the ps4 if I had to choose
one button
I have not tried rocket leagues rumble
mode yet that's the latest DLC they had
free oh it's a little warm with rocks on
it and candy is was that one's too
simple for you no I like him okay I like
him he's a Daryl's camera child you
cases hijack and rich hello
I know Mike and Jay today half of the
bag on this movie but what are your
thoughts on Tarantino's the hateful
eight personally I love the film it's
like a western-style clue I haven't seen
it sorry no I haven't by the way I
haven't seen the last two Tarantino
films yeah I haven't seen hateful eight
and I haven't seen Unchained Twingo
jingo jango Unchained and dancing movies
are great and mango was like the old
like do multiplayer service I think
dango yeah I haven't seen either of them
and I feel really bad that I haven't
seen either of them I'm sure they're
gonna be good I know I know they're
gonna be good and that's why I haven't
gotten around to seeing them because I
know once I see them I'll enjoy them you
know everyone's loving Dwayne Dwayne go
yeah ourselves a Dwayne go over here I
like some of these Pokemon like this guy
this guy with the bat wings hmm the tail
that's a goofy one I like him
the winged yo caesarian part says hey
you goose hello what are your opinions
and some of the older adult swim shows
like Aqua Teen Squidbillies etc yep and
have you ever seen any of their creepy
short film creepy short film things
outside of too many cooks I've never
seen any of their short film things
outside of too many cooks too many cooks
was brilliant didn't you watch unedited
footage of a bear I don't think I did
okay what about what about aqua teen
magazine is great action is great
in short doses yes you know it's a binge
watch aquitaine the movie did not work
yeah Christina in the first movie I like
you know what my house guest was
recently was we're watching that I love
the opening yeah the heavy metal is
heavy well let's go to the lobby yeah
yeah no it has a bunch of great bits but
yeah you cannot hold up oh god I like
early early Adult Swim like Aqua Teen
the Sealab 2021 lab I love Sealab
I like Aquitania shirt doses Harvey
Birdman attorney at law I need to watch
it you need to watch our Bieber minute I
need to watch Harvey Birdman III love
frisky dingo yeah yes frisky dingo is
great frisky dingo was the shit yeah
Metalocalypse great Metalocalypse is
great and kind of Adult Swim Venture
Brothers I don't know if it does or
doesn't but Venture Brothers until
recently it was the best show still on
TV but I didn't care much for the last
season it was average it was
disappointingly average and like
Squidbillies have you ever seen
Squidbillies no never
it is if you if you watch even one
second of it you cannot turn away and
it's not good and it's not bad it's just
constantly strange enough to hold your
attention okay and I find myself a lot
of times like you know if I'm watching a
different Adult Swim show and if
Squidbillies comes in it's like I guess
I'll turn it off and then I just watch
the rest of the episode because it's so
fucking weird and I guess Rick and
Morty's Adult Swim Rick Morty is fucking
great
Rick and Morty is now the best cartoon
comedy yeah there you go
but ya know early early uh adults one
was great I mean you know that's where
we got a lot of tim and eric' stuff I
never watched what did they have before
that Tom goes to the mayor I never wants
to add Tom goes to the mayor knows I
think the first Tim and Eric
for Adult Swim button I think I thought
pickles the dog which I've seen one of I
I can't imagine that joke doesn't last
more than one episode
this is tannic dog I don't know no one I
think so
Tony we board game often right now my
wife and I are currently every single
free twenty minutes we have we are
playing a game of marvel legendary in
fact Richard and I had a thing at my
house that was riches and and rich
wanted to know if you could come over
and get it I said oh sure you come over
but you know if you wanted to come over
and stay for like an hour we could play
game Marvel legendary you could you know
or whatever if you don't want to that's
fine too that's why if you don't want to
where hard hard into Marvel legendary
right now as a fun game and I need to go
back a bit and clarify something I did
not say that Rick and Morty is not the
best animated cartoon on TV I said it is
now the best animated cartoon on TV
after having seen the last season of The
Venture Brothers I think it has been
dethroned oh I used to say The Venture
Brothers was the best thing on TV uh-huh
currently Wow yeah okay I really I
really wasn't in like the last season
even in the end of the the season five
the last few episodes were going
downhill to really I don't know about
the Venture Brothers
Wow that's I mean you know still still
pretty great show overall yeah did not
like last season mm-hmm Rick and Morty
is better than Bojack horseman
I like Bojack horseman Rick and Morty is
better so so Tony I have seen these
several different versions of legendary
all but all we're doing it you know
we're Marvel fans she's a bigger x-men
fan than I am my wife and so we're just
getting all the expansions right now
because we love how the expansions play
together
so we have the guardians expansion we
have Secret Wars and we have
another one I forget them another one we
have so we have a few expansions for
Marvel engineering I've seen the other
legendary rooms and I know there's a DC
not legendary but there's also a DC deck
building game as well but I haven't
heard good things about it so I know the
blood-borne card game is coming out soon
pretty excited about that there at all
I am there that game with that great
gameplay well here's that game without
that gameplay here here's what I my god
fall here's what I'm excited about the
guy who made it also made duelist okay
and duelist is a free-to-play
collectible card game that has grid
based tactical movement and it's a
really good game but the blood-borne
branding is meaningless color color
alright if it's a great game
alright color rich check and rich what
are the worst jobs you guys have ever
had answering your question shit damn
trainer of Z trainer I know rich I got
ten heroes three campaigns and 50
unopened games on GOG to play anyway
rich how was your day hopefully good
yeah it's fine Lloyd beets I do play
duelist I like duelist a lot um I've
been playing a different game recently
but I do like duelist a lot I think it's
a really good game and it's free so
everyone can give it a try give it play
duelist it runs on anything it's
beautiful if you want to talk about a
bad job I think we just talking about
this recently uh the worst job I had was
a telemarketer I was a telemarketer for
a while and it was soul-sucking and I
found out that the place I worked for
was a scam and you just follow the
script day in and day out and they tell
you you have to follow the script yep
you cannot deviate from
script and then they also yell at you
when people don't buy from you and you
go well I followed the script I did you
want me to follow it harder you know it
was a soul-crushing job rich Evans is
saying trader taught zinc instead of
trader to cinch
how the fuck am I supposed to know what
it is each is I see a random string of
letters I'll shove them together and I
figure out as best as I fucking can
I've never heard of a does each who the
fuck would put it t in front of a Z like
that well you're talking about that Zeki
sauce or however you pronounce it a hero
The Dude's a key that's that bad has a T
in front of a city so maybe you have to
take back your like a Tsar that's TZ
yeah you'd smell that cz AR I've never
seen that you can suppose our different
ways Jack I I would say traded as each I
would I would suit assume that the T is
silent well why the fuck have the
fucking T there at all maybe that's a
it's a family name get rid of all these
silent letters we don't need them I
agree they're wasting space I agree you
know what else we don't need the letter
C how much printing ink we could save
right right it's tragic
all that energy wasted the type is a
useless fucking letter Wow
yeah how much wattage of energy is
wasted when you hit a keyboard key how
much how much like you personal letters
or they're killing the environment Jack
oh is it like how much energy is your
computer you know G is an extra key sure
and then like how much time does it take
you're like a fraction of a second right
but you add that up in a day that's
maybe like a minute a minute of your
life typing letters that no one will
pronounce anyway the silent letters are
destroying the earth you add that up
that's like an hour every month that's
an hour every month you could be getting
other work than we're losing
productivity what what's what's the
carbon imprint on czar yes T yeah what
is that carbon imprint no I'm with you
I'm with you
footprint imprint footprints footprint I
said imprint ago fucking moron
that's what just happened anonymous says
Jack I'm G I'm Jack a while ago on a
stream yeah you mentioned liking Robyn
with a wire thank you what look who's I
am Harlock on doulas yes if you still
listen to her
we should Rob it Oh liking that yes
Robin the singer okay yeah if you still
was nerve you should check out the knife
Fever Ray wakes up and I think I've
heard I am a me wha me I think I've
heard good night oh thanks for the show
yeah I like girly pop I like girly dance
pop and I think I've listened to the
knife before oh yeah I love all that
stuff I love it out the off switch says
I'm from Europe so I don't understand
your customs here is two bucks for some
9/11 cake Charlie Brooker is the writer
of Black Mirror his documentaries are
very funny yet insightful like rlm 9/11
cake I kind of made my day happy 9/11
everyone oh man oh man sorry sorry whoo
that tickled I have tickled the right
the very funny bone they're part a
couple of 9/11 jokes today yeah they
just fell flat would you would you say
that crumbled one right after the other
Oh Jack I didn't mean it like that
oh you're horrible
you know I am oh I don't know who I
stole it from but I flat-out stole that
from somebody yeah I'd love to give
credit but I don't remember who the fuck
said yeah I'd love I'd love to get him
credit but I obviously don't care that
much if you think about it
collecting data says me and my fellow
nerdy lady friends are trying to decide
on a zombie costume theme for this
year's Des Moines Zombie Walk any ideas
lol kiss my cunt I you could always do
Marvel Zombies because then you have
reference material yeah like I like some
of the looks of Marvel Zombies I think a
zombie walk though should be an everyday
kind of thing but then then you're
blending in with a sea of every year
what's your dress like a fictional like
Marvel superhero zombie you're ruining
the am be the zombie walks gotta look
like an actual zombie apocalypse
breaking on you can't you can't have
fictional fucking characters running
around in their jelly does that walks
like that is the whole you go to bars
and you walk like zombies and you all
look at each other's outfit no one does
it goes it goes as a baseball team I
don't I don't I don't know oh that's fun
like yeah yeah a real life group yeah
that's maybe and that's maybe my greater
point is you need a costume - you can't
just wear like ripped up clothes because
like you know zombie police officers
savvy police officers that'll be fun
waitresses like 50s diner oh yeah oh you
could wear rollerskates
you could be roller skate zombie
waitresses weird that'd be fun that
would be fun okay clowns other clown
zombies over time yeah way overdone
overplayed zombie nuns oh that could be
fun
I like it but oh but - what black that
Bloods not gonna show up very well
you're totally right yeah yeah totally
right so for practical reasons well for
more fun reasons like you want you need
a lot of blood you want a lot of blood
job zombie strippers Wow I mean that'd
be fun for everyone else it might be
cold out for a miserable experience I
wouldn't recommend it but for everyone
else you'll be there you'll be the hit
of the party
you want a drink for free that night
yeah did you find a zombie stripper
attractive well I'm and you call him a
zipper for short zombie stripper a
zipper um
I mean an actual zombies a stripper no
but someone who has body paint on a
nearly naked body sure body paint and
prosthetics ruin the stripper effect
yeah you know what if done well I could
get into it no favorite customer I hate
when people do that when people go as
like zombie recently dead celebrities
that's just tasteless mm-hmm whatever
I'm just saying be tasteless if you want
personally I don't like that or it's
like kemon it's not a good group theme
unless you have a whole group of famous
celebrities that died well and then you
know of course like just getting across
the point of who you are yeah where it's
like how are you gonna how you gonna be
Alan Rickman zombie Alan Rickman right
and did Alan Rickman really died to
dress like Snape right oh no he did not
no he did not
yep
a bitch
in it
madam says any love for Knights of the
Old Republic one-and two-and either have
you tried the over public mmm Oh nope
nope I'm not big enough at a Star Wars
to work up Cara
I don't like those kind of games I've
played a little bit of it and didn't
like it and it actually soured me on all
Bioware games so boom Nico :
hey guys a tip to say hello hello and a
question okay between Batman V Superman
the animated Killing Joke and Jared Leto
Joker is 2016 possibly the worst year
for Batman Batman survived a lot where I
don't know this is the worst he survived
nightfall which was a crappy story well
that was a big event that's a crappy
story where we are at a low point right
now but with a flick movie on the
horizon there is light it's always
darkest before the dawn which is never
true no saying that I really hate
because it gets incrementally later was
a flick was a fine man and he has a lot
of control in his movie the death stroke
is it could be a fun villain so yes
Batman is at a low point and and like
I've said Jared Leto's Joker it's like a
palate cleanser hmm see you kind of
really like the next Joker who's still
not as good as Heath Ledger but always a
whole lot better than Jared Leto and you
don't notice he's not as good as Heath
Ledger anymore I love that that thinking
rich it's hard on these targets before
that a palate cleanser joke yeah
the Deathstroke has ever been in good
bit that your sentence makes no sense
he'll burn me how I'm sorry but it could
be interesting and Affleck was a good
Batman
maybe he'll continue to be a good Batman
maybe he won't camera showed you cases
hijack and rich hello in fact okay how
are you done from 1986 was the first
major feature film of a Marvel property
that's true a nice torchbearer right
thanks George Lucas personally is a cult
film it's in my heart I don't a lot of
people I didn't mind
Howard oh yeah it's been a while since
I've seen it I think when I was younger
I can have no strong feelings on Howard
the Duck I like it in the end when he
fights the monster is a great monster I
don't know okay okay I remember it's
been so long rich and I actually like
the Howard the Duck comics well yeah
those are absurd yeah but that that
doesn't really have much bearing on the
film right Joerg lund says hey rich I
know how much you love RTS games so you
might want to give world of warships a
try the carriers are played as RTS and
the other ships are fps and it's
free-to-play you fucks get right on that
you're right on right on
Richard he's already downloading in
world of warships
are you liking this game I am I am but I
really like Pokemon games but I am also
ready to be done so if you are caught up
on time I'm just gonna finish this fight
and then I'm totally ready to be done
okay
you're fighting that perfectly normal
Pokemon that you've seen dozens of times
before
right this isn't a good fight to end on
but uh I stayed a little too late last
night so I'm starting to freak out a
little I think you guys know oh my god I
know Johnson I didn't he was like 1:00
in the morning 1:30 in the morning
was it weird that I left with karen a
little bit early no that's not works she
didn't know anybody there you weren't
the first to leave or were you through
yeah oh no sir after ourselves okay no
no no that's how it works ago you eat
you hang out a little bit see what Sears
feel have been awkward I could tell oh
yeah Wow what happened no one I don't
know no I stopped paying attention um no
no it was fine yeah we just stayed away
too late what happened last night the
orgy the era el amor G the yearly
bi-yearly by if you know what I mean hey
it was weird
as sometimes happens we all hung out
together and did not film it which I
know is strange for for most people
involved button what's that it wasn't a
9/11 party from where I was last night
which wasn't I
wowser
celebrating the fact that we didn't get
caught
oh fuck what the fuck it's a black sheep
ah fuck I didn't know he's a fighting
type
we played GG we played devil Ginga G
Burger King says Jack what what Oh God
it took me too long to get that one I
got it oh it took you really long to get
it
double Ginga then you would have two
towers of Jenga you fucks that's great
whoever said that thank you thank you
that's great anonymous oh hey rich are
you still still planning on are you
still planning to play elite dangerous
at some point suddenly want to try and
massive squadron shootout in space yes
but as I said there there are five games
that I would like to play book the head
of it at least at least and all those
type games are like 40 hours long and
then probably what I'm going to have to
play we will have to play one previously
recorded I would like to make a new
video soon I have an idea for one that
I'd like to do a video on I've been I
don't want them to replay them for four
years the thief games what time I
finally you know deus ex kind of kicked
me in the butt a bit yeah I really
should just add on and do it yeah yeah I
have some I've one idea for like a show
that's not a classic video game but it's
an older one something I'd like to talk
about and then I haven't knew it this
new show ID I'll go and I'll go in with
you after we're done here
but uh I'm ready all right
oh good another thing the things on the
thing that you have to click on sweater
hey did you not turn the Twitter on it
is on we've been connected for three
hours and 13 minutes oh we've already
need a newer version oh sorry guys
there's so many one on this hard drive
that's all on me that's all I'm rich get
it out get it here rich yeah yeah what
do you do you can't see this we I've
gone to do back to window seven
exclamation point
but that means all my shit is wrong
wrongly setup is it exclamation point
subs the other way around easy enough to
get there it is one openurl it's gonna
open right in front of the game so you
guys can all see it I'll move it over
or you just turn off the window in the
OBS sure I'm not a robot submit whoa
okay here it is here it is alright well
this is the point in the in the evening
in which we thank all the people who
subscribe to us during this broadcast
yeah what I have to hold on oh you have
just a magnifier
well now that's in the middle of the
game in the middle of the game
yeah window whoa I kind of love that
okay great
okay we are now ready to thank this
obscure who subscribe to us during this
broadcast like mega biotic frog welcome
Shana's mmm teabag for glory half man's
half cat nice neckbeard the great
Nazzaro favorite customer and favorite
customers wants us to stay radical dudes
telling on 25 fucking months in a row
rich I can see this would be a miserable
night for you that's fine it's been fine
been fine hometown markup 25 fucking
months in a row so low 56 7 if this is
crew if this subscription was a
pregnancy I would be over it G shops
twenty four fucking months in a row G
shot says two years holy crud I need to
get a life thanks for all the great
dreams hey Thank You G shots the real
neck boy oh my god and Bunga dug twenty
four fucking months in a row Bunga Doug
says Jimmy the jams until all the
skeletons are removed me I'll be on the
roof hunkering down got all the memes
clone 2727 the og means yes
hopefully rich can get over his hate for
point-and-click adventures you saw
police quest three goddamnit
heck frogs say what Qatar stars says ah
yes mall blart mall cop paul blart mall
cop pulled paul blart alarm alcohol cop
brain VX 135 finally get to resub t
mantis brawn 80 men
lakyn 14 months in a row Allah says
always enjoy your streams love the
conversations I'm working in a
story-driven VR experience at the moment
have you guys had a chance to try VR yet
we have not Biffle bottom is twenty six
fucking months in a row holy moly
beyond infinite just what I asked how
amazing it is to make a living playing
video games and corralling nerds LOL
farc my dark it is amazing
a lot of nerd crowling lot of you know
all you all y'all very comically large
amount of nerd corralling their kids
need it's great that's great we have a
great time that was beyond infinitely
slow you got lloyd beats twenty four
fucking months in a row two years
bitches what
striker one one to one sixteen months in
a row 16 months with you turkeys Wow 200
and you're Ellen Oh PO Hoopoe how do you
how do you say PO and beer I think I
think it's Josue Edgar Allen hope Oh I'd
prefer O's ed growl and a ho
Edgar Allen hope Oh two days from
retirement types an emoji greater than
three
I don't understand it less than less
than three that's a heart Jack it's a
fucking heart no I think it's a button
you're just fucking with me
JJ Shekar says some motherfuckers are
always trying to ice-skate uphill
motherfuckers I was trying to be ice
skating I got a thing o jerkwad live
thanks it's all about the Washington
yeah
no no just one all about the Washington
Ernst
Ernests Con 22 fucking months in a row
Ernest Kahn says don't believe the hype
a rusty venture in the name molt a rusty
venture is the name for when you jerk
off your dick and so much your dick gets
all red a rusty venture and sore
is that a venture brothers yeah okay
great someone was saying his name was a
sex act
oh the rusty venture yeah they're all
trying to they all heard of it but
they're trying to remember what the AG
actually was there was a lot of it's
kind of like the aristocrats everyone
had their description for what the rusty
venture was yeah yeah I like that that's
a good it's a good dirty joke to make is
the aristocrats this thing where they
