Nov 6, 2016
FTL: Faster Than Light
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/102148914
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/102154414
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JN-41C9XxII
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4vdOJItmi5E
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/795347060161728512

[Part I]
it's on to add it I to add it all over
the place it's on it's dune we in Canada
its woman we are very close to being on
time rich yes we are two minutes late
for the stream and I feel really great
about that that's fine everything's
great everything's friggin great we are
super on top of things it big oh wait
did we update the name of the game
knowing oh I'm so sorry for everyone who
got the email where were 90 percent on
top o like 95 percent on top of it rich
gosh darnit halcyon six six six six man
I feel terrible
we were we were really we were really
close to being on top of it and update
update and we're updated great alright
grace some people keep telling us we
need to play I am this is a this is a
game that apparently is very much like a
mash-up of FTL and XCOM that's how it
was pitched to us rich mmhmm yeah
woah it's also very loud yeah
it's a loud game is it is it
it's about half of us global or hey Edie
it's too rich we forgot something else
did you see what we were yeah oh man we
wanted to start on time we tried we
tried that was our downfall was caring
our downfall was caring another awful
indie game it could be a good indie game
we don't know we don't know what kind of
game is gonna be and I'll be fine it'll
be fine this is a this is you know I see
people saying this is gonna be a jak
game this is I think a rich game this is
a strategy game I don't I don't normal
difficulty and main campaign start well
you're on commander difficulty that's
just right in the middle okay
that's right in the friggin little your
that's the normal okay that's fine look
you're supposed to start with it's the
normal I'm sorry
great boohoo caring great hi everybody
welcome welcome so rich you watched the
baseballs on Wednesday a little bit you
guys a little bit of baseball I know
that the Cubs have one okay and and
people assumed that you were gonna be
really you were gonna care a lot about
that I don't care at all great perfect I
think that's perfect
why should I care I'm not a Cubs fan
because you're not a Cubs fan people do
care that I wear a white sox head even
though I've been wearing a White Sox hat
on camera since we've been doing things
on camera yeah it's been in my rotation
of hats but I don't know ma'am traitor
to Zeke says more seriously oh wait
sorry rich Jack aren't you supposed to
have played every game in existence by
now especially the ones I like
if not you can start with Donna for two
and heroes 3 better get going traitor
thanks to try to diss each more
seriously what have you been up to what
games have you been playing have you had
a good week I have an excellent sc2
blizzcon finals how hard did Jay screw
you over with the best of the worst
editing that's a lot of questions rich
how you been have you been going through
feaf you've been wanting to play thief
you know why it's just I got distracted
this is fucking you had a plan I know I
did you had up no I did fuck it
oh no the plan was to do an episode but
you were getting like seasick from thief
i got motion sick with thief and and i
did download and then Gears of War 4
made me want to play vanquish like big
time so my plan is just whatever yeah
where Micra where Microsoft bashers and
sony fanboys apparently apparently is
that really true
come a few comments because we're are
sony fanboys because we you know we were
so kind to uncharted 4 and the order
right we're very kind to those games you
know what well they pay those were
they paid us so much money to be kind to
those games you see it's that's my real
me like it's not the Microsoft wind 10
store sucks it's it's it's it's not that
Gears of War 4 is a bland Gears of War
game oh we also hate all third person
shooters we have an irrational hatred of
third-person shooters though we spent
the majority of that episode talking
about a great third-person shooter
vanquish which is like one of my
favorite games of all time oh and it's
the third-person shooter oh and I like
gears 1 & 2 & and we spent a lot of that
ups was saying how much we loved Gears
of War 1 but no we hate out there and
and they're much more there they're much
deeper games third-person shooters than
those platformers we loved so much oh
sure when when was the last time I even
talked about a platform right we've I
want to say on the show in general we've
only reviewed one platform or guacamelee
that's it like a brawler platform right
in my mind that's that's 90% brawler
right but I'm saying that's the only one
we've ever done on the show I don't
understand people and how they can be so
willfully stupid willfully yeah yeah I
don't think you can accidentally be that
stupid
you think they have to try for ever you
have to try to be that stupid
by the way then congratulations there
they're working at it they're working at
it but so I after my first run of
playing thief I got really bad motion
sickness and I was very confusing that
because I play a ton of first-person
games and I looked into it and
apparently some people had a problem
with the thief game because of the older
textures and because you couldn't change
the field of view the chat told me about
TF or T fix and did you get the HD Monty
I got the HD Monty fix and I spent the
past few days trying different times a
day like dark out light outs different
textures different fields of views and I
got motion sick every single time okay
can't explain it but I get motion sick
when I play thief for some reason right
you overestimate people immensely which
is funny because I have a saying that I
have never underestimate the power of
incompetence
you just can't underestimate stupid
stupid always finds new ways to be
stupid Oh a traitor disease s truth we
did Sonic we did shovel knight and we
did mighty number 9 and guacamelee we've
done four did we love those games no I
think we had well guacamelee we love
which I it's a it's it's at least as
much brawler and in my mind the brawler
elements are much more fun than the
platforming element a sonic we hated and
mighty number 9 we hate it overall yeah
so but we love platformers rich we love
them I just don't I don't get it it's
great I can't get drunk and play thief
that would make my motion sickness worse
this is like I'm not paying attention to
the story this is a bad time to get into
a story I'm gonna regret this because
this violates my don't like playing
things for the first time on stream roll
yeah
it's like we did the the zombie night
terror game yeah went really well right
it's cuz I played that for like hours
the night before then I got I had you
play it though I'm forgetting one zombie
night terror the black and white zombie
one but you were the control Humpy's oh
I scouted that game out though I know
what I was gonna do listen this is what
we're trying if it doesn't work it
doesn't work we could play something
else
but so unfortunately thief we're not
gonna we have to figure out a different
classic game to do a look-back
episode on we have an idea that could be
funny excuse me you are excused
so wait what was the what was the rest
of that was so what game have I been
playing recently i've been i've been
playing overwatch because that's what i
play when i ever i have any free time i
play overwatch and I love overwatch and
I played a low boy on Wednesday for my
solo stream and I've really enjoyed Out
Boy that's exactly a jack on the game
and what was the last part of that well
no Jay did not so this is this is Jay
RPG style combat
now this is not X comes this is JRPG
style I'm gonna hate this oh well then
we got to find a new game this is JRPG
style combat abort now huh I might abort
now do it do it rich
taking turns on either side of the
screen whacking things yep oh no oh no
no there's my I'm in the mood for okay
what are you in the mood for FTL fuck it
Wow alright going old school I'm going
on school alright they that's fine rich
gets to choose what game because I had a
solo stream Wednesday so that's the
richest call sip nope after I had the
bad feelings that's fine I saw things on
either side of the screen taking turns
whacking each other and I just screamed
JRPG combat which I can't stand and FTL
great and its first time playing it on
stream I had lots of I was getting lots
of bad vibes we're just going to say no
: faster than light Boop
okay great so best of the worst
J did not screw drunk Jack over on best
source I actually thought he screwed the
discussion over no I think I felt like
we every time I made a point it was like
edited out and gone I felt like we've
never teased or the times I made the
smaug's looked over when I when I when I
when I was catching Janne Josh and the
little contradictions all that ice all
that is gone I still feel like we made a
decent argument okay he did cut it
because we did repeat ourselves a lot
okay so it's true J did cut out a ton
well he cut out a lot of back and forth
word
Josh were like but what about this this
doesn't make sense and then either
richer I would be like no that made
perfect sense because of this in this
and this
I love he edited the fuck out of that he
did he did but it is also you know it's
got a flow it's got a flow all right all
right got a flow rich I did love the
chops yes I loved the chops
hold on Rich's logging the scheme still
but like you know an example of that
would be when that when they were anyway
no so he did not screw me over too bad
it he kept in the final joke the Linda
Hamilton joke which obviously is the way
it needed to end and I'm ok with that
actually I've got well it actually had I
think I have a feel on nod god I should
have just oh it's fine everything's fine
everything's fine oh yeah I don't forget
to change the playing in the overlap
if there was a vampire movie best of the
worst would you both refuse to watch it
no one that would be awesome that would
be awesome
I like vampire movies there's some good
ones there's some good ones it's it's
certainly not any of the N rice ones
right near dark I've frequently talked
about my love for near dark and Fright
Night didn't I do a whole thing about
how I love to blade and blade to people
hear what they want to hear what they
want to hear I mean it's fine everything
you know what everything is fine
TC Brady 133 says any news on hash tag
project Hornet you fucks
spaceball fucking sucks ass I also don't
care about baseball the update on
project Hornet is we have some helpers
now yeah and they have both said that
they are okay with us mentioning who our
helpers are and you will know them as Oh
bother and Mario Mario we had actually a
little Skype call before the stream
today to begin working on some stuff
some Mario Mario and Oh bother our on
the hashtag project Hornet team and
we're moving forward we're not ready to
tell you what project Hornet is yet
because of my mouth to nothing because
it could be a huge failure could or well
most likely but failure is always an
option rich always it's frequently an
option free it's you know but I'm
excited I'm excited to see what happens
and
our chattin bulls have infiltrated so in
any case we're moving forward we're not
moving super fast mostly because rich
and I don't really know what we're doing
and that's why wouldn't he did someone
else's help
what ship we going with what do you got
not many right now on this installation
you know what either either standard or
engineer is what I'm gonna say maybe do
engineer all right
all right let's try it
that's right you know what I like that
it is I that that's that's what project
corner it is it's a specialty baby
stroller for live-streaming outdoors
that's what we're trying to make there
unto us around to us that's why we need
help by the way that whole set up that's
what happens when we do something on our
own we're really good with like duct
taping things together but anything
anything else yeah we need if we don't
mind it falling apart yes it's fine yeah
oh yeah chat lottery we got the to watch
uh pick a random jitter oh you need 200
that's what's wrong all right check all
of them yeah everyone did I absolutely
are asked fun new ropa new Robo is on
the crew this person we're luckily we
have the Twitter and the tamatar means
that we can choose people randomly and a
Michelle 87 a Michelle 87 you're on the
crew
and now for this one sub sub level
similar project Hornet is just rich and
I'm Mike and J are not involved in
project Hornet star Horrible's are
Horrible's this is just something that
we're working on and you know alright
playing on normal and oh yeah we're
gonna start do you guys have to do it
for free or making sure people are
problematic again what do what for free
Hannah I think they're talking about the
mods are mods do do it for free they ma
they moderate you for free what else we
got it what's going on anonymous no no
this is what rich wrong again even
though you're not wrong I'm best the
worst rich said guns aren't sold in
California malls when they were in the
80s and still are today see the Dick's
Sporting Goods and enclosed mall at Los
Cerritos Center in LA sells rifles etc
in fact I think what rich said is I'm
not sure if they are sold in malls like
wasn't that our hey we weren't sure we
weren't I wasn't making a like a 100
percent deklerk of I know this more than
I've ever known anything in my life
writer just having a discussion on gun
stores and malls because at least at
least realm where III am and where I
grew up I didn't really see gun stores
in malls and it's certainly not
specialty gun stores that only sold guns
right
like peck and pause in the movie was not
a thing I have ever seen
no I feel like that we were all just
like our guns sold in malls I don't know
if that might have been the sarcasm
Anonymous but whatever I'm rich she says
just Alec six before Star Trek question
of the day yeah what is your favorite
Star Trek joke outside of Star Trek
example Captain Pike giving one beep
congratulate to Farnsworth in Futurama
I do have some sort of Star Trek no this
isn't something I sit around thinking
about okay great I'm sorry
I'm very very sorry oh and Tiberius Kirk
says low serotonin Atum all oh we're not
talking about a strip mall here we're
not talking about like storefronts we're
talking about outside and enclosed mall
are there gun stores I have never seen
one and I grew up in a rural area
fucking missiles fucking missiles ship
ship right LOL fukka my cock says
serious question have you considered
suing the US government for stealing the
best of the worst concept for this
year's election anonymous says I've hey
hack frauds I am just able to catch the
beginning of his stream due to daylight
savings time how about another euro
stream sug mean cook you know we keep
talking about that yeah eventually
laughs and like I said the the the
biggest problem with that is usually
rich rich is a sleeper inner definitely
and so it's it's just usually hard for
us to schedule anything too early but
yes we will keep that in mind when we
think about streaming rich I'm so happy
you decided to play FTL I am too in
other news I started watching Deep Space
9 based off of what you said and kinda I
really liked it the cast has great
chemistry and the writing is fantastic
okay good
also hi jack I'm glad you enjoyed Deep
Space nine it's a fine show Rich's work
hours are whatever the hell he feels
like in it and it doesn't matter as long
as he gets shit done yeah
gets shit done
if I need to build a new background for
best of the worst or something weird it
doesn't matter if I do that at 8 a.m. or
8 p.m. as long as it's done by the time
we need it right it's that's it's the
it's the hard part and the good part of
working for yourself or you know working
in a in a loose environment here is uh
you get to control your own hours and
some people can't handle that
responsibility that awesome
responsibility it is an awesome
responsibility because you know like you
can you can put things off until last
minute if you know you'll get them done
but some people have a hard time
adjusting to being their own boss hi man
hi me hi mine says how's it going
it's fine yeah pretty good pretty good
my my my boogers are finally starting to
clear up
oh yeah yeah I've been I've been nothing
but a mucus pile for the past like two
weeks
Karen securin smother is going to come
visit oh oh I think it's gotta be
spic-and-span oh Jesus yeah I'm so sorry
no it's fine an extended visitor just
like they were too I guess I don't know
she doesn't have a job she just stay as
long as she freakin wants finally no
she's gonna say I'm moving in oh my god
how terrifying how terrifying
keep hitting the exact systems I need
them not to hit this isn't good I hate
the ship you read well this arm yeah
that's fine great where are we anonymous
says our alum studios has so much crap
in it yes does where did it come from
you people keep sending it to us you
wouldn't believe the mail we get in a
month I saw the pile I believe it is it
stuff you've accumulated over the years
or shit people sent you shit people sent
us most of it right and to keep me well
and you know it's always tough and I've
run into the same thing at home where
it's like you know let's say you buy a
costume for one shoot yeah it's not like
you then throw it away you you hold onto
it because what you could use it for
another shoot and so you need kind of a
backlog of props and costumes and it all
adds up and then add to that all the
crap you people send here which is great
I think mostly the stuff they see though
is the stuff in the background for best
of the worst right right and most of
that stuff that's been incentive like
the stuff although all the movies yeah
yeah all the movies all the little
trinkets and and they're great all the
little trinkets are fantastic but it
adds up like someone sent us a magazine
what is it someone sent this like a
movie magazine that had Supergirl on the
cover after we did the Supergirl episode
it's just like we're never gonna like
leaf through it but it's NEETs it's a
neat old movie magazine with Supergirl
on the cover and just crap I love it
it's creep so Karen's father Karen's
father is a Cubs fan that's right I
remember you saying that and she what
she went down to visit recently to watch
you know the World Series well dad you
know Game seven he's gonna want to watch
that she went down to watch it with him
cup fans are so battered and abused he
did not watch the game lifelong Cubs fan
refused to watch the game in case they
lost I can only assume but his whole
life but what his whole life it's been
that long
yeah but like he would hear about it
whether they won or lost afterwards you
know you watched the postgame after they
won he turned it on that makes no sense
to me that makes all the sense in the
world because he's used to being pissed
on yeah but wouldn't you like know
wouldn't you want to even if they lost
wouldn't you want to see if you're a
baseball fan wouldn't you want to see
the battle I don't I don't think you
understand Cubs culture I don't
understand which is is I mean you know
this year is obviously the Oh a weird
exception but it's it's snatching defeat
out of the jaws of victory there's like
the infamous collapse in 1969 they're
like up by like 20 games then like last
month they ended up in like last place
oh they did so bad
the whole Steve Bartman incident they
got that the gleason you know I'm
thankful now the goat thing is gone I
don't have to hear about that fucking
goat anymore but there was the whole
goat thing it was like a cult of failure
and he just expected them to lose and he
refused to watch I did everything I've
known about sports people contradicts
that you know cuz Cubs apparently had a
different button Jack do you understand
how sports games work they're stressful
experience but I've always felt that
that was Jack's never had a rooting
interest in a sport no never I've never
I've never he doesn't understand about
any outcome but from what I know about
say like watching movies is you want to
go through the experience and so I would
assume that win or lose you would want
to be there to experience the highs and
lows with your team right no not when
your lows are so low and so frequent I
think I think the attitude has been
done that sure sure oh let's see here
game child UK Jack thoughts on owl boy I
had a I thought our boy was great if you
were at the stream on my solo stream on
Wednesday it's it's a gorgeous game
interesting levels some some good so
many fucking missile launchers Jesus
Christ
some good boss battles I didn't you know
obviously because I was streaming I
didn't have a ton of time to get into
the story but I like the general concept
of the story which is like you are
you're kind of an outcast yeah in the
owl Society on society and in like the
bird Society and like no one likes you
and everyone's like you fuck up owl boy
you suck and so it's like I kind of I
kind of like that like okay I gotta
prove myself and that's that was fun
buddy I had a lot of fun without boy and
I definitely recommend playing it if you
like those kind of old-school nests
action games
let's see here also last stream before
the election calling it Hillary wins and
Wisconsin blue pen blue Ohio red
Colorado blue Virginia blue Florida I
don't know gedevan is one word HRC 2016
we usually go blue
Wisconsin usually goes blue for
presidential elections I can only assume
that would happen again
well what they're just making
predictions from asking us what we think
no they're just making predictions okay
I can do that I don't know whatever if
you had to make a prediction if we're
gonna open those floodgates rich
I think Hillary's gonna win yeah it's
just a prediction I just I don't like
either of them I'm on the book saying
that you oh yeah you've been even though
there's a lot of fear of Donald Trump
yeah I know there's been a ton of early
voting already and early vote numbers
are very positive for Hillary your time
I heard I heard the opposite oh really
yeah no I like people who have already
voted I've heard the the early voters
it's like record low no no it's in fact
more people have early voted in Florida
okay like voted in another state last
year in the real election because
they're afraid of Donald Trump yes yeah
and and the the number of what was it it
was like the number of Latino voters is
up like 2,000 percent or something like
that so yeah I I also think she's going
to win I'm not sure if I'm using any
sort of science or just hope but it's
the science of fear it's the science of
fear and hope the numbers mostly fear
like if you read five what is it five
thirty eight.com 358 someone will know
the exact website there they're usually
pretty what do you call it when you when
you don't have allegiance to anyone
partisan okay yep and
neutral they're usually pretty neutral
and just looking at the polls and their
forecasts it has Hillary up and so 538
thank you
nate silver that nate silver guy thank
you
fucking yeah like i reading one of their
one of their like one of their biggest
things is you know on the electoral
college and they just broke down the
math like if Trump loses these three
states he can't win you know based on
what states have been historically blue
and historically red and right now he's
on par to lose two of them and Hillary
needs to win these states and there's a
lot of math that I just don't understand
it Electoral College that's weird you
know it's adds a layer it adds a whole
layer the founding fathers were scared
of democracy that's you laughs you
laughs I don't know because I well the
electoral colleges and founding fathers
is it I think that came around later I
don't think so knows anyone know that I
don't know
I think like at one point the Electoral
College made sense
it just doesn't necessarily apply to to
modern times one of those things like
like why voting is always on a Tuesday
it was to prevent the people from making
too dumb a choices and there's a
fail-safe against that you think I don't
think that that's the reasoning like it
I like it they don't do the popular vote
for a reason because everyone wants to
run with scissors but it's not a good
idea the tyranny of the masses Jack
that's here any of the masses I like
that that's the thing I didn't make that
up no no I thought I thought that was
you that's a good quote and only let the
electoral college was set up by by the
founding fathers and only land owning
men could choose their electorate land
owning men so rich you couldn't choose
your own your own electorate
mm-hm you're not elaine venom you're a
renter but slaves were worth what is it
refit three-fifths so what have you
didn't own land but you had a slave I'm
sure there's some more calculated math
involved okay okay people don't want the
popular vote because of things like
brexit yeah that's that's the kind of
shit they were trying to prevent with
the electoral college you know where i
like i laugh also cuz i'm scared
2016 is the year democracy was proved
wrong we're watching for watching the
death of democracy between brexit and
the 2016 US presidential race this is
the death of democracy history history
will study this year oh yeah they will
and say yeah this is this is when they
decided to try the benevolent dictator
thing again and and that's how we ended
up with World War three four and five it
was it was a hectic couple of decades
but we made it through
it's predatory capitalism being exposed
okay okay if it comes down to it
democracy and capitalism honestly which
one do you think is gonna get the axe
first who's in control the people with
the money I think it's not gonna say you
know yeah you know what democracy thing
isn't working I III think that that that
GE needs to handle it I think it's a
little more greater than maybe I think I
think that's obviously like cynical and
but I also think that's unrealistic okay
because in order for capitalism to work
they need people to buy their stuff so
the facade is really important
rich you just contradicted yourself to
be fair I'm just throwing out ideas
right now I'm not I'm not throwing out a
concrete philosophy and how the world
works I'm just I'm exploring they're
exploring yeah like I I think it's a lot
more complicated man because like I said
in in order in order for like the big
money to win I remembered what I was
doing okay mmm say we need a subscriber
oh we got these t CL p mmmm 9t c LP t CL
p TC l p9 you're on the crew whether you
like it or not democracy is dead you
have no say in the matter
you've just been drafted motherfucker
this is this is this is the space Navy
Jack they've been conscripted
oh nice hey you know what speaking of
all this politics huh Jiminy Cricket
prick bastard says why all the dislike
for Hillary in 2012 her approval was 66%
all I get is a general fog of bad ass -
public or private position don't forget
in 2008 Obama said I am not in favor of
gay marriage
I mean what was all that I'd miss half
of that Oh Jim wild I hate for Hillary
his bait is basically the thing because
she seems slimy and dystonic honest she
seems less like a person who wants to
help the people and more like a queen
who was taking her rightful place that's
the attitude I get from her I don't get
queen ant I get this entitled I get this
this vibe from her it's my turn now and
I've been waiting for this for 20 years
and I put up with bill but now it's my
turn
no that's the vibe I get from Hillary I
don't get that I I get I get a power
persona like I get that she wants to be
in power but I don't I don't get the
entitled okay I've never gotten that
vibe from her what was the gay marriage
portion of that I think the gay marriage
portion of that was Obama was in the tip
read it like what it's a os2 public
versus private position don't forget in
2008 Obama said I am not in favor of gay
marriage and so that was not playing the
politics game is the majority of the
populace was against it right they were
they were lying politicians not a lying
not lying the politicians Hillary and
this is a reason why I did not vote for
her in the Democratic primaries Hillary
is a good Democratic soldier she will
follow the Democrats she will control
the Democrats and browbeat them into
going her way now she will she thinks
she's in charge of the demoscene
what I'm saying is she will follow the
policies outlined by the Democrats all
right and she all right is part of
controlling that policy but she will go
on and that's why I like Bernie cuz he
was he was pulling he was pulling his
own weight yeah you don't have to go
into e mode only mode we've got it we've
got an election days away politics are
going to come up six-hour thing that
happened there the thing that happens
and we're adults and we need to deal
with it we can deal with it we are
mature enough
sorry beefcake and sorry cinnamon that
this is what what we're dealing with
tonight it's gonna come up if somebody
now is being like insulting yeah I hate
you Lib Tarbes or are you Republicans
are all months then should ban that
person yep bana for the night banned
them for the night
absolutely like that's I think that
sensible like we're not we're not here
to tell you how to vote we're just we're
doing exactly what we always do which is
just chatting but if something rich Evan
says is changing your political
worldview maybe maybe you just haven't
thought about your worldview enough
right yeah see like tyranny Soros Rex
that's the kind of stuff you can ban
people for saying go Cubs go - that's a
banna below Finn's tyranny Soros Rex
saying stuff like that will get you
banned for the night let's not be idiots
what we're saying is be mature that's my
that's my warning for you and for
everyone else we're not accepting even
jokes cuz remember it's hard to read
sarcasm I like turtles there we go I
like turtles to go bucks go whatever
bucks is the basketball nobody even
nobody up here even knows that that
Milwaukee has a basketball team no well
they only they only knew when all of a
sudden they wanted a new stadium and
then they said yeah we'll get the
taxpayers to pay for it go to a random
person on the street and ask them how
they feel about the bucks this year yeah
and see if they don't shoot you a
confused look okay I'm not I'm not
kidding I know oh I know listen I know
that's why it's one of those things
where it's like yeah well but we want a
new stadium we're gonna have a brand new
bucks Center yeah yeah that's gonna
happen that's gonna happen yeah
beefcakes says he would prefer us talk
about Ghostbusters 2016 why why beefcake
why he's I think he's being fucked okay
ding beep don't cut beefcake has a tough
job with politics right now rich how
long would you say it takes you to open
up a package after it arrives a package
like if someone sends you a package how
well is it secured people send us shit
are you ok all the time yeah we get in
care packages of shitty VHS tapes just
great we can use that kind of stuff yeah
but it's like kind of funny to me
because she got these 30 year old like
like set tapes like how do you how to
play the flute you know there's a box
full of crap like that but nobody cares
about oh god do they wrap it secure
they take the packaging tape and there's
like three layers and it's like I wanted
you to rip it open on her hands but
there's there's no way it's probably
they have secured these old shitty
disintegrating phages s tapes too well
and I need a box cutter so it takes you
like all day it's open takes me all day
unless I have a box cutter right well
you should carry a box cutter my legs it
might go over the Senate like a bubble
wrap which is an acceptable way to send
a shitty old VHS tapes just shove it in
a bubble wrap thing there and and close
it just rip that right open I don't want
to destroy my precious shit right Germer
take a right
all right let's see here anonymous says
Gul Dukat did nothing wrong
does that mean anything to you arguably
he's golda caught was a smartly written
villain okay
and that it was there was a lot of gray
area when it came to gold Akkad okay
and was he from Deep Space nine okay he
was the major antagonist okay in the
show for the most part and at some point
they the writers thought oh my God he's
too likable and then they started
writing him like a cartoon villain and
oh no you had something much better yeah
he doesn't need to just be pure evil oh
well did he kind of get rekt or did they
eventually redeem us it's been a long
time since I watched the show so I don't
really remember now I think it ended
badly for him as being ridden he became
the new Satan maybe if I remember the
ending of that show right yes all right
I saw it rich has not seen it yet no I
saw it and overall for Doctor Strange I
enjoyed it I really enjoyed it I thought
it had some really minor
characterization problems one in
particular which maybe I'll talk about
later if I can think of a way to not get
too spoilery with it but over it like
the visuals were really great the
soundtrack be the score lunch at
mantastic shadow saying that gold Akkad
before the show started was in charge of
concentration camps
what made gold got interesting was that
they wrote in rationalizations for it on
his part he didn't see himself as the
villain he he saw himself as suppressing
dissidents well those are the best
villains is the bill that the villains
who you know who see their own world
view correct Wow
but in any case I thought I thought was
very good I actually I got really lucky
this weekend my my mom took my boys for
a night and so Lisa and I got to go
out and have dinner without children and
see a movie without children and that's
always a treat and we went to go see dr.
strange great score really fun visuals
and out of like one of the one of my
favorite endings to almost any Marvel
movie I haven't seen it don't spoil I'm
not spoiling it just just saying
and of course Benedict Cumberbatch it's
great it is weird to hear him with an
American accent I almost wish they just
made Doctor Strange British because
Benedict Cumberbatch Cumberbatch I'm
just so used to him being British bad
you know it's weird I'm sorry he's
Sherlock you know I'm I'm so I'm sorry
you should be rich you should be
yes Len yes absolutely
Layne flack ocinski so like I said I
won't get to spoiler but overall I liked
it I know I was getting it a little back
and forth with someone on Twitter today
because they were complaining about the
fight scenes in Doctor Strange and they
didn't think that fighting was
appropriate for Doctor Strange because
it's all about magic and whatnot and I
liked like fist fighting like they would
like have like they would make like
magic weapons and yeah there were some
fighting you need to make the action you
need to want it's an action movie so you
need to have action in it and you need
to make that action relatable and
kinetic it's the issue with Doctor
Strange right how do you make it he
doesn't feel like an action hero Doctor
Strange is like the best supporting
character ever when it comes to the
Marvel Universe
oh he's a he's a he's an all-star
utility player yeah he's the he's the
Sixth Man of the Year like like your
your you're writing for for spider-man
yeah and you know you're sick of
fighting the animal-themed criminal that
I want do story where was
spider-man has to stop the the demon
from performing the ritual and that
feels out of place in spider-man's world
I team up with Doctor Strange yep
Fantastic Four I've been going on a lot
of weird science adventures uh what if
what do we do a story where sue gets
possessed by spirits now is that a place
Oh we'll have a team-up with Doctor
Strange yeah yeah but you also need to
have some action in your action movie
and I thought I don't have to be an
action movie huh didn't have to be an
action movie as far as what people going
to see a Marvel movie expect good okay
but I thought they did it very well and
that's not like it that wasn't a major
part of the movie the action sequences
weren't a major part of the movie a lot
of good science II stuff over overall
about very good I'd say you know above
ant-man level as far as like Guardians
level like overall less fun than
guardians but a much better much better
ending
but guardians has Chris Pratt and it
sounds like how do you get more fun than
Chris Pratt and I mean he's great the
Innoko guardians are seeing anywhere Ian
sucks you and I both agree on this yeah
but anyway I recommend it doc Doctor
Strange what is this
you fixed the prereq logo fun to that I
will save that and thank you anonymous
earthy for the image of previously
recorded having fun wrong since 2016
let's see here Godfather 42 is the rlm
media empire employing any of you full
time or do you still have other jobs to
make ends meet and then played by rlm
full-time
yep rich J Mike jack has other things
that he does but it's similar things he
also does editing in videos yep I
produce other videos if these days
though it is mostly rlm and prereq yeah
that is taking up a lot more of my time
than in the past obviously mmm as we
grow as a channel and as you know this
as we get more these incomes I get to do
this more and more but I still do take
jobs as a freelance video producer human
crew member or do I just want the scrap
how many do you have do you have enough
to run each of the things that they need
to run their ng is they're not great
fighters but then again neither are the
humans they're just kind of average you
know it's like to me it's always it's
always better to have an extra crew
person
do you have teleporters are you looking
to get teleporters ya them fuckin thanks
crap take the scrap and that's the chat
once but of course they're gonna want
somebody else to be named for that I've
already seen the lend wants you to take
it at the scrap that's right I'm only a
part-time hack here at our own I'm
taking the scrap take this crap kill so
yeah I still take work on like creating
commercial videos and you should you
should offered me a fucking mantis
resultant now you die
yeah our our team enriches day job is
working for our level yeah I'm the only
one that has other jobs but my other
jobs are producing videos so it's a very
similar one I need hacking
yeah hacking or hacking is great I need
to take down the fucking shields hacking
anion I just need to go all in on this
drone thing
agreed you got the drunk ship do it
anonymous says rich Jack a strange
request but would rich say I am Jack
Packard and Jack say I'm rich Evans why
how what what way are you planning to
edit this it's too strange and request
okay I don't trust it
I guess I said it while I read it so
I've read my I did my part alright here
I refuse
oh also actually that reminds me rich we
have a listener who is a comic book
artist okay a professional comic book
artist nice and who made us something
Oh earner true and who tried to put us
in a in a real life comic book okay I'm
gonna show you a picture right now
unfortunately they they had to remove us
from their real life comic book because
their suits didn't want us to sue in
case we were unhappy alright our
depiction alright so we didn't make the
final cut but they tried and I thought
it was a really great panel they did say
I could tweet it out oh I gotta find the
tweet now
oh my god some what just happened since
I tweeted that out gosh darn it it's
really cool
trust me you're gonna love it if I can
find it oh that's great that great
that's great what was that gonna be in I
was gonna be in an issue of Archer and
Armstrong which is a valiant comic yeah
yeah I actually read and so you totally
would have caught it I totally would
have caught it Mike Norton who who is a
listener tried to sneak rich and I into
an issue of Archer and Armstrong which
by the way and I've talked about this
before so this is unprompted by almost
being in it is a great comic is around
like I really enjoy it's valiant and
I've been really I've been super into
valiant lately and so I was it's time to
stand up is it remember when standing
was the thing I will I'll stand up all
that's fine it's all it's all fine
stretch it out y'all doing this wrong
and I'm back I get a drone and feel all
fine connected for oh I we did it early
that was 56 minutes thank you Oh No
so in any case they tried to take us in
I did give him permission
I said you hereby have written eyes
consent to put us in an issue as long as
you don't have us saying anything weird
okay saying anything well you know like
I don't I don't want like a little like
a like us to be like I don't know Nazi
simple it depends on where we are - yeah
so but it now obviously just in there
like a scene at a furry convention you
know you know which is by the way
exactly
think what their lawyers afraid of right
now right no we just don't do it but I'm
in the case I thought it was cute I
thought it was cute Anonymous's Jack I
don't think you get how fans of sports
teams work I don't anonymous he's not a
sports guy I'm not a sports guy it makes
sense why he doesn't get it when they
win the game
we did it we're great when they lose a
game they blew it they suck mm-hmm um
voted Trump inspired by rich as a big fu
to rich and fu - wait wait I vote for
Trump is an fu to me no voted
I think anonymous said they voted for
Trump inspired by rich as a big fu okay
whatever I don't think there's an fu to
you I think that yeah yeah sarcastic
voting right which is great that's
exactly how you want to vote for a
president it's where we're at it's where
we're at let's deal with a jack we deal
with a Jack where we're at we have a a
s'more a clearly more sane option
clearly more sane
Jiminy Cricket prick bastard even if the
arse
keep the oh the Republicans keep the
house they're fucked tea partiers won't
pass budgets Clinton would sign the few
same Republicans left get dem voters to
avoid the shutdown then their own base
primaries then their own base primaries
them lol yeah it's gonna be interesting
it's gonna be real interesting I know
like the the big the the real fun thing
is the shake-up that's gonna happen in
the FBI because you know once again last
week we had more like FBI's like hey we
might be reopening this whole email case
because we got more emails to go through
you know just to kind of poke and then
today they issued a statement gun nope
still not pressing any charges she
didn't definitely didn't do anything
wrong so it's like why why poke because
he's been poking he's been poking at the
bad Hillary so you know when she becomes
president yeah I was pokin back why
would they want to charge her when she's
probably almost certainly gonna be the
next president because you know you
don't want to make those enemies there's
political reasons for not charging her
with anything well no but he was hoping
to say he his hope was to say he was
reopening the case to sway voters away
from her okay is what they're saying but
now it looks like it's not working so
he's trying to step back no nope still
no charges still no charges because when
she gets into power she's gonna poke
back she's gonna poke right back let's
see here
half Matt half cat says even if Trump
gets elected we have two other branches
to have checks and balances the
executive branch actually has little
power beyond executive orders which only
apply to the executive branch and and
that is true we do have checks and
balances the problem is as far as I see
it Trump as the figurehead of the nation
is uh well it's all about the Supreme
Court nominees that's the other problem
I think that's another huge problem
people are voting this election for the
Supreme Court yep yeah that's that's
fair super fair all right and
disciplined that it says oh just
executive order it's it's it's all right
the crazy thing to me is I keep like do
these things ever target the fuckin
weapon room god I hate drones the crazy
thing for me is like I keep seeing like
articles on undecided voters and it's
very hard for me to imagine someone who
hasn't made up their mind yet of course
of course they got the drone room I
don't hit their fuckin weapons from once
and they instantly hit the drone room
which is the only offense I have that's
bullshit
siren I'm sorry which no you're not no
ma'am fucking bastard and they don't
really care Oh mr. pewdie pants the fact
that they haven't had hearings on any of
Obama's Supreme Court like that's
bullshit what is with that it was kick
in their own nuts absolute horseshit is
what that is they're they're hungry
they're they're are open I agree they're
that is what the president is and they
are supposed to do and there they are
and and they're like they're not even
trying to hide the fact that now we're
gonna we're watching the death of
democracy gee a fresh to says hey you
guys I think at this point we go
where I think at this point we can all
agree that Bill Hicks was right goat boy
I don't necessarily know what that means
do you know that mean oh great great
some sort of Asian lettering name says
can we please fucking stop can we please
stop fucking talking about politics
maybe a little bit who knows we'll see
what the the next comment has say oh
it's about politics I'm sorry
Asian looking lettering name we we are
two days away from our elections for
president we you can't avoid it and we
just can't we just can't
once elections are over we will probably
stop talking about it this is a big deal
right now
and rich and I are talking about it and
you know we're remaining pretty civil I
think and you know if you yep if you can
to deal with it then you might want to
not want to listen today but we know
it's going to come up and I'm very sorry
if that if you don't like that game
child UK says do you think Russ
Feingold's will win Senate in Wisconsin
I hope so I'd love for Dems to retake
Senate so Hillary can get her cabinet
and Supreme Court nominations through my
state's open seat will be read
Russ has a chance Nora so normally my am
i incorrect in saying that Obama had the
Congress in his pocket when he got first
got elected you are incorrect yeah he
had a he had Republican from the start
yeah from the start okay okay and I
think he had a Republican House and
Senate I have to start okay
Russ has a chance so normally Wisconsin
is a very strange state where we usually
go Democrat in presidential races but
conservative in in local races and
usually that's a turnout issue is we
have a much higher turnout for
presidential races this year we know
we're gonna die and I just don't care oh
I hit the ship okay I hate the ship
oh they lost the house in 2010 is that
what it is in 2010 dr. Logan so he had
two years what did he do amazing things
in his presidency yeah wasn't winning
well the Democrats had the house in the
Senate and presidency did did the world
change I mean did the world change
throughout his presidency yes in those
months in those years that probably set
up a lot of things that throughout a guy
said what happened I don't know what did
Obama care get pushed through was that
in that time or is that after the fact I
have no strong recollection for
Obamacare was that during was that
Obamacare was that during that period I
passed out so I'm just wondering I'm
wondering and that's what they're saying
I'm curious okay they got rid of Don't
Ask Don't Tell yeah they they dealt with
the financial crisis they're saying yeah
you did along I don't forget that
overall through his presidency
you know John jobs are up average wages
are up you know more people have health
insurance now than ever before or like
we're generally broke a like we're cool
as a country number wise
Michelle again I'm but she wasn't last
wrong service yep a 135 sorry Chen
already got in and jyggalag 35 did you
Corinne yep great is that - geez
anything is how are the jeez
how are the G's in this name - geez okay
I'm not stumping for him I'm just I'm
just putting out putting out facts
average wages are up jobs are up
yes our national debt is also up but
numbers have us generally doing all
right
her options are entitled or crazy I
don't see it titled that's just me
I do yeah I do I and you know what even
if it is entitled if those are our two
options I think there's a clear winner
of those two in any case yes but I'm
still abstaining the vote because I
can't get behind either of them and by
the way that is absolutely your right
yep and we've gone through that it is
rich is right to do that
where was that I would have to do Oh
so anyway - to finish up the Feingold we
were going to have a large voter turnout
for the presidential election so it's
very possible that if we go Democrat for
Hilary we will also go Democrat for
Feingold he was he was very popular here
Wow which is stupid they're not evenly
bad I never said they're evenly bad I
said I refuse to play the lesser of two
evils game and if you don't like that
I'm sorry but that's just not what I'm
gonna do he what what he literally said
20 seconds ago was he cannot get behind
either candidate he
not saying they are equally bad or
equally anything he cannot get behind
either of them and it is his right to
just not vote that's not the call I
would make that's not the call a lot of
people would make a lot of people you
know want to go third party a lot of
people you know want to enter the lesser
of two evils is there is the third party
even gonna be on the ballot though in
Wisconsin I don't think there are if
they are maybe I don't know I don't I
don't I gotta say though other than just
a vote for protest right Jule Styne no
not qualified Gary Johnson horribly not
qualified right oh right and I'm with it
I know some people are doing that I
think it's a bad idea to do that we need
we need we need a strong third party but
we need a strong third party hadn't we
know no third parties need a base we
need third parties in Congress we need
third parties and Senate we need third
parties in in local fields that's how
you can get them third third parties
only pop up once every four years during
presidential races and that's not good
enough is is it possible even to get a
third a strong third party in this
country if because we talked about this
before we have and the chat brought up
Ross Perot yes when the 90s was he was
in the he was in the damn debates he was
he was a fair number of votes he was he
was all he was a a self-funded
millionaire how come that never became a
viable third party you know I didn't
have a base what about the people who
voted for him what do you mean he did
what do you mean he didn't have a base
so like a party is what one man is not a
party yeah I know that I know that and
so but you got to start somewhere you
have to start somewhere and that's why
we need to think smaller for third
parties we need to think Congress we
need to think Senate we need to think
fucking chair people in in your in your
City Hall council York City Hall council
people right you need colleagues who
will go to bat for you if we start third
parties on a smaller scale we can build
them up because he took votes from the
other guys
that is generally considered a bad thing
for the election yes more choices for
the voters is a bad thing what a
horribly awful point of view I disagree
with you sir I disagree with you that's
the reason I do think that's the reason
though that the third parties have not
been allowed into the debates well you
know there there was there strong
evidence that say that's why that's why
you know Clinton got in is because of
Ross Perot yeah and that's why it didn't
double you did so well is because of
who's the Green Party candidate in 2008
er Nader is because Nader got involved
and that's how that's how we ended up
with HW bush is is the we're already
fucked this is Ross Perot also did have
like he just he had a persona man people
knew who that guy was he was crazy he
was the good kind of crazy
who else is crazy and running for
president no he was fun crazy
he wasn't scary crazy he was fun crazy
right he was like he was like grandpa
got into the moonshine crazy not like
grandpa wants to get the rope crazy
grandpa doesn't want to get the rope
grandpa wants attention good grandpa
wants attention from the people getting
over grandpa wants wants the ego fed
yeah in any case I agree we need more
parties the you know here's the other
problem is like the Democrats and the
Republicans have platforms right yeah
that people can latch onto and so you
need a third party with a strong
platform and that takes people and that
takes money and that takes fucking you
need it you need someone who's in charge
of marketing that shit well will it
happen in this country in the next
century in our lifetime yeah even the
next century that's a really scary
question cuz I think the answer is no
yeah
but you know what maybe like tea party
has been has been pretty big right tea
party has done very well yeah but
they're up there part of the Republican
there I think they don't think of
themselves that way Tea Party has been
very strong as far as like a possible
blob that can splinter off into its own
thing
before perot the closest thing we got
was the bull moose party yeah who knows
that was a very different time
oh no and that by the way I understand I
understand that the Tea Party is not an
official party but it is a group of
Republicans with a similar idea and I
know there's no oxygen where we I
couldn't take down my shields it was
calculated as calculated I knew the what
what I just said to rich was it is a
group of Republicans with a base of
ideas that could splinter off sure its
own party so what we're seeing what
could happen and you know with the
popularity of someone like Bernie
Sanders in the primaries we could
equally see a splinter of liberals kind
of moving left of center as Hillary
moves more center-right it's possible I
don't think it's likely are we watching
the beginning of the end of the world
are we we watching the beginning of a
nuclear war with Russia
no and must I point out that the Cubs
just won the World Series the end times
Jack are upon us I don't I don't believe
in these kind of superstitions so no
don't go curses they're meaningless now
the whole world's going topsy-turvy the
Cubs the Cubs win the World Series
nothing makes sense anymore the sign of
the end times
no no I think we're fine everything's
gonna be fine alright where are we where
were we uh her NZ says here's ten
dollars funding for a Leatherman for a
box opener also what about third parties
yes they can we're good okay well
luckily we just we just discussed about
we don't have to read discuss it it's
fine just Alec 64 says since my last
Star Trek question of the day was a bust
here's another one what do you think of
the various Enterprise designs
I personally love the work of MP walk
version II looks like hot trash nd is
too flowy flowing all right so what was
it again I'm a shooting airship the ship
design for which the weight of which
what do you like for which compared to
what to what he says I personally love
MP walk versions he looks like hot trash
D is too flowing NP walk
what's MP 1 MP w ok versions Oh Oh
motion picture Wrath of Khan of course
of course yes that is the best version
of the enterprise that's a picture of a
guy the motion even the motion picture I
had a nicer paint job I believe it I've
read about this it wasn't as obvious
when you watch the film just cuz of the
way it had to be lit but supposedly when
you just saw that thing like painted in
a room as they made it it's got all
these like like subtle colors it's got
like this pearl kind of greens and blues
and reds on the different panels ok when
you see in the movie because it's it's
so many lit mentalizing the ship is
completely dark you don't see any of
that supposing when you saw that ship in
person as it was originally painted the
fucking beautiful okay I I have been so
tempted to buy that 100 dollar model of
the the motion picture slash Wrath of
Khan Enterprise and just make it I've
been so tempted to do that never I never
have I don't trust myself to do a good
job on it
sure the man that ship is beautiful
sweet Radek rich and I have both we've
talked about Star Trek beyond before but
we both liked it yeah yeah beams good
peons very fun it's a fun movie I think
it's it's out of the the new tracks it's
my favorite and it's it finally was
finally just a fun movie to watch and it
wasn't too crazy with the old-school
Star Trek references and it was just fun
little yeah as far as far as that chest
bringing of that version of the
enterprise a little bit a little bit
cartoony for my taste I don't like the
giant warp nacelles I got a big bold
thing like your new Trek version yeah
yeah it's new you know it's new
it's Galassi the best Enterprise is the
motion capture
yeah beyond fun movie okay all right
great oh fuck
great great dr. Harry Lime says I'll be
doing a live YouTube stream channel B
pto a on election night
it's prereqs faults for showing me how
building a pc and OBS aren't beyond an
idiot's grass yeah just like the
presidency boom boom well great have fun
streaming I know um yes Tiberius I know
what's called the refit Enterprise I
imagine most people listening to the
stream would be confused if I said my
favorite Enterprise was the refit right
ooh
beefcake is calling the new ones the
Apple Store Enterprise that's them not a
bad name for I will say this I I will
defend the ones defend the lens flares
yeah yeah everything everything in that
movie felt shiny and new and that's that
Star Trek it's the glorious future that
has been saved by technology yes like
it's appropriate Star Trek the Star Trek
just had too many of them I loved it
visually I loved it I like the light
Rich's Pro lens flare yeah I wouldn't
work in Star Wars it would have been a
horrible idea there but in Star Trek
yeah loved it loved it it's great shiny
new and hope that's that Star Trek Star
Trek's hope for the future
it made sense I thought they could have
toned it down just like yeah like
fucking fucking 20% crank that shit up
to 11 what a fucking sadly I do like the
look of the enterprise-e you feel like a
heathen sounds risky you are a heathen
the enterprise-e is just dogshit
I don't know which one he is so that's
all I got
I am if I even if I sell them in missile
launcher I am I'm to scraps away to
scraps from what the ion blasts you
can't get it I can't get it I'm sorry
there's nothing else I can I'm not
selling that right I just bought that
look I mean if you want the ion blast
oh not as much as it's scrap recovery
arm okay that would be insane to get rid
of that those are your choices you got
choices is the 2016 presidential
election shit choice you have two
choices and you don't like Shh Ivan's
iced zero zero I have nothing insightful
to add to any of the conversations going
on here so here's $2 for you hack frauds
lol slick my stick Anonymous went
through a health scare recently thanks
for keeping my sanity helping keep my
sanity also thanks for the solo stream
Jack solo gives us a chance to convince
you to do things the others wouldn't do
that originally they convinced you what
did you do Jack like divorced parents I
think convinced me to do something I
don't I don't know what I don't remember
that was a lot I was I was medicated I
was on I was on anti Booker medication
so I could go through the stream without
like constantly blowing my nose I don't
know what you guys convinced me to do
button
I mean you're welcome
Americus is anonymous if you don't if
you do the work you can be anything even
president Hillary okay now one fridge
fuck you I don't know what that means
anonymous but I read it Mario Mario says
I actually got to see dr. strange last
weekend felt like they really dropped
the bomb on a beloved character also I
didn't understand all the talk about
precious body fluids lol bag o me
fingers precious body fluids was that in
the review I didn't was the review I
don't mic in J film the half of the bag
I don't stock or strange oh I don't know
is that up it could be I don't know if
they're making if in any case all I know
about precious bodily fluids that sounds
like a dr. Strangelove reference oh yeah
dr. strange dr. Strangelove yeah if they
have a review it must have just gone up
I haven't seen it I just know they're
filming something the other day and that
said oh okay quite possible that was the
big one this weekend unless they were
doing a review of trolls no idea
probably not no and I thought I thought
the characters are there's one big
problem I had I don't want to mention
anything because it's slight spoilery
territories and so how late I'll wait a
week like we usually do but I had one
big problem character wise because he
ever oh everyone here who knows me knows
that character motivation is very
important to me
relish should the relish says you guys
are awesome here's some money lol relish
my relish Thank You Rosa relish
anonymous says thoughts on the show's
Malcolm in the Middle and whose line is
it anyway
I have strong thoughts on neither grates
I've seen maybe one episode of malcolm
in the middle' ever right yeah I don't
know I didn't know something I hated it
I just never really watched it okay I
remembered like the first couple of
seasons I was super into Malcolm in the
middle it was great and then in you know
just slowly fell off but I
really liked malcolm in the middle' of
course they might be giants did the
theme song so I was super into it Jane
Kaz Marek the mom of malcolm in the
middle' we when we moved out of the
country and into the suburbs we actually
lived next door to her mother the jane
cosmetics mother and before Malcolm in
the Middle
the the old lady who lived next door to
us in the suburbs called us over to her
house so we could watch her daughter be
on a soap opera and we're like oh how
fun but you know didn't think anything
yeah love it and she actually Jane
Kaczmarek went to my high school so
that's that's all I got for malcolm in
the middle' whose line is it anyway I
I'm okay with has some funny moments I'm
a big fan of improv comedy yeah it's
fine ish I don't know
I I've always I've always enjoyed it but
I really like fine if you had absolutely
nothing better to do yeah yeah that's
fair I've been recently reading a book
on improv comedy oh it's called how to
be the world's greatest improviser and
look at this map it really makes me want
to get back into improv comedy but it's
it's a fun read if you are into that
that's a lot of you have a lot of danger
on that map bridge that's good that
means crap no I'm serious injuries
that's that's what I like to see those
are those are all the ones I'm going to
deliberately go to yeah rich for the
Gears of War video you mentioned
vanquished a lot have you played Binary
Domain have not okay what's the deal
with Binary Domain I don't know it's on
the PC so you don't have to complain
about no my house aiming do you have
rocketboost
Craig nation I can agree with a lot of
that there's there's another problem I
have as far as Doctor Strange is
concerned but the visuals are great and
the score the visuals and the score are
really fantastic the video like when
that when they do their their weird
space visuals it's just wonderful a lot
of a lot of classic classic weirdness in
there it's great that I have not read
the UCB improv manual I'm reading the
the world how to be the world's greatest
improviser was written by a UCB teacher
and it's been it's been a fun read it
really makes me want to get back into it
I just don't have the time no time I did
not see it in 3d
I felt I think if I would have seen it
in 3d it would have made me sick
I don't like 3d in general no so I spent
half the time when a 3d movie like like
just taking the glasses off and
squinting hey I don't know why just
don't like the effect I don't know we
had a choice Lisa and I had a choice we
could have walked to our local
independent theatre and see it in 3d or
drive to the big Chain Theatre and see
it in 2d and yeah I was 2d because yeah
3d that much more more than we cared
about supporting our local theater who
we hate 3d some local theater huh some
local theater 3d it's the local
independent theater yeah I know
fuckers I know you know what fucking
fuckers fuck them those fucking fucking
fuck fuck I know I know
where are we important election question
says it I know it's not square cut pizza
or pie cut pizza make pizza great again
you know if you're cooking it at home
you're gonna like you don't like a
store-bought pizza pie otherwise either
way is acceptable here's my
controversial opinion on the subject
yeah
square cut you know what I'm gonna go
about-face yeah I'm gonna decline the
scare Cup it's good decline the square
cut because you get this horrible corner
cuts those are the greatest days are
crap you know what those are those are
snack at eyes errs Oh take a little one
oh it's pizza only terrible it's like
none of the cheese all the hi guys she's
in a little bit of crust those are great
especially like especially if you're
going like super crispy thin crust then
you got the little the little corner
that's just a bit of crunch it's perfect
square cut all the way no pie I'm gonna
buy
square cut it you know what wear cuts
not the worst thing that could happen to
you especially if you're in a group
square cut is the only way that makes
sense cuz then everyone gets multiple
people I'll give you that it's easier to
dole it out you have a large number of
people you have a small number of people
buy my prop I here's my problem with the
pie even if you don't have a large group
of people no matter what like the last
slice you eat normally like the grease
starts to congeal on the tips and you
end up with a greasy tip as long as
there's no fucking pineapple on it I
don't give a shit you know what I'm
gonna reach across the aisle here rich
we're gonna be bipartisan I'm gonna
agree with you square cut triangle cut
we can both agree pineapple is not the
way to go
ah agreed
mmm pineapple fucking bomb and Chavous
Bowman did you read the number of people
in the comments or on J side know what
time what is wrong with all of you
people there's a there's a there's a
vocal minority of pineapple pizza lovers
and they're all wrong god damn it all of
them are wrong they're incredibly wrong
incredibly wrong
I had a great pizza the other day pesto
sausage bacon and mushrooms okay the
pesto and the sausage making them you
little crispy Bacon's here and they all
sure you sure that's fine as long as
it's not fine pineapple you can beat
whatever you want
yeah pesto on a pizza by the way you
haven't you have not even greasy cheesy
pizza well why did I put a sweet fruit
on there but no that's right but did you
know rich that actually the director of
clown is doing the new spider-man that
was that was all like Jay has her make a
sarcastic yeah because they for some
reason even though Jay and I after we
made that joke stared directly into the
camera for the punchline people did not
understand that that was a joke never
underestimate the power of stupid no
never underestimate the power of
stupidity there you go there you go
they'll find new ways to be dumb they
will Oh Myra Myra that sounds great feta
sausage green chillies red peppers
sun-dried tomatoes maybe not the
sun-dried tomatoes they can go either
way from me sometimes you have like the
bad sun-dried tomatoes oh where are we
fearful sludge boy says yo yo yo jack
are yo yo yo jack yo yo yo Jack you up
on over watch his recent character
reveal of some bruh or are you not
paying attention and just waiting until
she's in the game I did see the reveal I
I wasn't down with the Arg I wasn't
paying any attention to that but I saw
the short of the new animated short and
she looks very very interesting I'm
excited to play her I think she's coming
out this week new character and
overwatch yeah it's exciting new new
move said whatever I know you don't care
yeah I care she looks very interesting
I actually they had some people live
streaming at Blizzcon and so there is
footage of her in game right now and
especially her teleporting looks to be
hugely advantageous basically you can
set up a little exit teleporter anywhere
and then for 15 seconds to do whatever
you want hit a button go back to where
you set up the exit teleporter and so
you can you know kind of set up the
teleporter go in do a bunch of damage
and then teleport back to where you were
and it looks super fun looks super fun
we're bringing in visibility into
overwatch which could be really
frustrating the thing I worry about most
with Sombra is that she's gonna turn
into another Mei which may as a
character is more frustrating than fun
like she's more frustrating to play
against than she is fun to play and
Sombra a lot of her moveset involves
taking powers away from other people
like she can hack a character so they
can use their special ability and so I
wonder if she's gonna be more
frustrating to play against than fun to
play I'm very sorry that's that's my
complete thoughts on overwatch and I
will stop talking about it
how did overwatch overtake Team Fortress
2 when Team Fortress 2 was free and was
very popular what happened what happened
people like new things I think it's just
that simple
and it's it's all about community Team
Fortress 2 is free but it's hard to find
a good game like valve doesn't
necessarily do a great job with keeping
trolls out or matchmaking or that kind
of stuff and over end and Blizzard came
in with overwatch and they said we're
gonna dedicate our resources to good
matchmaking we're gonna dedicate our
resources to a balanced game we're gonna
try to make sure you get the best online
gaming experience
tf2 was already dying was what I'm
reading yeah I mean I've also tf2 is
older then why didn't people look for
something that was completely new and
not a game which to me when I look at
overwatch it looks a lot like Team
Fortress 2 to me it is a lot of like
Team Fortress 2 if people were sick of
Team Fortress 2 why didn't they find
something entirely different
why did they just find another Team
Fortress 2 if they were sick of Team
Fortress 2 would they because they
weren't sick of Team Fortress 2 they
were sick of the community okay and so
people like team based their team
class-based first-person shooters but
the community of tf2 got to meta mm-hm
and so they went they moved to the new
community rich you like fuckin dooms
remake I was never sick of doom people
were saying tf2 die
right there's dying oh here look there's
this thing it's like tf2 let's play that
yeah it seems weird to me but I'm just
explaining in the chat y-you know but I
do well yeah that's a different that's
different I wasn't sick of doom oh sure
no and you know what I there one there's
still a lot of people playing tf2 mmm
and if valve updated tf2 as often as
they update overwatch I think they would
have a bigger market share but for valve
tf2 is a write-off like they're not
doing much over on tf2 anymore but they
are updating overwatch which is what
you're looking for and you know maybe
there's only so much you can play a game
but I think a lot of people you know you
get a couple thousand hours into tf2 and
you're like ok I'm ready to move on them
and overwatch is enough like tf2 to want
to play it but different enough to want
a point so that's what I got on that
Jimmy crooked prick bastard oh Jesus
Christ
what what we're gu POSIX the cock
brothers the Koch brothers started
mobilizing in December 2008 to shut down
everything Obama could ever do also the
Dems never had the Senate in that
practice frankenz election was disputed
then Kennedy died great thanks Jiminy
Cricket Britt know better here's a
couple bucks for rich says slug net
constantly reminding us that you don't
own digital games so I've been looking
to gog.com also gog has a big sale right
now you hack frauds speaking of did you
hear about what was it not you play not
battlenet I have whatever it is I'm sure
I haven't heard of it was a company who
has a digital games platform I want to
say they do battlefront ok has banned an
entire country from playing their games
ok even if that country has already
bought games they can no longer play oh
how nice someone tell me what this is
I'm forgetting exact origin thank you
Oh AAS company yes oh how shocking that
they would pull sleazy stunts like that
it has it has something to do with a
trade sanction that went up on that
country but then was removed and these
people get their money back no oh
all so because of because of the the
digital handshake that needs to happen
if they bought games through orgies
Christ people in what country is it now
some fuckers those absolute fuckers what
country me Mayan Mar it's him I don't
know it doesn't matter it doesn't matter
it should this should happen in zero
countries it should happen in zero
countries if you buy a game proprietary
the country is zero you bought the game
it's yours and if they take it away you
should get your full fucking refund full
full what I want to say if I'm if I read
the article on it correctly there was
some sort of trade sanction that went up
on Mayan Mar but then was removed but EA
like didn't get the memo in time or
didn't care and so I had to shut down
all business in Myanmar so they closed
down origin there but then the trade
sanctions were lifted and so but EA
didn't lift their trade saying it's it's
complicated the only thing that matters
is people bought games and now they
can't play them which fucking sucks
gog.com I won't stop showing them until
they stop selling Darren free stuff and
you know what like gog has the GOG
galaxy which is like a Steam client and
yeah but you can still download the
executables and we put them on a disk
potion and whatever you want to install
your fucking game you just do it but if
you like having the the one place to
play your games Bible games you go to
GOG galaxy it works great origin origin
that was fuckin those fucking pricks

[Part II]
origin that was fuckin those fucking
pricks yo says hammer cap do you fellas
think the switch will be released in
partial packages ie tablet only home
station only or just the one complete
sense um I I don't fucking know what
fuck you asking me for like i know what
nintendo is gonna do they can do
whatever crazy thing they want to do my
assumption will be complete set only and
nintendo hasnt has never been much one
for for piecemeal why would you even
think that we do it piecemeal like
what's the precedence for a Nintendo
none I mean even for I don't even know
what you're so here's how much I care
about about those three Nintendo games
you're gonna want to play I don't know
anything about this like great it's it's
a tablet with like a controller thing
that unhooks from it right and you can
also plug it into a TV yeah okay that's
all it is what would be sold separately
in this package I maybe they're thinking
like you could just buy the tablet well
how does it hook to a TV I'm assuming is
your second you need a cord is a dock
it's like a docking station that you put
it into this it's not just like a cord
that comes out of tablet no it's like a
it's like a it's like a dock and so you
put the screen in the dock and it also
doubles as a charge I thought the dock
was just like for the controllers that
go on the side of the thing no no you
put that you put it in the dock and then
you take the controller's off what a
wacky gimmick well you see Stan okay
okay no I will fucking not buy an NES I
will buy an NES classic maybe as a
Christmas gift for someone else rich
being overly cynical as always when was
the last fucking time a Nintendo system
came out that had more than four games
I'll be generous four games at four
games that you really really had to play
when was that
I know you were joking Ivan's eyes but I
dead fucking that fucking NES classic is
the dumbest fucking thing ever
dumbest thing ever these are games that
are already available on virtual
consoles these it's a great Christmas
gift if you know someone whose yes if
you know someone who's kind of into
gaming like or you know someone who you
used to play games with this is a nice
cheap Christmas gift that you can get
someone and they'll think it's cute and
maybe you'll play a little bit on
Christmas Day and then they won't think
about it ever but it's a you know it's a
nice unique Christmas gift that you can
get to something gift for someone but as
far as our gamer is concerned it's it's
useless Oh am I already getting fucking
alright alright loner our chances Jack
why does the stream say you are
currently playing how Halcyon six also
talk about animal politics such as bears
being inferior am i right rich bears are
awful especially those living in Chicago
every Packers fan is an asshole
there you go every single one I've ever
run across has been a jerk about the
fact that they're a Packers fan they
can't just say how do you like a
different team than me okay they gotta
like be an asshole about it like like
it's a mandate it's a fuckin mandate I
don't know why it still says Halcyon I
thought I updated it I just double
updated it in case I didn't hit the
button earlier it should be saying FTL
you might need to refresh your browser
Oh
so half math half cats
the reason third-party candidates can
cannot gain momentum is because we have
a winner-take-all election system which
rewards two huge parties it's not that
there's not a base the two parties are
too big I think that's kind of this
we're saying the same thing only
differently that we do have two very
large parties and those large those two
very large parties encompass a large
amount of what
people are looking for in a candidate a
liberal or conservative but I think I
think if you can get a small group you
know like let's make up a let's make up
a party right the the our our party's
platform is we want no no zombie games
and we want what was the other thing
that we're gonna do in our as far as
politics is concerned I don't remember
what I don't remember either so we want
no zombie games and we want you know FTL
free for everyone that's our party
platform right if if you can find you
know a handful of smaller elected
officials that feel the same way and
have a base then you can start growing
your constituents and growing in power
and spreading out branching out but you
need something that separates you from
the major candidates something important
enough to separate you you need a party
platform you need base flibbertigibbet
flibbertigibbet s-- craig nation hey
jack considered this tip a thank you for
so strongly recommending binding of
issac I finally played it and can barely
put it down here's hoping they make they
they make if they eventually make a
movie yeah binding of issac is great is
the greatest Shyamal is Ed Wood says we
had little King's little King story
never heard of it don't care about it
Metroid Prime trilogy don't care about
Metroid Mario Galaxy yeah that was good
yeah Donkey Kong there's a new Donkey go
which one is a new document I don't
never like the Donkey Kong games
Xenoblade don't give a fuck about Z no
go away also metro Metroid Prime trilogy
was a remake Oh
wasn't the last one on the way only the
third one I don't know about we use I
don't I don't know the we had okay yeah
sorry but like like met no but Metroid 1
& 2 were game q like sure they have the
trilogy but metric improve and obviously
this is only my personal opinion but I'm
I'm the one who's saying I don't give a
shit about the new Nintendo console
because they never release games right
so you don't care about doctor Xenoblade
I don't care cuz they don't know much
about it but I never cared about it
that's for sure
wonderful 101 I've heard good things
what is that I don't I don't know much
about it Xenoblade X split soon the one
with those on the funky-ass aiming so
you're talking about Wii U we had little
King's Wii U has Bayonetta yo Mario 3d
World
yeah keeps scrolling as people say too
many things I know I lost it them I lost
it you have terrible taste
yeah blow it out your ass I'll tell you
what to like a rich says slip ball 23
have you ever read Seamus Young's Mass
Effect retrospective article series No
More Heroes she got me there no no I
have not read the Mass Effect Madden
retrospective series the series is wrong
nothing that nothing can change that
it's it's very they're saying it's very
similar to the planket prequel reviews
in scope and attention thing you can
read or just like a series of videos a
nun article series interesting written
em I'm interested really famous young
Seamus young keep that in here all right
great put that my brain pocket put that
in your brain pocket Jiminy Cricket
prick bastard says because we have
winner-take-all election rules anything
more than two parties is mathematically
unstable the medium voter theory
explains it perfectly
CGP grey did a whole video on him I
think I remember them I hate missile
launchers with a burning fucking passion
oh man people and what for everyone who
says don't talk politics a lot of people
like talking about politics are so we
can't avoid it
we can't even can't avoid it two days
away from a presidential election
fucking I'm wasting my last missile
thing take out that fucking missile
launcher the real van says the reason we
only have two parties is because of
something called juvie Jersey law which
states that when elections are won on a
first pass first pass the pole system
two parties tend to form okay pay clam
do you enrich you still read comics have
you ever read saga I'd say it's one of
the best comic book it's the best comic
book right now I know people love Chu I
could never really get into it someone
sent me a copy of Chu and I never really
liked it rich you read any comics
recently no I just stopped reading comic
books like a decade ago people keep
asking me about comic books I'm reading
there well I think they just wondering
as far as as far as why mask the
previous games have been ruined because
the third at the end the third one it
was so depressing set up Mass Effect
lady talking about my specs now because
I was just talking more comics yeah
Mass Effect rich Wow tell us about write
a thing while you don't mind you like
the first two and I think it's being
sarcastic right and I'm not sure okay if
they feel depressing now because of the
ending of the third game you know how
the whole story and it just feels like
it feels like playing through a funeral
mmm it feels like you're at a funeral
there you go there you go
you're in the you're in the back car in
the funeral procession and you're on
your way to the grave and it's not a fun
feeling it's not fun to play Mass Effect
anymore it's just depressing the slip oh
yeah posted link that's how the series
has been ruined slip ball yes post a
link to the Sheamus young article series
and I will click on it and give give
rich villain yeah thank you shaming
thank you slip at ball
as far as comics I have been getting
back into them and I've been really
happy with the valiant series Archer and
Armstrong and Harbinger those are super
great I also read miss Marvel and I
haven't been reading much of it lately
but I was really enjoying the new the
new Batgirl series the Batgirl of
Bellevue or Bayside or I don't know one
of those the the Batgirl one bad girl
turned into cutesy Bootsy I like I liked
it a lot
as kids kids Bootsy Batgirl the DLC
ending of Mass Effect 3 did not fix
anything that was wrong with the ending
of Mass Effect 3 just added to the crap
you know like that is more of a jackass
I have heard I would love sava saga I
know that I will try to add it to my
list
I know I know i I've heard I'd love it
I'm super back into comic books comic
books now mostly because of comics
allergies we're talking about two
different things we don't care because I
don't care about comics you don't care
about massive exactly the Illusive man
was one of the best villains ever until
the third game turned him into a comic
book supervillain in most effect - oh
boy was he really interesting and there
was some gray area oh you got to third
oh he's just evil yeah it was great I
said three was wonderful because art
dying and depression means art it's deep
video games really are deep because
depression dark endings make good people
like sad me make sad now fun adventure
story should end in misery make art
I know I'm sorry by the way for anyone
who like was following my branch of the
comics or Rich's brand of the Mass
Effect it's got a weird turn but that
you know what that's just what's gonna
happen I'm sorry I'm done I'm done I'm
done
it's fine I thought that was pretty
funny we'll just wait our turns where
was I BOTS nur mustard lover rich yeah
what do you think about Al Elam Garrick
his fine character okay another Deep
Space nine curve I assume you want a
better conversation about Deep Space
nine Mike's really the one I think you
need to talk to he liked that show more
than I did I like the show it's not my
favorite Trek it's it's very anti Trek
and I'm not gonna go into that I've
talked about that stream before but yeah
I think Mike's the one who really really
got into deep space 9 for a while ok
next time he's on stream you can oh and
I got your link to the Seamus oh no
thank you I will I will make sure I
share that with rich after the stream
hmm you know also my favorite about
snare must-read love wishes my favorite
Enterprise design is the F from Star
Trek Online ok no idea what that looks
like
oh I'm sure it looks like something that
looks like a thing sure does non bun bun
buns bun bun buns well of the buh buh
buh buh buh buh buh and we'll work our
way up to it
when does he come on to play dr. Mario
yep yeah be any day now I remember I
remember him saying we tried we really
did we tried we really tried to pin him
down and every time he said he was
interested he flaked out last minute and
we got the hints listening yeah we got
the hand pretty girl fast
all right we're just gonna sleep okay
anonymous says just started watching
black mirror and season 1 episode 2 15
million merits is one of my favorite
things I've seen recently I can only
only hope it gets better does it Jack
yes yes it does I mean obviously that
first the pigfucker episode as we've
talked about is is a harsh way to start
the series but 15 million merits is when
you start to understand what the series
is really about like that's the kind of
sci-fi way to get to the next episode
it's even better think fucker 1 sounds
great to me have you still not seen any
of it the the next episode about about
recording recording what your eyes see
to replay at any time is freaking
beautiful sold me on the whole series um
I still need to watch the new season I
haven't seen it yet but I'm very excited
I fuckin missile launchers I just cannot
get over the pig fuckin part of it well
you know that's what it's about I've
only seen the pig fucker episode
interesting enough for me to continue
the show eventually it's it gets I feel
like it gets so much better so much more
interesting like that when the sci-fi
elements start kicking in because
there's no real sci-fi element to the
big fucking episode later episodes is
when it just you get it it's so good
after the I mean the big fucking episode
it is good in hindsight but that turned
me off to the series for so long cuz cuz
cuz he fucks pig
a human human fuck you to game dreamer
gku you don't need to watch the pig
fucking episode it's an anthology you
know it's a it's an anthology so every
episode is its own thing isn't isn't in
somewhere you do not need to watch
season 1 episode 1 aka the pig fucking
episode I'm a bit of a completist so I
like watching it in order it sounds like
a great premise it is a great premise
it's a classic moral dilemma I haven't
seen it but I've heard about it live J
raved about love loved it and like I
said had I had that been like episode 3
I would have been comfortable with it
because I would have understand the tone
but I was promised Twilight Zone with
sci-fi and it was a guy fucking a pig
Taco Fox you're on the team psycho Fox
mm-hmm russian guy ovitch says has rich
changed his opinion on Marvel Cinematic
Universe Civil War
I haven't rewatched it so no he was
overly negative about it on half in the
bag I was overly blah about it I'm sorry
it was blah to me the the that
gratuitous superhero team-up fight just
felt gratuitous I wish they'd just
either focused on the Buckey story or or
focused on having a big superhero brawl
and felt like they're trying to do two
different things and I think on rewatch
for me it was a lot more I did agree
with rich a little bit on that but on
rewatch it was a lot more cohesive to me
but britches blah on the universe in
general so that's it dr. Harry Lime says
I didn't think you'd read a blatant plug
out have more dollars before the tank I
don't know what that means
anonymous says did somebody let M night
Shyamalan have a camera again and gave
him James McAvoy what the fuck happened
I don't know what you're talking about
this time it's lupus says hey Jack you
don't remember when you took off your
shirt and did a dirty Dan
to the theme of Jurassic Park those must
have been some amazing drugs oh talking
about what I did on I'm taking the ship
out or we're all dying I don't care
anymore you just want the slugs to die
I need scrap okay every ship has a
freaking missile launcher and to shields
except with this one but I got a deal
with fucking fire no cuz didn't take out
the missile launcher it was a worthless
oh I'm sorry I'm sorry
Oh TC Brady 133 says how weird is it
that Macaulay Culkin is on an episode of
best of the worst
I was shocked shocked I tell you shocked
do you know any other famous people that
are fans of rlm or any famous people who
have watched a video of yours I mean
back and Patton Oswalt Madden Madden
Oswalt he's a fan of our stuff when we
when we shot Damon Lindelof Damon
Lindelof or Simon Pegg Simon Pegg it
when we shot with Patton the space cop
Ben he was he was talking about like
current best of the worst stuff so he
keeps up on episodes he was asking us
questions about current that's the worst
stuff so I don't know regularly watches
according to sources unnamed sources red
letter media content is watched by
famous people that's all I can say and
it's not like you're saying much value
nope hey there we go Jiminy Cricket pick
brass is if everyone hates clowns why
are they still a thing that is paid for
it I think this whole hate clown thing
is overblown bill that many people hate
clowns
some parents buy clothes for their kids
who don't realize that the kids don't
really like the clowns all that much
they don't they like clowns and that's
horseshit and people like pull up you're
full of
horseshit people down people like them
they're like clowns everybody likes
client ever likes clowns
you're going to see a clown at a clown
does a funny thing is if I everybody
have it's a great time everybody has a
great fun time of clowns since mounds of
fall since when never this has never
happened and the juggle and they do my
memory shit and they should give a shit
about juggling a shit on juggling you
general but you know we don't need a
clown to juggle you need a fucking
juggler you hire a fucking juggler if
you want to see juggling oh that's all I
got is Joker clown does Gerald
buffoonery everyone likes the common
clown creeps you out
everybody likes what a clown does great
I'm glad we can agree that everyone
likes come on anonymous says I saw
gobbledygook did a little homework for
you and found a chef who shields in a
missile launcher to shield a missile
launcher that's the name of the stream
to shield on the middle
Gavin Luke's did a little homework for
you and found a chef on twitch that
swears up and down that hot dogs are
sandwiches thanks to that man's ground
work is the documentary back that's true
you know what I caught a little bit of
live cooking on Twitch gobbledygook
reached out to one of the live cooks and
asked them if a hot dog is the sandwich
the chef said that yes hot dogs are
sandwich and I saw I actually I joined
in and he was making some Bipin Bop
bibimbap and I watching live cooking it
was actually pretty cool
okay I don't know have you ever watched
a cooking show no okay I like cooking
shows but watching a guy like cook live
was pretty neat and I actually really
enjoyed it and I hope that twitch keeps
that around because that was pretty fun
just watching someone cook up a meal in
real time was really interesting and
even though I just tuned in to hear him
talk about whether or not a hot dog is a
sandwich I kept watching throughout the
making of the bibimbap
oh shit jack is one step from social
eating no I did what I mean they ate it
afterwards so I stuck around for a
little bit but once they started eating
it I tuned out but I thought it was
really neat
I thought live cooking was really neat
and I liked it cooking is cool it's an
art yeah we're dying I don't I just
don't care it's been a bullshit run yes
Captain James May that's exactly what
has tagged Project Hornet is it's a live
cooking stream
it's my live cooking stream that I'm
working I am NOT I'm not gonna watch a
socially injury I just don't I think it
would be weird I think it would be
really weird game child UK either of you
have either of you watched the show
Fargo related to the Coen Brothers film
of the same name finished season one and
it's amazing yes I've seen both seasons
of Fargo
I prefer season 1 season 2 is also very
good but I prefer season 1 great show
quality show the Coen brothers aren't
actually involved at all but it is based
off of their Fargo show amazing always
amazing
I prefer season 1 to season 2 but yes
far too rich you have you see Fargo you
know great also ever use the Site g2a I
just got guacamelee steam key for three
dollars I don't know what g2a is no idea
but you can never know jack not not
really no apparently not rich have you
seen what any Westworld I don't know I
saw of the first episode of Westworld
and enjoyed it and got too busy and
never got around to watching any of your
episodes no it's fine
it's fucking fine g2a is a scam do not
use you to a ban who ever said that rich
hasn't seen Fargo because of some
perceived slide well aren't you an
asshole
no I just haven't seen Fargo give me a
reason to watch it I don't care
fuck off oh my oh my god by the way yeah
everyone in the chat every single person
in chat is saying that g2a uses stolen
sells stolen keys oh so apparently don't
don't do don't use you too eh
whoever you are if you can even get a
game at a deal but it's like buying a
stereo out of the trunk of a car this
fell off this steam key right here fell
off the back of a truck you know I'm
saying fell off it das he'll do for real
cheaper
all right great i-i've never used it I
now that people are saying it's a scam I
think I have heard of it as a scam but
hey rich
but the Virtual Boy had plenty of great
games hey guys says old handsaw who are
some of your favorite movie composers do
you think scores have gotten better or
worse over the past few decades this is
what gotten better or worse scores like
film scores film scores a yeah great I
can't think of any memorable and say the
honest truth but honestly I don't watch
that many movies like I'm and I'm not
terribly like I'm not into composers and
koror's obviously a good score is is a
welcome addition but I like I'm that's
that's not part of the moviemaking that
I'm usually into I know they if anyone
watches uh who just did a big thing on
film scores ever every frame of painting
like just did a thing on
unlike the Marvel Universe's film scores
and how they're like overly bland and
while I agreed with that I thought the
doctor for the adventure theme like The
Avengers theme oh yeah yeah I can't
think of it I can't no but there's been
times where it's been stuck in my head
okay so so there you go here's what I
can tell you about film scores
did anyone did everyone see the the new
Wonder Woman trailer the full Wonder
Woman trailer I thought it was good
trailer and you know like they have this
very like epic war score going through
the whole thing and then at the end the
Wonder Woman title comes in and they cut
to that awful guitar riff that they used
in dawn of Justice do you remember that
whenever Wonder Woman was on screen and
no one tuned it out it was like the
ugliest chunky guitar riff and they cut
to that and I fuck it was like nails on
a chalkboard going from like orchestral
epic war music to this awful clunky
guitar riff if I really don't have much
to work with her that riff sucks mr.
Bibbs I hate it I hate that guitar riff
it's so lame I only have three that work
with oh my god this is terrible it
wouldn't surprise me if like that was if
Zack Snyder wrote that guitar riff and
insisted it be in the movie fucking hate
that rift
oh yes I laughed out loud in the theater
when that that stupid guitar riff came
on every time that Wonder Woman oh I got
it fucking hate it I fucking hate it
that's what I can tell you and but I did
like the music and Doctor Strange and I
just saw that that composer is also now
doing some music for spider-man
homecoming so that's exciting
that's another reason to be excited for
spider-man homecoming this is insane
what this is insane what's happening
I've got like no energy to work with but
a long time since I've used this ship no
okay
does rich know the halberd can cut
through one shield oh yeah that's right
it's okay I've forgotten about that been
a while that's fine that's fine
Highlander aka I'm getting through all
of the tips I've been kind of barreling
through so I just gave myself a little
breath to read the chat because if I
don't read the chat the chat gets mad at
me so I'm looking through the chat a
little bit now and then I will get back
to the tips I will get to your tip I
swear I am not planning on seeing hacks
are rich rich are you planning on seeing
hacks are what is hex are rich it's a
war movie directed by Mel Gibson who
appeared people aren't mad at anymore
what did I say what did I say about Mel
Gibson he'll never be forgiven what did
I said no this is what you said time
time yeah everything's cool now
everything in don't hype the Wonder
Woman trailer or the trailer park guys
we'll get more control no I thought the
trailer was I I thought it was a pretty
good trailer until that end thing I'm
I'm thinking that the Wonder Woman movie
is looking alright I will probably go
see the Wonder Woman movie even though I
just heard they're doing reshoots on it
they're doing reshoots and the wonderful
movie which comes out pretty damn soon
something-something comic book movie
something something comic book movie
more comic book movies comic book movies
Wonder Woman Wonder Woman comic book
comic book comic book comic book that's
what I have to say about that comic book
comic book comic book comic book rich
and rich gets it rich gets it this time
it's lupus says guys November 8th is a
huge day the conclusion to a long
drawn-out drawn-out waste of time is
coming I'm of course talking about David
Webber's Safehold Hayes book series
loved the plots but he's a shit writer
there you go Jack and rich one love you
guys keep it
good work thank you - do you honestly
think valve will ever make half-life 3
some point you think yeah I think
they're done I think they're done so
many great story arcs are still in play
I would like for them to make half-life
3 I want to play more here's the
question why haven't they there you will
have it within if you answer that
question you will have your answer mom
why haven't they my assumption is that
is that that valve is a prop both a
profitable business and a group of
creatives
and they kind of thrive either when
they're making a lot of money or being
out there and being creative
I haven't played any of the episodes
remember episodic gaming that was the
new thing I was that's the thing as the
future baby it's the future I was in the
future rich because we can get him out
faster didn't they leave it on a
cliffhanger no is that a very artistic
thing to do well here's the point I was
getting to okay that was the setup to my
point so they they either like making
money or they like being creative and
artistic I think they realized the real
money was in running steam and I was oh
I was setting up my point oh I didn't
know that I didn't know you were going
on I thought you're gonna make some
point of being artists well and I was
gonna make some cynical point about
making money I didn't know you're gonna
make the cynical point I have to cynical
points and oh I'm sorry I am I apologize
as suol cynical points one is there's
not enough profit in half-life 3 okay
and two is they can't do anything
creatively I don't know about an O
people would buy half-life 3 but it
would be a lot of effort and a lot of
money they'd have to spend to make that
profit exactly there's not enough profit
in it okay and from a creative
standpoint they're kind of done with the
series so they can't do anything fun
with it so they don't care creatively
and there's not enough money involved
into it I was gonna make - a cynical
point I'm sorry jack I jumped the gun I
absolutely jumped the gun on you there's
not enough profit because it will cost a
lot of money
to make will be profit it'll just be
it'll be a much more difficult profit
than just making money off of selling
shit on Steam is right they can spend
their time making whatever fucking game
they want and continue to make money off
of steam all right then I have two
questions okay
why either okay why haven't they farmed
it out to somebody else are you to say
because they care about the property was
that is that the answer because they
don't want to be so outs about it
because they care about half-life no
okay
brand retention brand retention it's not
because they care about the property
they care about the quality of content
okay then here's another question
no there's question - will it happen
once Gabe does once the valve has new
cynical greedy management will it happen
in some form even if they sell it out a
new vermin out to someone else new
management now owns all of Valve's
intellectual property yes you know I
guess it depends on how reason it's not
my obsession with branding that is ever
every business fucking cares about their
branding that's what's super important
if you run a business that's not just me
that's every business son-of-a-bitch
I want you to I want you right now to
think about Valve's track record as far
as a game maker is concerned and I want
you to think about the stinkers in their
name a stinker that came out of valve
and I will tell you it is hard to think
of a stinker businesses are nuts about
branding sure everybody write anything
wet so they they won't farm it out in
the danger that even even if it's a like
a an okay game you don't want that on
their track record don't come but new
management new management if they think
it can make money they will absolutely
rush something out the door
ea EA eventually buyers valve oh then
we're seeing episode three four five and
six all within a six month period
absolutely
Oh a3 from anonymous snoot oh my noodle
okay that's a very good point very good
point then you haven't made the blue
blaze have you guys try to leave
dangerous yet a little bit and I should
play more I don't know why I have it but
I'd look neat all right
apparently maybe this is their 70,000
games everyone is selling that
independence plate including Final
Fantasy 15 extra punctuation
Yahtzee crow shows written column does a
does a good write-up of it so okay great
great Highlander a K says I got three
whole subscribers after you retweeted my
video today
you're welcome Highlander okay finally
some well-deserved Fame and recognition
thanks you hacks LOL pool my tool PS is
it fine to use our LM content like that
I'm okay with it he uh Highlander a K
did like a cut of our Gears of War for
video where there's like a still image
where it looked like you were sleeping
okay
and so it was that and then it cut to me
and I was talking and then it cut back
to you and you were sleeping and then it
cut back to me and I was talking and I
thought it was really fun okay okay
as long as you do something creative
it I'm okay with that sounds like
something we would actually do exactly
and that's only speaking for prereq
videos but listen if you do something
creative you get a kick out of it
I thought that was a really fun video
that's why I repeated what Captain Kirk
what Jack what link it it's on my
Twitter go to the go to our Twitter at
previously Rick I had literally
retweeted it this morning I'm on Twitter
Colin Colin was trying to talk to us on
Twitter today about or the other day
about down about consoles becoming more
like PCs and will we ever see consoles
die and whatnot yeah and decided that it
was too long of a post and he needed to
post it on her Facebook we don't have a
Facebook page because I don't have a
Facebook I don't know if I necessarily
want to get facebook just for a
previously recorded page but I might
what just fuck me I'm sorry experimental
editing is okay I think so
d KF FF IV says by the way I wasted two
hours watching the end of your mr.
president YouTube video expecting you to
eventually get it you fucks listen we
aren't any fault we tried goddamnit we
tried we expected to get it - god damn
it oh man a lot of comments on that
video ah comments but having a lot of
fun moderating that one then having a
lot of fun with them okay where are we
in verse a a s and many euro countries
Austria and many euro countries have
proportional representation say you get
10% of the vote you roughly get 10% of
the seats in government this is why
minor parties and coalition's are
important there it would be interesting
but what you would be talking about is
absolutely changing our governing system
and so what you're talking about is a
tall order completely changing the way
arguably the most powerful country on
the planet governs itself rapidly
diminishing as of right now suretrend
sure arguably as of right now America is
the most powerful country in the world
and changing absolutely the way we
govern ourselves is a very tall order
there might be a better way but you not
only need to convince everyone in
America there's better there's a better
way you need to convince the people
already in power that there's a better
way good fucking luck
that's what China wants America to think
yeah if they keep letting us thinking
someone's talking about pineapples I
don't know honest I love clowns they are
so funny
they are my favorite hooray for clowns
they make me laugh ha ha ha clowns are
so great
please Jack please I said it please let
me leave please let me leave we'll see
we'll see if you if you're still talking
like that when I get home that may be
all right you clowns poke Alex in the
eye hot dogs and sandwiches are both
part of a larger category called
sandwich sandwich II objects great Thank
You Boake accent yeah the blue blaze
says that tip about McAvoy and Asha
Milan is about em night's new movies
split you should check out the trailer
it looks like it'll be a good movie even
if you can see the twist coming a mile
away
how about he just does a movie that
doesn't have a twist when hey wouldn't
that be the twist then maybe he wouldn't
be a joke then again did avatar have a
twist Airbender The Last Airbender that
was a film for hire that wasn't a
Shyamalan he directed it though yeah but
that was a director it didn't have a
twist and it didn't go over well did it
flopped I didn't see it so I guess he
did direct what I'm saying is he did
direct a film that didn't have a twist
as far ibly let's see I don't know much
about Airbender but that wasn't a
Shyamalan film you know the Shyamalan
the the the he is a joke film is the
films that he has written and directed
all right so I've heard the Tilson a
creep revival does not have the rights
to use the Cryptkeeper though but yeah
come on that's saying he has something
to do with the tell us that revival all
right which I have heard I don't know if
it's true does not have the right to use
the Cryptkeeper well you need to use the
fucking I know you never I know you do
or else it's not the tales from the
fucking Crypt well technically this is
based on kind of Brooke
keeper I guess the comic book had a crib
keeper but the crypt keeper's it was
different presented differently the Krag
the keeper isn't gonna have that you're
not gonna have that I didn't see the
visit
did you see the visit what is the visit
that's a Shyamalan movie no I did not
say that isn't great is it about a visit
it's about I think it's about it was
about children visiting their
grandparents and their grandparents
might be evil like out in a cabin in the
ceragem howdy do you guys partake in
making stuff for Thanksgiving I'm
excited for a day dedicated to shameless
eating my sis and I usually do a fusion
Taiwanese an American food thing r.i.p
butternut bro Oh butternut bro lately
for thanks gaying I've just gone to
Karen's mother's place since she'd she
just do anything too fancy just looks
like a chicken breast she hasn't done a
whole turkey because no need sure for a
while I was deep-frying turkeys and if
you've ever eaten a deep-fried turkey
you know it is the only way you should
make a turkey because it is so delicious
deep frying a turkey though is very
intensive and it's very messy even it
involves a lot of peanut oil and in
disposing of that peanut oil a lot of
cleanup and a dedicated couple of hours
cooking it outside and normally our
Thanksgivings are pretty cold and so you
have to wait with a boiling turkey
outside okay and that's tough and lately
we haven't we've also had not too many
people coming to our Thanksgiving except
for us and so but I usually do most of
the cooking for Thanksgiving turkey I
make a mean mashed potato man I will
tell you my mashed potatoes they're the
fucking greatest stuffing biscuits
some sort of vegetable and that we don't
usually do anything fancy for the
vegetable a lot of times like baked
brussel sprouts because that'll pair
well with other stuff but I usually do
the majority of the cooking mostly
because I'm I'm pretty good at cooking
and then and then I don't have to do the
dishes you know what that's some
thinking that's something that's
something I'll take care of the cooking
I will be in charge of that you clean it
up hon but usually we have like Lisa's
mom over as well and they don't do it
together and it's fun but biscuit the
cat no biscuits just some just some
classic bisquit Chris quits this quick
crumbly biscuits those are my favourite
kind of biscuits garlic butter mashed
potatoes no not a garlic butter mash
they're actually just regular old mashed
potatoes but it's all in the mashing
process so you know you boil your
potatoes to loosen them up right yes
then you cut them into chunks and send
them through a ricer do note a ricer is
no fucking clue what a ricer is it's a
cup with a sieve on bottom so you know a
bunch of tiny holes and a press and so
you press the potato through the sieve
and then you add in your butter and
cream and mix it all together so you get
perfectly smooth even mashed potatoes
okay no lumps and you add in the cream
to this like rice potatoes and so the
cream and butter are even it's perfect
it's perfect mashed potatoes Yukon Gold
potatoes have a naturally buttery
flavour so they're extra buttery without
Axe adding too much butter it's it's the
way to do it I am not really doing a
cooking show I'm just tell me how I make
Thanksgiving dinner but uh
I love I love I like cooking usually I
don't cook like too much funny food
because of my diet so I usually end up
cooking the same thing and my my
children are pretty picky eaters and so
I end up cooking the same thing often
but uh Thanksgiving I get to go a little
nuts and I like it and I like it but
maybe I'll deep-fry again this year
maybe not it's ahead it's the cleanup is
such a hassle with deep-frying a whole
turkey Jimmy Jim jiminy cricket eject
basket Jack if you could turn any animal
into rich heavens which would it be I
would just turn right right back into
rich so sigh rich I'm gonna turn you in
a rich okay either on mage people saying
it will be over Tuesday but it's just
beginning
Cubs one hell is freezing over and the
bright side it cools global warming and
Jack Fu for getting me into the CWA app
hey you're welcome by the fucking way CW
app is great it's it's it's wonderful if
you like watching all of the shows on CW
of course but I you know there's going
to be a slight amount they make the
shows for like teenage girls apparently
that's those are the type of shows I'm
into all right okay hey hey Timmy okay
with that to each their own
I like to flash I like arrow I like
Supergirl Supergirl this season has been
on fucking points I thought you're gonna
say on Fleck
I could have and I think it's fleet I
thought you're gonna continue the
teenage girl trend theme
i I think Supergirl this season has been
really fantastic more so I love the way
they're doing Cara and she wants she
decided she wants to be a reporter now
and instead of doing like the very
typical thing of she's a really like
naturally just a really great reporter
but her boss just needs to see it she's
actually really terrible at it oh nice
and like her boss is correct you know
she has like a really mean editor yeah
and he's really correct all the time
like you fucking suck at this and you
need to get better and that's really
nice to see it's nice to see a character
with flaws relatable flaws they're
marveling that shit up there marveling
that shit up Flashpoint was as I agree I
agree this stupid alternate timeline
bullshit is the worst god the flash the
thigh he just runs out of enemies so
fast if he wasn't so damn charismatic
I'd be down with that joke he runs out
of enemies so fast huh what do you mean
he runs out of enemies fast
he has no one interesting to fight ever
oh yeah yeah yeah and in the show too I
mean who do you have a guy who is super
fast fight exactly yeah another guy
super fast
and then it's just kind of like to
normal speed people fighting really at
that point you know by the way like the
first two seasons that's what it
devolved into is this guy's really fast
he's your enemy this guy's worth fast
he's here I mean now they have alternate
timeline bullshit and it's it's a it's a
pain in the neck but I love all of the
actors are so damn charismatic and I
just love them for it
I got no dog in that pony show snack
Packard has this been realized yet whoa
what look who the villain is now flash
reverse flash or the rival who's another
speedster or zoom who's a speedster from
an alternate earth dimension that's
the problem led your speedsters there's
a lot of problems but you know what it's
fun it's a fun show
sure sure I've never watched it
oh shit is this a dead end I am fucked
oh we're gonna pay attention No
the trickster Mark Hamill as the
trickster should have never been that
all cuz it was Mark Hamill doing his
Joker voice as a Joker knockoff villain
and while it was cute it just made you
wish he was the Joker and it just made
you want to watch him as the Joker we're
fucked we're absolutely fucked you can
do it rich I believe in you now we're
fucked okay as far as Tuesday being over
there will be a slight amount of hissy
fitting but I think a lot of a lot of it
will die down
oh yeah we're so fucked oh you are so
fucked where does that one above that
one go well that might get you out of it
for the third jump
so fucked
was he the trickster a 90s flash as well
that's funny yeah that's why they that
was a gimmick okay I you know what I
barely remember the 90 / the 90s flashes
his dad I think that's hilarious
okay anonymous says the guitar ah score
will be awesome during Wonder Woman spin
transformation what but that's that was
her her theme music like the guitar was
like you remember no I don't remember at
all it completely I'm memorable and
that's terrible it's terrible fucking
music and I just hope it's not in the
movie I really hope it's not maybe for
the end credits but I just don't want it
in the movie because fucking the worst
anonymous it seems like the 21st century
sucks the yes you just noticed the
dot-com bust Bush versus Gore 9/11 on
Enron priest rape Iraq Katrina the o8
crash the Tea Party Syria the net the
Newton shooting ISIL brexit Trump
thoughts I think there's a lot that was
a lot of words well that would be saying
all the bad but you know what I we got
fucking the Internet and we got FTL and
we have indoor plumbing man we have
fucking indoor plumbing I don't think
you understand how fucking great that is
I I think there's a lot of good and I
think there's a lot of bad and good in
every century we're going through a bit
of a shit time right now cuz it's
election season but I think there's so
there's so much fucking good in the
world we're full of shit we're going to
Mars we're getting solar panel roof
tiles we got we got green M&Ms; now like
everything's great
hot dogs in every corner I think I think
there's so much fucking good and I'm so
fucked rich I got fire I know door
control riches oh I need to get out of
here quick you don't have a fire not yet
but this fucking solar flare event Oh
you leave Elon Musk alone we're going to
fucking Mars no we're not doing it this
is I think relatively speaking we're
going to help you oh that's the only
where we're going relatively speaking to
other centuries we're doing pretty
fucking awesome right now
oh and firing and this is all great this
this is just perfect this is just what I
wanted
this is just what I wanted isn't not my
FTL night that's right we're getting
we're getting fucking robot cars
everybody we're getting that I'll put
all the truckers out of business and it
will fucking ruin the economy what we
have to figure out a new economy that's
gonna be fine we're gonna be fine we're
getting robot cars everybody's gonna be
fine game child UK how's the weather in
Wisconsin right now oh this is fuck
oh you got so fucked
people are living past their 20s this
century right fuckin'-a man
fuckin'-a the weather in Wisconsin right
now is unseasonable warm today for now
today was 70 degrees I went for a walk
today in my t-shirt
it is currently unseasonable warm and
it's weird but you know it's how it
works now wearing shorts down here also
a wear want to move permanently to more
colder climate wearing shorts down here
also ever been to the Twin Cities and if
yes do you like it yes I like I like the
Twin Cities it's gonna get really cold
really fast cuz that's what happens here
we didn't get our hoverboards so we
won't be get we already have fucking
robot cars there they're here already
you can't stop them here already
you're here already robot cars are
driving already and it's gonna be great
because it's gonna force some new
economic standards on people or we'll
just watch just devolve into a
third-world nation when there's nobody
in the lower-class making any kind of
money at all well that's why it's gonna
force us into a new economic situation
like I could force this into a worse one
oh sure sure I mean I don't think that's
going to happen though because you know
why if you think there's gonna be a
government minimum income for everybody
you're dreaming you're dreaming they're
never gonna let that happen here's
here's why it's gonna happen they're
never gonna let that it's never gonna
happen
never here's what's going to happen
here's why it's gonna happen if they'd
be glad to see everyone starve to death
before that happened that is not true
that is definitely because if everyone
starts to that there will be no one
around to buy the self-driving cars
nobody stubbly businesses business
requires people to make money and once
businesses realize that their future
technology means putting a bunch of
people out of work
that means people not buying their
products means it's gonna happen if
business rules the day as we discussed
earlier you said you know money controls
everything they want people to be making
money to buy their shit it's gonna
happen
Ribbit's yes robots all over the place
and you're right beat master you can't
stop it and autonomous cars do not go
well together in the same sentence
autonomous cars you can't stop them I
might be living in a dream world but
that's how I see it going I you know
what I don't see myself as naive I see
myself as optimistic that's why you need
a guaranteed annual income rich yes I
know that but the people in charge are
never going to let that happen
they don't Wisconsin doesn't want people
to have food stamps and you want you
want them to just give people a living
wage it's not gonna happen like I said
it's one of those things where as soon
as business owners realize that they
will be losing money it will happen so
fucking fast your head will spin
how does the economy in our where's that
money coming from what do you mean Oh
like minimum the minimum yes I'm sure it
will it will have to come from taxation
it'll have to come from the taxation of
the business owners but they still need
to spend business owners they still need
to spend that money for the business
owners will be paying to give money to
the people to buy their products yes so
how are they going to make a profit when
the money they're getting obviously they
will be good as the money they're giving
they will be getting more how will be
giving a fucking how fucking I don't
know it'll work and if it doesn't it
won't how will they be getting more how
does that how does that I'm pretty I'm
you know I'm not I'm not like some kind
of weird libertarian who nobody should
have anything but I mean this model
doesn't sound like it works I mean I'm
not an and Rand guy
but I don't see how you could sustain
that mm-hmm well you know obviously you
have you have some people still in the
workforce you just have a dramatically
reduced number in the workforce right
but there are still technically people
technically speaking there are still
like people are still working at a
factory job right not as many people so
those people have to pay a little bit of
money the people making the money have
to pay a little bit of money I don't
know you know listen I'm not an
economist people will still be
productive if the basic it'd be
productive in a basic income situation
they will be hey all right look I don't
mind if it works I don't mind that
sounds like a great safety net it you're
not to worry about losing your job and
you're guaranteed minimum income that
sounds great it's the only if if we want
capitalism to survive it's the only
viable income we have health care right
now that really isn't free health care
right and we have a lot of people who
are frothing at the mouth about it and
you think you think this minimum income
think is gonna happen I'm not saying
it's gonna happen soon okay don't got
this this is not something that's going
to happen in the next eight years with
Hillary this is something that down the
line will need to happen okay absolutely
I think it's the only option if we are
looking at keeping capitalism around
because the second people start losing
their jobs to robots which is already
happening they're not they're no longer
buying products and if they're not
buying products the people selling
products won't make money and they'll
everything will crumble and I don't
think that they're dumb enough to let
everything crumble right my brain was no
down there so the people that lose their
jobs robots yes which is already
happening okay won't be able to buy
products yes and if they're not able to
buy products the people who sell
products then you have Gary Indiana
right on a national scale yes on a
global scale s and I want to believe
that the people who make all that money
are smart enough to not want that to
happen okay
you're I think you're stretching I don't
think this is a stretch at all like this
this is just natural progression of
things dystopia children of men you know
but people who maintain and repair those
robots will beginning to Jeff this is
what I'm saying is that like where I'm
not talking about like everyone in the
country receiving money I'm talking
about a guaranteed minimum so if you
don't have a job you have a guaranteed
minimum you can still buy products and
that pays for the person's job who makes
the product and that pays for the
person's job who who employs the person
who makes that product and each of those
people give a little bit of money to the
one person who buys the product and that
makes sense to me I'm not suggesting
communism at all I'm accepting I'm I'm
saying yes there will be there will
needs to be some socialism evil cumquat
says the problem is business owners
these days do not think that far ahead
they have a looter mentality with our
economy and I agree but eventually that
will crumble
there is a business I know I will not
mention that business okay because it is
a business I know okay and they employed
a lot of people yeah they had they had
over a hundred employees and they were
having a really big problem of employee
turnover they were lose they kept losing
employees which is fine that they could
find new employees but what they
discovered is they were spending a ton
of money every year in new employee
training yeah and those employees
weren't as efficient as the older
employees but they were losing older
employees because they did not want to
raise salaries and that was a big
problem for them because they were
looking at their bottom line and
and well if we raise salaries we'll be
losing money but they were losing even
more money in the rehiring of people
until someone came in and said well if
we give our current employees more money
they will stick around and we won't have
that expense and so I and eventually
after spending so much money they did
realize that the smart call was just
giving their people more money to keep
them around yeah again this is not gonna
happen soon
and we're probably going to see the hint
of a dystopian future before we come
around we're gonna the whole country is
gonna look like Flint Michigan we're
gonna we're gonna be hurtin for a little
bit so you know stock up on bottled
water just for a little bit but I think
it'll get there I think it'll get there
yes after so much money loss they will
they will eventually come around to be
like well let's see if we all pool in a
little bit of money then people can buy
our products again let's see here where
were we anonymous so rich old buddy Oh
pal I must have misheard you you have
plans for Thanksgiving you mean we get
an all-day stream with karyn's to him
for Thanksgiving great
I'm canceling dinner lol hump my rump uh
Jack what are your kids favorites and
least favorites foods you've said their
taste and entertainment is bad what
about food also twitch prime peeps don't
forget to sub sub selectively don't
auto-renew how long is a little bit oh
no not seven years I I mean this we're
probably not gonna see the start of this
for God 15 20 years this is where this
is well down the road
kids favorite food or french fries if
they could only eat french fries that's
all they would ever eat is french fries
french fries are their life french fries
is is love to them when I make them a
meal with french fries they make sure
they say they love me this is the
greatest dinner daddy you made french
fries that's all they care about is
french fries cheese fries you gotta have
the cheese fries no no I don't like
cheese they don't like any cheese both
of them both of them we've had some
slight success with string cheese and
that's that does not compute and very
recently we've had a little success with
grilled cheese I think you've told me
this before I just didn't register
because I can't I can't I understand the
concept because cheese is delicious
Jesus delicious wonderful yeah once you
love cheese absolute love cheese
absolutely
but here we are in a situation in which
children do not like cheese I don't I
just don't believe that is a thing that
can happen it's true it's a thing that
happens I deny the existence of a child
who does not love cheese there they have
so many foods that they just refuse to
eat their children that is tolerance
that's like the least favorite is you
know that's just a thing their their
taste in entertainment isn't always bad
but sometimes bad you know they're kids
they don't they don't care they don't
care about you know the nuances of
storytelling they just want to see the
goofy thing fall down every once in a
while we can agree something that we
want we all want to watch and if they
want to watch their stupid thing I'll go
and do something else
slosh from duck tales hey guys hope
you're doing well rich how do you
reconcile your dislike for turn-based
combat in RPGs with the turn-based
combat in Epcot and the pause feature an
FTL depth
so the depth of what you're doing rather
than you take turns whacking at each
other or your your move here do this
while this will balance of then hmm how
do I handle this
versus the Pokemon that's the difference
and as someone who's okay with
turn-based combat I agree with Richard a
whole heart have you never seen X come
you have to like position your guys and
think ahead of time and see where their
guys are moving and flank and there is
infinitely more strategy involved FTL is
kind of a different beast you know
obviously the pause make yeah turn-based
but it's I think the I think FTL can be
it can be considered a wholly different
thing
no fear no envy rich when the truck
drivers get replaced other consumers
have more buying power that bids up the
cost of health care and dumb internet
videos creating more jobs sure alright
I'm just I'm just heard and suggested
then the loss of the truck drivers would
be a pretty big hit because there are a
lot of truck drivers strength to be
transferred every industry every
brick-and-mortar store has a truck
driver that shows up there with boxes
yep there are a lot of truck drivers one
of the largest employers in America is
the transportation industry yep
absolutely us losing our truck drivers
would be devastating to the American
worker it's also one of you know it's
it's one of those few on you don't need
a education to be a truck driver beyond
knowing how to drive truck obviously so
it's one of those few jobs where you
don't necessarily need a college degree
to do and there are fewer and fewer jobs
like you know career jobs in which you
don't need a college education to do so
we're talking about low education low
skill employment which is disappearing
at a pretty large rate which is a huge
deal which is why stuff like like like
free you know like that's a big thing
for Bernie Sanders and for the
Democratic platform is you know free
college education because you gotta stay
up but you got to stay ahead of
education you have to stay ahead in
education and as far as jobs are
concerned it's it's incredibly important
because our unskilled laborers laborer
sorry our unskilled labor market is
disappearing you know why America was a
superpower after World War Two why that
because scientists well also we did we
dropped like two big bombs because
scientists to change today we're now
doing bombs out that without this like a
football player made those bombs
what no truck driver
well no truck driver either now I do
think more construction jobs are
possible to offset trucks are the
transportation industry is one of the
largest employers in not employers but
you know what I'm saying yeah
working in transportation is one of is
the law if not the largest job market in
America it will be devastating I need
some fucking weapons to pair with this
fucking halberd god damnit you usually
trade skills does involve higher
education not necessarily college
education but education in that trade
skill still counts as higher education
free college isn't just about any
college it's also about getting free
trade school we have a lot of trade
schools in Wisconsin and they cost money
to go to I'm not just talking about
going you know going to uw-madison I'm
talking about also about going to a
trade school to learn air conditioner
repair and the like which is equally as
important and I see I see I see you
typing I saw you typing um you know us
liberals not worried not worried about
the trade schools only worried about
traditional college and that is not true
at all trade school vocational rehab
apprenticeships all very important
usually any job requires some sort of
education Becky asked nicely and I
forgot the name of the guys for sure as
soon as I can get to my menu I'll maybe
grade
from mashed potatoes to Education
Employment policy I love jumping in and
out of the stream train of thought man
stream of conscious this is where we go
what jobs have you guys had I've had so
many fucking jobs I've had so many
goddamn jobs I was a clown did you guys
know that did you guys know as a clown
for a while I haven't had a large number
of jobs oh yeah yeah no I've had a lot
of different jobs like different types
of jobs or you know I'm good I've I've I
bounced around dive time for another
chimp I was a camera I was dead anyway
fuck's a clown it's a wedding DJ was
there much money in clowning
uh yeah yeah yeah there's decent money
in clowning that was when I was really
young and so like I didn't do it very
often but you know I think I was like
you know 14 15 at the time and it was
pretty great 14 15 year old became a
wedding DJ I was a butcher for a while I
learned how to butch which was great
telemarketer of course a dispatcher
office manager had many jobs clowning is
a job I did I went to a school to learn
how to clown yes
a school that taught me the finer arts
of clowning boldly they rode says hey
guys hope you're doing well is rich
aware Sergeant Mark four has finished
brutal doom 64 yeah I don't care about
doom 64 that's great
buddies accomplish that but if I don't
like a look at the sprites I think
they're ugly oh okay it's great it's
great
hint hint we all love do my dreams so I
think I get it put them putting that I
get it
jack of all trades master of none yes
that is what I am I bounced around a lot
how about a store I'm gonna store this
nip vibe I could buy things weapons
sorry Jen says yes politics but how
about that Phoenix right for my birthday
ish search and if I remember correctly
your birthday is in early December I bet
we could make that happen
I bet we can make that happen you bounce
a lot Jack I do bounce a lot I was I was
a bit of an aimless youth it took me it
took me a while to realize that I wanted
to make videos like I've always made
them but it took me a while to realize
that's what I wanted to do I think I I
picked up on it later like looking back
I would yeah I would have focused in on
that maybe gone to school for it but to
me school was kind of pointless because
I didn't have a goal so like I might
have gone to school for hand I decided
on that early
but I didn't figure I didn't figure out
till a little to light that that's just
what really made me happy and what I was
obviously passively good enough at to
make money at but stoner Jack was an
aimless youth really exactly I'm you
know not saying that had something to do
with it but maybe that had something to
do with him no I also just I was aimless
in general in or out of drugs and just
you know I bounced around and it is
tricky turning your hobby into your job
and yeah part of it part of me didn't
want to make that jump like I had I had
a paycheck you know over here I had a
paycheck and giving up the guaranteed
paycheck for the possible paycheck is
really tough and I mean fuck at the time
I had a kid on the way
like I was married and I had a house and
I had a kid coming and you know luckily
you know my wife was very supportive and
yeah she had a job and and we I got a
couple lucky breaks with early jobs and
made the jump made the fucking jump and
it was tough it was a really stressful
time and you know it still is a really
stressful time both my wife and I are
self-employed and which means neither of
us have a guaranteed income and we just
keep working luckily our luckily well
you know what and even without our alum
I had I have good work
you know like Funny or Die happened and
I got jobs out of those videos and I
networked and got jobs out of just
people I met hey you make videos I need
a video for this thing and agree we can
make a video and now I get to be here
and it's great and everything's great
and you can't fucking tell me it's not
great I think it's great except for I'm
losing my voice look if I fix all of the
whole and I don't invest in those
weapons and I'm just gonna keep losing
more holes because I'm not able to do
enough damage quickly enough yep
I wonder if tax wife made him wear
skimpy outfits in exchange for his
allowance yeah yeah no I had to do I had
to do different things like watch my
kids you oh my and do the dishes and
cook the meals I still am mostly a
househusband
because I work on the house so I get the
kids ready for school everyday I take
them to school I pick him up from school
I cleaned the house I do so I do most of
that shit because of homos oh that's
right bellick over rich is juggling
resources people
let the man juggle come on halberd
halberd charge up faster halberd fucking
me over shadow Elliot finds his Jack
have you considered forcing your kids to
watch c-span listening to hours of
Congress talking about laws passed you
know the non boring kind your kids might
enjoy it I know it's a bad joke I think
like we we do a pretty good job of like
limiting their screen time so I honestly
think that they would be just okay
watching anything if it's on TV like if
there's a TV humming oh my god we're
fucked oh Jesus you're so fucked
why is that drone so fucking fast cuz
it's a mark - that's a goddamn fast
drone and I keep missing with the laser
so I can't get a good shot in with the
Hallberg they were just fucked it's not
working yes dad is working jeana's love
oh you know what I'm dumb I didn't have
the point anyway look what didn't you
have that drone Wow
you didn't have the drone I don't have
it up that should have superfast drone I
can't even believe it it's a boom boom
yeah yeah we're done yeah all right as a
nasty run I'm sorry - it happens great
you're right
are any of my kids teachers fans of rlm
or prereq as far as I know nobody Emma
bleah not nobody at my children's
schools no and hopefully they never
learned things that I do like I've
talked to them about the things that I
do and they know that I you know I do
live streaming and video game but you
know I don't believe anyone knows of rlm
or previously recorded they know what I
do I don't believe any of them are fans
I'm I know I was trying to just kill
things faster I would have been dead
anyway
should have jumped yeah I keep jumping
and I keep wasting fuel I keep gaining
no resources because you're not killing
anything
you're fucked either way you made a call
right you made a tactical tactical move
and it didn't work out yeah exactly
congratulations epic Jason's today is
the 17th anniversary of an anime project
I've been working on since 1999
officially I've completed 286 designs
and I've gotten positive responses from
10 actors and nine actresses including
Rutger Howard wish me the best of luck
in the distant future best of luck
that's elective for that thing
the thing with Rutger Hauer Rutger Hauer
anonymous nope a par a pathetic derp
jack
I'm considering moving to Detroit I'm
gonna stop reading right there why
dirt-cheap Virginia Turkey to Detroit
from California Oh for medical reasons
my diet is mostly produce I need very
little meat bread dairy salt or sugar
thoughts on eating healthy in the
Midwest winter I go to the grocery store
and you buy the healthy food this isn't
like magic we still have grocery stores
it's not like it's not like you have to
go to the farm or
or preserves interest in your root
cellar I'm sure wherever you move to in
Detroit will have a fucking Piggly
Wiggly or pick and save or a Walmart
superstore yeah you can you can still
find vegetables most people have thinks
of the Midwest as the flyover zone
that's all we are
that's fucking doesn't realize that
there's civilization like you can go
pretty fall far out and still find a
Walmart Supercenter and even in Walmart
they carry like fucking lettuce find a
store that's owned by one of the major
grocery chains might not be called
Kroger's but I'm sure Kroger owns a
chain somewhere my year near Detroit and
is fucking anything man they're
Albertsons Irv
I'm sure there's a grocery store don't
worry about dude don't fucking worry
about it yes Detroit is in what's called
the no fly and then at the no flies on
the I thought you're talking about
something else that you said fly over
zone hey miss red you said the no-fly
zone oh okay I misread that is the fly
over zone as I understand it's just the
entire Midwest everything everything
that's not the Easter Westco anything
that's not New York or Los Angeles is
flyover country the the country that the
bigwigs have to fly over anonymous says
this is grim but a serious question do
you believe in forced population control
could have a positive impact on our
economic outlook and the labor force how
do you feel about population control
that's a very grim question you're
either it's a population control you are
either talking about telling people when
they can have children or killing people
how is that going to help the way Social
Security is set up you just want the
current generation have more and more
kids she had more people putting money
into that right I
yeah the idea is you have less people
coming in to maintain a stable workforce
I think I think you are talking about a
system that is absolutely unenforceable
you want you wanna you wanna stop China
yeah and Lana and oh how great does that
work I'm just saying never unenforceable
how how great does that work China's
economy is fuckin booming they're also
killing people and exporting that is a
question that's not the question and
their economy is only booming because of
slave labor that's not the question
yeah it's terrible but as a country it's
working for them I think it's the point
I guess that's kind of what I meant by
unenforceable is no no one would
actually allow that to happen here in
America you're assuming it wouldn't be
forced upon America at some point in a
hypothetical future I am assuming that
it's the breakdown of society that has
happened after the trucker's have all
lost their jobs and the whole country
looks like Flint Michigan oh I'm sorry
the trucker's who are also probably like
half the guns the mid-america 2016 is
the end of democracy I don't buy them if
we didn't I wish we you know end the
stream if we didn't have all these names
to read and we have more tips we got we
got more get them get through Zilla four
nope Jiminy Cricket prick bastard
speaking of bond ki-moon the the UN
secretary who did a high-five in a
high-five video hey hey of mine we won
that we stole from it was that in the
Africa's that was in the Africa's and
man we talked their way into that one
what game was that that story in what's
my stream well no that's a different
that was a dinner - that but just the
the infiltration story which were gaming
with Lang's
if you if you weren't here for that you
should check out that story I was one of
my great infiltration stories that not
we didn't that wasn't the one where we
infiltrated ban ki-moon okay but we got
into we got into a state but a part of
the same general trip it just wasn't
that yeah that I have a whole nother
story
oh my god another one on how we got in
an NFL party Leonardo DiCaprio is in a
documentary with him on Nat Geo it's on
YouTube before the flood check it out
see how fucked Greenland and Miami are
oh yeah the new a new global warming
documentary yeah and its babies just
saying guys were so fucked
which is true we're so fucked Zilla four
thousand hey prereq i got myself a
paypal just so i can tip you guys a nice
$2.00 stay awesome thank you keep
playing these games
keep kicking ass we will Zilla four
thousand they should really be spending
that money on like bottled water and
survival gear for the upcoming fall of
democracy Jack says anonymous I'm 33 and
I have not done much with my life I'm
where him I'm 39 I haven't done much of
my life I'm working on my second
bachelor's degree game design and hoping
this time around I can get a lucky break
thanks for sharing your personal story
keep working man just keep working and
keep learning from your mistakes
if you gotta you gotta live when you
fuck up you got to listen to why you
fucked up you can't be like our systems
out to get me
you gotta learn why you fucked up and
get better but sometimes the system is
out to get you know you can do it I
believe in you dr. Gunter who drank er
why don't you play Marvel heroes it's on
Steam and free you handsome
why should I plan fuck why should I play
him what let's what's in it for me
nothing the ego key is snuck in a very
late tip rich China's economy yeah it's
not booming they're having a major
crisis and there is an article linking
okay crisis okay okay that's what I'm
saying is settle the fuck down about
murdering babies and whatnot population
fuck about no babies
apparently not cuz their commies boomin
they're acting that Kannamma King it's
for you fucks I know it Marvel heroes is
for you fucks and I know DC Universe
Online is for you flex I were ready to
read in my voice is Joe Flacco Elite is
Joe Flacco elite says almost broke but I
figured you guys deserve another $4.99
keep up the good work hex how you do of
Lego Lord Belmont for 20 fucking months
in a row and Lord Belmont says going to
play the 7th guest soon so we can shut
the fuck up about it I don't know man do
we have it we might have the 7th guest
yeah I think I might have it I don't
know if you do do we I'm looking to see
if we have it it might be on my Steam
where's my phone I think it's then is it
even on the same reception there is do I
you don't have it what's the tilde mean
oh that's reviews yeah you don't have it
but I might have it all that it was
gifted to us
don't don't add it to cart I think I
have it no and I just opened up a crypt
of the necrodancer
alone and out of my wish lists all games
and I have it yes like that okay I have
I don't know if we're gonna play I don't
worry I don't know if we're gonna play
it and I don't know if you'll ever shut
up about it
I don't know if we're gonna play it
don't know never shut up about right
don't have it scarred I have it we have
it
all right at the car why I have it
I was gonna do the thing but you can't
let the cat out of the bag I was gonna
all right we're gonna play the seventh
guess it was gonna turn it on yeah I was
gonna in the stream that was my plan but
you kept saying well you put it your
card where you put it your cartridge
wait wait why are you quietly and
silently putting that in your cart to
purchase and install that at the last
minute why are you doing that rich I
didn't pick up on your cube yes you got
it you have what am I supposed to do you
have to find out we tweet what you know
what we need rich what off stream we
need a we need it we need to shut up and
trust me Q something like this huh
something like you know like two fingers
like this we need because this has
happened on multiple occasions we need
to shut up and trust me Q okay we're
gonna think about that all right all
right we're gonna play some cast and
does everyone imagine it close your eyes
and pretend you there I have everybody
we're gonna play the seventh guests now
yeah in stream and it's yeah that would
have been funny whatever very funny
I guess we're staying up late tonight to
find the seventh again yeah I get it
I got listen we're like I said we're
gonna work on a Q rebel base just
subscribe would teach prime mister bibs
for 17 months in a row mr. Pibb says the
17th number is the least
funniest one I think that's seventh
actually seventh is the least funniest
no no no 17 Ranger XT the real net boy
says a Sox had come on Ritchie what's
what's wrong with the Sox hat
what's wrong with the sax how'd you like
the Sox
yes I'm not like like I'm not a fan of
the Cubs yeah and I'm a fan of the Sox
so I my socks hat as I have frequently
been doing for 10 years just cuz the
Cubs a team I don't care for or root for
when the World Series
why am i obligated to not wear this you
know you can wear that whatever the fuck
you want fuck that guy wait can we talk
about team allegiance yeah why what are
the circumstances for rooting for a team
and and altering your rooting interest I
I found you almost never alter your
rooting interest wherever you were born
is your team that's just you're you're
really you are that's what I've found
unilaterally I so I know people who were
raised in Wisconsin and have moved out
of state out of country and remain to be
Packer fans because that is their team
Mike Mike roots for the Green Bay
Packers know since he came up her oh
this Mike not allowed to root for the
Green Bay Packers that I mean that's an
exception right like I I have found that
was he a big Bears fan he was never a
huge fan no so he didn't he never had an
allegiance if once you have an
allegiance it making me it could be any
team anywhere no it has to be your team
you have to I believe you have to it has
to be your City team does it have to
whatever you're asking someone who
doesn't care about sports this because
most Milwaukee Milwaukee loves the
Packers the plain Green Bay
that's no we're fucking near like
there's no one it's nowhere fucking near
Milwaukee it's the Bears are a lot
closer
but it's our state team oh I see the
nurse I see that's I know we're trying
to end here but I'm gonna tell dirty
little secret oh I'm fell during a
little secret
what when I was a kid I like the Cubs
I like the Cubs when I was a kid oh no
they were bright you know they had their
their brightly goofy colored uniforms oh
yeah they look nice that was all it
really was to it
bright blue yeah you know I got a little
bit older I didn't really think much
about baseball yeah at all
I I it just wasn't in the back of my
head the sport but when I got older I I
had a hour-long commute to work
I was working sometimes they had me in
Naperville and sometimes I forgot was I
forgot what the name of the frickin city
is it's for the McDonald's headquarter
is okay Woodridge it's somewhere up
somewhere up there and I had a fuck an
hour drive there and I'm not a big music
guy and the radio stations just kept
playing shit I didn't care about so I
would I would listen to baseball games
okay there's a little bit older I wasn't
a kid anymore I'm like fer the Cubs but
the Sox are wrong you know what stupid
to hate the Sox for no reason no I'll
try to listen to some Sox games so you
know kind of listen to both but I
preferred the Cubs sure sure and then
2003 happen like that cops were in the
playoffs the Steve Bartman incident
happened okay and oh was that ugly the
the fans crew the support via if you
don't know the Steve Bartman incident
the Cubs were in the playoffs it was
they they had to win was it one more
game to go to the World Series they were
up three to one in the series
Edwyn one more game and this poor Cubs
fan in the stands see he goes up to grab
this fall ball and the Cubs player
couldn't get it because he went to reach
for it so did ten other people right but
this one guy Steve Bartman took all the
heat and they blamed him for the Cubs
not going to the World Series even
though the Cubs had to lose two more
games for that to happen right everyone
blamed this poor guy the fans did they
had to sneak him out of the stadium it
was really ugly the players fucking
blamed him what it was like this is this
is really disgusting yeah it was kind of
my thought yeah and then they they have
you know there's all that shit but like
afterwards
the ceremony to blow up the ball and I'm
like this is what this is just retarded
Harold Ramis is ceremonially blowing up
a baseball on live TV and they're
talking about fucking goats and this is
pathetic
this is fucking pathetic and then the
players like like the year after they
everyone would like blame each other for
why the team wasn't doing good these
guys are all jerks I can't stand the
fanbase I can't stand the fan culture
and so then I started with my socks okay
you know I started watching more White
Sox games then they got really good it
was like perfect timing
mmm and that's how I switched my
allegiance the my own the counter thing
I mean that's a great story about
switching allegiance though both your
City teams both the teams in which you
were local to would you ever change your
allegiance to of the Brewers or the
Denver Nuggets or the I literally that's
the only baseball teams I know or the
Yankee I mean not the Yankees here's the
thing I probably wouldn't is that silly
or is that rational sport sports fandom
is irrational to me okay okay
III alike in sports fandom to religion
where you know people think that the
religion they were born into is the only
one true religion same go with sports
team I was born in this city so this is
my sports team and I think it's dumb and
so you switched allegiances but you
switched to your other team in your city
okay okay it's still the same don't like
I don't but I don't get sports I'm not a
sports guy you know I did say the Denver
Nuggets that's a team I knew a parent
when I was a kid I didn't like the White
Sox I'll say that when I was a kid it's
still your home team okay you are still
you're just rooting for your different
home team what what football team do you
root for if you live in LA
fucking I don't know no you know what no
one who lives in LA was born in LA so
they vote for their their teams
everyone everyone I know who lives in LA
somewhere else right okay so here we go
back on bang on the sports teams where
were we do we do a rebel base yeah we
did 17 months in row
yeah we're on Ranger XT the real nut boy
the real nut boy says Owen I read that
one Sox head come on Ritchie will fuck
you feminine chicken Mick buttocks great
Swedish AI for 14 months in a row
Swedish AI says my birthday is November
8th so this year I get to celebrate it
and the end of the world as we know it
have a good election everybody
TCL p99 925 fucking months in a row
emery 801 23 fucking months in a row
emery anyone says holy crap 23 months
fudge me sideways I'm just gonna you
read this one too because I need a front
of it
oh yes spooky Dookie 22 fucking months
in a row I do love that one dad fat a
forty two twenty two fucking months in a
row 22 why Herman I don't Denzel
Washington Oh bad guy lot cock j23
Euler's number Captain James May
leftover beefcake twenty four fucking
months in a row and and beefcake says
almost two years of the twat until you
guys get the invoice agooo i can finally
retire to Fiji
yeah monkey man hi castle humberto
Cabbage Patch 420 two fucking months in
a row humberto Cabbage Patch says Steve
Bartman should throw out the first pitch
at Wrigley Field next year Harmon Z
Mama's he says thanks for persuading me
to make a double digits make it to
double digits you assholes
keep it up the great will so do you want
me just to take over because I can hear
your voice it is like I feel no pain but
yeah that's fine jerkwad live says
Klaatu Barada nikto in phorus you rest
your voice is fine you in for us says
six months still unemployed but at least
I get to watch you fucks
six more Jiminy Cricket prick bastard
says thunderous applause Harry fed 21
fucking months in a row lol fuck my cock
ho Cooper old Chris twenty four fucking
months in a row
Pizza Train 1121 fucking months in a row
Artie mental fusion Lando was taken 25
fucking months in a row Lando was taken
says blessed are the cheese makers mmm
I should know I play starter Valley plus
it are that she's also done the cheese
makers Derek Lloyd waffle tale 15 months
in a row foreign cylinder riot crew 29
fucking months in a row and holy shit I
can't believe we're getting to 30 that's
that's some insane shit there right crew
says don't don't for president I can't
fuck this up
don't for presidential candidates you
don't like twats do you know that
apparently it's lats well it's not
that's what the people they say that if
they're if they're from from my ear I'm
Brian this is Tuan and starts it's
definitely taught that I'm stupid you
know what it wat that says all of twat
makes it lose all of its power yes yes
what the real van twelve months in a row
girl dances rich I've heard a great
solution to having to vote against the
lesser of two evils have none of the
above on the ballot if none wins
no one is elected the election is done
again and none of the people on the
ballot the first time around can run
again it would take 17 years to find a
precedence but that's the only problem I
could see with that fro dead that we
throwed that be thrown at me says
finally my European ass is awake to
press this button during stream
samer mouth big fat man 873 exploding
varmint nice Preston Freeman no fear no
Envy 21 fuckin months in a row okay
there it says no fear no he says insert
enrich 7 / Cubs joke here oh you know
what I'll actually insert the joke okay
go ahead what's the difference between
Wrigley Field and a cactus I don't know
what is the difference between a Wrigley
Field and a cactus a cactus has 30,000
pricks on the outside game child UK says
three months ago I stopped being a cheap
fraud hack enjoy being a patron of your
streams keep them coming
we'll do that you give Joe W dude
chuttan w w JD Daniel Tosh and the end
of that didn't flow if I was gonna say
something else but that was just the end
this there's no sentence for me to run
into you kind of waited on I'll read the
statement right after now I can't read
the statement there's no statement WWJD
Daniel Tosh that's how you should say
that otherwise salad or ever solo 56
underscore seven modren sixteen months
in a row I'm playing Schindler's List
them at the turkey factory reckless
twenty five fucking months in a row
reckless says Jesus has it really been
twenty five months thanks for all you do
guys and keep up the good work
lol grab my pussy blood burn and a
horrible glory twenty four fucking
months in a row horrible glory says you
guys glitched last time and missed my
shoutout so you will now read it and
read it in its entirety
JJ's fanservice oh I see what you did
there alright as a stream have a nice
night but fuckers
