Jan 6, 2016
Akinator, Arkham Knight, Bloodborne
https://wwww.twitch.tv/video/51291474
https://wwww.twitch.tv/video/51293212
https://wwww.twitch.tv/video/51294437
https://wwww.twitch.tv/video/51295465
https://wwww.twitch.tv/video/51296156
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q36IQZcIm1A
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xhzQXAk1vUo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x1iEawU-0QI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HjdPo-RunKA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MSeoK9brOFU
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/684837694304837632

[Part I]
you know what you're talking about but
they know you were born they drink it
they don't know what I was talking about
when I said I was utterly bored I was
talking about the Martian I was really
bored during the Martin yeah I thought
it was a good film adaptation you know I
go after watching the movie it made me
really upset that I didn't read the book
first because I could see it being a
really good book it's a really really
good book like a lot of introspection a
lot of internal dialog that in no way
made it through in the film adaptation
because the fit was so boring yeah they
enter interdepartmental stuff and within
NASA you turn in tried to partner yes
plus I really was looking forward to the
film adaptation of what if the Hermes
flyby didn't go as planned what the
contingency plan was for the astronauts
onboard the Hermes in the book Jim
Hurston 90% of the PR well don't give
away the book I was looking forward to
see it's just one line it's not like a
huge plot away it's just an amusing bid
yeah an alternate survival strategy okay
you know it was just it was like one of
those things where it's like I don't
wanna I don't want to like dis it for
being an incredibly formulaic movie and
and but I'd like to I I think that I can
let go of stuff like that when I'm
watching a movie like I never think
ahead in movies
I always just let the movie happen and
then in hindsight think it over but all
that that entire movie of the Martian it
was just like oh this is going to happen
next
it happened next in these skits they
skipped some of the things that happen
to it's just boring see me for me it was
like I love the book and then it's like
oh it was just neat because I was seeing
how they handled some of these things on
film hmm just seeing them act it out
with yours you see how this was the same
and this was done a little differently
and I could see that I could see if you
liked the book liking the movie but as
someone who didn't read the book and
just saw the movie I was just I was just
kind of polite
it's probably just gonna be mostly me on
the mouse but sure what do we have here
we have a kanay der the web genie what
the is a kanay tor the web gene
we're not gonna go to this all night
we're just gonna do this for a little
bit for amusement apparently I just
found out that it that there's a web
version of it which for all I know might
have come first I have this on my tablet
and it's sort of like 20 questions
except it doesn't limit itself to 20
questions and you think of a character
real or fictional
and it asks you questions to try to
guess who your character is
yeah and it's got like 20 questions only
it's like 20,000 questions right but you
pick the character and don't tell me
what character and so we the rich and
Karen were telling me that they were
they were trying to get him to get to
read to guess rich and of course he
would and Karen was wondering whether or
not it could guess me and I'm guessing
that no I don't think I'm internet
famous enough for a kanay tirta guess me
but we're gonna try it live I am in here
yeah and there's there's even a
picture of me yes the weapon the tablet
version yes you are rich Evans you are
famous internet personality yeah I mean
we had to go through it didn't get in
the very first time through but it'll
keep guessing and didn't take too long
to get too rich which was a surprise and
then we did Mike and it got Mike yeah
but now we're gonna see if we can get it
to get Jack sure just puttin just puttin
35 for the edge 300 money okay there's a
mouse boy all right all right thank you
let's play so we're gonna try to get it
to guess me does your character really
exist no no let me tell you he feels
pretty physically yeah with the way
we're doing Jack all right you know what
could find me touch him yet I'm here yep
Jack is Jack is a tangible object so
character yes let it be noted that Karen
just felt my muscles yes your character
a youtuber I'm gonna go with yes sure
George or is your character a girl I
don't think you know I'd make a joke
well and that but I'm not gonna do that
no your character known for minecraft
gaming
no no no not from
it's possible he's played it at some boy
but he's not known for it character a
gamer yes you're a character appear in
every episode of their TV series it
would say webseries so then and no not
every episode I'm gonna say don't know
don't know the weird phrasing okay and
sometimes it'll it'll ask plus they
might come out like best of the worst
and you're not in every episode of that
right and sometimes it's a little
strange like it asked if somebody had
had had to two boys and then you know
you say yes and then it asks does it
have any sons well we already covered
that it's well Owen Tiberius Kirk is
saying TV and web series are the same
now so perhaps at menti I don't know who
knows okay let's see here are you into
politics
No discussed politics
is your character linked to the call of
duty print no you did play it once and
hate it we did it we did one episode
mentioning cult problem Call of Duty but
super no one know when you think Call of
Duty I'm not I'm not
what about probably not probably not
that's a great that's great perfectly
Jack do you play happy wheels I don't
know what happy wheels is Rowan oh well
you might be playing it and not know it
it's your character famous uh knife
funny I don't even know what I funny is
I don't know what I funny is either so
probably not probably not yeah okay you
can know something wrong by mistake and
it'll usually still is your character
British Jack are you secretly pretty I'm
not secretly British no also we tell you
as you gonna save the queen who's your
character reached 1 million subscribers
on YouTube nope not even close your
character have facial hair no no no your
character lives with any area no is your
character white as the day is long
yeah I'd say yes your character a
console gamer yes I am a console Multi
we're multi-platform yeah but I
you know I'm known as a console game
okay can your character transform into a
sword I'm sorry what what youtuber
transforms into a sword I can stand up
really straight does that help that no
no we're gonna say no no your character
from wizard 101 is your character a
ghost now we've said multiple times that
we were ghosts all along yes when he
doesn't get enough sunlight there's a
certain teller but pampers photo with
that go with no no no I'm more a real
person a trick oh oh
is your character a trick shot I have
made trick shot videos yes I am NOT in
any of the trick shot videos probably so
these were trick shot videos video other
people doing Church yes
a few of my popular web series involved
trick shots what what says you chant
what's easy people are saying probably I
like probably probably yes you play
Nintendo games heck yes do you wear blue
clothes don't know not exclusively don't
know I don't yeah I don't wear anything
exclusively wish your character killed
by a man well that goes on with the
ghost theme right rich and the ghosts
thinking of chuggaaconroy
no let's plan nope whoever that is 10
you yes all right
hey so we made it through a round one
and it didn't I do not live in Ohio
no he's okay no as your character been
married yes yes I have been married your
character of children yes geez your
character speak Chinese no no I do not
speak Chinese I liked how you answered
that like you didn't know if I spoke
Chinese or not I could have oh that's
true but the web wouldn't know huh
that's never been on the show I suppose
the web wouldn't know you're okay you're
right your character have a daughter no
no I should character muscular Jack how
do you want to answer this I'm not known
to be okay right now I mean listen I got
his guns if I just went straight to know
that could have been rude as insulting
and I did the nice thing you have you
have Norvell distance sports kind of a
film floor like a runners yeah that's
how we're gonna say it no no no
association with Smosh your character
Chevy no I'm not known to be chubby
let's plays do we do Let's Plays not
really streaming my Felix plans don't
know her probably what do you want to go
with dudududu does your character do
Let's Plays it depends I mean probably
not so probably not do you have only one
child do you love your wife jack I do
okay I am in love with someone does your
character have a brother who is a
youtuber see that again like this is a
tricky thing I know where Moe is my
brother is the person in the trick shot
videos he does the crazy bowling trick
shots but he is not a youtuber he does
not have his own YouTube channel so I
think the answer would be no let's from
one small ball says does your character
look like aids Mobe yes yes he looks
exactly all right what do you want to go
with him this brother thing
yes he is does he care
you know I Moby is named Moby why
because he's disposed idli distantly
related to Herman Melville's moby-dick
sure so that's why it calls himself moly
yeah okay characters not have a dog I do
not have a dog would you character part
robot that would be awesome
does it know sometimes your BOTS
but I'm gonna go No yeah probably go now
is your character from a popular game no
no your character have any pets yes yes
your character link with video games yes
I should character a parent your
character have a car a cat yes okay okay
looks like a heart of me oh wait it's
cat and yes I'm going with yes okay I do
it either way you guys are linked with
rain no with rain yes this is raise your
character female no once again no it's
really not sure Steven plays no no oh
rich the they're saying slight and Mike
static are you getting easier can you
double-check that yours is plugged in
just jammed it in there real good
great are you a father yes that's what
it means when you have so that's what it
means when you're redoing you're not a
woman is a parent we're going with
probably uh probably you wear gloves who
I do wear glasses oh yes yeah always a
Garrigan we're getting we're getting
close I can feel it no I don't live in
Florida do you have multiple heads
what akinator no I do not have multiple
heads as your character linked to
roosterteeth no it's your character yes
yes ooh you know what am i a good singer
I think I am but what are we going with
what are we going with go with probably
probably thanks hi
does your character celebrate Christmas
yes yes I do
can your character be associated with a
famous rapper no not close I can not be
are you obsessed with Tokyo know what
Karen him Canada oh no my secrets out oh
no
there goes your presidential run right
are you a triplet no my wife that
triplet that's weird
did you can kill their adopted father no
I'm not bearded are you related to
Slenderman no I'm not a related to
Slenderman oh your character almost bald
I mean I am almost bald because I am
bald I know I know
whatever you know we need fully bald I
really can't picture you with hair
though oh thank you I think I do too
know they're one of the the very first
best of the worst I was and I still had
the the crown and it looks ridiculous
like a picture of you like with hair
with hair just out of curiosity and some
young man is my I mean say yes you want
to go yes I mean probably yes hmm yes I
think probably yes almost bald is
probably true fully bald only so there I
mean the chat is saying no oh no we
don't know don't think that's a safe
option okay see what I think bully ball
they think like alopecia you know I mean
then men with men with receding hair are
never completely bald because the hair
you know in the back of the neck is
always gonna stay there show their face
like yes you show my face a lot I often
show my face your character who you get
yes do you have a list no no
that's a question for you yeah no you
don't have any character only famous
under a nickname no character have white
hair no no unless your name is like
really John or James or something
character from your family no oh that's
right you can you can see the in the
blinkin episode 1 review you can see me
with hair and a beard oh my does your
character know Tom's syndicate I don't
know who Tom Sam syndicate isn't no
probably not
your character associated with blink-182
no you wear a poncho no no I don't worry
upon Jack character produce Skylander
content no I know character and full
house back he was Uncle Jesse it's time
that's my diary I was born in Canada and
and I was I was one of the I was I was a
stunt double for the Olsen twins at full
house
no Dale at would lose Romans ed woods
brother and I don't know who Roman
Edward is I mean one more round nope oh
it gave up it gave up no I don't think I
am famous enough to be on this okay
which by the way I am okay with I'm
comfortable with that
are we done with this or do we want to
see how many guesses it takes to get to
be Oh No what does the Chad have to say
do they want to see us do this for rich
we know he's in there though we can't
guarantee we'll get to oh they're saying
we should try a mr. Plunkett okay cuz
you've already done words we know rich
is in there Jack Packard no no no no who
world oh who are you thinking about yeah
no massive Jack wants me put it in there
oh sure
Packard like hewlett-packard yep did I
split I think you spilled pact Lord
backwater that's what they called me
when I was fat
Jack pack lard it's not nice no it
wasn't okay wait wait wait on the list
find a character on the list red letter
media hey Weiss Hey there you go
maybe we just didn't answer the
questions we just didn't answer the
questions right you have defeated me
that's right defeated akinator there you
go okay so now let's try mr. Plunkett
has he really existed no no no oh wait
he well feeding frenzy yes I'm going
with yes yes he had and and the talk of
the Dead that's doc all right all right
yes he's been in a movie character a
human being
vaguely character adult man yes yes is
your character wore a mask no your
character been into space not yet your
character animated usually technically
yes time is your character animated I
know I think that means that's the
default so no you care to live in
America yes yes new Joisey no title of a
movie no as your character yes yes yeah
this is bad no wait has your character
played in horror film feeding frenzy
yeah yeah but yeah probably I think
we're gonna confuse it yeah you're
confusing it already
I'm gonna go don't know oh no I don't
know he's been in a horror film asdf
movies what's asdf movies the left hand
home row keys say you say no
I guessing that's where they came up
with a name you know asdf in the show
semicolon technically he was thrown in
the slammer at the end of the episode 1
review yeah well then this he's been to
jail he only mentioned but never
actually seen wait oh I suppose the
first kindness I don't use talks it's
not just mentioned and you see his hand
yeah okay your is not known for his
kindness no in a nursery but now we need
a planket nurse for you right now we're
saying TV is indistinguishable from
webseries now that someone said but I
I'm gonna say no still is your character
younger than 10 no no very much no does
your character dream possibly but not
known for it
yellow hair hair gendry's simulator know
what she character wear a suit yes yes
Oh suit jacket at least well yeah no
dogs no no Joker what get out of here
well probably should have never said yes
to the movie thing in the first place at
the feeding frenzies a Batman movie or
comment oh no no lastly but no no no
link to her children no not the way mr.
Rogers is he kidnapped a kid from a
parking lot died in the movie yes died
in feeding rest she would just ignore
feeding from now you've it's busier to
deepen ah words confusing it I'm gonna
don't know it so are we saying
feeding frenzy doesn't count I'm feeding
frenzy I'm gonna put into the don't know
category okay character a doctor no or
maybe use I don't know climb walls with
ease what main character of his movie Oh
either way it's no character from a
comic book No
no no yes oh yes yes dead wife unless
you were married yes yes yes nice job
akinator you did it you did it
alright so we're going to Pat me I know
let's go to Batman that is celebration
face it's a fairy or Genie girl word
like that wallpaper okay
I figured this was gonna be a lot of
Jibran because it's been a while since
rich and I have seen each other yeah and
so Batman has a ton of new your Rika
play hold on is being used by another
application
what no connection to the Internet
oh that's fine but look at yes what look
at obs
what
oh, for fuck's sake
Jesus jesus H
jeezum Mitch Crist everything plugged in right
I have no idea
properties refresh refresh any where's
my this should be another one in here
there's no other application using that
I guarantee I guarantee it
we did hey listen up everybody we did
tests and we saw this was working are
you in the 32-bit yeah I haven't do
something in order to use the akinator
on there I just I wanted to do to
capture thing I didn't adjust the the oh
god oh one at all
oh no everybody we're it's weird weird
we're failing Elgato was failing now
gato and OBS are failing us well I guess
that's the stream thanks everybody for
coming out you know thanks to all the
new subscribers thanks all the old
subscribers and

[Part II]
chat there's Batman look at that Batman
it's great oh my god we have it we have
a ton of subscribers already Jeff right
Sabre Mao em pal sorry Khan Center um
kool-aid man for 15 months in a row I
like that name
leftover beefcake 14 months in a row go
feta god feta oh I get it
god FATA 42 for 12 months in a room for
pi the magician Justin Harmon for 19
months jesus fucking christ Jebus crisp
Biff meat slab 15 months in a row Oh
John John kilo 3 junkie low 3 who who's
just blue Justin Hormann out of the
water sacrificed his own art stream
tonight to come and mod for us 20 months
in a row smelter wedge in all of us 16
months in a row where you pigeon six one
five Jedi Knights turd Jedi Knights to
Roy Jenkins madryn and nitro inferno
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
it's true we really do give me one
moment here I'm gonna update the stream
now that we're playing Batman
we're gonna play Batman Arkham Knight
Batman Arkham Knight how about tonight
okay how come where are you Batman
Arkham Knight is not showing up oh there
it is
never mind I'm dumb everything's fine
update and updated great a cold day in
hell well that's not showing up okay so
we have a couple new things to play here
we have a Robin story a flip of a coin
and a Catwoman story Catwoman's revenge
hey okay let's play this set after the
events of Arkham Knight play as Catwoman
as she exacts her revenge and the
Riddler that sounds like a great idea
hold on we shouldn't mess with it we
should see what Catwoman outfits we have
how many how many racecourses is the
Riddler gonna make Catwoman play oh do I
not have that downloaded oh darn
who's the Riddler and he doesn't ask her
riddles not in this game not in this
game he designs race courses cuz you
know that makes sense
oh good I do have it active the 1990s
Catwoman skin I like this a lot better
oh you're that Catwoman it's a great gal
it kind of looks like the female version
of the Eddie Murphy jumpsuit hilarious
yeah I can never know which ones purple
which ones are red okay where am i
can't-- ones revenge let's do this I
have to remember how to play a Batman
which is going to be the hardest part
because I'm in blood-borne mode which is
r1 and r2 but Batman is not that okay so
back to the Martian being an incredibly
boring movie yeah
have either of you seen speaking of
incredibly boring movies
okay have either of you seen Jurassic
world no yeah what an incredibly boring
movie it's yeah it's like you know he's
our generic action hero who's rescuing
the woman again and no stakes whatsoever
the characters are incredibly bland we
spend no time with them whatsoever
these people please none of the
characters have like realistic
motivation no there's there's this one
the the boss this time it's not Hammond
anymore the boss this time has this big
spiel about how like money doesn't
matter and he was put in charge of the
park because Hammond wanted the
customers to have a good time spare no
expense and then the very next scene
he's talking about not killing the
indominus rex because it cost so much
money to make it makes no sense and like
the original one i mean the original one
it's like the saving grace was like all
they used majestic awesome round of
sources munch of leaves I'm hanging out
yeah there's like no dinosaurs I would
say that there's no dinosaurs that are
likable but if carry human characters
are so bland that you're rooting for the
dinosaurs to eat them anyway
yeah I've forgotten how to crouch but I
am looking forward to playing the Lego
versions like Lego Lego dinosaurs
running around turning into blocks and
stuff like I'm a huge fan of the Lego uh
the Lego games shit shit
yeah enough that you just got dented
well that happens I've forgotten how to
play Batman you're gonna have to catch
up at ash vs. Evil Dead Jack I know
anything I spent the majority of my
vacation time catching up on shit and
unfortunately I did not get around to
ash versus the Evil Dead okay but like I
saw Jurassic world and was incredibly
bored and I saw the Martian and was
incredibly bored
Oh anodite again you're doing great I
feel like I'm doing great is there a
ceiling vent you can go through instead
maybe I oughta give that a try and don't
forget magic vision because everyone has
that in these games not just bad I did
like that I did like like there was
parts of Jurassic world that I really
liked that they were wondering about
like the petting zoo in in Jurassic
world there's like that little petting
zoo section where the kids are riding
the baby Triceratops that's like that's
adorable and those those ball car things
that they are going through I mean Oh
like they would be a whole lot of fun
didn't like one of those wildlife parks
in Africa where they've got the Lions
and oh they had some really fun ideas
but I also it's it's a minor quibble but
did did female secondary character have
to run around in high heels the entire
movie really I think she took him off
you're not happy with any female
portrayal in the morning you're not
you're not mad max the movie that had
all the MRA people like up in arms
because there was a prominent female in
the movie you didn't like it
you're like crazy about the movie for a
lot of reasons what I know I'm the only
person on earth who doesn't like it you
didn't like Mad Max I didn't you are a
crazy individual I know movie of the
year I know me of the year very
well-regarded by lot of people I'm just
maybe not one of them you're an insane
person I'm a strong person who is
willing to disagree with the crowd yeah
oh oh you know what I kept I can't let
him I can't let him see me that's that's
what's going on here someone in the chat
is saying Road Warriors better that's a
fine argument to make sure sure but fury
road is still fucking great road warrior
did not come out this year that's also
true so so that's why I feel it's my
fury road winds movie of the year
fury road is more stylized
road warriors more bleak and gritty
oh you're just putting like tracers on
them or something no I'm picking their
pockets oh that's neat
so like see this guy here he's got that
like glowing thing on them okay I don't
like the chance fine if you're not
liking for your road they're saying
they're saying you're not the one for me
anymore you know I'm gonna have to agree
with the chat bear our relationship has
weathered many disagreements but can we
weather fury road I don't know that's a
big one that's a big one I had a friend
once who broke up with his girlfriend
because she didn't find airplane funny
he didn't she didn't find an airplane
funny no I do find airplane funny surely
you can't be serious
I am serious and don't call me Shirley
exactly oh wow okay actually last night
rich and I watched for the time frame
Roger Rabbit sure that is absolutely a
favorite that's that's my sense of humor
right there Looney Tunes Looney Tunes
yes do do do do do yeah it may contain
Disney characters but it's definitely a
Looney Tunes movie in terms of its style
it's more like a like a Chuck Jones Tex
Avery kind of a movie
karen was thinking that Roger Rabbit
doesn't get enough love that it's kind
of forgotten and I don't know about that
just cuz they haven't made a ton of
sequels I don't think that means that
the public doesn't love the movie Who
Framed Roger Rabbit yeah that's a that's
a classic as a beloved classic but you
would not agree as me that it's
forgotten
yeah oh no I don't think he's forgotten
I feel like I said I think it's a
classic and regarded as such I mean I'm
shocked I'm shocked they got Disney and
Warner Brothers basically everyone else
to collaborate the first place let alone
to get him to do it again for a sequel
what may hard movies make sequel -
that's what I'm saying cuz they got you
know it's gotta be extremely difficult
and there needs to be like teams of
lawyers to get Mickey Mouse and Bugs
Bunny in the same yes oh I get it I I
you know what I heard that as if you
were saying they also made a secret oh
no no no no what you're I'm trying to
figure out how to get downstairs without
being seen
most ways you could distract people
right I don't know it's been a while
it's been a while since I played son yep
dammit dammit it's been a while since I
played Batman you probably have to cause
a distraction okay or find a vent or
something right
I don't think Catwoman's a Venter I
think she's a sealing her yep now there
was not a sequel to Roger Rabbit but
they talked about it
no I don't know they've talked about it
in a while I don't think it's ever gonna
happen they'll pump you attempted a
reboot at some point I'm sure but you
think have you a hard one to do for the
aforementioned reasons but then Askins
is dead well no they don't care about
that for the legal reasons of getting
these characters together again working
on a contract from gets one
do-do-do-do-do Warner's was smart they'd
want to get the Looney Tunes more
exposure there used to be a TV all the
time they they have a new show but the
classic card it's not the classic
cartoons though there's a generations of
kids that haven't seen the classic Bugs
Bunny shorts or the roadrunner and
coyote
no but Bugs Bunny has a new show cap
wabbit is what it's called it's just
called wabbit wabbit it's very a very
strange name but she actually moves
faster when she's crawling shit damn it
yeah weapon I haven't seen it I've only
seen ads for it while watching other
children's programming but can you not
do stealth takedowns no you cannot do
stealth takedowns I tried I tried doing
a stealth takedown and it did not give
me the option to do one
I just need to steal these three things
from people this guy got one I think she
makes no noise whether she's crouched or
not that's her advantage Wow
why have they not rebooted The Goonies I
thought that would have been the most
obvious yeah goodies is all right
Goonies is a good movie but it's still
overrated it's good but it's not no it
shouldn't be the classic that it's
considered it's not one of the best
movies of the 80s there's a lot of
competition oh yeah I mean oh wait wait
so first we're messing with fury road
now we're messing with The Goonies yeah
it's fine weird we're having words after
this trip Goonies is great
Goonies was all right but I think a lot
of a lot of the appeal is like that
though the wish fulfillment fantasy of
having an adventure when you're a little
kid so I think it was a movie that was
great when I was a kid uh-huh I wish I
could go do this but I wasn't dealt it's
like and I still think it has plenty of
whimsy as an adult but I mean of course
it has that wish fulfillment that was
the point I just wonder if it has a lot
else it was a movie for children
and I've seen I thought a few years ago
with an adult and it just wasn't the
same
yeah 80s was a great decade for movies
the eighties was like the best decade
for movies maybe I'm biased but I'm
gonna say 80s was the best decade for
movies
oh she can go in the ceiling up here too
there was a dollar movie theater the
next town over from me so I saw a lot of
movies of the 80s well they looked at
what else came out the same year Who
Framed Roger Rabbit didn't like every
one of those movies it was great yeah
Quentin Tarantino says 80s was the worst
he doesn't like anything that wasn't
made in the 70s for 50 bucks Tarantino
has a very specific style yeah that he
enjoys
Oh
do-do-do-do-do
a part of my catching up on stuff
extravaganza and the chat may or may not
like this conversation that's about to
happen is I finally got around to
watching one punch man yeah have you
heard of this one punch man karen is not
no it is it's an it's one of those
animes that uh features a superhero who
can defeat anyone with one punch
and so he's often very bored with his
life because he's way too powerful so
this is like a half half hour yeah it's
like a half hour show and at first I
didn't want to really watch it because
like it felt very like it felt very
egotistical to me of this just like
being the creators avatar you know like
oh he's so powerful and he's just so
bored he's the greatest but he's so
bored it's like oh I don't really care
about that and then the show got good
for a little bit there was this really
nice middle zone where it just showed
how like genuinely good of a character
he was even though he was way more
powerful he had concern for ever for
others and then it just piddled out at
the end like most animes do and it's
like yeah I guess that's done I guess
nothing really changes and everything's
stupid I I hated I really hated the
ending of it there was it like two or
three good episodes in there it was like
Trigon rich and I really liked the first
few episodes dragon yeah well you know
Trigon is the same thing right it where
it's like gas itself Vash the Stampede
is like is like the best shooter ever
and he's super powerful and strong but
at least you know he's like oh I don't
want to kill anyone that's his schtick
right yeah and then so it's like a
really great premise a couple good meaty
episodes and then just pedal pedal pedal
well he gets he gets so serious he's
this you know tortured soul alien it's
much more fun when he's this goofball
who's running around screaming
pretending to be incompetent yes
I guess the Scion takedown option so now
we know it's just beat everybody upload
now it's beat everybody have on or at
least that's what I'm doing okay I don't
know if I'm supposed to be doing this I
just want to fight people oh I'm one
full beat them up I forgot how to run
can't woman doesn't run hit the X hold X
Oh hold X oh god everything's terrible
oh jeez too many yeah to me I would say
too many if they see you I just went up
it's fine it's fine
oh whoa whoa I'm up here now fail up go
Calvin go so in any case I was I was I
was really excited about that one punch
man because they had a couple like anime
in general and you know this is probably
why I'm not super into it I think I've
watched more than most but or you know
most people I know but it's like it
usually has like a really solid
interesting premise and then like a
couple good episodes and then they maybe
don't really think about the ending I
think maybe that's just a problem with
TV in general is they don't really think
about the ending what what were my
thoughts on the Last of Us oh that's
right you played The Last of Us oh god
what what was it everything you were
hoping no no and more oh no
it was like it was like the order with a
a maybe a better story but also not
terribly exciting either story
predictable yeah I think the order with
a blender II and predictable story but
at least the story that makes sense
and not nonsense whereas the order only
has bland shooting the game portions of
the last of us don't know necessarily
what kind of game it is sometimes
sometimes it's lackluster self and then
sometimes it's lackluster shooting and
that's that's that's thought I had to
say about it
okay so it was it was exactly what you
were expecting it to be playing and I'm
like okay this characters gonna die here
we're gonna get this reveal at this
point and and then those exact things
happened maybe you could make it work
if you pasted it like a movie but it's
taste like a video game with lots of
time between things that happen so it's
just like like a story with shitty
pacing is what you get yes which is the
problem with story driven video games is
they want to pay some like video games
and not like movies okay well I'm glad
to know I'm glad to know you were right
that makes me happy that you're that
your assumptions about the game were
correct
nowhere near as many like on the rail
sections as the order where you're
literally there's whole sections of the
game where you can't move the camera and
you're just looking for the next prompt
uh-huh less of that okay
this whole sections of the order or
you're just thinking why is this even
here why is this a thing where am I here
why am I here the order of gameplay is
so less inspired a yeah well it's bland
either way you slice it orders just
bland with less variety so less of us
also featured bland gameplay I would say
so yes and that's all that matters
and the story wasn't good enough to pull
you through the gameplay characters
because they were one there was there
was mr. my daughter died uh-huh and then
there was surrogate replacement daughter
oh you know he's got to take care of her
now I sort of go with that and then
there was his partner mrs. has to be
bumped off at some point so the story
can revolve her on just the guy and the
little girl sure mr. mr. happen it has
to be bumped off at some point then the
story started with his daughter
Little Miss definitely gonna have to die
else smalls
do some story elements which probably
could have been find if only they didn't
try to make a game out of it I think
we've talked about that like with with
other game makers as you know the failed
filmmakers and they want so bad to make
their story but you know but they also
know that games need to be longer than
movies I hate the great system in the
Arkham Knight uh-huh
just walk anywhere about being seen
that's what this is oh yeah no I'm just
waiting the firm to come to me and then
I'll take him down oh look another guy
buy a great oh wait there's a couple
guys buy a great I should probably wait
doo-doo-doo-doo can I get away with this
I can't believe I'm getting away with
this my knees keep appearing by these
grates that's weird right
oh shit probably get caught here shit
shit shit just get out of there oh
you're fine you're fine what are they
gonna do here they saw me go down the
Great God they ruined stealth in this
game they just ruined it I didn't do
anything well if you're dumb enough to
stay in that area when you can don't run
anywhere you would have been in trouble
but fortunately you could run anywhere
literally I have the entire run of the
floor
oh I can knock them out faster Oh
do-do-do-do-do how many guys are left
does it even matter do I care about
these guys yeah I have no idea what I'm
supposed to be doing nope that's my own
that's my only problem now is I just
think there's only two left
rich Karen and Jack what is the most
visually ugly film you have ever seen
visually ugly film think about it I
don't know you know that's an
interesting question what makes for a
visually ugly film that's what I was
thinking I'm thinking about animated
films or traditional films I'm assuming
they mean traditional but visually ugly
film hmm you know what kudos for asking
an interesting question that I have no
answer for I'm sorry because I like the
question yeah do we mean like full
revolting images or full of disagreeable
colors poorly poorly edited and sedid
like like like like an Ed Wood movie
sure well you know what you know what
I'm thinking of which is a movie that
has some like really interesting ideas
but is like really ugly because they
didn't have the budget for it did you
guys ever see equilibrium no Christian
Bale futuristic sci-fi fighter gun movie
it has some really interesting story
ideas and and like a weird combat what
are they called gun kata yeah they made
up their own martial arts which is
fighting with guns like they were swords
it's crazy but like just visually
because of the special effects in the
low budget looks very ugly but an
alright film David and Robin that's
pretty garish
garish is putting it lightly
okay all the guys are out
get out of my way wall cuz it's highly
stylized but it's very ugly
highly stylized yes and that's just
atrocious to look at is there magic
vision jack oh thank you
like maybe I was supposed to be looking
for clues or something I wait three oh I
get it
so like that's the warrior so I need to
hit the warrior third so I need to look
for a robot lab a cabin and a Griffin
okay okay great
something merry-go-round up there yeah
yeah like Batarang up there only Batman
gets the Batarang you know what I mean
you know what I may know what you mean
no I'm just telling you why you can't do
it what you want to do he's just telling
you why robot Oh where's wonder using
the keys in the case big red robot turn
right right straight oh okay
so robots number one well this is this
is a Riddler thing this is an actual
riddle yeah
ish I don't know that it's a riddle
it's a resonance it's a puzzle it's not
a it's a puzzle what's in there it's not
ish more robots
no robot more robots a space puzzles
kind of like a visual riddle or
something okay
let's see what we got here so what do
you want about her you're playing your
bubble pop game you're you're playing a
different game while we're playing a
game exactly what she's doing she does
not give no fucks about the back sorry
about what I'm playing dodo pop which is
a fun little Android game where you
you just mindlessly click on colors no
this is not true it's a puzzle game
where you're trying to break open the
right number of colored gumballs and
stuff oh oh and I've got it on the the
Amazon underground thing so I get like
free power-ups and stuff that don't have
to pay real money for because I'm not
gonna pay real money to play dodo about
it I'm gonna take that tablet away is
what I'm gonna do
uh-huh I'm just gonna take it away robot
I've been looking up now and then and
watching Jack crawling around in his
purple jumpsuit and saying nothing which
helps nobody oh I'm very little to add
you guys are talking about games that
I've never played what kind of movie or
game would you like to talk about or a
book
opera and have you guys been watching
the expanse what's that sci-fi show I
haven't seen a sci-fi show what sum up
speak is speaking of visually ugly it's
it's it's based off of us book series
which apparently is very good and it's
about a future Earth and Mars and a
there it's future Earth and Mars we've
colonized Mars at this point there's a
whole Mars civilization there's an earth
civilization and there is an asteroid
belt civilization that is mining
resources for both Earth and Mars and
there they're living between Mars and
Jupiter sorbets exactly okay and and
just kind of you know politics Game of
Thrones in space very much that and it's
it's something that they don't have a
lot of budget for special effects they
don't have a lot of budget for good
actors but the story is so good that you
keep on watching even though like the
acting is kind of bad the special
effects are kind of cheesy
it's like the story it's really good I
mean it's based on a novel yeah or a
series of books it's based on one of
those things where you read words in a
series of books that's never going to be
finished thereby screwing the people
making the show well the makers of the
show knew what they were getting into
that george RR martin he doesn't give no
fucks Game of Thrones I've never watched
I know it's based on a series of books a
Song of Fire and Ice
they are the series of books that aren't
done okay and the show has now caught up
to the books yeah that's a problem
what the fuck did they do well they
could ask George or George RR mount
Martin what he wants him to do I guess
mm-hmm don't you give a little isn't he
giving them like a synopsis isn't that
what's happened or am I wrong about that
I don't know I've heard good things
about Game of Thrones I haven't watched
it I really even though I've got Netflix
and stuff I really don't watch I don't
think it's a lot of ways I watched you
know some YouTube videos and I mess
around on Facebook and I read both I
don't watch a lot of whole episodes of
anything at this at this point the
Internet has ruined my attention span
I'm sitting there watching a half-hour
or something I don't even really do that
that much sure although lately what I've
been watching is have you seen the man
in the high castle oh yeah yeah I really
like that the promise of that is what if
the axis had won in the Second World War
these people are living in a and in
America the the east coast of which is
is run by the Nazis the west coast of
which is run by the Japanese Empire
under the descendants of Hirohito I
guess and then there's a neutral zone in
the like Rocky Mountain States area
maybe even plane states like Illinois
I'm not entirely sure the exact
boundaries of the neutral zone hey
somewhere in there anything that they
have happening in the neutral zones
seems to be happening in like Colorado
or something but he has very fun show
Castle a very grim show yes it is a it
is a world where civil liberties are
more or less non-existent and sounds
Pleasant berries sounds like something I
want to avoid well what would you want
to watch that makes you has all that
feel-good happy feeling I don't know Oh
Star Trek Star Trek - I've never heard
of Star Trek that's the thing with the
theater who's the the entreprise and and
Kirk have you have you seen transparent
at all do you know anything about that
oh that's Jeffrey Tambor right there's a
dad from Arrested Development Jeffery
baby I I don't want to say yes because
I'm not sure it's it's a man who has a
very masculine face I mean I'm sure they
picked him on purpose for that and he's
got an ex-wife and and three children I
believe and he comes out as transsexual
and and it's just mostly about him but
it's also about his family and his his
children's lives as they intersect with
with this coming out but also they've
got their own issues and it's about the
whole family and every different
person's different issues I've heard
I've heard I have not seen it I have
heard good things it's really good that
Jeffrey Tambor is great yeah it's like
an Amazon exclusive I think but I think
you can pay for episodes individually if
you don't have Amazon Prime
Oh Lord I know the problem is there is
so much stuff to want so much content
yeah and not just up to watch but games
to play and internet to surf I mean I
was talking to rich I was like when I
was a kid you had in the wintertime you
know my parents didn't really want me
out after dark you go to school me when
I was a kid you know it's like you get
out of school and the Sun sets an hour
later who knew annoying and Northern
Illinois and just as bad up here and so
I mean your options
what do you could you do you can either
draw you know I mean I didn't have any
siblings in the house with me so you can
either like draw or you know do
something crafty or you can watch TV we
didn't have any video games I didn't
have any video games some people had
video games so it was like yeah the cool
kids have video games but it's like
either either watch TV or you read a
book or you like make something that
those were the absent so now there's
like options up the wazoo oh yeah yeah
yeah we end up washing shit like
monumental mysteries
together mysteries is great because it's
so eclectic it's just it's showing the
Travel Channel or that yeah I just
talking about shit that happened while
ago no I'll show like a while ago this
giant pyramid and they're like okay well
here's the story about the pyramid it's
like apparently dedicated to these guys
who funded the Pacific after it kind of
went under they tried to pick up funding
for the WA for the Pacific leg of the
Transcontinental Railroad and they screw
their workers out of everything that got
kicked out in Congress and ran off and
disappeared but there's this pyramid
that's dedicated to the huh basically
it's on the Travel Channel so they had
to find a way to tie it to travel and
they just want to talk about whatever
yeah and you can travel here mostly it's
interesting buildings that have strange
backstories like there's one where the
there's this castle called the mr.
Castle I forget what's actly where it is
but this is a mystery it's mystery
where and this girl static it was a
family and the father you know was very
close with the family and then he goes
and he disappears and I guess after the
fact they find out that he was dying of
tuberculosis and he didn't want to give
it to his family but he was always
talking to his reading princess stories
and and building little fake castles
with his daughter as she was growing up
so he went off you know apparently
didn't die right away of tuberculosis
and he went off and out of garbage and
salvaged and all kinds of weird stuff he
built her a castle oh and then you know
after he died she found out about this I
guess she's still living there or
something in the garbage castle you know
we're not necessarily made out of life
you know rotting macaroni sure like
salvaged parts
oh no game audio just an occasional
burst of static from which well I mean
the when I hit the robots it kind of
sounds like static that's true it could
just be that the audio from your
explosion noises on the TV is not coming
through very well that sounds like our
audio is bad hearing a lot of complaints
okay turn turn the game down on your
Mike's audio issues when you want to do
static static yeah can we be getting
interference or something no oh yeah
it's going on right now cellphone by my
speakers static do you think my tablets
sitting here could be a factor oh if you
have it if you're if you are like hooked
up to the internet perhaps I am let me
have let me try unlikely I mean I guess
usually that's the only thing that's
unusual in this setup is usually we
don't have know sometimes I have like my
iPad you wouldn't happen to have like
cell service on it would you you know my
cell phone is over there where's your
cell phone it's in my purse it's over
there under the Mike thing won't you
move your purse
to take my purse containing my cell
phone in my tablet and put them in
another room
okay just seems to have stopped right
now sure it has Karen's wearing a wire
Karen secretly recording us recording
yeah this live it's a bootleg copy they
fit a lot of stream it off the Internet
Karen and Karen said doing a black
market stream of our street she's doing
a camp version of the Stevie yeah
shaky though still no game audio though
any audio is pretty quiet you really
need to hear punch punch kick punch I
mean really is that a yeah it's just
like clanging metal the game doesn't
really have any music or anything
interesting it's just the sound of I
thought you Catwoman kickin metal
monster people mm like is that we is
that I'm trying to remember the rest of
Arkham Knight or Arkham Asylum I didn't
the rest of the game have you know these
things usually have like traumatic audio
you would assume it's just in deal say
they throw together for 50 bucks yeah
this is this is part of the season pass
but yeah audio wise you're not really
missing much but if you want the basic
effect just uh take a microphone you
keep running into the electric put it in
your silverware drawer and then just
start start moving and jiggling your
silverware and you'll get about the
right noise I think I need to use my
whip I think anything use my whip more
after taking all of these robots
Catwoman's feet should be mushed by now
yes whatever shoes made of something
that lots of grab onto great obviously
does she have high heels yeah oh yeah
I'm sure he does the other outfit have
high heels
Catwoman always has I yell so I've never
seen her without I use I'm almost
certain in this modern day and age
there's probably been in versions of
Catwoman without high heels
the woman has had too many outfits at
this point I'd I would I would agree
with Karen that high heels are Catwoman
staple I'm sure there there exists
outfits without high heels but I'm gonna
say the only thing that's staple our
ears then again the The Dark Knight Oh
does that even count I would bet however
many costumes she's got upwards of 95%
of them feature high heels oh yeah and
ears and ears not just high heels or
ears high heels and ears oh I like the
scows statements this is this is the far
superior costume I really dislike her
her like more realistic costume that I'm
sucking yeah with the with the red eye
things the red goggles the entire I'm
gonna take oh yeah I do I'm sucking no
this guy washes shirt once in a while no
that's his shtick he's uh he's uh he's
uh what do you call one of those things
jerk he's one of those things
renji jerks he's one of those things hey
rich yeah did you hear about the
Platinum Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
game no are these platinum Turtles
they're no items company Platinum is a
company that makes very fun brawler's
and they have not officially announced
it yet
but they're keeps
being Leakes apparently Xbox just leaked
all of the achievements for the game
that has not been officially announced
yet what platforms don't know
unknown Xbox for sure I'm the only one
that likes that last TMNT game they made
that everyone else hates yeah out of the
shadows yeah yeah the art looks if there
were some leaked art a while ago and
that looks yeah what style I think all
with cartoon I'm a comic book
it looks Oh like the classic black and
white not the classic black and white
but they that's what like a cel shading
it looks like classic black and white
but colored in you know I'm done with
that if it was okay here's the thing
with me if it would look like the 80s
cartoon yeah I would have been horribly
disappointed know what my name yeah but
if the goal with Eastman and Laird style
fuck yeah it looks good it actually
looks surprisingly a lot like did you
have you read at all Batman and TMNT
pretty well Bernie Williams pretty
really I haven't read it because I have
a comic book story but looks very good
it is by the way issue number one is
really fun it's a very fun read and I
really like how he draws the turtles and
the Platinum game looks a lot like his
style which which is what I'm excited
about
did relocating that stuff helped the
static at all don't know what are they
saying I'm asking them and you know it's
really hard to say there's gotta be a
key to not getting and if they're saying
that it didn't then I'm gonna look up
that game so you guys can see what the
graphics look like but if that was the
fix to the static that I'm gonna leave
my electronics in the other room I
haven't heard any sense
yeah I think you static since so that
probably is the problem if they go
Eastman and Laird style day one purchase
thank you guys and girls yeah they say
no more static cool great so yeah use
your tablet so there's gotta be more to
this why why does the electric keep
showing up it's when it's when they go
on those green glowy squares
I mean how do I keep the green glowy
square squares from coming about Oh ever
news from Ikea it was definitely less
than 18 inches from the mic is it a
matter of beating these guys fast off I
have like just that 9 yeah that's what I
did on the last level and I just kept
punching them and that seemed to work
speakers mic everything was within a few
feet of each other yes we are using XLR
cables we're using XLR into my zoom h6
we haven't talked about that yet because
rich and I universally don't give a fuck
about virtual reality but rich did you
see that they've announced the oculus
pricing No $600 oh yeah I don't care
about anything that's $600 and and I
wouldn't care if they said it was a
hundred bucks cuz I don't care about
virtual reality no I think it's a neat
concept I'd like to try it yeah and if I
liked it if it was 600 bucks they'd wait
a few years if I could you get her
pre-harvest for like a hundred yeah I'm
a patient person there are things that
are on my shopping list to get when they
go down Jerry
I want a Nintendo 3ds XL and we're not
hearing tips somebody says we ignored
their tip Jackie detectives last tip I
have is is the one that called me AIDS
movie okay that's the last one I have I
don't know if it's different on yours
but could that be set up weird with the
32-bit version of OBS we had to use to
stream the elgato no because uh we heard
we heard that one moby looks like AIDS
movie I mean here I was gonna say I
bought him fat the movie I'm bigger than
Moby yeah hello I've restarted our they
started calling Jack that though right
after Jack lost enough weight so he just
saw it as a compliment Oh exactly well
and you know those first couple best the
worst I was still wearing like shirts
that were a little too big for me and so
like I guess I looked skinnier oh yeah
you know what you guys are right we have
been
tips and I'm very sorry about that Joe
kitty 0:01 says hey there guys here's
somebody to fix that crackly Mike get on
it thanks for this dream sorry about
that sounds up in here sounds like the
problem from what people were saying and
based on what was happening was that I
was holding a tablet in my mouth
probably about your mouth no no in my
laughs excuse me one dog no wrong word
but I was holding a tablet about about
about six inches from the from the
microphone and that was probably the
problem just this guy you know says hey
Jack
rich Karen welcome back oh not a bit of
rich and Karen the other day always fun
anyways don't let me interrupt you too
much please go back to talking about TV
shows I thank you just this guy you know
and Tiberius Kirk says 2016 is Star
Trek's
50th anniversary Wow and to celebrate
tomorrow on the holodeck I've set up
space seed Wrath of Khan cubing Khan
that's something not to be missed oh
that's great Tiberius 50th anniversary
of Star Trek that's crazy so yeah you
just crazy fight that's what this is
you just can't punch those guys you got
a cartwheel around them and wait for
them to stop glowing do you ever think
that there will be a well-received
popular universally loved TV reboot
again of Star Trek yes anything's
possible I mean there are links some TV
reboots but only only the original and
next-gen have been universally beloved
oh mercy yes agreed
um anything's possible any and I say
even this is probable a good Star Trek
show ah you know it all depends on who
picks it up yeah if it's something like
wow rich that was the closest one yet if
it's something like sci-fi channel maybe
if they're okay with shorter runs you
know like a 12 episode season
which is very popular nowadays then they
can dedicate a decent amount of budget
Netflix could pick it up Netflix does
great work amazon has buckets of venture
capital being thrown up exactly there
there it all depends on what net if they
get picked up by too big of a network
they're gonna get screwed over because
then there's gonna be too many people
trying to dip their fingers in the
cookie jar yeah you find some people who
really like Trek and you know give them
a little bit of freedom it's it's
possible and probable but it's always a
crapshoot for Netflix I mean that would
be a great it's gonna be a great
enticement for people to subscribe to
mattify there's gonna be another show
it's gonna be on CBS's streaming site
though it's not gonna be a TV one then
new truck show they're gonna break it's
gonna be on CBS streaming yeah I do
fucking CBS streaming I don't fucking
know but it's gonna be on I don't care
if it's on TV or not that doesn't matter
to me I've got an internet access right
right I mean I know matters to some
people but personally I'm not worried
about that what I'm worried and and I'm
not even worried about you know I'm
willing to spend a nominal fee to watch
at commercial-free what I'm not willing
to do is to watch it I don't know even
with Star Trek if I would be willing to
watch it where every five minutes is
interrupted by five minutes of the same
three commercials which is how the
internet tends to work and that's
exasperated Slyke commercials are bad
enough but when you see the same
commercial over and over again that's
what they do on do you watch Hulu a
little bit not too much that's what they
do on Hulu even if you're a subscriber
you pay the monthly fee you get the same
use doomed
you get commercials and it's the same
three commercials for every single
episode and it is annoying as shit and
usually their commercials for Hulu ok
CBS all access is a $6 a month online
only yep
but what about commercials for six
dollars a month Republican commercials
I'm spending six dollars a month for one
channel I better not get commercials oh
you'll get commercials no commercials
probably what 15 a month thank God
gobble do this race doesn't have any
commercials and it's not 15 rich today's
gobbledygook birthday birthday
gobbledygook
gobbledygook sent us a tip to say my
lazy college kids want oculus to watch
TV while they're lying down it's also my
birthday and I wish for a TMNT
turn-based RPG where I make my own
heroes and DC online for the ps4 is for
you folks why would you want a
turn-based TMNT where you make your own
heroes because you know what you want to
play as the turtles it could be fun to
make your own mutant no good then you're
not playing a turtles game it's like
something else as long as it's an option
and that there are preset so you can
play adding things is never a bad thing
as long as you you know they have preset
options you have a turtle game right and
you go you go through the turtle game
once and then you can put you can make
your own mutant no interest no interest
at all rich you are a jaded old man
that's like some kind of like like DC
massively multiplayer thing where you
couldn't play as Batman that just sounds
terrible
that's the DC count mine that is oh
really
to the oculus lying-down thing you know
there's there there's a technology that
you can buy for probably about 10 bucks
or maybe a little bit less that you can
get that helps you watch TV laying down
a pillow let's go
don't they already have that like isn't
it called like the Google cardboard yeah
we could market the oculus nap okay
it'll be like a pillow it'll only be 475
mm no you'll have the oculus rule
machine you'll close your eyes and it'll
project different colors on your eyelids
and you'll either tell people that it
that it improves
their mystical waves or that it resets
their melatonin or something but that
it's medicinal
you just yeah you just went somewhere
entirely different with that you took
that bit you just went on this no I
liked it so we'll get one of those like
massage chair pillows you know like like
the pillows that has the face cut out of
it right so you can lie down on your
stomach and then we'll we'll mount a
screen yeah
with you know an HDMI in and it'll be
it'll be the oculus nap yeah and it'll
be great rich and we'll sell it for two
hundred and forty nine dollars and
ninety nine cents oh I was thinking one
thousand nine hundred ninety nine
dollars and ninety nine and nine ten
cents all I can say we'll sell it for
slightly cheaper than the regular oculus
oh yeah no use yourself for more because
you're gonna pretend that it's meat is
medicinal oh that's right we're putting
crystals yeah we're putting holes in it
and and you rub oil on the crystals to
Center your cheese that makes the shows
funnier and there'll be some big scandal
when we try to get Medicare to cover it
you just use this and suddenly Jim
Belushi's funny yeah and suddenly Dane
Cook is a funny I think in order for
Dane Cook to be funny you have to be
from Boston I think we're me I defend
Dane cuts why I think I think his
enthusiasm makes a lot of his jokes
which aren't necessarily funny work I
think I think he has a great enthusiasm
laughs for God's sake amazed I need you
to laugh he can mix I I think there's
some funny Dane Cook someone someone
tries to refund our oculist nap with
integrated comedy Crystal's saying
listen I watched two and a Half Men and
and I didn't laugh and we say oh no
that's part of the warranty no two and a
Half Men is not covered under our comedy
warrants I officially hate this section
it's prereq going to stream XCOM to next
month
to stream the fuck out of X come to ya
know uh ritual we will exclusively
stream X come to for as long as R if the
foreseeable future
as long as rich wants to because that's
all rich is gonna want to play and if I
say hey man we should do something else
for it she's gonna say fuck you and
elbow me in the face and then we're
gonna play more XCOM - oh I'm gettin
tired of looking at these green things
so why I like to see you Lord that I
thought you know I'm not I'm not saying
that like Dane Cook is the best or even
like great stand up but you know he's
got a couple funny bits and he has a
really good performance he said he's uh
he's committed you think he enjoys him
where's I not so much I'm not saying I
would ever like buy anything of his or
listen to him for long periods but I've
heard stories of his that I found
amusing say see whenever I've watched it
it seemed like the audience's main
attraction was that he was from Boston
hi
I didn't carefully a show he did in
Boston oh sure I I saw him once
Yeah right red your parents house and he
was your father was Washington on the
cable and I find it funny
you know he doesn't he just sits there
and watch TV he doesn't care what's on
that's true falls asleep or maybe a
little though he's kind of Persian you
got to put a mirror under his balls
every no then daddy's almost terminally
mellow and I was watching I'm linking is
this supposed to be funny that somebody
I think is funny I hate this fight Jack
you should hate this fight it's terrible
and tedious just re-watch the shark fear
says just re-watched the Pokemon stream
rich was on fucking point that night
speaking of rich did you see the
upcoming Rick and Morty Pokemon clone no
you get to train your Morty's you get to
build up your Morty's to fight other
Morty's I know you are a fan of the Rick
and Morty's and a huge pokemon fans what
was that weird professor guy and and a
kid yeah which one's work and which ones
Morty Rick is the older one and Morty is
the kid Rick is the scientist oh I can't
use any moves because she'll just
without my being able to control it
she'll jump into the electric yep
this sucks Joe I did a powder and she
countered into the electric light and
that fun I'm sorry maybe we have to
watch this again
yep I was that brave learn the question
marks yep yeah it was fine yeah I've
kind of gotten used to the Gotham
version of the Riddler jump into the
electric I don't think you can do that
yeah this is this is pretty lame DLC so
far the Catwoman DLC has lived up to the
lame DLC that we have all grown to hate
is there some kind of puzzle thing I'm
missing I think you're just supposed to
fight harder and stronger like you're
not supposed to jump on in particular
black six times or usually something
Riddler ish you just can't fight the
ones that are glowing green well you
can't fight because so I did the move
and she jumped into the electric yeah
cuz she auto target some guy right that
goes into the electric oh you know what
we haven't streamed n plus plus yet I
really enjoyed n plus did you guys ever
play n plus I know and any idea what it
is a really great platformer like very
minimalistic like you play us like a
ninja it's a just a platformer it's
amazing so n for ninja and for a ninja
and this is called the n plus and they
recently came out with a sequel n plus
plus that's a game that I would really
enjoy I really liked n plus
that's gotta be confusing you go to the
store and you're like oh yeah we've got
in plus but you've got n plus plus oh
yeah here it is no that's n plus I want
n plus plus do you have n plus plus the
DLC yeah but that's all right no one
goes to stores anymore the only winning
move is not to play this DLC you all
right
Jedi Knights droid Gingka oh she won the
electric again we'd win this room do you
get to go somewhere else
yes or there's another level of this
please not we're not quite freewheeling
Pope we're not quite ready to move on to
another game yet we want to see if we
can beat this then rich is pretty good
at this guy's yeah is is the Rapunzel
element we're missing it's possible cuz
we're not really listening to this game
we're not really paying attention
they're listening right so it is quite
possible Sean sent us a tip to say I
predict a lot of news stories about the
scourge of motion sickness with the
newfangled video game thing on local
news station after the oculus is
released yes suddenly a good call yes it
will be a real thing and they'll make it
sound like it's a medical malpractice
make your child go blind
watch it ten oh fuck that I hate this so
much
no and like I said I just I just don't
think I don't think that it's there yet
with there's no there's no
force-feedback there's no tactile
feedback it's just a headset I don't
think playing a game with a controller
and that headset is going to make that
big of a difference no I mean you could
have force-feedback dual analog whatever
you know Oh Jackie vibration troll yeah
he wouldn't really have much for the
rest of your bag right and so it's just
like I don't think that
the gaming experience that people are
expecting with virtual reality is going
to be there yet and no you know not
saying it won't be one day I'm just
being a grumpy old man because I just
don't care about VR oh someone has a
good try detective vision kind of sounds
like it would be like I'm the max she
doesn't have it yeah it's up on the oh I
thought it was one of them maybe I was
many of us one of the old or I mean max
is something they have I mean they have
like a flat version sort of too but like
at some of the some of the museum's
they've got like a dome-shaped viewing
screen and you sit there and it kind of
surrounds you and then those show like
nature stuff like the underwater stuff
and whatnot it feels like you're moving
and I think that's probably about what
this would be but your chairs are moving
like no but your eyes if you're if your
eyes tell you you're moving you think
you're moving yeah I was in a funhouse
and they it was a tube and they
projected around it around the tube
these colored lights that were moving
yeah and you're like hold if you don't
close your eyes you have to like hold
onto the handrails cuz your body says
this room is still thick and you can't
walk straight sure that's fun so your
body does believe your eyes on that
stuff but as far as the other senses I
mean so you could get the sense of of
motion and vertigo and stuff like that
out of one of those but yeah it can't do
hot or cold right like you give me some
newfangled controls that maybe give me
some feedback then maybe I'm into but
like I said I don't like the idea of
scrapping something to my face I don't
like 3d movies I don't like anything
that required cuz I have to live with
glasses anyway I know it's uncomfortable
to strap things to your face I don't
want to do that more in in 3d movies
like they're fun for a few minutes but
they always give me a headache
yeah while no and I've heard like there
is a huge problem with motion sickness
and the oculus with all of the like
developer versions that have been out in
all of the testimonials there is a big
problem with motion I don't
doubt it I have problems with motion
sickness with some sorts of absolutely
absolutely not with actual you know
getting sick but with but starting to
feel not great oh yeah no I have the
same I have the same problem with uh
with some first-person games
if the framerate isn't right if
something's a little bit off I feel the
exact same way and yeah I think it could
be really fun with horror Tyrannosaurus
Rex tyranny source Rex says it could be
really good with horror and it could be
lots of genre I love yeah well it's you
know that's not a that's not a huge
genre is this going to be I and you know
wait and see what games come out for it
that's always the thing right don't buy
the system by the games do you remember
all the people in Columbine happen and
everybody who's blaming doom they're
gonna be doing this with that oh this is
so realistic these people are trading to
be killers again I guess training to be
killers they don't even though of that
generation please fight me a young man
who didn't play Doom I didn't play a new
no no and you and out of all of them you
were the serial killer
how did you know because of the bodies
so it's like they were they people play
doom did it congratulations Micah what's
the day please kill me
so you want that and see that's the
that's the question freewheeling Pope is
what will be the killer app for virtual
a virtual reality headset what will be
the selling game the selling app and I
don't know I'll go to the bargain bin
and play the the coral reef game where
you just float her out and look at the
it'll be a porn game
it'll be porn that's exactly what it'll
be well you know I mean I'm sure you
could but now the major the major
manufacturers aren't going to release
the kind of peripherals
but I'm thinking oh but you know I'm
sure it wouldn't be too hard to have a
Ono alliance with the USB cord in the
light saber game I want to say so oh
yeah lights we know for a very good
reason okay sword fights right yeah what
happens beneath it what happens when you
hit another sword in a sword fight you
you stop you stop yes what happens when
you're swinging the sword and there's
nothing to hear you're gonna have to
like pretend to stop me terribly could
at least have like vibration feedback
when you're supposed to leave it yes
it's not the same it's not the same so
we we got a tip from most likely a bot
just wanted to say thank Jack and rich
for the work of putting the stream
together special thanks to rich and
Karen for the solo streams over the
Christmas break yes thank you so much
for for streaming while I was out I know
everyone appreciated it and I heard you
had a lot of fun and a lot of explosions
we did and it was it was kind of a
spur-of-the-moment thing because rich
rich had family up and we were watching
the Star Trek movie mm-hmm and which
we're still not gonna spoiler but the
Star Wars more about and spoiler who
cares territory we give a warning well
we can talk about it later in the stream
oh god Star Wars I still think probably
some people have not had a chance to see
it yet so we'll give a warning before we
go into full Star Wars crazy talk
I do actually want to talk about Star
Wars as I finally am catching up with
the max landis craziness and a couple
things I want to mention
but anyway so riches guests left other
than me
his family left and we didn't know
exactly when they would be all those
it's showing we would see oh oh that was
it that was it which is like I stole his
money and with the computer how does it
does it you don't fight the Riddler
goddamn this DLC sucks
uh every single bit of this DLC sucks
mr. bugs they're charging 50 bucks for
this auger for all of these extra things
all of them together plus plus race
courses more race courses Wow yeah so
which is like how do you feel about
doing a stream today and I'm like okay
well let's go and I'm like okay when
Sunday there was kind of a family day
for me it was my Christmas dad there's
my dad and sisters yeah Star Wars I know
what time my dad and sister we're gonna
wanna go home if they wanted to stay
till 10:00 I wasn't going to kick them
out saying I had the stream and it just
so happens they left at 8 o'clock and
I'm like if we leave no we could do a
stream here she asked me like how do you
feel about doing a stream and I'm like
okay well let me do this and this and
this he's like Kent your time you're
welcome
the real V on no thanks for saying I'm
awesome yep did you air your grievances
which grievances what Festivus oh did
you know did you have your feats of
strength he snores that's a feat of
string
yeah I do do we want to give it throw up
the spoiler warning

[Part III]
thanks for saying I'm awesome or
somebody yep did you air your grievances
which grievances what Festivus oh did
you did you have your feats of strength
he snores that's a feat of string yeah I
do do we want to give it throw up the
spoiler warning and talk a little Star
Wars watcher warning warning
what are you so were spoiling why don't
why don't you start this next one and
star wars boilers start info to go empty
your lightsaber star wars spoilers
started five minutes once rich comes
back from the bathroom here hand me the
look on the controller thank you then
we'll talk about styles for anyone who
isn't up on the the max landis thing max
max landis is a calling ray from the
Star Wars a MarySue which is a character
inserted into an already established
franchise that is the best at everything
and everyone loves immediately and
they're calling who that ray and not the
Jedi dude Kyle oh yeah no because kylo
is not the best at everything okay
but Ray is is very good at things and
and everyone immediately likes her and
he and also Max has stated that he
doesn't believe that Ray had any
conflicts in the movie and that and so
that's the hope no spoilers in there so
I would like to specifically address
that and of course max who I like as a
person he's one of us is a very pedantic
fellow he just he likes to talk a lot
and as he and he's doling this out in
his YouTube videos which are kind of
unedited and just freeform he's cerebral
and just rude it's fuck vomit like this
is what I'm thinking that I'd like to
get these thoughts out and so you know I
agree with some of it I disagree with
some of it but that that's that's what
I'd like to talk about I think it's
possible that Ray is an attempt by the
studio to make sure that they passed the
Bechdel test to you know to shrug off
any possible attempts of saying that
Star Wars is just a voice things or to
appeal to a girl audience now we'll see
it may be that like the Marvel movies
they they have you know these
ass-kicking female characters and then
when it's time for the toys they
replaced them with male character that
did they do that with a black widow the
black widow that's right with with
Captain America their place with Captain
America
okay radius that we're about to we're
about to talk to Star Wars spoilers now
amazing to say about it it's Star Wars
you know still you know like it's it's
only a couple weeks old I'm pretty sure
I failed this already we had her we had
our big talk
we had a big talk I I want to talk
specifically about I'm just gonna that
okay specifically about Max's new thing
was he saying no because I'm not caught
up on this oh yo he just posted a video
and and he alluded to the fact that Ray
didn't didn't have any struggle there
was she looked to the fact that Ray had
no conflict in the movie and I'd like
obviously you know you might know about
that the whole Mary Sue thing I've
already talked about that I disagree
with that except for the piloting of the
Millenium Falcon which we talked about
this there's no reason she should be
able to fly the Millennium Falcon
whatever yeah but whatever but it's Star
Wars so it doesn't
well she knows how to fly stuff like
she's a salvager and a PI wave kind of
how is she waiting is she a pilot I
don't know I mean I guess she's supposed
to know this stuff that she flies things
but the whole character if she wants to
stay on the planet because she's waiting
for I assume her family to come back for
her right yeah so hey why would she
learn to fly when she wants to stay
that's a weird thing I figure it's just
something that everybody in that time
and place knows how to do like drive a
car I might not want to drive cross
country but I still know how to drive a
car cuz it's just something everybody ya
know it's kind of a rite of passage for
most humans learn how to drive a car
sure but they're like there's a
difference between like knowing how to
drive a car and being able to like don't
drive your way through a car battle but
she's a Jedi
she's got before all right and by the
way that's that's true
like it's it's the Star Wars universe
it's that kind of stuff doesn't matter
in that kind of movie right I take I
take issue with his new thing that she
had no conflict in the movie because I
do think she had a conflict in the movie
with what the guy that that's ripping
her off with the Russians
well no I mean like not just that but
like you know the whole the whole movie
is kind of about her embracing her
destiny or whatever right and you know
whether or not she wants to stay on the
planet or leave the planet and exactly
like Luke exactly exactly like whether
or not she whether whether or not it's
time to put off grieving for her family
exactly them up for dead and so oh okay
that didn't work I thought I hit the
button you know what you know what you
know all that matters to me what about
rain what eight year old girls I have a
hero who's not like a princess
that they can root for and idolize
uh-huh I think that's a positive thing
no matter how you look and I think it's
to some extent she exists for that or at
least she was made a woman for that
because you could have done this with a
male character doing that
and that's fine yeah oh it's it's all
fine and it's it's a fun action movie
and so that kind of stuff I don't think
really matters along with the home along
the lines of the whole Mary Sue thing it
doesn't really matter because it's
supposed to be a fun action movie and
the action is handled correctly
you know what's happening during the
action scenes it's not a Transformers
where it's all a horrible garbled mess I
must say I think it was your wife
uploaded a video at the airport I'm
assuming this is your way back on
vacation
oh yeah there's kids in the airport
playing with lightsabers someone was
like oh my god she think she's ready
boys I'm big in it I just saw a little
corner watered in some Mills that uh my
youngest has long hair so those were my
boys nothing
nope not letting you get away with that
and in all honesty I mean it's cool
having a female character but as a
little girl the fact that Lois male
Lucas male never stopped me from
attending Luke right oh no and you know
what we know plenty of little girls and
when they come over to our house they
play Star Wars and they're ray or
they're someone else or it doesn't
matter because they're just playing Star
Wars but now they have someone yet they
can be if they want to be and I think
that's a great thing
yeah and she kicks ass oh no she doesn't
need rescuing friend she's a she's a fun
character and it's a fun only that's all
that matters it's a fun fun movie the
guys trying to uh trying to take
advantage of her or something and she's
taking all their boats mm-hmm and if
your boy you can or a man you can watch
Mad Max where Mad Max kind of beats up
Shirley snow run a car so he can steal
her car yeah there's still things out
there for you there's still things in
Star Wars for you listen
the other hero the stories of
stormtrooper is it like Rey is great but
like there's a fighter pilot a
stormtrooper they're still Han Solo
they're still Luke there's still the
other movies there's still all other
movies in the existence of action movies
Luke it's barely a factor in this well
the original
Mad Max is the sidekick in his own film
that is so incorrect Mad Max is doing
exactly what Mad Max does in all of the
Mad Max films where he doesn't talk much
basically people are mad that a
character who was kind of kind of a
loner doesn't doesn't say much is
competent and he kicks ass and he gets
involved with other people's problems
that's Mad Max and people are upset in
fury road that Mad Max is a loner uh-huh
and then he doesn't talk much and he's
very competent of the things he does and
then he gets involved in other people's
problems that's what I see when I see
people bitching about Mad Max in Mad Max
fury road yes yes but those people are
idiots and so it's okay it's okay
because they just don't get it
he's clearly he's not the one who kills
I've drawn a blank on his fucking name
the bad guy the bad guy but I mean he
basically saves the day it's his plot to
go back and take out this you know take
over the Citadel yeah Oh mad man he's
the one blowing up a bunch of different
cars during that sequence and jumping
around yeah going on adventure no Mad
Max has one goal in the entire movie
which is to get out of there he doesn't
care about the Citadel he doesn't care
about Charlize Theron he just he happens
to be a kind of good guy and he does his
own thing like he always does in all of
his movies
which I wasn't complaining that he's the
sidekick but he is he helps furiosa
accomplish your story this is what Mad
Max though has done in all over the bad
max movies except for the first one the
guess but well that's like a difference
who even talks about the first one
everyone talks about road warrior and
Thunderdome no one even talks about the
first one anymore how much 3 times is
even having the first 100 guys this is
on the world almost as much as it
focuses on him that's right well I mean
you know what it's been so long I can't
even tell you I am not paying attention
I want you to know that rich there was a
big stink about no Ray figure in Star
Wars monopoly they have a point because
she's the protagonist was this game
released alongside the movie I believe
it's a I couldn't be wrong but I think
it's a force awakens monopoly set and
there's no ray in it there's a
kylo Ren there's a fin and then there's
a Luke and Darth Vader there's usually
had more than four figures on them I was
what I've seen I don't know I don't know
the whole story I've seen like a picture
and a board if if that is true if they
excluded Rey from that that that would
be incorrect
she is the star of that movie she should
be she should be in the monopoly set
let's see here guitar player four one
two three says generally I like
listening to max landis he's typically
got pretty interesting insights and
takes on movies but he isn't the goddamn
Pope of screenwriting and he is wrong
about Ray I think I think he's wrong
about right I agree I don't I don't
think that Ray is this Mary sight hair I
think he might be right that she's a
Mary Sue the thing is does it matter in
an adventure film right for all ages
right yeah no it does not one it does
not matter and
there's only one thing about her
character that cannot be explained which
is the flying of the Millennium Falcon
she's a great mechanic because she's a
scavenger and that's her backstory she's
she can fight because she lives on a
harsh planet with a bunch of assholes
that's part of her backstory there's no
goddamn reason that she can fly that
millennium falcon but i don't think that
makes her a Mary Sue and even if it does
it doesn't necessarily matter because
it's a fun adventure movie with aliens
and spacecrafts I mean is there anything
you can say about Rey that you can't say
the exact same thing about Luke
Skywalker in a new hope exactly does one
have to be female to be a Mary Sue
no no they sometimes if it's guy I think
they call like a Gary Stewart the the
the one difference is that this is a new
character in an established series so
for example you couldn't call you
couldn't call Luke Skywalker a Gary Stu
because he's well he's he's a new
character in a new series like the same
with like a Ellen Ripley from alien
right like that's a new series but
because Star Wars is an already
established series and you're inserting
a new character into that series that's
where the marriage suit comes from you
know you know who else is a Mary Sue who
James Bond that's the main character of
the whole thing as is Rey in the new
movie yeah yeah but I mean there are no
James Bond movies without James Bond
right so he's not inserted after after
the franchise
right and that's that's where this
conversation really started which is in
his new video he actually brought up
James Bond and he said James Bond has
conflict in his movies and he didn't
feel like Star Wars had he didn't feel
like Ray had enough conflict and I
definitely disagree with that
I've really enjoyed her conflict I
enjoyed her struggling with kind of Ren
and discovering godly Dukes and Juba D
Jews that Bojack says I was like to the
stream I need to hear it with my own
ears space cop disks still not in also
what hack company is manufacturing them
so I can make sure to never use them for
my own
I mean we're gonna give you the same
answer we always do which is it a base
camp is out tomorrow it's always out
tomorrow that's what we always tell you
I can tell you no more I'm sorry I'm
sorry that Bojack when they are
available for purchase you will hear
about it you will hear about they're
available just in the second the very
second that you can buy space cap you
will know about it ah gobbledygook
speaking of gobbledygook rich can we
hear a George Lucas voice say the
Charlie Rose interview quote I don't
know that I want to if you say something
my god yeah I sold Star Wars to the
white slavers that take these things and
they want to do a retro movie I don't
like that whole Star Wars - white
slavers where is he talking about what
he says that oh where the hell did he
get white slavers from George Lucas is a
crazy person I'm just gonna die again
I'm not I'm you know what we got talking
about Star Wars I'm no longer paying
attention to it so it's just like some
kind of weird race thing or is he just
saying he's you know he's just upset
that everyone likes this new Star Wars
movie and nobody liked his Star Wars
basically and he's a crybaby he's a
crybaby with billions of dollars he may
a decision of his own free will no to
sell a movie for which he was for which
decision he was adequately and possibly
possibly super adequately compensated
and now he's gonna cry about it
okay he's mad because they're succeeding
without him exactly our Miller wants to
know where this Luke is a Mary sued to
coming from did everyone forget how
dogshit awful he was at everything and
how long it took him to learn the fuck
what was he dog shit in a new hope yep
what is Luke dog shit awful you know
there were there was a training sequence
he's not all of it he's not shown to be
super competent and everything he does
right so great did that but he's not
particularly flawed except he's
reluctant to embrace his destiny but so
is ray yeah don't done it's the exact
same character urgh yeah I think that's
the point is it's the exact same story
yeah
and so but people are harshing on ray
because she's the new kid don't harsh on
Ray's buzz zo as far as Luke picking up
the Force quickly
was he out like like a couple days with
the Ordo and he can face Darth Vader yep
I want to two hours on the Falcon with
obi-wan Kenobi and you know a or two
with Yoda you're a Jedi Master Jedi
Master Jedi Master and that's bugged me
that's actually bugged me like in since
the day yeah that's always kind of been
like honestly may I mean maybe he had
some like ghosts training with obi-wan
he's got special juju maybe he had
special ghosts obi-wan training I
thought he's just supposed to have like
an amazing aptitude because he's good
because that's what those movies are
they're full of magic nonsense Luke got
his ass kicked several times I'm just
talking about isolating a new hope cuz
one movie of the new ones - yeah we
don't know that Ray's not gonna get her
butt kicked later she might be in
shambles by the end of the next movie we
don't know so Luke gets pushed around in
the cantina but not really he doesn't
really get his butt kicked I'm saying if
you compare Luke from a new hope to Rey
in the force awakens yeah there's
there's not much difference between them
and I think that is an accurate
statement in a new hope Luke isn't shown
to be as mechanically gifted as Reyes
you've got that right bud
Luke has shown to be an amazing or you
know Luke is an amazing pilot yeah
that's that's one of his character
things which they mentioned we talked
about that last time during their Star
Wars talk he he gets attacked by still
are they talking about like the trash
compactor when he almost dies from the
trash compactor is that him getting his
butt kicked I don't know ray doesn't
captured ray gets captured she's a
little torture thing she gets out of it
just like Luke got out of it the kind of
the same thing happens it's weird
Luke has to embrace that he's not going
to live out his life on the farm with
Aunt Polly and Uncle Joe or whatever and
Rey has to embrace yes to ask to come to
terms with the fact that she's not gonna
be reunited with her family and it's
time to go live her life yeah and not
she's not gonna be the junker scrapper
that she thought she was gonna it's the
same Luke has the thing where he has to
battle the TIE fighter pilots and you
know it's a scrape but he gets out of it
just like a new hope gets beat up by
Tuscans okay huh he gets beat up by the
Tuscans he doesn't get beat up by the
Tuscans okay great
okay so that's so he got he got hit in
the head by a Tuscan Raider look I don't
care about the Mary Sue thing as much as
everyone else right I really don't I'm
just saying that's a good point I like
if if you if you hate ray I don't know
why you don't also hate
cuz the characters are it's basically
just a ray is a gender swap Luke for the
most part yes so was there an instance
in the force awakens simple life desert
planet destined for greater things
doesn't want to embrace the destiny so
would you consider this almost more of a
remake than a sequel I I want to like
this is like a soft reboot absolutely
I'm trying to remember force awakens now
was there was there a moment in the
force awakens in which ray gets beat up
early on there's at least one moment
where she's attacked but she's not she'd
she kicks fast yes that's right that's
right yes Luke made a decision to run
out and save Leia on the Death Star and
Ben died because of it what happened to
Han was Hans own choice that would that
would mean more to me if they ever made
anything out of that like Luke had guilt
over this but he didn't it was never
really portrayed as being Luke's fault
that obi-wan died I think you are
reaching my friend yeah that's a reach
what happened I did wasn't suicide I
don't think he was expecting his son to
kill him he knew it was a possible risk
but I doubt he thought it was well well
I think I think the person in the chest
point was though that Han dies and this
one and then in the new hope obi-wan
died they're making comparison between
that and but they're saying that obi-wan
is kind of Luke's phone but it's never
really been portrayed that way so I
don't know if I can agree with that
assessment yeah Luke felt bad but then
he had to kill TIE fighters so he never
felt bad like it was his fault though
well he was sad that he died so yeah
sure he was sad that Han Solo died yeah
yeah they basically are the same
character if you hate ray why don't you
hate Luke because Ray wasn't beat up by
Tusken Raiders what did you think at him
damn it which is such a pivotal moment
at such a pivotal remember well you know
I get like if if we're gonna is
extrapolate right Luke was shown as
being pretty weak and pathetic right
like he whined a lot he was he like he
was like fixing the robots and just kind
of it he's just kind of a putz right
could you it was a whiny a whiny kid
came from who came from an overly
sheltered environment overprotective
relatives as opposed to Ray who was kind
of on her own
was he supposed to be whitey or is that
all on mark hamill how does that tell
mark hamill chose to play him yeah and
so and so you have this kid who who's
who's so like useless that he gets beat
up by a Tuscan Raider like with these
guys right dickheads
and then you know he kind of comes into
his own so I guess I can see that in
that sense ray is a different character
because she did have to grow up by
herself on a harsh planet but I think
Ray's ability to fight is part of the
character you know Ray's ray has
strengths because she had to grow up on
a harsh planet by herself and I like
that characterization so there are
definitely differences between Luke and
Ray but the story is in a whole lot of
ways an echo of the previous Oh in more
ways than that and only what
famine okay I hate this game rich ray is
loved by everybody that meets her at the
end of the day though I don't know that
matters
yeah it's Mary Sue agree sure I
definitely agree that the character has
some very sue is but at the end of the
day I don't know is that is that
important that's a good question just
being a new character and lacking
conflict make one a bad character
I certainly just conflict what makes a
character worth having yes I certainly
still like James Bond Sherlock Holmes is
a beloved figure yeah but but see I
think there is conflict in the movie I
think I I don't think that conflict
comes from people not liking her what
kylo Ren doesn't like her yeah I think
the conflict in her life is about making
the decision to Morna to to mourn her
family and to stop being in denial about
the fact that they're probably never
coming back and that she has to go on
and lead her own life and that her life
could no longer be about waiting for
them mm-hmm is there another conflict
that she has well I mean just surviving
right like she has to escape the aliens
she has to she has to get over it of she
has to get out from kylo ren's thing she
has to learn her for sness hold on
turkey burger is saying we need to read
his tips you're right turkey burger
sorry turkey burger too says Luke used a
mind trick at the beginning of Jedi
showing he had achieved the mastery that
obi-wan had in that obi-wan had in Star
Wars Ray teaches herself over the course
of five minutes because she's ready to
leave Mary Sue oh oh I can explain this
the force is bullshit the force is just
absolute bullshit the force is a magic
MacGuffin Micah yeah
this that the forces is abstract enough
that it can be whatever the director use
like having it be beside that's that's
kind of the force also I will I'll cite
difference in the times what's the last
time you've watched a new home it's been
a while it's a very slow movie older
movies are right like they they just
have a different pace this is a movie
that is now 140 years it's been since a
new hope 30 years closer to 40 at the
reporting time moviemaking has changed a
little bit so we can't expect the same
kind of pacing which I see as a plus for
force awakens I like the fast quick
funny pace it's not the same feeling as
a new hope it's more modern it's less
about interpersonal
bus like I could see how a die-hard Star
Wars fan it took Luke three movies to
obtain the power that ray shows in half
of one sure okay turkey burger two also
says read my first it but I did ray
force grabs a lightsaber from the snow
as well things that were used to things
that were used to show Luke's growth
over the entire series rate as in one
film also perfect pilot engineer well
yeah and I already talked about that her
all of her mechanical skills are well
explained in the story she has to
salvage she knows how to take apart and
put together ship that and I agree that
her piloting skills are bullshit
absolute bullshit I don't think that I I
really liked her learning the force
stuff because all of her force stuff was
very reactionary it was all stuff
happening to her and it was almost a
defense mechanism and I really liked
that I liked how they showed that and
like I said pacing times are different
times they are changing it took Luke
three three movies to get through to get
his powers but we know what those powers
our do you really want to watch three
more movies
you already know what happened we have
to move on from the story yeah watch you
know all three we're watching all okay
maybe in some ways we're watching not a
retread of the new hope but a retread of
all three movies a reboot of all three
movies rolled into one and then we're
going to get on to whatever happens next
yes but I do think that's a fair point
and I guess I could see how if you're a
die-hard Star Wars fan you know what's
happening is is you see this new movie
you say this is different this is
different from the Star Wars because
it's made 40 years later and we already
have those Star Wars yeah it's a sequel
and I think but then people are also
bitching though because it's the same
huh and we're also bitching though
because it's because it's too much the
same and you know that's a fine that's a
fine Bal it's a fine balance but I do
think it needs to it needs to be paced
like a modern movie because it's a
modern movie well they're gonna they're
taking one movie to retell retell in a
slightly different fashion what happened
to Luke in the first three hopefully and
then hopefully they're gonna cook
somewhere else with it and the next one
I that's gonna be the real telling thing
is what they do at the next movie that's
going to be really telling that's right
I don't have detective mode
force is essentially playing with itself
I love those sugar skulls I'm that way
right you want the force is essentially
playing with itself the force is playing
with itself yeah
what do you mean I'm just it's one force
with two sides to it right yeah the
guides your actions sure we watch the
movie with my family the Star Wars and
I'm watching that that last fight
between kylo Ren and rabe yeah and
they're fighting each other with swords
yeah and you know ray gathers the
strength to win in the end when kylo
says something about the force and she
realizes oh she needs to use the force
yeah and at that point I thought well
it's not really ready fighting so much
is the force fighting through Rey yet
the force is also fighting through kylo
Ren and essentially the force is playing
with itself always horrible struggles
that the galaxy is undergone because of
the force is all because the force is
just fucking around so you're saying
that the people who are giving
themselves over to the dark side have no
agency yeah it seems that way if you're
if you're letting the force guide your
actions and you need the force for your
strength and force behind everything I
don't think the force has this much
personality it's it's the force isn't
magical McGuffin that can do whatever
the writers say it can do now I've never
really liked the concept behind the
force I know I know this is your place
a Star Trek I know this is a stealth
section but I'm bored and that we're
talking about Star Wars so just let me
try I'm just trying to have something
happen on the screen while we're having
a Star Wars discussion the force it you
know I'm gonna change your thing yeah
yeah I changed my thing why do I get all
a game options probably right
okay let's see here the dude 1944 says I
was a little annoyed when Ray used the
mind trick not because it was too soon
but because they didn't bother to
reestablish the mind trick as a thing we
never see ray observe the mind
everything everybody watching that movie
knows one everybody watching that movie
knows but to kylo Ren is reaching for it
right
kylo Ren is is trying to grab the
lightsaber and at that point ray has
already the Ray has already like learned
that kylo Ren knows what he's doing and
so it's watching Kyle oh and she sees
she she's putting two and two together
is there anybody alive who hasn't seen a
new hope and what do they think of this
movie that's a that's a fair question is
like is there anyone who's watching the
force awakens as their first Star Wars
movie that would be an interesting an
interesting thing
the mind trick what mind trick oh you
mean like where they put their hand up
to their head oh we're like when kylo
Ren was reading her thoughts you don't
want to do that oh yeah I'm going oh
yeah oh yeah dude when does race see
that she I don't think she does no no no
she gets the idea because he's trying to
read her thoughts but he's not hurt
she's not reading thoughts on the point
she's changing them ya know what nobody
says like you're gonna tell me or
something I'm gonna make you tell me I
mean he at some point he tells her in
some fashion that he can make her do
what he wants with his mind ya know and
there was a setup for that there was a
setup
what was the setup was that way was she
did she was she with kylo Ren before or
after she had the lightsaber visions
after she had the lightsaber visions
before she was taken prisoner and then
kylo Ren was she she has the visions
before she's taken prison yeah yeah was
it wasn't the mind trick set up in those
visions somewhere the you know the the
you will do this might remind Rick I
want to say that was set up somewhere I
I think it was set up when he was
interrogating her or attempting to
something yeah it was that was set up I
well I guess or I just know the trick
and so I felt like this set up I do want
everything that's you know the trick and
you felt like it was set up it could be
that wasn't set up
I feel just the you know it's one of
those things internally it doesn't make
any sense you wouldn't know that but
it's kind of thing the audience already
knows I here's the thing I will I will
absolutely believe that I cannot
remember for sure but I feel like it was
set up cuz I'm in no way saying it's a
perfect movie oh god no no no I think it
is in a in a position that a lot of
movies are ten where it can assume that
99% of its audience is familiar with a
whole lot of concepts in it sure I don't
know I'm just gonna I guess I'm just
gonna have to rewatch
starwars that's the thing oh you can't
use detective yeah but that red triangle
guys I believe the guy who's blocking it
oh I get it I can't wait to do it oh
wait ragged scribe says he's seen it
three he or she has seen it three times
it is set up ragged scribe where is it
set up do you tell me cuz I wanna i I
feel like it is and you guys know I have
a superpower when it comes to movies
where I I know what's happening at all
times
it's set up in the interrogation scene
ohdid right I maybe maybe that's what
Karen was saying right is like kylo
tried to be like you will tell me yeah
what is happening oh maybe that's it
the question is was it set up that you
can control someone with the force
before ray tried to do it on the
stormtrooper and furthermore was it set
up for Ray right was the set up in the
movie and was it said like was did ray
see maybe Ray just watched episode 4
maybe this is true now Ray Ray seems to
have an awareness of who Luke Skywalker
is yeah so ray may have some knowledge
of how Jedi's work and of that religion
and stuff that is outside of anything
happening in the movie yes and I know
it's it's all like it's all like who
cares because because again it's a Star
Wars movie but here we are nerds
nitpicking over Star Wars movies so
that's what's gonna happen I want to say
during the interrogation scene kylo Ren
did one of those you will tell me what
and maybe and you know she could feel
that she was reacting to that she could
feel that he was trying to control her
mind so she picked up on that she can do
that but oh pardon me oh and tiny turned
up says that he's seen it three hundred
and fifty thousand times and it was not
set up
it doesn't matter it doesn't really
matter how many TVs was he watching it
on at once
he was watching he had 50 TVs each with
its own bootleg copy because it's not
out yet I just burped I'm sorry for
barbing don't you lie to me
why are you able to see people through
walls just Batman but that's Robin it's
more like Superman yeah it's detective
vision because Robins also a detective
you don't want to fear multi take them I
feel so cheap the McDonald's clips that
aren't McDonald's cups I couldn't do it
he saw me oh I'm gonna do this perfect
fuckin stolen I like the jacks off do
you see a jack in the movie tiny turnip
says I saw it on 12 laptops and three
satellite dishes yes
Nia Breen style Superman isn't Mary Sue
you're right
Oh
makes light as a Superman fan how would
he respond to that because that's ploy
well but Superman is and in Superman is
a new thing he's not a new character
inserted into an established franchise
so he can't be a Mary Sue and Superman
has kryptonite and he has conflicts NES
conflicts ray also has conflicts
apparently her conflicts aren't aren't
good enough for p.m. that's fine
her conflicts are eternal she doesn't
have conflicts with other characters
yeah
new game a new conversation yeah we've
been on we've been on the Star Wars
thing a little too long I'm gonna I'm
gonna put this out here and the Star
Wars spoilers now we are no longer gonna
talk about Star Wars spoilers or when
somebody well you know what we'll talk
about something new we'll talk about
something new did everyone see the space
cop trailer the final Space Camp trailer
soived
so every night
well talk about ash vs. Evil Dead when
Jack has seen the rest of it wasn't I'm
not caught up I'm sorry I had that
watched movies I made a terrible
decision I watched Jurassic world I'm
sorry in that time I could have been
watching ash versus the Evil Dead but I
wanted to see Jurassic world instead and
I made a mistake and I'm sorry it's not
completely reprehensible but it is
disappointing it's just boring yeah it's
just it's just boring yeah I watched
Jessica Jones Jessica Jones great it has
a slow start but if you can get like if
you can get three four episodes in it's
good the whole the whole thing
altogether is really good first couple
episodes are a little hit or miss but uh
the whole thing together is really good
once once you start getting to David
Tennant town then it starts getting good
Jurassic drastic world better or worse
than Tammy and the t-rex ooh I found
Tammy into t-rex to be more entertaining
than Jurassic world this is the children
show Tammy and the t-rex is a is a
extremely cheap moving extremely cheap
extremely cool Walker's brain gets
transported to an animatronic dinosaur
and Denise Richards is his girlfriend
it's like it was super cheesy one night
late nineties movie I'll give him credit
I haven't seen it I'll give him credit
anyone with a low budget trying to do
animatronic dinosaur brains so I was
more entertained by taming the t-rex and
it was by Jurassic world
and shit no Tiberius Kirk Jessica Jones
comes together at the end
it starts off weak but it comes together
at the end like I didn't you know I
didn't enjoy it as much as daredevil
daredevil I think is a far better show
but I think it's a fine fine show the
but Gotham you watch tell you that I I
could watch that a couple episodes and
was really bored just a dickhead which I
know he's supposed to be but it's like I
don't want to watch this guy I know
guitar player four one two three I know
it's time for fuck you it's January but
there is there any chance there will be
a half in the bag for hateful eight or
revenant I really like the former and
want to hear thoughts on it on the
ladder I mean anything's possible
if that's microjet I don't know what
it's like I don't know what their plans
are that's a micro J question which and
I don't we not only are we not involved
in those decisions they try not to tell
us anything they try to keep us out of
the loop and you guys are living in
Milwaukee so weather will be a factor
eating hot chocolate and marshmallows
yep is this samurai jacked up what's at
the samurai Jack talk I love Samurai
Jack are they talking about that you
know there's constant rumors popping up
about like remaking Samurai Jack and
whatnot or new episodes I love that show
did you ever watch Samurai Jack
no I didn't Tom it was a great show oh
this is a really important question from
mr. Vince rich yeah is space cop force
sensitive okay face office is completely
insensitive is insensitive to all forces
gravity graphic gravity compassion
hunger no I like the garbage peek around
corners the garbage is like the best
part of this game they did a really good
job in the garbage now you know urban
vermin I constantly think about that I
know like every once in a while Jay and
Mike will throw up a video on the
patreon that it's like only viewable to
patreon viewers and I'm not a patreon
contributors so I never get to see those
videos and every once in a while I have
to ask Jay if any videos came up
what what hell is gate a sugar skull
factory okay
it's a sugar skull seemed off like
cutesy for health gay you know they're
making sure souls you can see them on
the machinery I mean there might be
bombs inside of them or something but
they're definitely sugar skulls Lucy and
Corvin I agree I think killgrave and
more importantly David Tennant as
killgrave is great and you just want to
see more of him it's it's always nice to
have a good villain
in a show in a hero show it's always you
know having a good villain is how many
memorable heroes don't have any
memorable villains right right
does the villain make the hero possibly
definitely sometimes literally sometimes
literally I am your father Luke what hey
I said no more star wars splits oh come
on that movie came out ha ha ha
25 years ago I didn't just save no force
awakens spoilers I said no Star Wars
spoilers okay get with it exactly yeah
you're pointing out like the flash and
the Green Arrow don't have great
villains and they're it's like c-grade
heroes no well how about daredevil does
he have a memorable hero in the Netflix
show he has kingpin everyone agrees that
kingpin was great except for a rich
there's okay who's dumb rich is a big
joke ins not bad that's your opinion
I can't change it no no you can
who is the hero in the Little Mermaid
hmm would you really call Ariel a
memorable hero that's a good question
and is she the hero or is Sebastian the
crab the real hero because he puts aside
his own ego it's a call for help when
Ariel needs it most
fuck you and the horse you rode in on
that's fair
you know what is fair again when you've
got conflict the hero is the conflict
isn't always between a person and
another person so Ariel's conflicts and
some some of Ariel's conflicts are
internal that's right that's true that's
true all right thank you for totally
jumping to the wrong platform you can
change his opinion with the Jedi mind
trick yes I'll try that right now rich
kingpin is a great film No hold on I
need to practice again rich kingpin is a
great villain they don't think the force
is strong enough in you Jack I don't
think I'm forcing I don't think that
works on the weak will I'm too stupid to
change my opinion you see I know
chantix 20 is that true Adult Swim is
producing a new season of Samurai Jack
that would be great that would be great
I know I should run away I just don't
feel like it Jen I just don't feel like
it any other game you could play yes we
have other games that we can pluck oh
that's new here's a charge thing
it's Robin man he's not Batman memento
had no hero or villain that's true
because that was not a hero's tale let's
bring this out is this gonna be Robins
only level no it'll be a BB a fight
they'll be one fight sometimes the most
memorable hero is also most i memorable
villains is also the hero I'm thinking
of like Natural Born Killers
you're certainly villainous oh sorry
yeah well listen apparently our our
steam stream tipalert ER is not alerting
us yeah I have noticed I don't know why
oh I figured it out why because there's
no speakers on that Oh as far as playing
through the TV very sorry for missing
all of your stream tips Jack rich this
game sucks play star wars the force
unleashed now this is what we're playing
right now sorry and I also didn't read
your life's most really sorry anonymous
gutter stars says Jack favorite Mario
Kart track may or may not be playing
Mario Kart 7 right now due to seeing
your stream earlier today Mario Kart is
of course fantastic
we have to just have to be the favorite
track from 7:00 which I haven't played
or just mariokart levels in general in
general I think the person who was
currently playing Mario Kart 7 would
like the favorite course in Mario Kart 7
but like I didn't say you can just say
your favorite one in general and Jo I
like in the Tendo 64 the Rainbow Road
it's just so pretty
yeah did Marty McFly have a great
nemesis his greatest enemy was time and
causality itself that's a fine villain
that's that's a fine Biff isn't it I
don't I don't know that I would call
Marty McFly a hero myth
would you come villain rico bethe like a
great nemesis yes relief he's like
that's what makes him great is he's just
a big dumb Oh meat meat slab he's a meat
slab not saying he's a complicated
villain but he's a good villain he's a
meat slab who almost raped his mom
Edward Jellico male gigolo says no Jack
mind tricks don't work on rich only
money
ergo ergo because he tipped rich you
need to read you need to read this which
says kingpin is a great villain how much
neat tip he tipped $5 kingpin is a great
villain in the comic books I love that
comic book kingpin
let the lesson be next time be more
specific
thank you Edward Jellico for trying
every every everyone knows that he's a
great villain and he's named after
bowling stuff and who doesn't like
bowling it's also a great villain in
ultimate spider-man and loved I loved
him and spider-man and those early comic
in the early comic run of that student
91 says hey guys just want to say thank
you for the many hours of enjoyment that
prereq and rlm has given me over the
last three
for years you guys are great well thank
you Stu for watching we do appreciate it
Edward Jellico says he got he got rich
rekt absolutely I don't know I like
going back to back because you I really
like Biff as like I mean obviously
though like the real villain is the
circumstance that Marty's that Marty's
in Oh looking at a guy's dick huh all
right I'm not that's oh you're under the
vent I was like why are you so close to
that guy you can't see you but I like
Biff as the as the big dumb meat slam
and I love Biff through the ages old old
Donald Trump if it's great
cowboy Biff Biff that washes the car
it's all great I'm just hanging out why
you know play West urato double-barreled
yeah we kind of gave up on West urato we
both liked it all those things you can't
recreate that yeah that was a good night
that was a good night
but and you know what like I really just
I'm not compelled to play that game
anymore
it's fun game t sorry that's a good
question it's he started saying why do
people like these Batman games so much
they're tedium defined these DLC packs
are exactly tedium defined the game
itself has some really good features and
I think it's still riding a lot of
momentum from the goodwill brought upon
it by people like being Batman or Robin
I forgot how absurd of nice well Arkham
Asylum was a really fun game with a good
game I forgot how to detonate thanks oh
I'm sorry
just the the room is that there and and
what not having some interesting
features yeah to them for graphics oh
it's just one of those things where
people like being be a man I don't see
the first three Arkham games were good I
actually like origins people shit on it
that's fine yeah you said the boss
battles were great in origin boss medals
are the best in the series I still
haven't gotten to that one
I've almost beaten to silent I've almost
beaten Asylum now that's my you know the
real Vienna
I keep hearing great things about
dishonored and rich I know I should
Richard sooner or later a be in the mood
and rich doesn't want to stream it
because he wants to learn it first and
so he needs to be in the mood to learn
it first and then stream it and it's a
whole thing
it's the dishonored is a whole thing I
wish to enjoy it without an audience
yeah and I think that's fair that's -
that is fair jack says collecting data
I got Binding of Isaac rebirth for
Christmas and it's awesome goddamn right
it is I have not played much of
afterbirth mostly because it has yet to
come out for the Vita oh my god he
sprays in rl3 okay he sprays they change
these things for Robin it's not worse
than Batman's spring a bad somebody it's
a - Jay Lucy and Corvin Jack rich will
we see any more undertale at some point
maybe I maybe will finish it it's it's
fun game I've enjoyed the little bits
that we've played so far
but I replaced I've had I've taken a
little break from binding of issac and
I've replaced it with nuclear throne
which recently came to the Vita and is
just one of the hardest games I've ever
played balls hard I streamed it a long
long time ago on the PC and it came to
Vita and it is so balls hard I like I'm
20 hours into it I'm not even close
which may or may not be a good thing
don't know what I'm supposed to do Jack
no idea what I'm supposed to do I don't
know if I go you have a beautiful shield
yeah I'm just you know yes I do I'm
surprised
since some badass tightrope-walking
skills he is an accurate oh no no you're
he's not an acrobat
this isn't Dick Grayson this is this is
Tim Tim the new one Tim Drake Tim Drake
was it now so that Damian twerp yeah
Damian's the new Robin the son of Batman
the last name is Drake shouldn't be like
a duck the duck you know I don't think
that'll work
I know that as Batman sidekick there's a
whole there's a whole Batman thing going
on well you guys chase me then oh
there's something called Red Robin I
don't know anything about it that's they
give you unlimited french fries and
their burgers are mediocre but I'm never
eating one of those either Wow oh and
apparently Damian's dead wait i knows
what happens in the comic books little
Bruce Wayne have a son in the comics yes
Damian Wayne Damian yes yeah who's Robin
apparently for a little bit and is now
dead maybe in one comic but probably not
in other comics who knows Damian Wayne
is the child of Bruce Wayne and a
horrible terrorist woman that wants to
murder everybody yep because Batman has
low standards when it comes to women but
he's kind of fun and Gotham Academy
everything that she's very attractive
her father also wants to murder
everybody and she helps yeah no no as is
the worst pairing for Batman like ever
I like Talia I would if I were Batman I
would pick Talia Catwoman all the way I
picked I'll you know I never made sense
for it to me like Batman not taking over
the league take over the league and make
them do all the work that you want to do
instead
you're going to fight them endlessly
when you had the opportunity to take
them over and make them work for you
that was the dumbest decision Batman
ever made nipples in the baths that was
a phase he was going through phase he
was experimenting
he was so sexually frustrated because he
didn't have Thalia anymore that he
wanted to express himself so what do I
do jack what what am I supposed to do I
do
where are you supposed to go I gotta
take these guys out with us like three
remote oh wait oh no no it would be
orange if I could do something clever
yeah so you can blow up a wall and get
one mm-hmm and do you have your fear
takedown no I don't well I do
oh just use it I know you don't like to
just use it just use to say what you
want about taya Catwoman doesn't want to
destroy the world I get that but Talia
also wouldn't want to destroy the world
if Batman had taken over the League of
Assassins and he said okay we're now
we're gonna worry about destroying the
world anymore we're just gonna help
people and then the League of Assassins
would have listened to him because he'd
be the leader he be Raj oh I gotta be
looking at it now that's so weird
you know every once in a while I think
about watching that Halle Berry Catwoman
movie github or don't you know just stay
there and died don't jump up safety here
Jack what what I don't want to play it
either
I dropped the controller over next to
you oh listen I know they don't I know
that the League of Assassins doesn't
want to help people but if they're Ra's
al Ghul is telling them they have to
help people now they'll listen and like
what's the worst that they would do all
quit and not be assassins anymore
oh darn then Batman wins it's a win-win
if you take over the League of Assassins
it might have a point yeah yeah I
fucking know I got a point unless they
all just scatter
yeah but then they're not organized true
then it's way easier to take them out
all right how did you get down that vent
there's a vent up in the top area that
goes
shahrukh and remote hacking device boom
one at a time huh one at a time what'd
you do one at a time
oh it's dumb
so I guess you do this one then why are
these dickheads now
where are they
the one I think you have to take out
with explosive gel come back up
deactivate the one in the far back huh
then do the fear of Turk down start with
a guy that's pacing back and forth
uh-huh and then to go to the other guy
that's in front of the other - that
would be shooting at you
pterence mm-hmm kuranes popping balloons
again okay she don't care about no Talia
al Ghul she don't care about her it's
how yeah this is this is very important
Talia al Ghul talk oh you're out of the
tall you loop
she's the genocide or mass murderer that
Batman banged and had an illegitimate
child with yeah why God didn't she do
boom into having that child I don't know
I think there's him do which in which
version of DC's timeline exactly I mean
yes having a child a love child with a
homicidal maniac or the father of one or
something is probably a bad idea in
general probably mostly no we don't like
to deal in absolutes but yeah
I think she knocked him unconscious and
raped him oh that's nice well at least
he didn't willingly do it Karen they
want to know how the squirrel comics
Squirrel Girl comics are going well I
actually still need to pick up volume to
be trade paperbacks oh I've only read
like the first five what I like I like
Squirrel Girl I've been reading some I
like Squirrel Girl I've been reading
some Gotham Academy and some giant days
well the hellos Gotham Academy it's it's
like a private boarding school for
Batman universe children including
Damian okay and you just had it you
don't think they're for fun kids
oh so that doesn't work and I'm still
reading trees and the beauty is good
there's like a worldwide in fact
infectious plague that makes people
attractive and it's sexually transmitted
and lots of people are in a big hurry to
go get it until it starts killing people
huh so that's what's coming obvious
there's got to be a downside where would
where would that be the point okay so we
know how to take down redeemable I have
not read our damnable I haven't even
really heard of it they want us to play
rocket League or that bomb game but yeah
I recommend trees there's like these
it's it's like kind of a hard sci-fi the
trees are these cylindrical alien ships
that have landed on earth and ten years
later they still haven't said anything
but they they seem to be activating and
they're trying to figure out what
they're going to do and what it means
for people
yeah Damien hasn't died yet and the ones
I've read yet I have attended to see a
lot of the comic books of all I either
either picked them up in trade paperback
like if I really like them a lot of
things I'll pick them up monthly but
because they drop after a couple months
I'm content to be a couple months behind
and to pick them up after the fact oh
yeah I always preferred trades
I love trades
they want to know if you guys have
played hockey rocket League yet yeah
sounds kind of fun I think it's done
with isn't hockey rocket League there
for the holidays they had like a hockey
puck at an ice rink oh I didn't do that
blood-borne is that a game or a set a
comic book
that's a game great game he was just in
here I like the background the items I
mean the attention to detail the
paintings and and the garbage in this
game here it's just kind of oh I can
block the bullets from mitre with my
bullet shield I already talked about the
bullet shield can you take a guy down
though while using the blunt probably
none you probably have we probably have
to figure out a way to take out that
middle guy and then disable the one and
do the other thing with the other one I
am in a new area in blood-borne that I'm
really liking
but we've been playing a lot of
blood-borne
we've been playing a lot of love born
and you know I know we all love
blood-borne a lot of people asking for
it varjak no you know I don't think
they'll care if you play it I know
nobody is liking this yeah you know I
know
including me and you shouldn't like this
this is bad Tara might think the monster
is a blood-borne or neat I think you can
richest joined the site of people who
think anything but this yeah I'm just
gonna give this one more try take out
that bullet shield see what happens
candy crush no no candy crush I have
never played candy crush and I never
will cuz I know I would be like obsessed
with it and addicted to it just not go
there hey what I I had fuck okay we're
gonna play fuck you game I had that boat
shield out and then it said you know tap
fire to to throw a shuriken so I thought
I'd throw it while holding the boat
shield but apparently that made my boat
she'll disappear oh and I died I'm sorry
I'm just gonna play co-op board you're
on level seven hundred just candy crush
have survived hundred levels of god I
hope not
I know I got shot I figured out that I
got shot I rich go over to your OBS okay
okay everything is gonna be alright
everybody so down Aris go get a tiny
beer and put blood-borne in well the
chick still there but well there now it
sunshine right click like 18 times we'll
be right back
yeah yeah hang out for one second that's
fine that's fine fill the air sounds
like I was like freedom well I'm up here
sing rich as if rich didn't know and I'm
on vacation this week which is always
good getting paid not to work it's
definitely a plus and I wonder if my dog
thinks I'm dead because last time I was
away for a week that came home and he
just about lost his shit he thinks
you're dead yeah well we had lost our
other dog we had two dogs and now we
have one we had lost our other dog a few
weeks before that and then I went away
for a week and I came home when he was
like oh we should have like pretended
that I was like you know away in Iraq
and then just like pretended that this
was a video of some dog being welcoming
home a soldier maybe I could have
dressed up and then I would have been
like a youtube sensation and then I'm
gonna do a big scandal when everybody
figured out that I'm not a in the
military book all time oh god he took
his guy to the galaxy is up there I
really liked all quiet in the Western
Front which is seriously ancient 1984
which is also seriously ancient I really
enjoyed disenchanted by a Robert cruzi
or Crozier I can never remember I always
say
through the ear the eye and the arm I'm
really looking forward to the sometime
this year the there's Peregrine's Home
for peculiar children which is kind of
like an orphanage for people with
magical powers that's coming out asthma
devices you in use by an other
application don't you fucking do this
don't you fucking do this again well we
know what we know what cures it

[Part IV]
wait wait wait wait wait wait did you
have to shut down OBS I shut down OBS I
shut it down - did you shut it down -
did I shut it down shut it down shut it
down this is no signal shit but it's
that's saying and use by another
watching McCallum uncheck and check it
again one moment please
yeah one moment please one moment please
one moment please Oh boning it up
there's a book that I love called the
ear the eye in the arm by Nancy farmer
it's a children's book I mean it's it's
like a young adult book which one the
ear the eye and the arm never heard of
it it's about it's about it's it's set
in the future of Africa and it's about a
detective agency that were like freaks
of nature they grew up in like a nuclear
waste zone and so they have special
gifts and it's about like young kids who
go on an adventure it's great sounds
good it's a book I always read that
helps me get back into reading books if
I might worry if I ever go through a dry
spell and it's like a kids book or it's
like a young adults book
I'll be back live again yeah we're back
alive again you know what else I really
loved is do you ever read any of Gregory
Maguire's books the guy who wrote wicked
no no he wrote one called
egg and spoon which egg like it like the
egg that you eat hmm over my musical get
eggs later yeah and the mean the two
main characters are a couple of girls in
Russia and it's got kind of a funny
Russian sense of you ever do it okay and
they look a lot alike but one of them is
a peasant girl and one of them is a rich
girl and she's on a train and she's on
her way to go get a potential
and okay and they they accidentally
switch identities and so the one girls
trying to get back to the train so she
can go and marry who is she supposed to
marry and she ends up meeting up with
Baba Yaga and so what is Baba Yaga Baba
Yaga is like the Russian Witch of the
North it's like this character I mean
there are also other uses of the word
Baba Yaga but in this case
baba Yaga is is an old Russian witch
woman thing please correct me if I'm a
little bit off but and she lives in a
house on chicken feet and she has her
she has the houses giant chicken yeah
and she eats children and she has these
crazy skulls with light-up eyes on
sticks you know as like a fence or a
palisade around her house
and there's a whole story called Bellus
illa the beautiful and Baba Yaga but
that's not what this is about so you've
got Baba Yaga and she's this funny silly
magical snarky witch figure and she
lives in a house on chicken feet and
then this girl who's a would-be princess
kind of character she's with Baba Yaga
and they're running around through
through Siberia on this house with
chicken feet the said that has sentience
trying to catch up with his train which
is carrying this peasant girl who's
trying to impersonate the girl who's
trying to be a princess because she's
always going to find out hello I'm the
wrong girl don't kill me well so it's
it's just a fun little adventure and
then when they meet up with the you know
with the where the Train finally gets
square it's supposed to be going there's
you know matryoshka dolls and wooden
soldiers come to life and just all kinds
of crazy magic and Baba Yaga is this is
egg and egg and spoon it sounds great I
think the audience is probably supposed
to be middle school I figure I read
enough adult books when I was a kid if I
want to read kids books now in the mix I
will do so so some some nice some young
nice young adult fiction is okay
everyone's know for sure and this I'm
gonna guess it's probably middle school
the intended audience but but it's a
great book and it's a great book for
kids too I mean I can't really imagine
anyone being capable of processing it
and enjoying it and it not being you
know there's no sex in it there's no
great deal of violence it's it's
appropriate for pretty much anybody and
it's a great story the other one I read
not too long ago which is pretty cool
that did I ever mention the night
Gardner rich no the night Gardner is by
his name is the oxy or ocean O'Shea or
something
aux ier is this last name I can't think
of his first name he's got an another
he's got a couple books once called
Peter nimble and the fantastic eyes and
Peter nimble is a blind boy who meets up
with this magical fellow who gives him
three sets of eyes and each set of eyes
does something different but he's not
supposed to try him until he needs them
but this is I believe the second book
that the third book is also about Peter
nimble I think it's not out yet and it's
about this tree and it you you put
forget what you you open it up and on
the in its Hollow and at the end it's
kind of grown into this house but you
open it up and whatever you want most is
in this tree but it kind of gives it to
you in installments so it keeps you
coming and meanwhile it's just kind of
draining your lifeforce
that's about heroin addiction yeah yeah
but it's giving you whatever you
whatever you want whatever you most want
in a bit and yeah it's maybe it's
supposed to be a better for for for junk
but it's also a children's book let it
be a metaphor for junk she's more
well-read than I am
that's for shit sure I go through spurts
sometimes I read more sometimes I read
and I spend more time the internet or
watching stuff does anybody else been
Cat in the Hat
oh yes classic cat in the head I'd like
to hear what kind of stuff people can
spin about what that's a metaphor for or
something the giving tree' takes your
life maybe
who's playing jackets playing I playing
sirens you want to play I'm playing I'm
a through this is so I think last time I
played I was playing that a weird I was
in I was in like the the library right
and I did find the shield which is
useless
yeah the library and right after that
you fight bobble-headed aliens which is
great which you're getting like a little
boss fight and then right after that
boss fight there is immediately another
boss fight nice
are these waffles laughs lers that's a
monster
here we go off Fellini along bit leaves
so green like I don't know a lot more
specifically like Christmas carolers
what you've heard the song right no no I
can't sing very well but the Wonder has
lyrics you know a waffling along
distribution here we go waffling so fair
to be seen love and joy come to you and
Merry Christmas dude what is making you
think of Christmas caroler because
because there was that The Gaslight
there that was surrounded by three
scallop for skeletons and top hats who
looked like they were singing they look
like a group of Christmas carolers what
they were back there somewhere you're a
crazy person
we've already established out you're a
crazy person well yeah because of your
feelings on Mad Max and The Goonies bun
you might be more of a crazy person so
rich agrees with me about The Goonies
yeah but not about hate the goons
I don't hate man Matt's I just still big
deal not wash Ling W a s s W a s s AI Li
ng I think they wast sailing almost you
know they're they're all brats those
Goonies area wasa lers
Patsey somebody even put in foot a
dictionary or a wiki thing for for
Wassily say I learned about waffling
watching the California Raisins
Christmas special where they talked
about what wah sling is all right
California Raisins it was actually
really good it had some raisins in it
but mostly it was it was I'm not gonna
lie to California Christmas raisin
special had some raisins in it that's is
to be expected okay but also had wasa
lers lers it had it was a ver it was
like almost like liquid television you
know it was a bunch of short animated
and you know cartoon and claymation
short videos based on classic Christmas
songs yeah and and it was really nicely
done I don't know why it doesn't get
shown more yeah it had these two
dinosaurs they were kind of the hosts no
I'm not racist toward raisins and in
fact race is coming a number of colors
yellow raisins are you racist or just
ageist yes they're all wrinkled right
out just ages I presume they wet
themselves right
raisin yeah sure we don't know what old
people know Karen yes you can sir first
of all raisins are gross let's just all
agree that raisins are gross cuz they
are I'm gonna be honest with you I've
never had a raisin
because they look rough yeah and I don't
like grapes raisins raisins are alright
but chocolate-covered raisins with dark
chocolate are better
we'll see also the yogurt ones raisins
with shit out of his gray or like
raisins maybe in a cookie that's fine
but raisins by themselves
bullshit reasons are alright they're not
as good as dried cranberries or prune
older days especially dates dates are
good dates and things fuck did you come
you got messed up by a need a sponsor I
didn't know why I didn't see him look oh
he's got like a big fish hook and he's a
fish guy I'm and a fishing feather just
great this game is fucking great all the
time god I'm gonna drink my tiny Miller
Lite rich isn't allergic to everything
he's just allergic to everything that's
healthy fish nuts I never said I was
allergic to raisins this said I've never
had one they look looked at I've never
eaten a raisin bird they're just kind of
sweet and chewy not a gross there's
different weathering yeah but the day's
better I think I never really eaten bugs
raisins are dumb they were a grape at
some point right yes Nick grapes I don't
like that grape flavor
you hate yeah you ain't great what's
time which kind of grape but kind of
like purple drinks no well those are
those are that's like a fake version of
concord grapes which isn't exactly the
totality totality of grapes i mean
there's there's white grapes and red
grapes and black grapes concord grapes
are the wrong thing you never tried a
green grape actually heaven oh I
definitely know my grapes they still
work in a produce department at a
grocery store you've never had a green
grape rich never like what I thought was
the grape flavor apparently I'm wrong
you may or may not like them but I
promise you that a Thompson seedless or
a pearl adder you know other green grape
variety tastes nothing like concord
grape juice inspired beverages or
candies nothing you say I just think
it's weird that as an adult you've never
had like a green grape check chant of
course I'm weird white what do you think
you're here to Shea do remember the time
that I had a salad and you were like you
said you'd never had a cucumber and so I
was like giving you pieces of things out
of my salad saying here try this
and you're like that tastes like water
and I'm like
yeah but it's kind of the texture yeah I
remember those ages ago
oh yeah but I mean you were probably old
enough to vote and you never have a
cucumber old enough to vote like that
cucumbers I don't nobody eats them by
themselves but actually they're really
good with uh I think it's called Tajin
which is like this powder and it's
powder yeah it's powdered it's salt and
chili and lime but it's powdered and
it's not super spicy it's really you
come burn your water
I've heard people do it but I've never
done this just gives you water a little
bit of flavor it's nice yeah it's nice
I've done it with limes but the cucumber
yet cucumber in there is nice yeah
gives you a little flavor not a bad idea
yeah cousin had pickles not overly fond
of them don't like the texture pickles
yeah dick cucumbers are gonna stall town
cucumbers are a great diet food cuz I
mean you know you could like eat them
til you explode and you wouldn't get fed
they're like water and cellulose they
probably have a little bit of sugar in
them somewhere but not enough to write
all about yeah Tajin ism is a brand name
Mexican spice that's just chili pepper
you know page it up
capsaicin you know red chili and lime
and salt cayenne kee auntie
yeah I like pickles especially like you
know like nice Spears or the great big
ones you get it like the Renaissance
Fair they're like the size of your
forearm
what sculpting's yeah rich is the kid
who eats like 18 things he likes
potatoes he likes bread he likes meat
cheese he doesn't really have a sweet
tooth though no that's okay I've got
that I hate sweets just running away
from skulls given the option between
chocolate or cheese I would prefer
cheese 99% of the time oh no chocolate
for sure John you want this ice cream
sundae or do you want this plate of
cheese fries I'll go with the cheese
fries ice cream sundae never
especially if you've got one that has
like strawberry and chocolate and
vanilla together with like a man I'm
thinking like a fucking run or like
caramel or not some of that strawberry
sauce so yeah what kind of cheese rich
what circumstances on cheese fries just
just that just disgusting yellow stuff
that comes in the half gallon can not
nacho cheese though
oh god this is gross yeah this is gross
doc there's a wasp lers where oh yeah I
give him my I gave him a well hatton you
look creepy wha slurs while it around
you can choose what those guys well oh
yeah they totally look like they're
Christmas caroling okay I get it
yeah we're talking doing the thing and
then the talk this guy's going on - all
right a regular sandwich like Munster
Munsters a great cheese you like like
Havarti you like deals later cheese or
like like um cheese with like berry
flavor very briefly like cranberry
there's that cheese with cranberry oh
yeah wine flavored you can get cheese
flavored with all kinds of different
things and almost oh that's good
not a big cheese person not a big cheese
person now those are you know cheeses
more that you eat by themselves
sure American is good but you can't buy
that Kraft process crap you actually
have to go out of your way to find good
actual American clothes isn't really
cheese I'm you know I think they call it
cheese product oil winning flavor oh
it's not it doesn't have any
fermentation going it's a cheese product
yeah it's a cheese flavored product yeah
i mean i think i think they call it like
cheese product or something instead of
instead of having it gonna go over like
normal fermentation they add acid to it
to curdle you know not acid but you know
an acidic yeah you know fruit juice kind
of a thing on a salad some blue cheese
what about what about fad are you like
feta on a gyro I wouldn't like put like
fed on like a club sandwich or something
I don't like gyro meat I do like lamb
but not your roommate yeah I mean you're
a meat is like is like the baloney of
lamb and I like goat I don't know why
goat and lamb are more popular in this
country
goat goat I don't know if I've ever
eaten goat meat and I've eaten a lot of
meats okay
it's got a different all we've heard
goat cheese sure oh it tastes goat goat
cheese tastes like goat meat I mean
there's that that Godinez is the same
okay
I'm with you running away running away
running away from the skulls I think you
just need to charge and get close to
that one yeah I'm trying to get I want
to get close enough to your goat often
is too bony that is annoying but you
know goats not the only thing that's you
know there's some really good fish that
are really bony to if they're not cut
just so I want to get close enough to
the lady to shoot her with my bones yeah
gogoat the main the main drawback is
definitely bone actually you know what I
think I'm gonna do here my plan is this
I'm gonna run up there get that big guy
to come out yeah I know lamb is bring
him out here I just it's hard to
understand why it's not but you're
getting shot at that whole time a lot of
places but she's got region great sure
this run away now or sheep I don't think
running away is working for him well
there you go
how did i lure that big guy yeah I did
here we go all right grant where do he's
neat I love his face mouth look at that
thing Karen oh my god isn't it great
it's just somebody spray-painted him
silver they know monsters these guys
fuck you
I want you to run past like this big
grappling hook you looking thing oh my
god oh my god
rich have you ever eaten protein poutine
booty it's great
I have never it works it actually works
I've heard you know I know it's like
Canada's national dish just about yeah
we're gonna get poutine around here
didn't you have anyway we went to
vanguard is that like the best poutine
you can get I think the only poutine you
can get here around here really yeah
this place alright did you have any yeah
yeah he's good that's like that's where
yeah I'm wondering if I should take her
to get protein yeah go to Vanguard
what's Vanguard it's like a fast food
joint it's a SAS address true it's a
it's a restaurant that specializes in
sausage it was comically loud though
you'd hate eating there it's it's a
little we we went on a weird night it's
I guess you know what every night could
be weird I we're just gonna try I do
want to fight that big fish mark sausage
place that specializes it's oh and you
know what there's sausage there all of
their sausages are amazing I haven't met
that many sausages I didn't like not
that I've tried any of the really
strange ones like you're booking it I
was trying to book it oh there he is
he's over on that side I was attempting
to book it but now I need to fight my
way through this yeah okay I know they
want me just to run pass but it's like
this is my first time fighting these
guys I want to fight them yeah ethnic
foods all over temperate climates
revolve around fermentation one sort or
another it's a great means of
preservation I've never had a filthy
fish or any lutefisk or any of that
stuff but I can see what you're making
words I've never had gorfeins Mick but
you know one time I did try fly actor
Kirk and I never had kimchi there's a
lot of things that are like on my food
bucket list
yeah the sausage restaurant has some
really amazing stuff also right next
door to the sausage restaurant is a
pretty good place thought if you've ever
wanted to have fun
you're gonna need to explain the door
and I don't remember so I can't do it
have you ever had a ramen yes Farah man
it's the Vietnamese version of ramen and
so it's like it's like noodles and meat
in a big bra I thought you just for some
reason we're reluctant to say fuck
no no it's called pho okay um we have a
good place I have never tried fuck it's
it's good it's it's rice noodles instead
of egg noodles and so it's very it's
very filling it's and you know like
especially now that it like the weather
is getting a little colder it's it's
really great on a cold day it's like a
big bowl of pork soup buckwheat noodles
buckwheat noodles no they're pretty good
you usually find him in like
supermarkets and stuff
Karin's bucket list is just gross food
because that's all she hasn't had yet
yeah she's an adventurous eater yeah
generally speaking if somebody says here
try affect my friends father he used to
his parents were from the old country
and he used to give stuff to us and he'd
be like here try this what is it just
try it okay that's the best way to do it
yeah as far as I'm concerned yeah I you
know as long as it doesn't involve like
bodily wastes or dogs I admit you know
in some parts of the world that's normal
but I couldn't do it it's me getting
expert bugs I don't I buzzed it maybe it
depends on how they're if they're ground
up if they're grown up like I was going
to try and flour but I don't know that
I'd want to just chomp down on a cicada
if you if you eat lobster you should not
poopoo eating bugs right Lobster is the
bug of the sea shower or shrimp I had
some shrimp by yesterday actually we
went to El Fuente de know Fuente elf one
day it's well wait wait let's see Fuente
yeah yeah swagger we're gonna find
Mexican they have their there breaded
coconut syrup is so good it's like
shrimp bread and coconut and deep fried
and then they give you the sauce which i
think is probably coconut milk and
pineapple Oh
yeah there Christine cover or not bugs
but they have chitin as exoskeletons
which is usually the main turnoff for
bogs although I'll admit people are a
little squeamish about maggots to which
like them what
well no I'm saying the reason why most
people don't want to eat bugs I think a
lot of it is the chitin is exoskeleton
the crunchy crunchy which is also
something that that crustaceans sure
sure and then I was saying of course
people often don't want to eat meal
worms which are larvae and they don't
really have the hard tightness
exoskeleton charger oh I've had escargot
at least like what it's marinated in its
it's like it tastes like a hard chewy
kind of chewy firm mushroom because I
had it in butter and garlic yeah I've
had escargot I don't know it's
necessarily worth the price for me to
get it again it was I just as soon have
like sauteed mushrooms with the same
taste and a softer consistency but it
wasn't bad I know we're on food
conversation but somebody asked the chat
earlier and I want to answer it said
jacket Richard yeah yeah
I'm mostly a PC guy but I'm dying to try
blood-borne is there is there any other
game on the PlayStation 4 there are you
there are any games the PlayStation 4 to
make it worth it other than blood-borne
my answer is no there really aren't just
blood-borne not there but you can't get
well the PC yeah that you can't also get
on the PC the answer's no but the ps4
has a lot of games that are also on PC
that you can buy for the ps4 that I
think helped even the scales but if you
already have the PC that can play the
games there's no mean this guy's already
a PC gamer so I have my answer is no
you're right and I'm agreeing with you
but I'm just saying like if if you're
looking to play blood-borne and you're
also willing to buy some games that you
would normally buy on the PC on the ps4
is good then it's I still think if you
could have played them on the PC that
doesn't justify it if you could have
played them and you have PC that
could've run it it's tough it's a tough
call
I agree it's a tough call blood-borne is
so fucking good blood-borne is just so
fucking good
eventually what was a Dark Souls came to
PC eventually right oh yeah so you know
there's always the possibility of it
coming to PC later
oh you're in water did you get past that
spark smile I wasn't looking no no this
is where I start okay usually I just
kind of walk right past that ah
all right so food what food i derailed
the conversation for that question
i think we've already talked about most
everything there is if you're done why
did somebody bring one up but yeah
generally I'm willing to try most things
hmm not like raw eyeballs I mean I do
have my I do have and I've never tried
liver but I'd be willing to I've had
gizzards and hearts hearts are chewy
gizzards are kind of gritty almost I've
never had liver but I've had gizzards
yeah I like that
I think liver they're usually talking
about like cow or sheep or something
liver gizzards it's you know mammals
don't have those right and the hard
start was chicken hard I don't I just I
just like the flow of that sentence yeah
I've never had lizard about once I've
eaten gizzards okay you could tempt me
or two with a plaintiff Zamir is
divisive I know people there are people
who love liver and people to debate
liver uh-huh
you know what I love liverwurst it's
it's that like it's like a it's like
well it's it's like a sausage it's like
in a sausage casing but it's like
spreadable so it's like it's like a
sausage like liver cells liver cells
verse does the German works awesome yeah
okay where's just like spreadable liver
paste yeah and it's so fucking good
essentially use that as dog food exactly
no it looks like dog food and it like it
it has the most horrible texture of
anything you would ever eat but it
tastes know that I never
my dog loves it my mother uses it my
mother used to put his pills in and he's
you know we have no trouble at all
getting him to take his pills
oh sure it's there if you don't assemble
the pills into the into the liver Sasha
fast enough you could see the drool
coming out of his mouth but at the floor
uh-huh it's like hurry up and give it to
him so he doesn't get the floor all what
what it's it's my dog's favorite thing
in the world lab lab huh
fuck oh my god liver leaves an odd oily
grittiness on the tongue I don't know if
I'd like that that's what I don't like
about the oiliness kind of thing is what
I don't like about euros not the taste
it's that oiliness I've never had blood
pudding does blood pudding tastes like
blood I mean does it taste like when you
cut your mouth at metallic kind of a cuz
I mean while I've cut my mouth it wasn't
horrible you know but not necessarily
something I would want to have a it was
disagreeable it's kale good it is if you
roast it and turn it into kale chips I'm
a Brussels sprout a liberal I don't like
kale even when you've roasted and turn
into G I hate like kales fucking useless
it tastes very green it's almost like
eating parsley or something which when I
was a kid I was used to eat the parsley
garnish yeah I kind of like parsley and
those kind of green tastes and I like I
like dandelion greens
what pudding sounds like something a
Klingon whinnying yeah blood is in the
color not the taste no I think blood
pudding is made out of blood where did
he go do you think it's bland oh dollar
huh do you know that for sure
pretty sure tastes like coppery meat I'd
be willing to try it I don't know that I
like Graham Russell roasted Brussels
sprouts with our with like raspberry
vinaigrette or balsamic oh oh my god
yeah or even butter and a little lemon
juice I love Brussels sprouts I don't
understand why people
I hate them so much and broccoli too
although I don't like it too much
straight-up raw it needs to be at least
a little bit steamed or something
yeah Brussels sprouts are great just
olive oil salt and pepper in the oven
cut them in cut them into fourths
strips from olive oil put some salt and
pepper on them until until they start to
get black on the outside they're great
oh yeah Brussels sprouts are poisonous
guys is that something oh it's just
cloud coverage in them okay look like
those except or Nova going on in the
background yeah it's a lot like cabbage
it can have a certain bitterness to it
and I think that's probably what turns a
lot of people off but I drink my coffee
black I don't really mind bitterness
even I'll even drink it with no sugar at
the time coffee yeah yeah yeah like if
you're gonna put your like the we ate
always weirds me out when people put
sugar but no cream in their coffee just
sugar in coffee the weird is that if I
put I like I drink my black all the time
I drink it black nearly all the time but
I will
I'll put sugar in it before I put cream
in it so sometimes I'm willing to do
like sugar and not but most the time I
don't put anything in it hey Jack take
that key to the area directly after the
underground corpse pile then find a
staircase that goes down yeah thinking
about about bitterness is it cauliflower
is good too I think the thing about the
bitterness with coffee and Brussels
sprouts is it sounds like there's a
genetic difference a degree of genetic
variation between humans and for some
people bitterness tastes a lot stronger
it's a lot it's very unpleasant and for
other people it's nuts
not so much other people don't mind
possibly like capsaicin you know hot
peppers but it may just be that some
people just think well it's intense I
mean I think about it like I think rich
when he eats hot peppers he's like I
don't like the sensation at all yeah
whereas I'm like to me it's kind of like
taking a hot bath it's like it's just
fine until it isn't but it's good it's
good it's out it's very strange right
I'm putting it
yeah but I don't mind I don't mind the
sensation of hot food until it actually
gets to be intensely painful sure so it
can be pretty hot and I don't mind so
where am I going but I that is scrolled
a long time ago okay the corpse pile I
think I remembered like an area that was
locked off before okay but generally if
there's like a picture of somebody
screaming on the bottle I'm going to
avoid it okay yeah oh yeah I'm okay with
spicy I have a problem because I shaved
my head there's no hair it's a cat the
sweat and so even if I eat something a
little too spicy it's just dripping
everywhere sweat is dripping everywhere
I never thought about that but yeah I
guess you a lot of your hair does absorb
a lot it exactly so I you know I
generally have a problem eating spicy
stuff that doesn't stop me from eating
spicy stuff it just means that I'm uh
I need more napkins than most say I
don't I don't I don't have you know I
forgot hair so I don't have to worry
about that but I find that the the
bothersome thing is that my nose starts
to rot sure and it's not polite to blow
your nose at the table and it's like
it's also not like to have you know
water snack but you know it's mostly
water
you know your your eyes are watering and
it's draining out through your nose
running down your face hey why is he
here let me follow you why does he
follow me I don't know what no idea if
my taste would change an LSD I've never
tried it
why does he follow me what the hell is
that
I kind of love him I thought I hit him
with my Bandera but I didn't though I
there are a bunch of long doors but the
underground key which you have only
unlocks one very important rule okay I
got a beat this guy apparently but I'm
with you take my gun I got wasabi you
like wasabi you know a little bit of
wasabi is nice I'm a huge fan of sushi
Oh of all forms of sushi need a little
wasabi in the in the soy sauce looks
like a staircase that goes up you in the
right spot yeah I think there's a
there's an area right over here
past this doofus it's obvious like a
totally different kind of spicy it's
like spicy in your sinuses and it's
short-lived it's like if you breathe the
wrong for that area he's not damaged
yeah your range is don't one charge to
tax curry oh I definitely like curry
especially green curry Thai green curry
with the made with coconut milk I pretty
much like everything made with coconuts
made with coconut milk we did that
damage hard yeah I'm so sad oh why did
Japan is like horseradishes with green
food coloring yes he has like a hurt
himself weapon I think he is one of
those hurt himself and it becomes more
powerful weapons all right I think I can
get that weapon and I think it's a good
one I think that's the is that the
church staff is it better I never had
real Japanese wasabi I don't think but I
do like the horseradish one and I like
horseradish your Swedish yours uh have
you had your hairy sorry I have heard of
these here sorry these Karen flaming hot
cheetos bad they're definitely better
than the regular cheetos which I'm not a
big cheeto person I like cheese puffs
the big round ones and I like a lot of
cheeto type things but actual cheeto
brand Cheetos not crazy about the hot
ones are better I need more space to
fight this guy I'm gonna see if he'll
follow me into the corpse pile that's my
that's my strats yep that's my man
strats they had I think it was Doritos
they had a habanero Dorito for a while
okay and it was good but it was just too
salty
it was just overpoweringly salty what's
what's your level right now jack
hi it's very high well you know the
flavors settled um I'm just I'm just
curious how hard this is that's all oh
you know what it's not hard I just
haven't figured out his movements yet
but I'm very leveled I'm 112 so it's
like yeah I think I'm over level
for this isn't sconce and this is
Milwaukee walk he's a rule but no no
we're not we're not like in farm country
or anything
my ideal pizza cheese yeah well it
depends I mean there are two kinds of
pizzas that I like and there are two
different kinds I like like the kind of
pizza that beggars makes which is like a
thin crust pizza with cheese if I'm
eating thin crust pizza I like it with
like cheese and mushrooms pineapples and
onions but but I also really like like
Giordano's like the pizza hi my kago
style you see what a pineapple in any
form it's kind of got a sweet sour
things interestingly against the cheese
last thing I want with pizza is sweet he
disappeared he despawned yeah and then I
really like the deep-dish Chicago style
pizza pie you know with the with the
kind of baked in that she's baked into
the crust and then the you know it's
like a it's like a crust is like a dish
and there's cheese in there and then the
sauce is on top those are good too
oh my god I can't even wait pizza does
that have ham on it I'm not a big fan of
ham on pizza I know a lot of people like
it best way oh oh oh yeah that's
something about parrying though I can
only be I tried hitting him and I cannot
hit him I think I have to parry I think
your chairs tried pineapple on penis
right I hate it right now we're having
to several times conversations and it's
freaking me like olives are good at
beets a green olives - you can crowd a
pizza really easy yeah a few toppings
yeah certainly not certainly not
pineapple certainly not fucking Canadian
goddamn bacon pineapple yes Danny and
bacon no keep it simple one or two
toppings well you know there's something
to be said for that it depends on the
kind of cheese cuz I mean on a cheap
pizza the more ingredients the better if
the cheese isn't top-notch then you know
a green onions like me know well it
depends your fuck then your
fuck to begin with no do something else
no it depends it really depends I've had
pizzas that have a whole bunch of
ingredients ingredients and it's really
good green peppers onions mushrooms
Bobby haven't you had it
banana peppers see banana peppers are to
feel sour to me I don't know
I'm pizza banana peppers even jalapeno
they all end up tasting things taste
kind of vinegary
karen is Rich's curmudgeonly internet
persona all an act and in real life is
he just a huge romantic yes him yes
honestly honestly answer he's he's
gotten a certain old man curmudgeon
leanness to him but yes he's almost
romantic yes ma'am I have a sweetheart
sure you are I wouldn't know how to call
myself a hopeless romantic though no but
you're you're devoted yes yeah well
you're sweet you're generous or thought
all these things are very true
all right going in swinging all right
coming it going and parrying again we
can do this I'm not like that I'm not
like that oh they said every time we
stream alone we're precious and adorable
that was PDA know about that PDA
yes braches definitely overrated get up
good it's not horrible but not a big fan
sardines are too salty I really like
herring tentacle Ken herring and pickled
herring Rollmops where they you have the
herring wrapped around you ever have
Rollmops caring wrapped around slices of
pickle with a with a a toothpick holding
it together no I've never had that I do
like sardines like bristling like you
like you like see like can't fish yeah
yeah anything salty like that like
sardines over avocado is sardines over
avocado on a piece of like toast with
olive oil that sounds fantastic they'll
change your life sardines are so salty
but the avocado would Neutron neutralize
that and then you put a little olive oil
on I'm like I'm like a hard roll like a
like a toasted roll salt pepper
it's amazing Jack you got a slow clap I
got a slow clap it from the chat I did
it I did it took me well it took me a
little bit to understand what was
happening I want to see you about
anything wrapped asparagus I want to see
what what I got from him there's a
there's a sushi place over over by me
and we go there sometimes but it's funny
I never get sushi there I mean the sushi
is good don't get me wrong but they have
salmon salmon wraps with like some kind
of a sweet sauce salmon wrapped around
asparagus I usually get that and you
know these are like 2 hors d'oeuvres and
then they have one that's like tempeh
it's like a jalapeño popper but it's
like with with cream cheese and tempeh
and
oh my god somebody's saying no you have
a cool hat oh is that what that sounds
good
most fish is good tunas good Salmons
good we were talking about it mr.
burrito on stream oh god I don't think
we I don't recall
Jack do you recall that story but you
tell me that sir do you not want to talk
about it we can talk about you've
already brought it up I know I know I
used to be a place we used to go to eat
near us
well ages ago was to talk about first
team Chloe look at this building telling
us to talk about that way they went
under
they opened up some place called Tino's
beef and pasta there next they went on
there an other restaurant opened up
there
they went under and then eventually a
place moved in there called mr. burrito
and yeah we went in there guy I ran the
place sweetest guy nice man big guy
where's he from Mexico I think yeah he
had like crappy jobs before I was all
proud he had a job he was really
sociable and and really friendly and he
opened the job with his brothers
you know there's progression with his
brother or his cousin or somebody's name
is Jimmy and he was so friendly hey how
you doing a nice nice man his previous
job I guess he he worked in the backroom
of like a steak house and they would
just stand there and process stuff and
they weren't allowed to talk so he's
standing there all day mr. sociability
free drinks like all the time very nice
man but but I had tried to stay away
from for a while because I was trying to
lose some weight and I hadn't been in
there so and you know I mean the
quesadillas were excellent but in
quesadillas and and rice and generous
portions of very Anna Magdalena
orange-flavored AHA Vito you know to
drink and its square we are talking
about a few calories oh just a few just
a few have been months cuz Kara was on
diet I just hadn't been in there yeah
that's good mr. brito name we want
and he was crying he was literally
crying I said well you guys been it's my
last day closing and this wonderful
sweet bed made us made us dinner like
crying the whole time it was terrible we
wished we hated to see that abdomen we
went there it was like we were always
like the only ones there and it wasn't
that spot is like doomed it's just kind
of by birthing and other guys yeah it's
by itself one side of the street is is
County Forest Preserve the other side
there's not a whole lot you know there's
like a bank and a couple of bullshit
things after that it was another
restaurant that also went out of
business
yeah it was a golden to cash kind of
thing and that closed yeah I don't think
it's anything right now I mean that spot
is just do but so the day I die I will
remember where have you guys been Oh
I mean even if we had come there every
day we couldn't have especially not with
the free drinks yeah but I mean you know
even if I mean it was a nice meal I
think it was like five bucks or six
bucks or something
but even if we spent you know six bucks
a day there every day of the week we
couldn't have single-handedly yeah we
were just about attend to customers
did the tears make the food saltier I I
still feel bad I hope he whoever he is
they let him talk because he is a nice
nice man what do I do here it I don't
know am I not going is why he closed I
think not single I can kill him thank
you fault they're saying it's our fault
rich oh you probably killed this I hope
not
you seemed like he had a nice family he
had his cousin and stuff so at least if
his shop went down you know his extended
family might give him a reason to keep
going and maybe they started another
business or something I don't know
oh there's me started another mr.
burrito and I'm that much nicer area
yeah so much business yeah well we can't
talk to him because we don't know where
he lives there anything he might be
homeless for all we know
oh yeah and we certainly wish him well
look at this weapon
I got his thing you like the blunt
weapons just say if you're if he's
working in the bathroom attendant will
you look him in the eyes rich yeah yeah
welcome I guess
well I didn't know if this is some kind
of a thing that guys aren't even look at
their attendants eyes are there we
didn't purposefully put him out of
business
oh no oh my god
Kanak Nader guest mr. burrito probably
not I think the place is probably open
for about six months now he's master
burrito I hope he is I very much wish
Jimmy well but all I know is is Jimmy I
don't even know what's his last name
mr. burrito or what Jimmy might be short
for whether he's James he will always be
mr. burrito to me you know maybe his
last name is him in a nose or something
you know what Chet I didn't know that
that would kill me lay off that was a
the old one does she know the l2 charge
attack apparently causes frenzy and
everyone including you oh so it killed
me instantly singing frenzy close yeah
and yeah because I have such high
insight
my friend Z's shit cuz that was the cool
hat I got from that guy look at hey he's
a cool-looking hat that is a cool
looking happen I'm just thinking it
might get in the way with your fighting
weight guy you're not playing as granny
GILF oh no I'm still I'm still fo GILF
he's a guy though alright well that's
what I got from him yeah that doesn't
look like a granny it's Ethel man
where's that though there she is
tick you can design your character
alright well I got that now all right
great
oh I guess I should go back and pick up
my boy that goes it's only eight
thousand but still do-do-do-do-do-do
did you so that was just said I go and
kill that guy and get his weapon I mean
that's cool but yeah that's a cool it's
a cool weapon so if we go to that
restaurant and there's like or that that
location and they ever put another
restaurant in there should we just get
out there should we just go there the
first day if you like your food is
excellent you're nice people save
yourselves while you can it's too late
just put a sign on the building before
the next thing movie yeah
don't be way all ye who should rent this
property ha ha ha well there was the
Denny's that that was like three things
that never opened and then it turned
into the pancake house and that's been
there for years that seems to do well
read the description for the hat the
scalp ooh
this is our horrible third beast
indicating that hunter borrowed or
frayed or a healing braid or a braid or
a healing church accession assassin had
killed a compatriot afterward he wore
his allies ohm scalp and hid himself
away deep low in a Cell the trick
provided him with a single soundless
Bell of death to ensure their secrets
would be kept
what's a soundless Bell of death that
was he was just silently ringing it in
his cell so I was okay to kill him it
was okay to kill him because he had
assassinated his friend well that's nice
that's nice so you kill him and then you
just so nice yourself afterwards so now
well you know if I would have read the
description when I first got it I would
have known it was okay to kill him but
now more importantly I'm wearing the
scalp of his friend yay most most
underrated Star Trek film everybody
knows I think that's the motion picture
it's the most underrated Star Trek film
that needs a serious rillette it there's
some quality in there there's some
quality in there you know you know what
all it needs is cut out the bullshit
enterprise masturbation that takes up 30
minutes of the front of the movie it
turn on you know cook some food while
that's going on
right
with a simple chapter skip that movie
gets make some macaroni much better
maybe I'll wait no what are the stats on
this thing

[Part V]
right now what are the stats on this
thing yeah maybe I level this up a
little bit I kind of like this
they have all these shards that I'm not
doing anything with there we go oh wait
I can I think I can blood gem the blood
letter doo doo doo
do-do-do-do-do but that milkweed ruin if
you have it and talk to the guy in
beginning of fishing hamlets oh yeah
there was that guy I didn't kill him
okay hold on I will I will do as you say
just give me a moment
predators equipment drops at the places
he previously tried to kill you oh cool
I would say the places he successfully
tried to kill you he did successfully
try to kill me but wait there's a
milkweed thing that I have to do
apparently
hold on there's a ruined milkweed ruin I
thought they said I could be wrong all
right hold on give me a moment
okay I'm fine everything's fine what is
the best controller you have ever used
rich mouse a keyboard depends on what
game we're talking about though
shooters mouse and keyboard otherwise
they're all fine as long as they're not
cheap the 360 is okay
dual Jack's fine I was like the 360 you
know what still my favorite one of my
favorite controllers is the GameCube
controller that fit my hands very nice I
still don't get with a 360 controller
why why the analog stick is offset and
why that's good why that's great it
works why why is it better than the Meg
together I don't get it
because then you know it's like that's
where your thumb naturally rests like if
you if if I'm holding the PlayStation
and my thumb naturally rests where the
buttons are and for like a first-person
shooter your thumb naturally rests
where'd it where it is right where this
which is funny because I just I just
blindly after you said that picked up
the 360 controller yeah my thumb's lying
right between there no on the mid zone
that's that's good placement then okay
wait it's not a rolled their controllers
a little differently
and that's true and it's really what
you're used to
I just like things that aren't
ridiculously large cuz I've got every
size hands for a woman and some of these
like the original Xbox controller are
just crazy oh yeah oh god the original
Xbox controller loves that thing it was
ridiculous
murky damp the controller should not be
bigger than the console yeah well not
what are the consoles really spoke huh
huh huh they got tiny console huh just
saying I don't think I have a milkweed
something rule that's gems you want room
huh you're in the wrong section
yeah these Oh bees to get the milkweed
rune you have to go around the astral
Clocktower collecting brain fluid from
the blobby things and give them to that
blood bloated head lady who asked you
for them switch weird shit in this game
and I don't know if they're fucking with
you or if it's something they would
really do a blood-borne oh no I remember
when I was going through the the like
the library medical place and that lady
was like I need brain juice oh yeah it
was great
it was great so wait that's it
all right we're gonna have to give
somebody brain juice okay where do I go
for the brain juice where do we go for
the brain juice I'm going to brain juice
I got antlers on my head let's brain
juice it up excuse me mr. man brain
juice in the nightmare I assume astral
Clocktower boom going turn how do you
feel about brain juice we have to
collect brain juice ridge time chick
1008 okay
beat me front Avenue we got a decently
long straight
we had a decently long stream I feel bad
that we played so much Batman because it
sucked so much yeah whatever it's fine
rich what do you think of the oculus
rift being $5.99 it makes me doubly not
interested in one I didn't carry the
first place
and I certainly wouldn't be willing to
experiment for $5.99 I don't want to
fall on this thing because then you're
stuck out here other things out here
I'll wait until someone I'm someone wait
until I have an opportunity to try the
try one to decide whether or not I'll
bother getting one when you can get one
for a hundred bucks right all right I'm
in the astral Clocktower
there's a lady fighting here oh my god
hold on and then there are some there
are some things out here that I defeated
before the lady thing you don't have to
jack when you equip it you'll just get
some extra lines with an NPC well fuck
you mana witness do it go to the top of
the research hall and there's one brain
juice when you hit the talking blob the
other one is next to the church hunter
in the middle of the room someone else
FC Lucas is saying wrong way maybe I am
wait maybe I have him already do you
want to summon somebody and have them
guide you to the brain juice I think I
might have him already I've gotten all
the things already
lady Maria is the one named in the clock
town tower she was tough battle let me
go to the brain juice lady over here
Steve see if I can talk to her
I remember where she is
apparently the internet says those says
those oculus azar sold out how many do
they make small released a small enough
number so they could say they were sold
out uh that's the key
I've been hyped for a while but yeah I
can't see that many people chipping in
for 600 bucks to get water if money were
no object it might be a nice toy to play
with but did you get the jist of Lourdes
yeah yeah but for most people money
success $600 is it is a console I'm like
that's a that's a you know you could get
a halfway decent gaming PC for 600
that's another month of life that's
exactly you remember this rich not
specifically oh maybe
okay apparently I didn't get the murky
mushy brain fluid all right party people
murky mushy brain fluid where am I going
for the murky mushy brain fluid look if
you go to the room with the giant
flaming cleric beast you may see some
stuff the giant flaming cleric beast
another I know the cleric beast is that
thing you fight at the very beginning of
the game on the bridge is there a
flaming one in the DLC Jesus Christ I
have no idea I have not in recent memory
fought a giant flaming cleric beast go
up with both elevators and find the blob
next to a hunter
okay oh I think I know what you're
talking about I think I know we're
talking about $600 just like 500 plus
games on Steam during a sale yes yes
none of which will be supported by the
oculus rift yeah yeah what is gonna be
available on the stupid rift no you know
this is like being a valve has opened up
there all of the like source engine
stuff to it there is no brain fluid
outside the lab area see that thing
right there that's a blobby thing Karen
what games do you whoop rich at oh yeah
nothing it's two-player but you're far
better than me it depends some nights
amount some nights ELISA there are other
games I'm sure
oh that's right I didn't probably
involve like words or something
yeah maybe trivia with in with maybe
categories that I music any music trivia
site some science stuff certainly like
like medicine like with your dad
we're talking about Stephen we were
talking about Stephen Hawking and his
father his father was I said just as
Stephen Hawking ever get jealous of Lou
Gehrig I said because if if Lou Gehrig
hadn't had it you know would they would
they be calling it Stephen Hawking's
disease now and that's horribly morbid I
love it and and riches father goes well
what are they called in England and I
said I think they call it neurone motor
disease instead of amyotrophic lateral
sclerosis just like they do here it just
looks at me it goes how do you know that
because I'm a nerd I don't know anyone
who has it I think we got in this
subject because so he wasn't sure
something's talking about somebody he's
like they've got they've either got ALS
or Parkinson's I don't remember which I
think it was Parkinson's and I said well
if you're going to give one I don't
really want you to get you know a person
to get either of them but ALS I think
the life expectancy is like two years
Parkinson's is the better one to get if
you've got to get one of them and then
he said well Stephen Hawking I think
that's how we got into that because you
know Stephen Hawking's has been around
for a long time and and I said yeah I
mean I think his his breathing in his
swallowing haven't been compromised
too much which is unusual and all that
time that's why he's still here there's
another brain fluid sac on the raptors
of this tower or you turned the
staircase they won't let that bad dive
I'm sure he wants to
well you know maybe he wants to some
days in other days he doesn't well she
said she'd give me her blood but you
didn't give me your blood
you might need how many did you give her
I gave her one I think you need to Oh
I said there's another one in the
rafters son Jesus Christ I gotta go all
the way to the rafters yep where you
turn the staircase yeah I remember I
don't I don't know if I can exactly
remember how to get up someone else is
saying you probably need to exit and
re-enter the area for her to want more
brain fluid then you get the other one
from the top of the room I'm a small bit
at the top of the rehab that very first
listen we're here we'll get the brain
fluid I hid like there's a lot of people
to fight in here wait wait did you see
that did you see that what I think I saw
a secret area
is that a secret amazing was that a
secret no I think this is just an area
Wow Karen have you seen the theory of
everything no miss Stephen Hawking
rom-com oh I've heard about it I haven't
seen it it's it's on the list of movies
I would like to see I've seen some like
nonfiction documentaries about Stephen
Hawking and about his theories version
of Windows do you use 7 because what the
fuck do I need to figure out how to get
all my old games to work on Windows 10
for maybe they won't it looks like you
can fall through there okay get this
other than just oh new cool is there
really a lot of compelling stuff for you
and Windows 10 I mean other than you
know yeah it's better than Windows 8
supposedly but you didn't even bother
with Windows 8 already went through the
headache of trying to get Jedi Knight to
run on Windows 7
and I run Windows seven - yeah me too
whenever seven all the way I've heard
very mixed reviews about Windows 10 and
I think it's even if I had used it it
would be a bit a little bit premature to
have an opinion about it usually these
things after they've been out for a year
or two and they've got some service
packs and things like that going on I
think they tend to him work out bugs it
hasn't been out that long when ten seems
like there's a lot of intrusive spying
on user content and I'm not shocked yeah
that's the new that's new hotness all I
know is they're giving out Windows 10
for free now and you know if you're if
you're an old Windows user every time
user every time a user
I'll open up with the window side of
that computer there's a little thing
that says hey you could you could you
have Windows 10 now for free there any
way you can like block that I think
there is but it's it's it's tough to do
and and there there's always the rule
where it's if if you're not paying or if
you're paying for something you're the
customer and if you're not if you're
getting something for free you're the
product
hmm and so they're giving away Windows
10 for free because they want your data
yeah yeah they want your data to sell
the people well other than then and a
few minor aesthetic improvements some of
which could probably be duplicated with
software without changing OS I don't
know that it really offers much
compelling that I've heard of it may
have some security you know
advantages and stuff Windows 10 actually
had an update recently that uninstalled
third-party programs like CC cleaner
without warning you or asking for
permission boom windows Windows 10
brought back the start button though or
you can just use Windows 7 which has the
start button that works Windows 8 Start
button you could do it in classic mode
ok where do I where do I gotta go now in
order to fight a fire cleric I'm not
doing the brain fluid thing because I've
remembered getting up to the clot to the
top of this is a pain in the ass ok so
keep moving forward or find a fire
cleric beast and really I mean the idea
of something resembling a start button
this kind of universal now I mean when
Apple has it you know has its taskbar
which is pretty much doing the same
kinds of things chrome has that little
thing in the lower left hand corner
which is an awful lot like Start button
it's carrying a Star Trek fan what would
she like to see in the new series
I'd like like to see them address find a
way to address modern social and
political issues by proxy I think in
some ways it's it was decks gen was of
its time I'd like to say them see them
bring it forward I'd like to see more
stories and more creative stuff which is
gonna be a case in any series I hope
they're gonna you know bring some
Vulcans in at some point mr. Vulcan
would you say you're a fan of Star Trek
yeah yes what level what level of fan
are you casual fans in where are the
levels in the first Chapel of hunters
nightmare where the big dude comes with
an axe out of the dorm so I'm saying you
go to the first lamp up that long
staircase with the Cthulhu ax ogre oh
yeah I remember him wait but there was
no guy in there I don't I just reading
things I read the things he's my job
okay I'm gonna go back to where that guy
killed me that first time because I
think they said he dropped something
and if he's not there I'll try to the
tight that go through the monster I'm a
fan but not the sort of fan that the
sort of fan who wants other fans to
prove their fan this would find suitably
fan vanish Tiberius Kirk says our world
is so sick that TOS still addresses a
lot of modern social it does and then so
does you know all in the family a show
which you know is older than I am that's
got a big s staff you probably don't
want to miss wagon
what bye I thought he might be a friend
I thought he might be a friend you think
he was a friend just say he wasn't doing
anything he wasn't like looking for me
or nothing I thought he might be a
friend and I could talk to him and he
would be a great friend but I'm leaving
now
Madden episode that address gender
fluidity would be fine with me it's just
an episode they could address any number
of things in an episode watch the watch
thing
Cameron what it's called I said TNG
episode were Riker Falls and like in
love with an alien from species that has
no gender that's something I don't think
I've seen that one see rich likes to
binge-watch so he's seen like every next
gen in every class Genbu boom boom boom
boom I ignore like yeah I feel like
watching Star Trek let me flip through
the synopsis oh yeah that looks
interesting have I seen that before oh
yeah I think I saw it once before whoops
guess I'm watching it again
the outcast that's what they're saying
it's called oh maybe we'll watch that
tonight if it's not too late yeah sure
sure so they were they were already
discussing gender fluidity yes
well before the time in which it was the
massive talking point in all the media
outlets gender fluidity all right I'm on
it wait whose burger Star Trek nerd
Micha rich
Mike Mike yeah Mike she's got the memory
for it not that I'm not a big Star Trek
fan oh no you're a huge Star Trek fan
yeah good you don't necessarily you
probably have more memorabilia and swag
and whatnot if you had the means swag do
do do do do it Mike by virtue of being
the owner of a studio gets a certain
amount of swag just from that isn't the
summary on the building no yeah I mean
who's the corporation that's in his name
okay so do I have to fight him I just
run past them
like probably can't fight them
that makes it son I objected to it
because it makes it sound like our
relationship is like a business
relationship no you guys have been
friends yes high school yeah and I
really don't think that there would
probably be a red letter media right now
if you hadn't been part of Mike's life
oh that I mean there probably still
would be it would just probably very
very different yeah
I've been here before and this thing
didn't wake up so it's gonna wake up now
I don't I just read the things yeah not
gonna wake up now it's gonna wake up its
what's your favorite pop song which is
not a big music fan but you got to have
one define a pop song firework by Katy
Perry rock lobster well I did a pop song
they made a popular song Oh does it have
to be like a top 40 well you know that's
usually pop it's like okay it's a genre
don't fear the reaper is that a pop song
okay you're talking about like top 40 in
the last five years or so top 40 of of
any of any decade period don't see the
reefer I'm sure was in the top not top
40 in the terms of top 40s genre on a
station but as far as like the Billboard
top 40 you think yes I think I think
okay it probably hit the top 10 on
Billboard's charts at some point I was
talking about top 40 as a genre right
yeah it's like like I'm not sure what
counts in that I can't I don't know how
I don't know how to answer that question
neither richer I are we're not anti top
40 but neither of us is a big listener
to top 40 we listen to more to classic
rock I don't some other genres I don't
go out of my way to like listen like in
general though really yeah you're not a
huge music person the rich doesn't even
if I read kpop rich what's k-pop I know
it gets your favorite k-pop album what
rich you just tell us what the K stands
for
he doesn't know what the K in kpop
stands for therefore we can expect he
probably doesn't have assuming it's not
Katy Perry no no it's probably not Katy
Perry termina kites it's probably not
kazoo know who kazoo papa
kazoo pop is taken over in most of Korea
it's probably not like karate just baby
the answer huh well career yeah I know
my I know my cuz it's K Korean Korean
everybody I've said Korean earlier I
said I've never in my career which
sounds like career kind of good I have
never in my life heard Korean pop hit
career pop career polish Korean I've
never in my life said sorry son you
gotta work a late sometimes I wonder
style kpop yeah 16 tons a pop that's
that's kpop but the genre of kpop is
usually a large group of females it's
like of like teenage and young young
girls that's all singing a group
together that sounds dreadful it's
mostly dreadful but I'm also very
awesome it's intended to be like kind of
dance music yeah which isn't like the
kind of stuff that you usually just sit
there put on your headphones and maybe
you do that's the kind of that's exactly
the kind of stuff I sit there with
headphones and listen to bubble bubble
bubble pop bubble bubble bubble pop I've
been there that kind of sounds like the
Powerpuff Girls soundtrack which is
awesome by the way the apples in stereo
yeah low and bows out of the window
chewing bubblegum that soundtrack for
your birthday one year I know I still
have it it's a great album the
Powerpuff Girls soundtrack is totally
totally underrated it's actually good
never a sentence is underrated because I
think people always liked it but I but I
think people just dismiss it as though
it's a kid's album you know and it's
it's g-rated sure but I mean it's fun
pop songs by reasonably popular artists
do-do-do-do-do-do emo music I could see
rich listing the emo music but rich
doesn't listen to emo music yeah they
wallow in it too much they play like emo
style stuff at work it's horrible yeah
wait at work yeah it's like you listen
the one this was just one song to be
kicked when you're down feel like you've
been pushed around you don't know what
it's like welcome to my life it's
horrible the guy's got a whiny voice
welcome to my life
so you for the who the Beatles what hole
were the Beatles you know I don't care
for either I'm not a big Beatles fan and
who's like there are lots of some good
songs there are more Beatles songs that
I like but there are also more Beatles
songs than I dislike you despise I know
the Beatles are really stuff I'm not a
big fan of when you touch me I feel
happy when I was a kid yeah should you
feel like that my love I can't hide I
can't hide I can't hide oh it's like I
like early bit of stuff like like
they're kind of like more straight up
like rockabilly stuff I really like you
know like saw her standing there I'm a
believer no yeah that one's not know
whatever oh I want to hold your hand
kind of thing it just doesn't do it for
me yeah you know the time although it is
pretty good if you play it as an app
they play the LP I'm 45 it's you know
it's the 33 and you play another 45 no I
don't know how to say what that means if
you make them sound like chipmunks I
play by playing the vinyl too fast then
it's kind of fun what about baby you can
drive I guess there's some fun Norwegian
Wood it's relatively early and we can
work it out there's some fun Beto stuff
octopus's garden is okay but I think I
it's one of those songs and so was
yellow submarine was one of those songs
that probably would have driven me nuts
when it was pot when it was popular it
was on the radio every 40 seconds sure
those songs are like great every five
years
oh I haven't heard octopuses guard in
five years turn it up not mad for the
fifth time today
yeah beach boys had some good song yeah
are you running out of bullets check oh
yeah I tell them beach boys were
brilliant Pet Sounds is one of the most
amazing outward what are their names
right now they got names
two guys names Dean and Dave or
something once you did Palisades Park
and once it did in the one about the
little lady from Pasadena Jan and Dean
maybe the ones who did all the songs
that sound like the Beach Boys that
aren't the Beach Boys oh okay maybe
jandi no no Afghan Whigs not so much
that Little Miss Little Miss can't be
right right or something or was that
that's the guy who likes it yeah the guy
who looks like Alexi analysis lost Wayne
if he's anything like the first cleric
boss you can't stagger him until he
decides to heal his head he lives you'd
only stagger him once with heels he
doesn't got a heel thing Oh doesn't
restore health but a lego darkness your
old friend that fix damage like that he
does what he's just something that's
supposedly blows written fixes his limbs
that'll reset the ability to stagger him
oh it's been so long since I played
since I fought that Clarence thanks
everybody likes the kinks I only like
one door song how about CCR now fuck CCR
really yeah not even like midnight
special yeah and I don't care for them
at all wait these they're okay I'm good
oh yeah I'm sorry stuff door doors
what's the Pilates goodness what's the
texture yeah yeah what is that one it's
called touch me whatever that song is is
awesome all the time every every other
door song can go fuck itself really I
have no taste in music though I riders
on the storm the storm
yeah
or break on through no I don't much care
for then just the one and not light my
fire on Ebola strain yeah when you ship
and maybe it's just I've maybe it's just
their association with like the movies
that have that they've played in and you
know like just how people like a beaut
crystal ship is like one of my favorite
songs of all time
thank God headshot boys the Pet Shop
Boys or somebody did a really nice cover
that's what Jack is always right yeah no
I have a horrible tasting I'm sorry
just Jack just play the game and be
quiet for the musical discussion no you
don't even listening to lately is a
Courtney Barnett have you heard of this
lady she's an Australian I don't even
know what to call her music it's it's
like it's like straight up rock and roll
blues rock and roll riffs but her
singing is almost like train of thoughts
spoken word it's like she's telling a
story but she doesn't know what the next
word coming out of her mouth is gonna be
and so like her songs are just her like
kind of yelling and rambling over like
blues rock riffs it's really it's like
Jim Morrison's weird I'm really stoned
music with PJ Harvey doing the
background music sure nice that's a
that's an apt metaphor simile someone's
brain up The Velvet Underground Canada
oh god yes both of them because honestly
they're two bands rolled into one their
their stuff like heroin
and white light/white heat sounds
nothing like oh sweet nothing or new-age
yeah yeah I do like that Nico case she's
in the Velvet Underground right no
that's about it well I don't know if
that's the Nico that's in there I don't
think so
maybe I'm not entirely sure Oh Nico's
the German sounding lady in the Velvet
Underground yeah she has some that she
had some really great songs have you
ever listened to like the Royal
Tenenbaums soundtrack I haven't she yeah
she has some songs on there and it's
great some good songs Nico York oh yeah
I gotta like Bjork and pale blue eyes is
another pretty song everybody likes
Bjork yeah even people who say they
don't they're lying I don't have the
balls to fight this guy
they Oh blue eyes is a beautiful song
ocean is a pretty song you don't hear a
lot you don't need bullets to fight this
guy Jack no I like BOTS music is for
nerds and we are we're different nerds
and then first I bet your saw cutter
would do decently against him against
the about Roxy Music or that band that
had Thom Yorke from Radiohead I think
they were called Venus and first they
were doing covers of Roxy music songs
heard Roxy Music also Jack before you
throw on the tone let me take a stab at
oh yeah about x-ray Spex
yeah
what do you try a new mace thing - oh
that's right
I heard much my second I like first
doors are great Thom Yorke favorite Roxy
music album um the one that's got like a
pin-up girl on it I think its
self-titled
I know exactly how to play this game I'm
a little out of practice some weights in
small doses
you got the blood things I'd be careful
oh shit
yep Elton John not in the last 40 years
some of his early stuff isn't bad
I listen I know how to play blood-borne
I'm a little out of a little out of
practice I haven't played all vacation
and it's been kind of a lackadaisical
night so I'm not super into it oh yeah
okay hold on we got it we got some
steering stream tips
Anonymous would like to say pork pork
pork pork pork pork pork pork pork and
then Anonymous would like to remind us
to read our stream tips Lord bellman
says what about Florence and the Machine
I like I like that the one album I don't
think I've heard there's they they're
good I'll have to check we like him
rabbit heart Seven Devils what the water
gave nine can with this with the you
want or die so I don't waste a bunch of
you leave that big corvids corvatz
crows Ravens a group that they're all
public servants cor VI D Corbett's
corvid I need to say Ravens thumbs
because I don't know if the Ravens are
probably crows because I have a trouble
telling you different Ravens I figured I
would just call them what about the ban
crow I knew they were Corvettes I'm just
assuming that's a band am i right the
crow crow movie oh that's not a band
there's the black crows they had that
one really good song he went like baby
baby baby baby baby baby baby Bobby's
band names there's never been a band
called crow probably but they weren't
there's a Counting Crows they have that
yeah yeah I asked I meant they had that
song Omaha
it's kind of catchy their singer's voice
isn't the best and it's uncut long
november/december and it's getting kind
of cold in November nut nut their best
Wow listen that listen out look up Omaha
it's kind of a nice catchy somewhere in
middle America we just door opens and we
wait for her oh no the the black Curtis
are too hot and I think was their big
hit the black rose yeah they went baby
baby baby baby mama baby come on there's
something to bump by the Dozen but there
ain't nothing but drugstore lovin a
little babe let me light you can't
because the mama I'm sure Donna not mess
around yeah yeah there were baby baby
Hana mother baby
yeah I remember that one I never said
they were a good band they just had a
good song you know like Black Betty by
Ram Jam you know right one good got that
one song it's hard to handle as a cover
it hard to handle may well have been a
cover but if it was a cover I'm willing
to bet that they had a better version I
mean it was a good version of a song
whether they wrote it or not I don't
know that they did much else really
heard that much of theirs but they did a
good job on that one song how about
Leonard Cohen Leonard Cohen yeah not
necessarily my favorite song of his with
the lyrics are great everybody knows
that the dice are loaded everybody rolls
with their fingers crossed
everybody knows the war is over
everybody knows the good guys lost
everybody knows the fight is fixed the
rich thing the poor stay poor the rich
the rich that's how it goes
and everybody it's his voice and he's
got his earlier songs no but now his
voice is like oh it's way down there son
I saw him in concert like a year two ago
things are getting weird tonight give
one more shot and then I'm gonna die
yeah it's there like any sub ik its
registers rich stay rich always stay
rich with capitals yeah that's Black
Betty Oh Black Betty Rambo damn well
John
rambling their thing gone wild and she's
always ready favorite brands like a
brand a man's command Rambam bad that
cotton eye Joe random and that's our
girl right but it still goes oh John
Prine is one John Prine yeah browner
damn damn
okay I did like angel from Montgomery
and he did that duet with Iris DeMent in
spite of ourselves it's a cute song
about like a little old couple or
something it's like i got nothing i got
nothing and i need to make a country
album
agreed nah you know I'd like as I've
said this long I don't really listen to
much music I don't actively seek out
music some of it finds me I like girly
pop I like They Might Be Giants oh god
yes I think they might be lies they
might be big big fake fake class
They Might Be Giants boy they might be
dr. Spock's backup bang yeah Istanbul
was Constantinople now the only friend
I'm not your only four I've been I got
into a thing with rich earlier
like the best they might be giants album
so like I'm and I got into a binge where
I just listened to just about every
single they might be giants album and
I've come to the conclusion that every
album is the best they might be giants
out for very different reasons
well they're more recent stuff is
definitely different more rock and less
nerdy noodling but I mean it's it's all
the same nerdy noodling just with a live
band pre-recorded and it's like factory
their best that might be factory
showroom as far as just like how awesome
the songs are se XXY XTC verses at a man
New York City like amazing song like
flood just a silly fun you know mr.
horrible and particle man the particle
Kingdom those are great but like factory
showroom has exquisite Dead Guy which
just is the weirdest song in history
pencil rain pencil rain yeah the pencil
rain it's like a cuffs are like a
military March and they're all marching
pencils are raining down that must be is
that like John Henry what else it might
be it's pretty early or no it's not an
Apollo it I think it sounds about I feel
Inc at Lincoln's I feel Inc at Lincoln's
good to like Lincoln Lincoln has like
Anna Inge and snail shell yeah late teen
has mammals first of all everyone needs
Apollo 18 just for like the finger tips
melody yeah at the end mammals are names
are called they raise a paw every day
might be John's album is brilliant in
the spaceship right right Anna Inge is a
great song listen to hip-hop jazz or
electro string not very much and I don't
even know what electro swing actually
like swing music like the movie swing
kids I mean a little Benny Goodman and
Glenn Miller's over here somebody
fucking problem one look at her fired
fire defense is cramped oh well listen
uh this is that's just the item a voice
is let's just you know we're guided by
voices the best ten seconds thirty
second pop song sir
with the most horrible product
production imaginable like be thousand
and it was the other one vampire vampire
was in the title somewhere
yellow electro-swing is neck beard core
that doesn't make any sense the thing
you're saying hipster music that is not
true dog boy 13 dog boy 13 says I used
to love they might be giants but they're
jerks killed it for me that is not true
they're super nice I don't know much
about their personal lives one way or
another birdhouse yeah it was build a
little birdhouse in your soul not to
make I took the to find a point on it
say Emily beam your bonnet make a little
birdhouse in your soul while you're at
it inside the birdhouse in your soul and
they'd bit about after kid though I
respect that Ola I'd be fired if that
were my job after killing Jason off and
countless screaming Argonauts Bluebird
of friendliness like guardian angels
it's always there or there one of them
it was great no I don't don't worry
about me being flat well I I can't sing
at all just everything might be giant
but but this is they can't sing either
that well right it's like you know and
we're even discounting like their first
album like their self-titled album yeah
which is quite possibly one of the
strangest out that albums should not
exist
it's strange by They Might Be Giants tan
exactly it's great I've only two songs
in me there I've only three songs or oh
yeah that's it I've only two songs in me
and I've just song the third don't know
where I got the inspiration or how I
broke bird spent my whole life just
digging up my musics shallow grave for
the two songs in me and the third one I
just made from pom pom pom pom it's
amazing and they had that nice cover of
what about the Sun the Sun give me their
cover that the Sun isn't bad that's
their something that's not a cover it's
a cover I think there was originally
like releasing like the 50s or something
about the same kind of people who do the
song about the periodic table
through all the elements except nothing
no no no that was it was their song it's
their song because then later they
recanted it they updated it the Sun is a
miasma of incandescent plasma absolutely
their song well I know that that is Stan
bells cover is this I'm pretty sure
almost positive you might be mistaken
and you know I have a complaint about
that song
where does Byzantium get any they don't
mention Byzantium in Istanbul Istanbul
is Constantinople before it's
Constantinople it was Byzantium I was
shut down
oh yeah we are know I'm still on passant
iam Byzantium yeah was that that the
capital of the Byzantine Empire Oh
Santiam and then and it was taken over
and you know pants count by Constantine
and his folks yeah and it was
Constantinople and then it was taken
over by the Turks
oh we had him an empire I think and then
it was Istanbul this is crazy this is
crazy crazy things are happening do you
know spumoni says I saw a one-eyed
one-horned flying purple people eater
how about it wasn't itsy-bitsy
teeny-weeny yellow polka-dot bikini the
way dick neutral has shared the original
white as the sunshine do we have any
it's so weird it's I can't even like
divorce they might be giants from it it
almost sounds like they're doing a bit
look up and see if there's a if you can
get the original version of Istanbul was
Constantinople
if this is if this is the original
version of that putting on the Ritz
though the four lads this might be a
real thing my worldview is shaken they
do a lot of climbers I'm sure you know
that the in the space of the server
spaceship is like the light so of course
that's obvious I've my mind
how about Richard Richard layer you ever
heard masochism rock or masochism tango
I don't know if I have it's funny so
that not only are twinkle twinkle little
star and baa baa black sheep the same
tune also the alphabet song mm-hmm
I've always wondered how that works in
other languages yeah cuz like not all
you know I mean like German like I'll be
sued afk hiya Kyle I'm gonna pay cou RS
Te'o 5 a except salon set it like the
whole melody falls apart I blog they
might just not have a melody so that's
people on the chatter shocked about the
Istanbul thought I am shocked about this
temple thing so be with me Chad yeah
that's it be shocked with me
he does have tons of great stuff Tom
Lehrer is hysterical
why wouldn't they might be giants right
Istanbul that's right up their
wheelhouse there they're weird people
they wrote a song about James K Polke
that explains why they like it yeah
exactly it's their kind of things
they're kind of thing so of course I
would think they won't wrote it I would
not look into that any further somebody
says you take requests teenage
what I'm shocked by you
well that happens okay we let we left
off on Mud Run Nintendo era nitro and
burn oh that sounds awesome
ah gutter stars Lucky Strikes
subscribe for 14 months in a row
midnight andis waffle tale humberto
Cabbage Patch for 12 months a horrible
glory 14 months in a row Lucas Ducas
fruity toes maybe it's time to get out
of the bathtub for 19 months in a row
split asunder serve your nerves oh oh I
like that Feliz oh dude the dude 1944 12
months in a row Stu Nanda one space camo
16 months in a row spooky Dookie 12
months in a row Master Kenobi
double-oh-seven
was totally a very soon 19 months in a
row hidden
psycho Lord Belmont and me crackin
thank you or subscribing me Glackin we
really appreciate it I love it it's true
we really do thank you guys for coming
out thank you to all the new subscribers
thank you to all the old subscribers and
thank you for everyone else who just
came out and have a merry and have a
merry
