Sep 25, 2016
EVERSPACE
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/95513207
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/95516012
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uaNdS6b9sHk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MFAXLD80HBU
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/780103291346628608

[Part I]
Transcript missing

[Part II]
all right bill hecka says I left this
long note that not only wasn't my twenty
seventh month receving but tomorrow was
my 38th anniversary on this earth and
that your content is a great birthday
gift
so I'm tipping in case it was lost thank
you Beth
thank you Bill a heck of billa hecka
27 fucking months in a row there's a
fucking year and we really appreciate it
and we hope 38 years in a row I need to
make him for that nobody's mother spend
a couple of minutes father cryogenic
stasis there's that right to those count
base now Mario says makes the stream I
need something to relax with after
watching the Steelers get destroyed
thirty four to three
ouch I'm sorry I'm very sorry I'm not
do you care to respond about what did
you say no that's fine we'll just give
it this is a question you don't have to
really you don't have to read aloud I'm
just saying you want to address this you
probably don't if you just say no I'll
move on and that's not and I'm supposed
to do those three things in that order
choose she was who for what oh okay yeah
you know you know I'll have to get back
to you out of it okay
I'm gonna skip back thank you Tim hands
a frosh says hi again do you guys have
any fond memories of the era of full
motion video games also hi chat pls wave
rich know the the the full motion video
game era thank God it's fucking dead
then again Firewatch Naughty Dog
you know they've they've really revived
the full motion video genre well you're
not really playing a game you talk about
like hot scenes that are movies yeah
you know there's not a whole lot to it
tell tell tell games keep that torch
alive but I kind of love it I'm gonna be
honest with you you know why cuz look
this is what you can do hey you just fly
around a giant space at a giant broken
spaceship Nana says would you be my
YouTube hero
oh yeah sure why not no that's a good
thing
it's a thing okay then definitely not no
it's YouTube YouTube started a new thing
called YouTube heroes which was a way to
gamify and incentivize people basically
snitching
oh yeah well basically they want more
people to report bad behavior okay and
so they found they're trying this thing
called YouTube heroes where you can get
like internet points YouTube points for
flagging inappropriate comments and
flagging inappropriate videos yeah so
when we when we put up the video stop oh
you stop oh nice Karen the points you
get YouTube points for that one you get
prereq points you can spend them at any
prerequisite that old as I understand it
what they're trying to do is clamping
down and stuff is they're not doing it
because the sensibilities I mean these
things already have warnings on them
that they're not for younger or more
sensitive viewers so the problem isn't
that that they're worried that the users
are gonna be offended the problem is
that they're worried that the
advertisers are gonna be offended that
you might see something and this might
turn you off of McDonald's or something
or whoever is trying to sell things to
you right but that's important because I
mean they need to do that like that's
how they make money like they're ever
sure but if they water everything down
to the point where nobody has any
interest in watching it then there won't
be anybody to watch the commercials
themselves so it's it's a double-edged
sword but it's not because they'll then
they just don't still be cat videos and
they'll still be millions of people
watching cat videos yes like that and
then they can just drop the service and
then they don't have to pay for the
service and then they're not losing
money like it's not it's not a
double-edged sword like they they need
creators about I'm trying to think of a
proper analogy they don't need us they
have music videos that will get hundreds
of millions of views they have cat
videos they had they have stuff they do
not need us but they're not gonna people
like you aren't gonna watch the cat
videos too much i watch them oh no but
that doesn't matter like I'm a minority
yeah but your dollars left on the table
that scenario sure but I mean there are
they don't care about my dog they're
making other dollars so in any case like
I I don't know too much about this whole
YouTube heroes situation estoppel they
used do you Snapple but what I have seen
is it's very it seems like it's very
easy right now to game the system to
just flag a video that you don't like
like the upcoming YouTube stream we did
a vampire exactly that's great someone
says no that cross the line I'm gonna
flag that they don't even give it a
chance
that's offensive just complain about
anything and everything until you get
yourself a free month of you to read or
what exactly exactly so there it seems
like a very simple system to exploit at
the moment and I think that's what most
video creators are upset about right now
which is you know understandable and if
they're having this stuff these this
stuff weeded through by human moderators
that could get really expensive and
time-consuming
well that's late well from from
YouTube's perspective day that's what
they're trying to get free moderation
from users to get the YouTube points but
yeah then there's no YouTube oversight
yeah which is smart for YouTube but bad
for creators
yeah where did we meet we met at the you
stop oh yeah at the you stop for youth
yeah why the Google youth the google
youth jack says anonymous yes how much
money would it take as a donation for
you to hate play and shit all over thief
oh you know I got thief he might hate it
he might legitimately hate it that's
that's fine I might legitimately hate it
but I I am going to give it a chance if
I do hate it I mean no matter what I
think I'll stream a little bit of it so
if I hate it then that's what we'll talk
about so we've got like
faster-than-light travel here but we
don't have a voice that doesn't sound
like a robot whoa what I think what that
was is oh yeah see when I go to my menu
it slows down time who's shooting at me
I do not consider myself a contrarian
for the sake of being a contrarian I
just happen to have unpopular opinions
and that's fine that is fine opinions
are opinions they're like assholes you
don't hate everything raps don't whisper
sadiq about something yeah nobody
notices that nobody ever notices that
thief nobody ever notices that because
you know why they don't care for thief
so it just doesn't register like Leonard
Cohen I like Leonard Cohen nobody gives
a shit but let me call him I don't know
doesn't register that I like that my
people have heard true if you haven't
heard a letter to Cohen go listen to him
any particular recommendations start
with his greatest hits it doesn't sound
like the stuff that he's that like some
of the stuff that he's doing now some of
the live stuff in the last couple of
tours is pretty good but start with his
greatest hits
Jack will probably hate it but he'll
hate it after playing it instead of
before and everybody's heard hallelujah
but they've heard it by a million
different people I'd like to give an
example yeah a game I will probably
never play is Mass Effect yeah rich you
love that oh the first one it's hard to
enjoy now of course of course but like
Mass Effect one mass spec - I know you
have very fond feelings for yeah I have
never liked a Bioware game mm-hmm I've
played a couple of them I don't like
them I don't like I don't like their
games yeah I've never played Mass Effect
I like space in general
I like I like some of the ideas of mass
effect I will go into mass effect
thinking I will hate it because that's
how life works do you think informed
judgments based on your past and we put
it in the box of something that we think
Jack would be predisposed to like and we
put Matt's back to there we shove a date
and we distract him while the credits
come out but that we make a play do you
think it would hurt or help your chances
of liking it if you were badgered
constantly about playing it and
essentially forced him that would
probably make me more what do you
aggressive toward oh really what if we
guys some of those things like it a
Clockwork Orange I would hold your
eyeballs open exactly yes that would
that would that would hurt my feelings
towards it but that's how humans work we
make judgments on stuff based off of
past experiences we can't help that rich
and I are not journalists we don't care
about being objective yeah artistic
merit and and you think the title of
Charles signal dead stream Jesus Christ
shut up already would have keyed you in
under the fact that it was kind of a
lark yeah yeah hey oh god you're not you
know that's interesting point you guys
are not journalists but I would love to
hear you do like a fake like like a
dissertation a fake doctoral thesis
about one of these games without a usual
you know just all paradigm shift
something something something oh yeah
yeah yoga unit six or three idiot says
yeah you know Rick is you could play
loom the latest piece of fantasy
storytelling from Lucas Films Brian
Moriarty it's an extraordinary adventure
with an interface of magic have some
lyrical language somewhat sound that guy
I know there's a
there's a character limit so you know
maybe they had to get that in the
character limit
I love my space Gatling gun I'm a big
fan of my space Catalan good I like the
little rough up all right here we go
here we go
Joe okay loom is from ancient times what
a lot of people are saying they're
having issues hearing you hearing me
your mic officer prob with your mic I
don't think so but I sometimes I just
talk quieter I guess okay shit I will I
will try to yeah
shit
all right uh doobie sandwich says doobie
sandwich
speaking of enjoying things and being
video game players yeah how do you know
if you enjoy playing a game or playing a
game as a joyless reflex regardless of
the game's quality that question makes
very little sense to me at the moment
rich can you explain that question I'm
trying to I'm trying to decipher it okay
great is that like when you're bored
with Tetris
but you just can't pull yourself away
from it okay I can see that well don't
you enjoy and you wouldn't be doing it
if you didn't enjoy it clearly there's
some neurotransmitters swimming around
but you know it kind of gets to the
point where it's like why am I even
doing this again you know sometimes I
get like that with a game where you know
you playing it because of momentum yeah
that's a good word for anonymous says to
be fair
Wing Commander had FMV and was more fun
than this game also try phantasmagoria
sometime you know I've played all the
Wing Commander games but I don't know
that they necessarily they were like
cutscenes more than like the whole game
was FMV and they kind of tried to
pretend it was a game like night trap oh
god nature it has McGorry what's
Fantasma fantastic game they are
mentioning that I am not all that
familiar with it's been Ghoulies cousin
haha phantasmagoria open desmond gorya
the name makes it sound like it would be
a pretty game phantasmagoria yeah just
the name madam says just wanted you guys
to know you made the cut of a monthly
fail compilation - which moments on
YouTube with your call to Jesus CPU
build yes hit the big time fellas ha cha
cha cha cha cha cha fuck my cock I saw
then I saw I saw that too and I thought
that was very because that was a perfect
moment that uh that Jesus helped us and
then I almost knock over the brand-new
PC as I'm building it tote monitor cord
cord I was no I was just like kind of
leaning into the table and it was a
little top-heavy and it almost it almost
buckled not good not good
but leftover beefcake says hey where's
my payout of pizza rolls this month from
moderating your chat you idiots
thank you thank you they get all of our
mods you do great work now they're just
gonna berate us because that's just this
guy Yunus is one just mail you the subs
as of two minutes ago to do jack skids
no spends Wednesday and Sunday nights
playing video games on the internet they
do and house richest purple PC case how
is he probably rich showed maybe update
on his purple PC case really richest
purple CCK I'm doing for Caroline pretty
colors yes
I think I need another coat on the top
to try and fix there's a little bit
where it's not perfect it's it's purple
with lime green details and then we're
gonna we're gonna cut out some vinyl
shapes and just done so yeah and do some
flowers and things on it and in blue and
pink and blue and pink to go with the
purple the green what kind of goes with
my little desktop color scheme oh it
looks the color scheme looks great by
the way the like the purple and green
I'm like it's the rust-oleum grape and
the great gloss grape gloss and is it
lime or um oh there's lime citron some
there's some got a fancy name maybe
Apple something Apple something I don't
remember it's like the inside of the
lime it's like a yellowish green that's
great what a combination though yeah
it's very windy it's a red Joker is very
yellowish green and a very reddish sort
of purple warm purple but yeah the case
is looking good and my children do know
that I play video games as part of my
job and they're very jealous and so you
know it's actually kind of rough
sometimes because they'll come into my
office and I'll be playing something and
recording gameplay footage and they'll
just want to watch but maybe it's like a
mature game or maybe it's like I just
need to concentrate and like really play
the game so it's like you you can't
watch me play because I'm working but
I'm playing a video game so like it's
but you can't play a video game right
now because it's not TV time
you know like daddy has to play a video
game but you can't play a video game
that's the hardest part
like explaining than that oh I'm doing
this for work I'm not enjoying it I
enjoy so I get to play video game but
you can't right now go to school eat
your Wheaties if some day this could be
you exactly you're probably not gonna be
paid for playing video games and you
grow up we're gonna have a shitty
factory job the one who made that
automated truck is gonna be doing what
would have been your job
one who made his own little lego movie
theater with the popcorn machines at the
little pieces of paper with the
different movies I mean you know he's
going somewhere these guys got some
talent no but like they have their own
gonna win just little it was a little
they have their own pretend let's play
channel when they play minecraft they
talk as if there are let's play Channel
do you record this you need to record
this for your family video memory
collection not for the internet but for
you guys it feels that recording it yeah
but like they'll get into it you tell
them we're recording you let's play
video oh yeah go get into it no yeah no
I'm so like Ville start and they'll be
like hello it's me blah blah you know
and then they have their fake name
alright so today this is what we're
gonna do and they'll and they both like
Chad what they have a pretend let's play
channel because that's their form of
entertainment they watch let's play get
along really good too but yeah they're
cute they're good kids but like you know
when we were younger we made pretend
movies or pretend comedy skits and
pretend whatever is they have a pretend
let's play channel which is very strange
for me but I get it that that's their
entertainment I shot pretend aliens with
guns right pretend real guns but I shot
the pretend aliens to a lot of holes in
the wall those were hallucinations deer
yeah that's how my brothers I got into
grandma's so you know there no it's
great and they have asked if we can look
I've talked about this before they've
asked if I can like record them in like
do I want to do that's my video I will
but like I won't tell any of you people
what they and it's like you know them
going onto the internet by themselves
and like dealing with yeah the comments
like do you know downloaded you don't
want to have to video they don't have to
upload it but it's like that's gonna be
part of it or it's like disabling
comments or like teaching them how to
deal with you folks there would be a
whole I think these days every kid gets
a two or three year education in that
and they call it junior high school yeah
right
right I mean when I was when I was a kid
I only had to be worried about being
teased about the kid in the next block
these people now they can get abuse for
people to countries over yeah
hence frosh this Ridge mass effect did
you play as male shep or fem shep
customer default did you romance anyone
who did the story do anything for you
just knows in the action an RPG
melancholic annainsea bits me ma CHF
Ania back en I see why mekin is a
mechana see mechana see mechana see bits
organical maybe they missed hug
mechanical or mechanized mechanistic
mission default because every single
custom Mass Effect character looks like
crap because her character creation was
crap Ashley and yeah the story was great
I like the talky bits more in the
shootings the shooting and the first one
sucked
Trash Can man says hold on for a second
I I have seen the ghost in the shell'
teaser stuff I'm still Ike mechanic e
bits oh that makes sense
it looks fine I I think you asked me
because I'm the only one who has seen
the ghost in shell movie and I movie it
looks fine
Scarlett Johansson's good they're gonna
they're gonna make a good movie I think
like they have the right name and the
right talent behind it so but yeah I
like it I'm okay with anime dreamer TK
I'm the one that's ok with anime hm
no no it's fine that's fine trash can
man says why would you like like what
you like and forget the haters nothing
but all this about you have to try it
nonsense your pings are great also I'd
love a rich FTL slash XCOM tactics
commentary I have done that and I would
have to yell I'm sure I've done in
Mexico I've done that with ex-con where
I talked about why
I was doing what I was doing it's it's
been sprinkled in here and there yeah in
our ex-con videos I think you're right
I've backed C to the fuck out of you
just want just watch the rich backseats
jack video and just learn all the
tactics I know I know I got in detail
about the proper way to breach the door
yeah and the original XCOM yeah how you
should position your troops I know I
have done this oh yeah
Alan agreed again trash can Vince is
rich play what you like like what you
like and forget the haters enough with
all this about you have to try it
nonsense your opinions are great oh
that's what I the one thing I will
mention and I like I do know that in
general rich you don't like playing new
games the stream yeah
it's a terrible way to experience again
for the first time most of the time I
think you're you are correct but in the
defense that I will give to you playing
new games as I think I'm stream for the
first time I'm specifically well sure
well you know is I think I think
something that's very important for us
as commentators hmm is just general
consumption you know the more input we
have them the more we know yes and this
is an opportunity where we are forced to
sit down and play something you know so
like it to me it just makes a lot of
sense like I might as well be something
new and hopefully I can just deal with
the fact that it's on stream and you
know learn how to play and enjoy comfort
and compartmentalize the chat oh yeah I
think I figured out a little bit of this
battle system there's like strafing
oh wait I want my Gatling gun like a
gallon gun better
yeah rich in my hallucinating or your
planket stuff showed up on something
awful first I remember Mike or somebody
answering questions and people hating on
the rapey tones and him toning it down
in review - you've got to be
misremembering something I know I'm not
that familiar with something awful I
know there was never anything official
that we did with something awful I'm
sure somebody probably posted a review
on something awful that probably
happened sure I would have to ask Mike
to be sure but I am 99.9% sure Mike did
not go to any kind of forum and answer
questions and he would certainly never
toned something down because of the
feedback also misremembering like
whatever he was yeah he would double
down wasn't it the second one where he
introduced his like the second wife that
he murdered like Spinney galaxy I know
like Mike and Jay did a were part of the
reddit AMA for doc of the Dead that's
probably the closest to any kind of chat
rudder action they had done is that what
you're thinking of perhaps yeah no Mike
does not give a flying fuck about that
stuff about toning it down
tawny down or go on the chat - sure sure
no no he does not know no sorry I burp
right into that microphone something
awful it's like a paid form isn't it I
could be wrong I'm gonna I'm gonna be
100% honest with you I have no idea what
something awful is I just don't know
if it's a website is it a is it a forum
who there's a ship know what that ship I
just know unit six to three idiot says
seriously we love it when you play
adventure games Jake said that he wanted
to play Zack McCracken but rich if you
never played Monkey Island that would be
fun lol fornicate my willy no did you
I'm shocked you're familiar with it if
we do it after I came out like fifteen
years ago
yeah I mean I think you had a copy like
like back back in your grandmother's
house escape from Monkey Island or
something are you sure it wasn't like an
advertisement on like the package for
Grim Fandango or something it's good
friend a matter with like came as like a
demo with something else
I mean don't quote me on that I know
I've never played it well you would know
better than I do it what you playing
what you haven't bye woody huh
it's got a better memory
what anonymous says is it Karen or Karen
also Karen or Karen Karen its Karen have
you ever wondered what it would like to
be a nonhuman animal what non-human
animal could you see yourself as our
species but they're still human she
fucking outsmarted your ass novices rich
I know I know you already said no but
hear me out
no stop don't say no already just give
us a price a single tip that will get
you guys to stream the next Final
Fantasy game coming out oh god how much
would it take for us both to retire well
you know you invest wisely I neither
have to spend for a home immediately
just followed by a house I don't get a
car house not a car immediately and then
retire off the interest for each of us
and our families I know at least at
least Sarah hardly assuming minimal
inflation minimal inflation right like
what is like that was 8 million for
peace oh you know sure I'd be
comfortable with that
you know do eight million eight million
8 million in will stream the next final
family Wall Street you know freight bill
that's true the whole thing the whole
deal the whole game Wow
all right well there you go eight
million I'll interpretive dance the
whole game and and Karen will be here
for uh not not for the full game but
sporadically interpret systematically
interpret interpretive dancing behind
you yep that's what you get for eight
million dollars I'm a pretty good deal
for twenty million I will interpretive
dance the whole thing for a hundred
million I'll do in a bathing suit but
exactly 100 million for a hundred
million I'll do it in a baby anonymous
says your first impressions for playing
a game on stream is only relevant to
people who also play for the first time
on a stream it's not representative how
most of his play rich is right I think
Jack's point those that gives us
experience with different types of
things that we might not normally play
but it's if you are going to end up
enjoying those things I don't know if
it's the right form for really
experiencing something new um like no
one I understand your point words you
know this is this playing a game on
stream if you Eve and it's it's so hard
to even just describe to you how
difficult it is like in a room having a
conversation splitting your attention
it's it's a very different experience
than playing a game by yourself and
being fully immersed into it that being
said I like like I said consumption is
is a factor for us I think it's
important that rich and I just know as
much as we can about about everything
there's a terrible point that's not a
terrible point I want to clarify here
for those who are wondering we're
talking about American currency in 2016
dollars yeah not Zimbabwean dollars that
hey if you want to give us like eight
million in nineteen ten dollars oh yeah
element seven three once is rich when
you read donations slash play a non
planket character you turn into fast
talk in 1940's man since you're such a
swell fella get hitched to his best gal
here's some scratch free the big day
you tenor is the best dunk a nineteen
forties man since you're such a swell
fella get hitched is best gal here's
some stretch for the big day so you can
cut the rug and put out the dog get the
rug and buy the dog it's the bee's knees
hey that Earl jump put on the Ritz
doobie sandwich says my apologies for
the prior confusion let me clarify so I
grew older playing games have
progressively made me feel either rage
or apathy yet I still keep playing him
what does this mean it means you're you
have a habit you playing games as your
habit and you're not enjoying it anymore
but you're still doing it what did it
make you feel before whether it made you
feel before and is the problem just the
connect games coming out or do your
liking I've had that problem that
problem a lot do you feel that way when
you replay older stuff that you liked
perhaps you could jump to a different
genre or try some independent games
mm-hmm there's so many games out there
steam has over 10,000 games right this
very moment
maybe maybe modern games aren't as fun
in general or at least the ones you're
playing maybe it's like the radio
where's only a small slice of the
totality of the output of any given era
sure explain this well I mean you know
radio and any kind of mass media is
going to top 40 yeah well they're going
to go with whatever is going to appeal
to the largest chunk of the population
mm-hmm which may or may not be which not
necessarily bad but if you don't feel
satisfied by that maybe you should look
you know in the video game equivalent of
the college radio station or know
radio mm-hmm something that pushes your
particular buttons tried lots of games
new and old uh yeah I mean just look for
a new hobby I guess there's other things
you could do with your free time I would
guess and I'm not a psychologist you're
you're if you're playing games and
you're not enjoying playing games you're
probably just doing it out of habit it's
what you doing that's what you've been
probably doing for the last 20 years
yeah I don't woodworking and I don't
mean that as a joke I mean you did that
for a bit you enjoyed it yes my friend's
father offered to show me some
woodworking things it's pretty cool he
built a clock I did a clock I turned
some things on a lathe I'd made a nice
Bowl with like a checkerboard pattern I
made a nice wouldn't coffee mug thing
for my dad with a aluminum sleeve down
it so you could put coffee in it any
number of things
got to use saws and lathes and try
something new take a class at a local
Community College get into woodworking
or our guitars are art art and if
nothing is fun anymore you know maybe
you're depressed or something you know
that could be a to talk to a
professional that's the case yeah that's
very insightful for try pyrite it's
alright just like they said
I can have that song stuck in my head
all day all day did you watch the
Western or yeah what got that stuck in
your head what something like 15 times I
love the Western or musical it's perfect
oh it's so cute you're like this
Harvard geologist I like hard things but
mama just didn't understand pushed me
into a life of I forget exactly I should
describe it no glad you want it oh nope
we're not getting medical advice to
anybody we're just saying that that if
you have any thoughts that you might
need a medical professional to go see a
real one and not us and that uh
specifically we're telling you not to
see yes naanum says I rich it might also
be fun to see you play a good LucasArts
game called Indiana Jones and the fate
of Atlantis voice Indiana Jones is
George Lucas also Jack now police talk
like Sean Connery because we're talking
about Indiana Jones indeed I told you to
stay away that's all I've got for Sean
Connery I was in the Highlander I was
very drunk but um it belongs in a museum
dates
what bad dates bad date from writers
voice the monkey oh wait that was that
was an indie that was uh what's-his-face
big fanfare big fat friend that was big
fat friend yes you've stopped Indy for
meeting the date I got that totally
wrong it was the monkey the monkey ate
today
oh okay one more run one more run and
then I'm kind of done do you want to
hang on any urge to play good I'm good
this game why does it always have to be
snakes nice how do we get different
ships I have to like beat the action so
ah yes so up Thank You Jess solid black
like the stealth bomber Receptus no just
because it's not available yeah it's
pretty BA and so it's not the years it's
the mileage oh ho ho no ticket no ha ha
ha
um turtle Eliza
hey Jack I'm Jack I read your rambling
tweets about the Winter Soldier vs black
cat I think you may actually have a
point
however Ironman dismisses it quickly
also
Captain America too is really an
excellent film the Winter Soldier is a
very terrific film I agree with that and
you know what I even Civil War III like
upon second viewing a lot no I have it
was it was just some dumb thing some
someone on the previously recorded
Twitter was rewatching one of our
streams where I got into the whole book
he's at a vibranium arm thing I only get
home later
I think Karen's getting tired yeah
Karen's gonna get going pretty soon and
so they brought up this whole like what
are you talking about with the ring
thing because you know I think that two
challahs ring reacts to Bucky's arm and
that's what made me think the arm was
vibranium but then how did Iron Man melt
it right because he's silly can't melt
vibranium and so I just so happened to
have the movie ready to play so I fast
forwarded you know I have the blu-ray so
I fast forwarded to that fight scene
tonight I recorded with my phone that
little like 10 seconds literally the
fight scene is 10 seconds the actual
shot is like 2 seconds so I recorded
that I was like and I post that but then
I started thinking about it's like you
look at it and the shot is focused on
the ring and it's like going like this
and there's a sound so black black
panther's ring yes specifically just as
ring I you know II should see all right
this whole costume should have vibranium
yes but it's just as ring no his whole
costume that he's not in costume at the
point at the time okay
his whole costume does have vibrator so
his magic powers magic jewelry no no his
his jewelry reaiiy think reacts to
vibranium here okay
okay so here's the fight right see ya
know I didn't I honestly did not just
looks like his hand shaking it is a
smaller screen ya know what
it doesn't look like his because he oh
he has I have to watch it on a bigger
scale and and I guess it's a the
important thing to note is like earlier
in the movie T'Challa
gets the ring and it's a big like I have
the ring now moment yeah so like the
ring is set up as something important
and then there's this thing I know no
and it's by the way I'm a crazy person I
accept that I'm a crazy person and I am
this this kind of that's fine
this kind of talk can be fun yeah yeah
it can be fun to nerd out about size
right not I'm not faulting you know no
and like I understand that it's nothing
can melt vibranium beams says the chat
you've gone full on vibranium truther -
does it come entire Fred right
that was more radical know we have gone
full-on vibranium truther I accept my
own craziness I am I am crazy it's me
who is crazy and a rogue VHS tape said
that nothing can melt my burning beans
I say yes sometimes I read things but
it's important that people get credit
for their jokes
you can melt vibranium beams baby no I'm
not sure if there's okay
karynda's so doesn't care has no idea
what vibranium is because it's not a
thing it's not a thing no I should have
I should have got what you meant about
beams I thought you meant beams in the
sense like a laser laser beam but we're
talking about beams melting things late
9/11 but then then the 9/11 steel beam
reference comes up negative wires get
crossed No thank you for stopping by
better better now before you're more
tired this is true you need to leave
your car you know right now are you sure
it's shorter I don't worry about you on
the whole way home I'll text you when I
get home there - I'll text you I'll text
you nothing but yes text me if you're
getting into a car accident goodbye
well you know you farewell does have
time to get like the good I love it you
know life safe yeah the voxi missus love
for Leonard Cohen I had no idea rich was
secretly classy super he's classy shit
dick I met Leonard before his concert
and he kissed my hand and he smelled
like exotic spices also his voice really
just sounds like that
65 years of cigarettes I doubt he has
much of a singing voice at this point
Madison mid-eighties his aging voice and
his bitter sweet lyrics you work
together well yeah it's like
Johnny Cash singing her is a lot better
than yeah Scott was like somebody
trending hurt somebody who just lived
and not a whiny Punk the only thing
that's real I'm a whiny kid I don't mind
but when when Johnny Cash sings that
shit is it
he's an 80 year old man that seen some
shit when he says that's got some
fucking weight trying to add some decent
songs you know because they were catchy
God money I'll do anything for you you
know his version ever hurt is still good
Johnny Cash's is just better yes he owns
it now Johnny Cash it's not it's not as
if Trent Reznor's version is bad I'm not
saying I hate their version I'm just
saying when Johnny Cash does that it's
got what means something it doesn't
sound like whining it when Trent Reznor
son does sings that fuckin song it's
whining it only sounds like whining and
- fucking fucking 20 year old rich rock
star singing that she definitely sounded
a little bit deeper when I was 16 I'll
give you that right and now that we're
older and now that Johnny Cash has done
it sure but know back in the day Trent
Reznor doing it was the shit that was
the stuff that that got the razor blades
out for the sharpening you know he must
have had a rough life to come up with
those lyrics though well you can you can
fictionally write anything you want not
that he didn't net video saying he
didn't have a rough life but he sounds
like a whiny kid when he sings that song
well his voice is not it doesn't really
have a terrific vocal range either I put
it politely I'm perfectly fine with with
the Nine Inch Nails version of hurt I'm
not saying it's a bad version I'm not
saying that it all sounds like you're
saying that all I'm saying is that when
Johnny Cash sings that it sounds like
it's got more weight to it more meaning
sure he sounds like you know he's seen
some shit and he's a man who has
actually been hurt by some things
yeah it's hates everything we already
know this while I'm talking about how
much I like the Johnny Cash version of
the song but you can't say well how much
you'd like something you want to get
rich to just wax forever about how much
you like something George Carlin
just give him started talking about
George Carlin as well so it's up to me
somebody gave it this really nice really
generous oh it was sent to me as a gift
that is very nice thank you by the way I
enjoyed it
the bottom of our gullets at heart some
ventricles and which is the great satan
your George Bush wasn't it wasn't that
like who liked the Saddam was saying was
the great st. George Bush Senior well
and that's snare in that scenario if I'm
the Great Satan then I would be the
Saddam get it together Kerry I thought
that was like something that that like
Saddam was calling Oh WH W in like this
versus ninety that could be cured we're
still doing not opening the mail month
but I saw that one was addressed
specifically to me and I said I fucking
I'm opening it it's addressed to me yeah
not unlike me opening up somebody else's
mail yesterday so we heard a knock on
the door and I look and there's a
package and I thought am I expecting a
package well I've got one that's
supposed to be coming sometime so I open
this up and there's like a tutu in there
and a tiara and I'm like rich
conversation happening my clothes cuz I
can deal with this I just want to know
yeah you know I'm kidding but anyway um
so yeah so then I turned the package
around and I'm like oh this isn't for me
this is
for for the one that ends and two digits
higher than us the neighbor yeah so then
I wrote on there oops sorry I opened
your bail it's all there
you know I'm put my address out of like
I am sorry right I don't think it's a
federal offense if you didn't mean to
ignorant of the law is no excuse to
break in but I would have what about
invincible ignorance the whole you know
that you can't go to hell for things
that you didn't know where oh no you can
you can yeah you can do what kind of
church did you go to that's why a
missionary work is so important that's
what I'm not doing
that's this is how they think dragon
moody says hey Jack I'm Jack did you
listen to school of seven bills yep no I
did you got a tweet at me that's why you
got tweet at me or else I don't remember
else is a hey rich what do you think
about the big lebowski
it's my favorite movie besides Mel
Brooks films it's my most watched movie
of all time
well I love Mel Brooks films but I know
I need to see it but I have not seen The
Big Lebowski sure we've had this
conversation I will not stop being
surprised by the fact that you haven't
seen The Big Lebowski so it's not gotten
Karen to watch Galaxy Quest for crying
out loud oh yeah you try I tried last
night she flat-out
waited refused but you was in the mood
for some you had so little intrument
plus it was like a two-hour movie and I
really was gonna be asleep after like
they watched we watched like three
episodes watch two episodes of it's a
miracle
I've heard that those females are strong
as hell damn it
that's gonna be a fascinating transition
that's my favorite part of it we did it
yeah which shuttle elite 5 says this is
a tip for Karen to read read it read it
without don't read it aloud first just
read it yeah this one yeah that's our
Jim that's the one
start officers this is a tip for you yep
don't don't read it out loud first make
sure it's something you don't mind
reading out loud and if you don't want
to read it out loud you are under no
obligation this is a tip for Karen Karen
you are a very lucky woman rich is a
sexy sexy man you are very lucky to have
such a sexy man rich all the chat Watson
well they can't have him the hope was
alive until you started coming to this
dreams Karen the hope that he was just
making up this girl Karen is a pigment
right no well she's from Canada he named
his broom Karen oh he's dancing with his
mop broom mop broom I don't know like I
get it this pillow whatever you know an
inanimate object hands Frosch says
apparently Angelina divorced Brad please
discuss much habla much obliged
sure okay ready for my discussion Angela
fucking who cares
dad divorce yeah good for them I'm sure
they've golf got good lawyers and
they're both gonna come out with lots of
money and they had lots of money going
in so it doesn't really matter
yeah both of them are well respected
famous actors who earn lots of money and
you know what they do a lot of aid work
jennifer aniston gets the last laugh
though i'm sorry it didn't work out
because they had a fine mary they've got
some kids and they'd spent their free
time like helping sick kids Africa I
like those three they made a bunch of
beautiful children you know and then
they adopted a bunch of children who I'm
sure this beautiful just because they're
gonna grow up next to him in terrassa
Moses yeah well maybe they picked the
prettiest babies in the door vintage I
have no idea right
hey you know what I did see though was
it was like a retweet or someone like
posted a blog post about like post
divorce and they said this is what half
cousin Angelina Jolie had breast cancer
and she had a double mastectomy mmm
do you know to make sure that it doesn't
read yeah I'm just thinking bowties or
whatever it says masters I think
you and some awful awful person said she
should cut off both of her breasts and
then they get divorced I wonder if
that's a coincidence I think you
I totally if Brad Pitt's of horrible
perk it might be true if her husband and
I doubt it is that shallow if that is
the case that she's better off without
it right but I mean I can't imagine
that's the case no why would you even
the the fact that someone would even
bring that up makes them a horrible
brain they're circulating I'm sure they
installed you know suitable replacement
parts
do you know decline them a suitable
replacement parts you're you it's like
poetry you can parent you're spouting
tit poetry that's more bread and nut and
Angelina talk that I thought we'd have
oh my god I noticed that I'm taking
damage but really I'm sure she had a had
a high-priced plastic surgeon give her a
great aesthetic right set she's fine
she's fine
everybody's fine there were two rich
people and they're gonna be fine exactly
they're two rich people who will
continue to be rich why didn't we have a
philosophy class I had once you know
this this term where you God uh uh you
know the person who would even bring
that up was horrible for bringing that
up
yeah why is it a rule bring up because I
had a philosophy class once we're
talking about God and evil in the world
sure and I brought up a point well maybe
you know hypothetically maybe there is a
God but who says he's all good maybe
this crowd is forgot his God he isn't
good if God is good he isn't god yeah
but it won't take them maybe there is a
God but he's somewhat malevolent what's
the point I brought up and the teacher
of the philosophy class like God all
series that is very offensive to some
people like I'm sitting there thinking
it was like some writers before trigger
warnings
so what oh it's a fucking philosophy
class I can't bring this up
no but I'm not saying that I it's an
answer to the question no but I'm not
like I'm sure you're not the first
person to ask it no no but the reason
I'm calling the person who thinks like
because she cut off her breasts
that's why Brad left him like that's
what he's that's what that person is
bringing to the table so that like
because he and it's not like he just had
that thought and went about his day he
had that thought and then like threw it
out into the universe as as a
possibility and that makes him horrible
cuz like why would that ever be a
possibility because some people are
jerks it doesn't mean the person is
bringing that up as a possibility is a
jerk well sure but he's just saying well
it could have been a thing but is your
problem with the fact that he had the
thought in his head or with the fact
that he spewed it out of the world he
spewed it on the world as you know most
of us have all kinds of horrible
thoughts but we do our heads now and
then just like like oh Brett you know
what you know what it could have been it
could have been that Brad Pitt found out
that Angela Angelina Jolie is of mixed
race and I think Brett and it's quite
possible that Brad Pitt is a horrible
racist like that's something I'm
throwing out into the world that's my
own bad thoughts that I'm throwing out
into the world you know maybe he found
out that she's Rh negative and he's just
got a thing for her age factors maybe he
found out that whatever toeses crooked
added extra everything you know exactly
this is something horrible in his head
that he is pushed he is pushing that on
to Brad Pitt you know and nobody cares
well no I don't like I said I don't care
about the divorce that's you know that's
just whatever but I don't like that this
person is just throwing out this
horrible thing to him into the world
it's a it's a valid hypothesis I don't
even care if he's pointing out that the
timing is really horrible and that this
is a potential okay
well then then it's just wrong but I
don't I still don't think he's horrible
just for bringing something
uncomfortable up your philosophy teacher
was behaving unacceptably yes it was
philosophy class right oh sure no I'd
like I don't I don't know how far if our
examples are equal as I guess all I'm
saying I don't know I guess it doesn't
really matter all right um even even if
you are allowed to bring up God in a
philosophy class kids kids are thought
to have unpopular opinions they're just
not allowed to treat each other like
jerks and hands frosh continued to say
oh sorry
also I'm allergic to hazelnuts and
bananas while still 76 characters left
now 52 so much space I'll just leave the
rest blank you know I'm just gonna put a
bunch of periods or random punctuation
you get a throw lol fuck my cock done
that seven of Borgnine says reg reg any
more of your negative music takes what
are some band songs that are beloved
that you have controversial opinions on
other than the obvious hip hop slash
country acts it's not a huge music fan I
mean like you like classic rock but
you're not I didn't even say I hate the
Nine Inch Nails version of heard which I
think pretty much effort Johnny Cash's
version was their only anyone not agree
with you there
see this one it doesn't sound whiney you
didn't see that's the thing you didn't
just say you prefer Johnny Cash's you
were then talking down to Rex alright
alright alright you know what's which I
can still enjoy though oh sure but you
didn't say that and you were just like
he's whiney yeah that's that's what you
were focusing on but you enjoy it
because you enjoy it or do you enjoy it
because you enjoy making fun out of it
well the original I haven't heard that
in a long time further down the spiral
then that was the downward spiral
that was the downward right yeah
that was like 90 full rich you said
Trent Reznor sounds like a whiny ass
people can't deal with hyperbole Wow
they can't do it's called it's called
hyperbole
I'm filled with it no young sounds like
a whiny ass bitch everyone can agree
with that though
yeah only benign hyperbole my doctor
said it was benign hyperbole oh no I've
been diagnosed with hyperbole yeah
journal wise is Jack I'm Jack did you
happen to listen too deep creep on
VanCamp
for free if not I will tweet to remind
you I hope you are doing swimmingly oh
you know what I think I did listen I
don't know if I like that one I think in
30 you can go you know what we done as
soon as Jack is done yeah as soon as I'm
dead I'm you know this is the this is no
I've gotten a little bit further but I'm
I'm close to being done
yeah I'm pretty sleep-deprived it's time
for me to it a bit daddle wha go to bed
Thanks I love it I'll see you want to
get what do you get there yeah I won't
be too far behind you
young you he's searching for hard gold
two decks says missionary work is
important because theological virtues of
faith hope and loving-kindness need to
be taught but cardinal virtues of
prudence justice temperance and courage
are self-evident
so like Thomas Aquinas or even possibly
elements m31 says oh I thought you're
just saying goodbye
okay just elements empty ones us don't
know if jack has seen this but here's a
clip of Trent Reznor playing and his
band slam bamboo in 1986 on a local
Cleveland TV show hilarious I guess I
could see that madam says Jack okay do
you believe in eliminating all on em and
smile anima D on the Internet by
requiring true IDs internet negativity
policing to prevent internet trolls how
else do you propose to save Brad Pitt's
reputation we actually talked about this
that no actually rich gave me a very
good counter-argument i i i was for
practically technically the chat had the
really great point but yeah oh right so
we've talked about this before about in
anonymity on the internet and in general
i think and i think a lot of people
agree that anonymity can lead to many
negative aspects and so i was for like
an online ID but rich and the chat had
some great examples of instances in
which it would be thankful yeah it would
be helpful to be anonymous so i have
since you know i think we're just trying
to go to another argument oh thank you
possibly know
to bring that up suddenly yeah you're
probably not gonna go to me I'm probably
not but you know anything's possible
keep trying I guess good luck
how is this game so far jack I mean I'm
really liking it it's very simple you
know like as you see it's it's how is it
how is it different from no man Skype
so we're roguelike it's yeah it's an
imagined so far like it's its first you
know its first person ship combat FTL
okay is what we've seen so far it's
really fun looking for a shit the combat
is the the combat is the main draw it's
very fun yelling the other chips and I
feel I feel it's engaging killing all
the other ships it's a little hard and
it's a little simple I want some more
variety because so far it's just look at
the rocks kill ships look at the rocks
kill ships mm-hmm but like I've gotten a
couple where I've had to like explore
abandoned like old abandoned ships and
you get to kind of fly through them and
you oh there's a little case in there
like that was really neat that was
really cool and like now like I just ran
across some like enemy missile towers
like on a rock enemy missile towers that
was neat so yeah I I am going to I'm
glad that I bought this on my account
because I'm gonna play more good go and
they updated jack proves I proved I
approve of this of this game vestroia 15
says hey guys what do you think of ever
space so far I just tuned in and is
wondering about it thought it looked
interesting but no man's sky left a bad
taste in my mouth for space games so
there you go ya know this is really
funny you know the weird thing about the
flight controls is the the further for
the flight controls are the kind of
weird thing but once you wrap your head
around it it works great what's weird
about the flight controls okay so the
left stick
strafe okay like look you just go like
up and down and left and
Ryan and then the right stick is normal
that's you know you're and then it
forward or backwards here's what I want
to know what is there a cockpit
viewpoint or is this all third-person
you know what I think I remember seeing
that there is it a cockpit viewpoint
hold on not display maybe try game try
uh controls see if there's a button
oh I think I remember seeing that you
can change action freeze I wonder what
action freeze means I don't a lot of
people saying you sound muffled or
something like I sound muffled hold on
let me sorry if I sound muffles why
would the trigger no sorry the triggers
don't strafe the the left joystick
strafe and then the it's trigger to go
forward the left analog stick the left
analog stick stick Draves and then
trigger and up-down left-right up-down
left-right up-down like look that's me
pressing up on the trigger and so that's
not the trick you've seen for you said
trigger oh I did yeah yeah you had a
verbal tic going on it's all analog
stick all this up
straight up straight down and left and
right is being done with the analog
stick yeah like that's I'm holding the
analog stick forward it's going up and
then pulling it back makes it ship go
down right Wow
so it's a little also there's no inertia
I keep expecting inertia yeah and so
like I have the gas on right like this
should be a nurse and look I like oh the
gas it's done okay so it's like that's
just weird
it's not you can you can make that work
with some kind of weird like gravity
engine but there are clearly some kind
of rocket thrusters on the back of it
right right but no felt like flying
eventually feels really good to get this
little boost here I and I know you don't
like all the asteroids but I actually I
dig all the stuff look at any time you
know I dig it out dude you know it's not
what space is like but space is like you
know it's fun so oh gotta get out of
here like that how there's a an enemy
that is really hard to deal with
well the inbound is there a thing that
chases you like FTL like if you hang out
here too long oh maybe that's what it is
it's chased me a couple times okay and I
don't like it
is there something to change it to oh
wait I wonder if it's in here I
definitely want to repair dance games
dance ships dance blueprints loaner
Arkansas rich since you don't like
real-time strategy games avoid Red Alert
3 despite having ric flair in the game
the cutscenes alone were enough to feel
uncomfortable about it also the blatant
racism look ok noted Ric Flair is it
well looks neat
look at that but why is space just
asteroids because they want you to fly
around shit it doesn't make sense
well listen game you don't need to tell
us how pretty you are that way you know
that was adorable the game but
unnecessary thunder cannot exist in
space as the chat I'll be fair I think
they're claiming this is some kind of
space-time anomaly they said it was a
gravitational anomaly yeah okay it's not
lightning it just looks like lightning
right
today X says X forgot to hit Send on
first tip Jack's wrong missionary work
not needed to save others from help this
was stated in the Council of Trent 500
years ago those not baptized by water
are not automatically damned
listen cap this is this is my Catholic
school upbringing I'm just repeating why
I'm just repeating what the nuns have
kicked my ass told me display menu for
cockpit view was it looks like it oh
yeah
first person oh oh wait
you think smooth for my first person so
there is a first person we just don't
know how to see it
graphics preset are also an epic that's
why it looks so good
there's a doubt no yeah I don't see it
alright I don't see how to get in there
is hitting looking game again yeah
camera shakes vibration reset current
run reset game back patrols go to the
keyboard and mouse controls customize
controls oh yeah wait let's go to
customize controls all right oh why
No oh cool
yeah Jack good Catholic boys don't talk
about Dom DeLuise getting accidentally
fucked on the bus right well Jack's not
a good Catholic boy that's it rich
family Catholic huh you found the
Catholic yeah same here
yeah the church was so fucking boring
you know it wasn't the most fun access
key needed it wasn't the most fun yeah I
was I was baptized and raised Catholic
Catholic grade school all my life well
all of grade school at least this is
weird
in first person I wonder how a combat
would be in this possibly better
possibly make it to the other side of
this
how do you get rid of purgatory well do
you know how you made it up
you just stop making it up how do you
kill a vampire
anyway well anyway it's a script because
vampires aren't real not even that is
there anything in the Bible itself that
says anything about a purgatory it's
just something there's something a Pope
came up with because somebody said well
I had now the people who died before
Jesus they just go straight to hell shit
they're using logic what about all those
who start people I know of and like it
is burning and I don't think it's a good
purgatory it's a special place that's
impel it's fine I just say I just made
them up it's totally real oh here we go
freezing record live if you had to
disguise yourself as a magical creature
to get into heaven
dot dot dot it would be a unicorn and it
would be like one of those cheap
Halloween costumes and I would need like
Jack or someone to help me out is like
the back half whoa nothing in that
comment suggested magically turning into
the magical animal right
no religions drop beliefs all the time
what the what used to the beliefs if
they could just be changed it's really
true rich that's that's kind of a that's
kind of like the whole thing what
container yeah like that like I found so
I just found like a radio tower
mhm and you know I got close to it there
are some defenses and now it gave me
where all the treasures are so I can go
get the treasures it's the core of it is
basically just flying around in space
mm-hm but whoo they gave you some shit
to do while flying around in space so
I'm gonna be okay with it right shield
booster oh yeah I want a shield booster
that's the important part oh fuck what
was that but rich non-religious people
change beliefs - yeah but religion
claims to have the absolute truth and if
that absolute truth can be changed on a
whim isn't it kind of worthless science
if this is what you're referring to
I'm going to assume this is kind of what
you're referring to sure science changes
ideas but science never claims to have
the absolute truth what they have is a
scientific theory which is saying with
all the information I have available
this is what looks like is going up this
is my best guess and you know here and
here is the math that that shows this
would seem to indicate this or this
unless we find other evidence that
disproves this then we got to start
again yep that's actually the whole
wonderful thing about science is that we
don't know but we kind of think no it
doesn't rich anti-religious people like
to believe that look you're talking
about willing a whole plane of existence
in and out of existence with purgatory
this is not a small thing
you know and I don't know if you're just
trying to rile us up but I don't know if
I can because I'm just fucking loving
flying around in space right now I tell
you all that how much fun I'm having
playing this game and rich I'm sorry
I've I've once again hogs a game all
night and I feel bad when I do that I
know you weren't super excited to play
this game anyway so I am I wasn't
against it's just like you were the one
who watered it and I'm like well why
don't you know in case you've really
loved it
don't count no and I'm happy I did
because I am really enjoying I you know
I mean I've been talking to you talking
to Karen time a chance I've really
experienced the game I don't have any
idea what the fuck is going on I just
keep saying so many fuckin asteroids it
makes me sick that is all I could see
look at that look at that shit
cluttering up space beautiful space you
know what I am starting
think that the interceptors are like the
FTL rebels yeah time spent too long
there and too long there and I was I was
fucking around again Oh high risk we
don't want to go on a high risk
I'll go medium risk exactly J stout fuck
purgatory I'm flying that's what I have
to say about you god damned purgatory
I'm flying a goddamn space look at me in
space we made it three whole months
without talking about religion stop it
no but you're adults can have mature
conversations as long as you're being
civil about it
look if you can't handle rich Evans
criticizing your beliefs maybe maybe you
need to do some serious revaluation of
your belief system I I'm just some
asshole
damage booster what
a picture plan I hit all of the
candidates this year there's one that
you should hate more than all of them
though oh yeah you're bad guy
Susan's princess this is this period we
watched Robocop 2 today and totally just
realized that it's basically the story
of Cain and Abel the villains name is
Cain for crying out loud
BOTS isn't Frank Miller a huge Catholic
but whether or not he's a Catholic he
had he at least loves like the imagery
and the culture I don't know what his
actual beliefs are but III haven't
watched Robocop 2 with that in mind I
know a lot of people think Robocop 2 is
terrible and I definitely agree it has
issues but there are lots of bits in
Robocop sooo that I just like I love
Robocop with the the the the corporate
committee directives like 400 directives
that are just fuckin with his brain
that's huh that's some great shit that's
some fine satire
I love the crime boss kid because that
world is so fucked up it's been too long
since I've seen her I'm gonna have to I
cannot comment on it I kind of loved how
accurately they predicted Detroit oh
that's true here's a question okay what
years Robocop take place in do they ever
give a year or is it always just a vague
near future
is it 20xx right I don't know let's chat
Jeff this is my question what year I
actually had this thought earlier today
and like I hope this comes up during the
stream I'm thinking about I know I'm
gonna forget I'm just saying when does
Robocop take place did they ever give
like 2007 or something
how accurately do they predict the
future it sure that you thinking other
other than the robotics well yeah we're
getting pretty close
you got some private yelling you got
prisons being privatized that's a hop
skipping away from the police department
being privatized absolutely Chicago
freakin privatize the the parking meters
a few years back today yeah oh yeah and
wouldn't you know it the find the the
cost went from like you know quarters to
like ten bucks we're oh yeah they're
they like increased by a thousand
percent the cost to use a parking meter
in Chicago crazy that it's so strange
how that would happen Robocop was set
from November twenty forty three to
February twenty forty three unless you
well a lot of people saying 2043 I
thought you're just being overly
specific and I gave you the finger as a
joke because I thought you know no no I
gave that's accurate and then I
apologize for giving you the finger
because a lot of people are saying 2043
so I guess that's actually a thing what
it was so specific about the year the
date the date like November to this date
I thought it was just fucking with us oh
sure but reading what other people are
saying it was it sounds like it was
accurate but I gave that first person
the finger because I thought they were
yanking me Jane you know jerking my
chain sure and I feel bad about it as
you should yeah I should that's terrible
I pay apologize once again for flipping
you off damaged table cook says whatever
Jack I know you're just just desperate
to find anything to claim this is a
better space sim than no man sky no
man's sky no man's sky does much more
than ever space I think you're
delusional right now no man Scott no no
no man sky does do more than ever space
absolutely but it doesn't worse it just
does it all worse ever space has has
said you know let's focus on one thing
we're gonna fly around asteroids alright
and and I enjoy flying around these
asteroids enjoy flying around these
asteroids so you know captain dick
picking the chatter saying yeah Robocop
the movie gives no indication of the
year okay I didn't think it did this is
apparently deliberate the 2043 date
comes from the novelization which has a
lone which has a line about Stallone
dying at 97 interesting thank you
I really feel like such a prick now
because I thought totally thought their
goodness yet with that overly specific
date
well yeah I guess you should yeah yeah I
feel like I can't comfort you at all
terrible person I'm really sorry
I would like to tell you that it's gonna
be okay but it's not it's not I just
have to continue on yep you got a power
curve today I says of them catus ism of
the Catholic Church CCC 846 to 847
discusses salvation of non-baptized of
non-baptized CCC 10:31 discusses
purgatory
most of the rest just dams jar-jar binks
to help great we're doing great
tyrannosaurus rex and the chances no
man's sky equals sold with lies ever
space equals not sold with wise
obviously like you know we can there's I
think there's some gray area there you
know just gray area I'm digging this and
I didn't dig no man's sky it's just that
easy for me
where you can't well what it certainly
looks better even if you're doing the
same space things cuz we can all agree
even though no man's sky has planted
ship it's all horribly boring
everything you do on a planet no man
this guy's horribly boring or so even if
you let's say you like the space stuff
no man's sky yeah this does the space
stuff much like it isn't no man's sky
with asteroids but it all looks better I
think I think it does nanobots don't get
me some nanobots
hey they're looking for some Dinobots
I still have do I still have no pardon
me
I'm looking for some nanobots oh here we
go
I did not read the Batman aliens comic
series Batman alien yeah I know there
was a Superman alien comic series I
don't know how the fuck you make that
work and then Superman punched the
aliens very hard the end and then the
aliens tried to bite Superman but it
didn't do much unless it was that
bullshit where it's like because there
he's not on earth he's uh oh alright
wait from the Yellow Sun because he's
away from me alright you know jack is
probably exactly what they did that
bears perfect sense
and then you just have to think yourself
Superman why do you ever go away from
the Yellow Sun god dammit you're he
wants to see the universe you're an
infant you are an invincible God here
why would you ever leave here alright
alright for to have it to feel something
to feel something sure we have a man who
can have anything he wants yeah it's
probably very bored being being a god
might be the least exciting thing in the
world after after after the initial
thrill of ponen everyone wears off sure
and then you know you know he goes into
the bad parts of town and suddenly he's
vulnerable and weak and everything's
exciting suddenly because he can get
hurt
the thrill of danger the fight the risk
the gimbal it's addictive and he just
has to keep doing it he needs more
now he need some more because because
his life is yellow son Superman is just
so so unbearably boring in contrast I
think you're absolutely right I now by
the scenario see one punch man like III
didn't like on YouTube I saw like the
one punch man fights it looks like fun
stuff it's not bad it is not a bad anime
it's it's got some it's got some funny
jokes we're rich right this stone we're
recording it I don't need to write it
down write what down
where the fuck is this
goddammit
just write it down just in case Oh cuz
you're describing because one punch man
is so bored excuse me thank you
every story is how do we make Superman
not Superman pleasure ship cracked up
yeah how listen II cuz I am pretty far
damaged and so yeah you can see how the
lot of cracks in it ya know I'm like my
screens are all wobbly wobbly
gobbledygook says this game looks better
because it's a PC game not a console
port at least with no man Scott I feel
like in exploring worlds might be
shallow and you might think it boring
but I find it tranquil and you know
godly cooks I'm not putting you down if
you enjoy no man's sky that's fine
whatever we've talked about it that has
just been our opinion my personal
opinion absolutely
Jack did you did you get eggs have you
picked up eggs chef
I don't need eggs but thank you for
thinking of me and my egging my egg need
I've recently switched back to only two
eggs per breakfast so so you using less
of them so I'm using less of them so I
know I you know I no longer need like
the constant reminders for a while I was
doing three eggs for breakfast which
filled in the belly more but you know
just made me had to buy more eggs all
the goddamn time so I'm trying to I'm
trying to ease up on the eggs a little
bit just general calorie cutting because
you know cuz you know that's how I do
what the fuck
but I appreciate the reminders because
yes sometimes she's kinda you gotta get
some eggs rich sometimes you just gotta
get some eggs I'm saying the fuck is
shooting at me fuck is you Jack have you
tried raw eggs before no I've never
eaten just straight up straight up rags
I think that would be gross I'm I'm 90%
sure that would be super gross do we
have a list of Halloween style games to
stream we have are we doing spooked over
are we doing that again you know like
not maybe Davis movie yeah d-plus legit
spooky thief doesn't count as whatever
why not tell me what else there's no
ghosts and goblins are there guns it
might be okay how do you know I don't
know when when I think about ghosts and
goblins I don't think about thief's we
said people tried to get you know that's
like the same way like people like want
to watch a Christmas movie and they're
like Harry Potter they celebrate
Christmas and Harry Potter so it's a
Christmas movie I fuck you where's this
jump surprise idea
yes I do stand gavel thank you is that
what you're telling me I got ghosts and
goblins to look forward to
cuz I'm okay with ghosts and or goblins
ghosts ghosts you know
you can just play more deus ex and say
it's for Halloween or some shit the
clothes are pretty ridiculous
exactly it's one of those situations
where like there there are some board
games that I want to play you know cuz I
have a slew of spooky board games but
you know who knows if we'll be able to
get to it yeah the other thing about
board games is we need more people and
sometimes it's hard to get people
how come Red Dead Redemption hasn't had
HD remake I want to say that you
actually just did that
did they okay or not maybe not an HD
remake what was it just real released uh
because they have that thing now where
some Xbox 360 games they are releasing
okay okay for the Xbox one
we're making you know backwards
compatible and I think they just made
that backwards compatible not quite the
same okay I like just I've wanted on
Steam I want on a PC and I don't
necessarily steam but a product would be
steam yeah yeah I want that on PC
already are there already are
I have to hack it whoo
there we go it wasn't HD was on the 360
well so was so was grand theft auto 5
that didn't stop them
oh right right and yeah they were just
correcting me and in the Last of Us
those are both 360 era games ps3 that
got released with some minorly updated
tweaks make them look a little bit nicer
enough throw them out of the market
again you have the power RDR is just GTA
with horses and it's fantastic
this is strzempko penguin and you are
right I mean it is fantastic I never got
around to it
sorry Oh arty oh yeah it's great it
really is great yeah yeah never got
around to it when it came out don't know
why there was I had nothing against it
and I just do you have Westerners that
you like III don't hate Western doesn't
come you know like I'm kind of
ambivalent I guess maybe that's why I
never got around to it
yes I played undead nightmare it's
actually a decent zombie game
they took Red Dead Redemption and the
DLC was a zombies you see had a rather
large open world zombie game with
Cowboys hey that's a that's a time
period that's that's fun for zombies
whoa RDR has a fucked up code base that
is impossible to port I don't know about
impossible it's probably difficult might
be impossible
I'm guys I'm not a technical guy that
comes to that kind of shit haha I've
heard that but RDR is one worthy of
preservation Sakas waxes favorite bit of
characterization in game + movie example
Adam Jensen I'm assuming the X means
example I'm reading into that email show
he's really specific about his coat +
captain of his school debate team he's
actually just a try-hard doofus I love
it ok offhand I can't come up with a
favorite bit of a characterization ever
I'm drawing quite a few blanks now that
I'm put on the spot right a bit of
characterization
doom guy punching the monitor that's off
the top my head you know what that's
that's a good one yeah
is that like not only characterization
but that just that's tone - I'll tell
you what not that not even the first
monitor when you're in the when you're
in the elevator
yeah and what's-his-face is talking
about you know we did what we did for
the greater good and then you look down
and see the body and then you punch the
the control panel because you're looking
at his bullshit first hand oh yeah right
those are fine look that a month ago I
can't remember that fuckers name the
robot man what was this fucking name oh
sure
doctor yeah fuck me
w not wheelie what wasn't it something
like that something like Wesley I don't
know I don't know I don't remember
depressingly I remember Peyton Hayden
Hayden while I was there and Chad said
give more specific for me Samuel Hayden
nice
we did what we did for the good of
humanity for the betterment of mankind
you care about his name as much as doom
guy that's that's very accurate
I'm not long for this world
there's a there's a moment in Dead
Rising I like the original Dead Rising
okay and I'm gonna say major spoilers
because that game did just come out on
Steam yeah so if you if you do plan on
playing it because it did just come out
on Steam the original Dead Rising need
the stream for about a minute starting
now there's there's a moment and one of
the two FBI people gets killed Brad gets
Brad gets murdered and Frank just saw
him turn into a zombie and he comes back
to the safe house and the the other FBI
girl she's there and she says if you
seen if you've seen Brad we got it you
know to do this and that and like
Frank's like no I haven't seen him and
it's this moment it's just like a look
on his face this meeting I'm like he
knows that he this is on his shoulders
now
the one the one FBI person is injured
and the other one is dead and he knows
know that getting out of there and and
stopping all this is his responsibility
and you have until that a very
responsible character and just suddenly
in the game you see he's got a little
bit of a burn out his shoulders now I'll
put that out there is another one fine
example that's a fine example range
oh I get it now Dead Rising was a ton of
fun did you like any of the others I
haven't played three yet I know I should
choose okay I don't like it as much as
one mostly mostly because of the timer a
Dead Rising I think is is balanced
fucking perfectly as far as the time
restrictions you really have to be
perfect
to do everything all of the side
missions and all of the main missions
and not drop one mm-hmm
but it's just time when he just barely
do it it's perfect - it's so fucking
easy to do everything in that game and
plus the main character dull here's a he
has a daughter in place of a character I
got a rescue mod daughter and he's got
some bad puns some bad is that not a
terrible character but that's fair yes
which why do you like the shitty escort
AI in the first game because it's a
challenge well it's not easy and C Dead
Rising 2 you can just once you rescue
somebody there's part of the reason why
the timing and thinks is so easy and
Dead Rising 2 you've rescued two people
and then you just sprint back to the
safe area and they just follow you you
don't have to turn back or or pay
attention to them at all oh the dead
space is like there are some babysitting
involved yeah no I will admit and Dead
Rising 1 there there is some bad path
finding well it's like when they're not
stuck on the zombies when they just
can't find their way around they can't
climb up a thing yes that is irritating
yes but I mean in Dead Rising 2 they've
just made it so pointless
the escort right it's like nothing I
could see that that seems like part part
of the the fun the challenge yeah is you
have to care for someone in a zombie
might attack them and if you don't have
to worry whether or not a zombie is
going to attack them it's not as much
there were there were survivors in Dead
Rising 1 that were deliberately shitty
to give you an extra challenge everyone
who watched my Dead Rising streams know
I have a turbulent relationship with
Aaron on day one who was it that you had
to feed I think there's no Ronald you
had to feed Ronald but just as a I when
you're escorting him Aaron is programmed
to be a coward so instead of like
sprinting instead of going to where
you're pointing at him to go he might
just stand there and freeze up and go
god oh god
that's great that's great
ok alright
where do we want to go either at all he
don't feel Ronald he eats your other
survivors that's that's actually
somewhat true he does take off and
search your food and like a quarter of
your survivors go with him so you lose a
bunch of people if you forget to feed
him oh that's very funny it's very
important to remember to feed Ronal
what do we do again it's like
exclamation point right that we do
that's not what we do the annoying thing
is if you you you get back at the safe
house and you remember that you need to
feed Ronald but you don't have food in
your inventory and then you're fucking
sure then you're just fucked and you
know it and it's terrible
anteye shatter what I am tired you know
what yeah I think we're done we're oh
we're totally done I'm just trying to
get our subs and the thing didn't pop up
and now people are like typing and weird
stuff yes the the dead rising streams
are all on YouTube they're very long I
actually I did a full playthrough and
then two other nearly full playthroughs
like I had a no death run of Dead Rising
and I tried sometimes and failed so on
YouTube there's me playing most of Dead
Rising and then fucking something up hmm
am i typing wrong and then I'd try again
there's probably 35 hours worth of me
playing Dead Rising on YouTube yeah stop
stop suit owing me you're welcome
escapist magazine we're happy to stream
I'm just very tired now and I can't get
our subs
how do we do it rich we save the names
and just read them at the start of the
next make you feel better
oh wait there's the thing who's the
thing thank you this new subscriber you
have saved us all whoa is that chewing
up no you still get everything's great
whoa what is that yeah okay great thank
you this new subscriber are we ever
gonna get a vanquish challenge six run
no I'm never gonna be challenge six and
vanquish oh no super fun that ever space
oh really enjoyed them I can't wait till
they finish it I want them to finish
okay they're so good
sir each in his own last minute don't
information okay do you guys have any
guilty pleasure games like for me it's
the sims and bejeweled blitz
the ladder is like crack it's almost
embarrassing um you shouldn't consider
those guilty pleasures you shouldn't
feel guilty about liking the Sims or
bejeweled blitz it's a game somebody
made it you enjoy it that's fine that's
great that's great I mean for me it's
for me it's Pokemon you can see you get
call that a guilty plea that's a bets
mainstream even well but it's like it's
my guilty pleasure because like they're
so there are so many games to play and
you know what they're gonna come up with
this new Pokemon Sun Moon and it will
play exactly the same as the 20 other
Pokemon games that have come up before
it and I don't care I'm gonna I'm gonna
play it you know like I'm gonna play it
and I'm gonna love it I'm playing
Pokemon y right now mm-hm
and it plays the exact same as every
other Pokemon game and I fucking love it
but I shouldn't like I should play other
games I should spend my time playing new
games but I just played Pokemon see I'll
play all the game was I enjoy I don't
give no fucks I don't give no fucks
thing hmm
Orcs Must Die I've been playing lately
right not the newer one the older one
the first one right right right so these
are the people who have subscribed to us
while we were streaming and we're gonna
thank them for subscribing to us while
we were streaming kept logo ass hair
plucker asses whoo
like wew yeah there's no H in there some
whoo-whee well well well well what the f
is happening welcome All Hands la old
hence lo says huzzah time well-spent mr.
Pibbs
for 16 months in a row is this like the
golden anniversary or something
absolutely 16 hands frosh says my
hovercraft is full of eels 12 months in
a row four hands frosh loaner art John
for 25 fucking months in a row on our
current says this is my alternative
hookers and blow I'm glad we could help
Ville asturias Valastro says five months
of subscription federal law now requires
you to give us more Phoenix right we
want to see how Phoenix survives the
next case with an expired bus pass and
only 20 cents in his pocket suspense
keep up the good work frauds Moki b85 27
fucking months in a row happy two-year
three-month anniversary seems like that
Sonic's dream was only yesterday the
passage of time just comes at you
suddenly and without warning from edge
of screamed tiny to tech veggie VG 64
it's not a midnight movie it's a
legitimate feature film x-men so 27
fucking months in a row expenses says
unemployed for a month still
contributing to prereq priorities and
the hashtag priorities in the right
place this time it's lupus the Bears are
playing the Cowboys right now thank you
for the distraction a Michelle 87 25
fucking months in a row a Michelle says
pray oh good I'm glad I get to read this
one poop dick 50
7900 you guys should do a review on the
room then actually that would give me an
excuse to say excuse to finally see it
so maybe it's space check 2084 says
sending you a Twinkie the size of my
heart oh the touch football fighting
18 months in a row Billa hecka 27
fucking months in a row the Lakha says
not only is it my 27 month anniversary
subscribing but tomorrow marks the 30th
year I've walked this earth making me
older than 95% of the check
but but not older than me thank you
again for doing what you do as that is a
wonderful birthday gift for me mom thank
you for being here bill
top ramens 19 months in a row do be
sandwich
Harry fed 20 fucking months in a row
check out debt by daylight it's a great
game Friday the 13th looks like it's
gonna be shit so far what we've seen of
the Friday the 13th game does not look
to be yeah yeah I don't think it's gonna
work I don't think it's gonna work but
we'll see I don't know
waffle till 14 months in a row Theodore
J hooker 25 fucking months in a row she
buy over twenty three fucking months in
a row she buy river says oh shit boy
melons junkie 14 months in a row ah ah
fourteen the age rich Jack and myself
started losing our hair Walt haizen
beard 23 fucking months in a row
Walt Eisenberg says you guys looking
forward to star citizen might be the
first space sim I'll give a try kind of
a lot of people keep shit talking it I
don't know they're just mad that they're
asking for more money in the Kickstarter
or what I don't know how that's gonna
affect the eventual quality of the game
I don't know but I'd say looking forward
to it hasn't been on my radar but you
know but I should probably play lead
dangerous because that is out now and it
looks like a pretty decent spacesuit
that's the one everyone tells ya twenty
there's the three thousand games I need
the play that's a situation I know it's
a good it's a good problem to have
you have a plan rich I do what I'm
sticking and you're sticking with your
plan I think that's the important part
star Horrible's 16 months in a row I
love you even though I don't like the
thing even though you don't like the
things that I hope
thank you for understanding star
Horrible's microfibre militia 23 fucking
months in a row microfibre militia says
happy to be here we've come a long way
baby and sky dandy 24 fucking months in
a row am I the only one who thinks Jack
was at some point in his childhood
referred to as fudgy packard by bullies
maybe Jack fudge Packard Oh like like
like um like fudge Packers yeah yeah
