Feb 3, 2016
XCOM: Enemy Within
https://www.twitch.tv/video/55917236
https://www.twitch.tv/video/55918621
https://www.twitch.tv/video/55919366
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvHI_JUs5n0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HBCaAH1Rn5Y
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7iDh1gjOcqc
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/694955959899287554

[Part I]
confess my utter contempt and
frustration with Windows 10 why don't
you explain this because I've not gotten
Windows 10 it just seems like what am I
needed for well you know I don't need
Windows 10 and I don't want to reinstall
all my old fucking shit again and figure
out how to run some of my really old
shit I'm the new opera fuck it you don't
need it you don't need it and now I
can't get out of you know window the
thing Windows 10 was supposed to do is
get us away from this Windows 8
everything's an app tile now bullshit
because like these are real computers
that Susan like real computers but now I
can't get away from everything's in app
tile like where's just my desktop weird
why why did the keyboard come up what's
happening this is why I use Windows 7
that's why I want to switch to Linux I
would like to switch to Linux fucking
games everything who wants to run on
fucking Windows though yeah this is
perfectly nice free completely free
platform and where there aren't a whole
bunch of like corporate jag-offs I want
to ruin it every few years yeah and it's
completely unsupported so there you go
there you go
so how do I do anything you don't how do
I get to my files I don't I don't I've
never used the Windows 10 before I don't
know what it does
we were we were using this last week
just start touching things oh you know
what you shouldn't have hit streaming
yeah because I haven't gotten the thing
up to change the name of the streeams
what fuck it it doesn't matter nothing
matters everything is everything is
pointless where's the thing
what no I got it look for the thing what
thing the thing that changed the thing I
hope I can hopefully it doesn't matter
now it's too late now what do you mean
it's too late now we can change the name
no because now anyway anyone who got the
email or the notification it already
sent it out I could I could end the
stream and start the stream no that
won't help why won't that help because
we won't get a second email out if you
do it too quick oh I found the file
explorer
I did it I found the file explorer
cheese I shouldn't be that excited about
finding the file explorer bared it yeah
that's what I was looking for cherry
boom give me a baby open up all right
what-whatever things beeping that's what
that was it was a thing that beeped and
you could deal with that very updated I
updated the thing great with the thing
hmm okay and I got I got it up too I now
have chatty up we did it
we've never seen a late game we always
done the early game for ex-cons I'm just
I've been replaying to the game you know
because the new ones coming out yeah so
I'm just just gonna open up one of my
one of my currently running games look
at all my fucking kernel here look at
this this is my robot trooper Jack holy
God fuck I turned a high-level
high-level sniper into a robot trooper
with a super mega particle cannon well
that's not the part of me and I haven't
got that yet this is the the rail gun
and she doesn't move she could shoot
twice a turn and just clearly just
obliterate things you can also you can
check it out different ways like there's
a they could either have a flamethrower
yeah or you can run up and punch things
in the face here's the thing about I
honestly had no idea anything like this
would it was in this game why isn't this
in the marketing material if I knew I
could get this I would play the game
look at how awesome that is there's some
other troopers oh yeah I mean she's very
cool she's wearing robot suit she's I
mean very not as that's not as
impressive as the fucking Robocop over
there
oh no no well these are more like
Robocop that's like ed-209 yeah you
can't what I'm saying is you can't start
with ed-209 you started with the bigoted
like these uh by the way these outfits
are really cool yeah yeah I have them
all with the same color scheme obviously
you can change the color yeah
when facebait you fuck liking to the
blue yeah the very very neat very very
neat Red's not bad I prefer the muted
not black but dark yeah and he's got a
skull helmet on yeah that's a very cool
helmet I love that rich also goes with
only helmets is there another option uh
you can took home Rob just have their
heads be out there but I mean when
you're wearing a robot soon oh you need
that no no you know you don't need it if
I really like a soldier my little
haven't helmet off want to see the face
if it was up to me they would all be
wearing helmets if they had the robot
suit of course you could you could put
them in homeless at any time yeah the
helmets are in the cart the character
creation kind of thing that's how much
I've played with this which is zero what
is wrong with you I didn't know I could
get that listen I pre-purchased it it's
yeah I have it on the on the free
download home
I'll have it ready Dave we won't be able
to play it damn because we're doing
other things I will have it ready they
have a hats oh I know they have hats I
remember we put a we put a fancy hat on
a guy when I was playing once is there
sound oh yeah there is I heard a beep
it's like a nun of gamers are wearing
hats yeah yeah you know we need some
there needs to be some hats
did you hit update now nothing yeah okay
how's this what yeah no I don't like
that you know I know not in the robot
suit that looks rich that looks you
ordered a head I gave you fucking hat oh
yeah that's a cool helmet do you want
the other one yeah look at that one
all right that's a cool that's a badass
helmet right there yeah
have I played pandemic no I have not
played pandemic I've heard a lot a lot
about it which is the one that there's
one this pandemic and there's plague inc
and I forget which one is which but one
just blatantly ripped off the other game
one was it free one was a free browser
game yeah and then the other one they
just like ripped it off like everything
about the game off they added in some
stupid mechanic where you have to click
on bubbles on the screen like it was a
stupid phone app and they charge like
$30 for it I believe pandemic came first
okay is what uh cuz one of them
it makes me seconds my knowledge one of
them makes me absolutely sick yeah I'm
with you play game goes to pay one yeah
fuck play gank al God if I were the
pandemic people I would be so fucking
pissed at them and I would have every
right to be yeah pandemic is a board
game yeah alright scan for activity
laboratory
oh great limiter rich-rich has played
the original XCOM right I prefer this
one he prefers this one but you have
played the original the original has a
more interesting strategic layer it's
more depth 'full but it is a bit more in
general that whole game is a bit more
micromanage II okay so fun still fun and
I love what they did with the tactical
side on this I like this more than the
original XCOM as far as as far as
maneuvering soldiers and cover all that
shit I was like when I come here to look
at I came here to look at something I
don't we're talking about oh I'm at the
memorial one guy one fucking squatty
thin man it's always a fucking thin man
you said what you were what you were
looking for in these replays is you want
a perfect run hey well I'm not gonna do
no I'm not gonna do it now in general
I'm gonna lose Germany because for
whatever reason the panic one up to when
France got whacked with a abduction
mission
yeah should only go one if the sad was
that three sure I mean men after right
next door passing up in that mission of
what up to you suppose it's always
every other country in the contents
supposed to go up one so I got hit by
some kind of fucking glitch oh so I'm
gonna lose Germany because I can't say
that with a satellite because there's
already a satellite there oh okay
so Germany's fucked sorry Jeremy sorry
otherwise otherwise pretty solid run
pending requests when you want plasma
pistols you can't have no I'm not doing
it I'm not doing it if I could do it can
I afford them my items I wish I cost my
7 yep I know you know like the you know
pre versions of the game are out now
it's a reviewers obviously of XCOM 2 we
didn't get one because there's we're
Schmucks Schmucks and that's fine
and no gaming company in their right
mind would give us an early release yeah
and what you know we're just ok with
that
look we're gonna get it on Friday like
everybody else we can't play it on
Friday well you know rich might like
rich might actually wake up early for
the first time in his life to play a
little extra or just stay up really late
Thursday night I want to have I'm gonna
have like a day ahead of myself to enjoy
it though I got two hours that I gotta
rush to the studio oh wow I wanna do
that sure shut up Bradford sure
what did Bradford ever do telling you
what's up I like Bradford he's kind of
an idiot oh ok I'm a scientist advice we
should try capturing what a alien he
like this military man he sees no
strategic value and capturing an enemy
alive we have to get it close range to
capture what he's the caricature
he's a character that's fine and that's
fine
how do we feel that the witness has made
5 million already good for him you know
what I would like it's a scam that's
working hey what did I didn't say that
yeah I said that is a scam that's
working it's three dollars for us for
what's basically a fancy cell phone game
it's a $2.00 app hey he
I think that Jonathan Blow he's an
independent distributor developer he is
able to charge whatever you do what he
wants he's sure it's still disgusting
it's not disgusting he can charge
whatever he wants yes he can and that
doesn't make it less disgusting of
course and people don't have to buy the
game he's not forcing people to buy the
game there are reviews there are Let's
Plays there are live streams of the
witness people have nothing but
information out there yeah let them
charge 60 bucks who cares I don't think
it's a good game I think it's a fine
game it's okay it's puzzles it's logic
puzzles it's a series of logic puzzles
with really pretty backgrounds and if
you like that I bet this is right up
your at your alley
Jack forced rich to buy the game well I
mean we we did we did we spend to some
of our prereq funds to buy the game and
rich is really upset about that
exactly anyone would take five million
dollars but uh so yeah a lot of reviews
gave the witness really high reviews
that people really like logic puzzles I
guess it's very pretty good good for him
that's all we can say okay is good for
him he did well I don't think it's a
good game
I was I was chatting with someone over
the twitters the other day and they were
asking you know like oh my friend he
really likes his game and compared it to
portal how what is what is clever funny
inventive and the other is none of those
things well and I said theoretically
they're they're both they're both
atmospheric short games short
atmospheric games with the same sort of
game mechanic that gets exponentially
different more difficult as the game
goes on one is a work of art without
having its head up its ass that's the
real thing that's the real thing one is
more of a game button that's right Lord
Belmont you did pass back you you paid
us back for the witness we appreciate
that no and would you call the witness
the jar of the video games specifically
rich did I don't know if you dream I I
know I've said it off camera it's the
jar of video games that's exactly what
he said after we were done playing the
game and I agree wholeheartedly
blood-borne is art in a video game
you're absolutely right no there's
there's ton of art and video games
there's a ton of theming
and character design characters hmm
games are full of art and the witness
art doesn't have to have its head up its
ass does the portal portal I would call
a little work of art it's a wonderful
fantastic well made game with great
characters with great characters and it
tells its story without any cutscenes
but stupid people think art means having
your head jammed
four feet up your ass is it truly being
something I don't know what it means but
it means something and it's so important
I think you were the one that I was
telling me that later on in the witness
you find little like audio files wasn't
me telling you this oh oh someone was
telling me that later on in the witness
you discover audio files and it's like
scientists and philosophers talking to
you about how wonderful the world is and
how your mind can reach the fathers to
imagine its space and the rich said he
updated the stream I will update the
stream if he did not I know I did I hit
update your hit update I hit the mother
said update did you refresh him no hold
on I just said fuck fuck witness fuck
witness me I'm playing exhale it's not
called witness me it's just called
witness I didn't I guess I didn't pay
enough attention when I was just
entitled so you didn't you didn't fix it
again I know I did I hit the button
setup they god damn it a crazy lousy
technology according to me it still says
witness me well change it bother you so
fucking much change it asshole I swear I
might be lost without my nice mouse
that's got all the customized buttons
whoa settle down rich have you been
losing weight now that you don't need to
film space cop anymore I was a little
bit worried about losing weight during
space cop hmm because it would have been
a continuity nightmare but I really that
was just an excuse at the time like I
can't doing my space cat I can't
I'm never trying to be healthier I know
I need to do better with my diet but
I've been doing a lot better when it
comes to exercise so that's this
positive momentum good nice alright I
just hit update to the streams how I
should have over last just a sniper I
want
have you seen seeking say on my special
Mouse yeah I've got my overwatch button
on the mouse do you do now I'm gonna do
fucking manually every fucking one her
it's bullshit
this is fucking bullshit which which
ending did I like better than one with
the GoPro strapped to the head or where
Jonathan Blow talks poems in your ear oh
they're both full of shit both are full
of shit and also by the way you can see
on his head it's not a GoPro he has like
a full-on DSLR strapped to his head you
can see a lens that he has a nice camera
could you sit in a mirror at some point
so you could see him in the shadow it
looked like he had a very nice camera
strapped to his head I said he
pretentious and he also did a horrible
job is what we're saying
well no no fuck him I hadn't played
braid is braid also completely utterly
full of horse shit kind of it's it's
more it's actually kind of the same
thing where you know in braids you use
time manipulation to solve platforming
puzzles and then those get more
difficult but it's all the same kind of
time manipulation thing right okay and
then in between the game you read
storybook pages and it tells you about
the princess that got away and is the
princess yo why you spoiled the ending
cos I didn't give a shit about the game
I heard about it I know what the twist
is this amusing it's fine it's all fine
meh you know maybe it came off as less
pretentious because no one was
whispering poems in your ear but I
remember you know what there was a lot
of the same talk when braids came out to
about how much money it cost to make how
much money he made from it is you know
his pretension level then but it's like
a he's making games let him make games
just let the man make games the $40
she's clearly cashing in off of braids
but that's what it is he can do it it's
legal its toll it's still disgust
it's absolutely disgusting I don't think
it's as disgusting as you think it is I
think it's very disgusting he's he came
up with a price point and people decide
yes and they're banging it and he can do
that it's a free fucking country sure
right it's still making me sick because
it's a it's a grab he knows that game's
not worth 40 bucks
he isn't I'm gonna assume he's not a
complete fucking idiot he's he's in he's
a wee bit egotistical doing anything of
course of course he thinks it's worth
that much is it either I think I think
maze I think you're going I think you're
going like I by the way and either he's
smart and cynically charging people
money for this product $40 for the
product or he's stupid and he thinks
he's brilliant
because I think anyone with half a brain
would would know that that's not ours
that's just bullshit pretending to be
art and raindrop hitting a leaf no I
think that's somebody who's either
stupid and full of himself
yeah or cynical and trying to rip people
off and I think he's I think he's smart
and full of himself if that counts for
anything
I bet but smart person would know that's
not real art a smart person couldn't be
that dumb you can be that egotistical I
believe I'm gonna be that dumb yes I
don't think you have to be that dumb to
be that egotistical and yeah that's he
thinks it's worth that much I don't mark
a smart person but would have the fact
that they're a fraud would just eat at
them anyone who was desperate to be an
artist but knew they were making crap
wouldn't feel ashame he might he might
I think his ego has surpassed that
all right here's here here's some XCOM
tutorial type tactics okay this is the
proper way to breach your fucking door
okay all right yeah if you got two on
each side
yeah so two on each side and and
somebody are ready to burst in right and
you have all your men in position and
ready to go before you open the door and
you you basically get a free shot
whatever is in there right they're all
in overwatch they're ready for it room
might be empty but this is the the
proper way to bridge doors and XCOM you
don't have somebody standing in front of
the door because when the units go to
shoot if they're on overwatch they
actually have to step into that tile and
if there's like a third person there the
guys in either side won't be able to
shoot so you have one in front of the
door like a tile back okay oh oh yeah I
didn't even notice that okay so whose
breaching but with someone on this side
someone yeah I'm gonna open here cuz
those were my sniper is okay and
hopefully when they flee they'll come
out here towards these guys okay in the
kill zone if there's anybody in here
sure I forget I'll talk about the game a
little bit early you should
what's traditionally with xm2 coming out
you'll need these strats I need these
strats magistrate oh oh look at those
guys
I shot the wrong one there's no one else
shooting at this guy
everyone's I didn't have these people in
overwatch Oh in case they needed to move
after I open that door oh sure
overwatch shots also lose accuracy um
jaqen rich needs to get on game makers
radar totalbiscuit I already played
through and BDX come to get on that jac
and who's radar Gamemakers radar Oh on
the any game maker any game it we are on
some game makers ready to hurt just you
know we're tiny rich and Jack with tiny
hypothetically hypothetically let's say
I hated the do X come yeah and then
because we know we know they they knew
we were playing X combo we had a contact
actually had four exes yeah I kept an
eye shot on Twitter look sick of
arguments say I played it and hated it
yeah and they gave us like a free signed
copy that would just be so awkward and
horrible would be there really wouldn't
it I alway it takes any sort of guilts
yeah yeah whoa gruff Nick military says
good evening gents I know you hate 1
through 10 lists but anyway we could
compare slash rate the pretension fraud
ego and general level of swindle insult
level of the item the tomb and the
witness I don't know that I hate endless
way what's the item again which was the
item that was the I can't remember the
item guys walking down the hallway he's
doing that he did the head shake thing
there was a little like penis alien that
dad talked funny he psychic oh no the
the the one and they floated oh yeah one
oh I forgot
removed the item from my brain Groff
McMillan Terry until you just reminded
me you horrible horrible dignity and not
the tomb the jar the tomb was the was
the one that was action schlock so if we
take the item the jar and the witness I
want to say that the witness and the the
item are very similar in pretension
levels that things that over watch and
this guy's got a perk for that but he
didn't run into range so I got a take a
risky second maneuver here which means I
absolutely have to if I can kill that
thing this term what is that alien
that's a cyber disc well but there's a
cyber disc there are they're nasty
motherfuckers nice fucking Bluff assault
oh fucking love assaults fucking love
them like the jar was was way up its own
ass but I believe the artistic
intentions of the makers of the jar more
than I believe the artistic intentions
of the makers of the item yes the makers
of the item just thought they were cool
they thought they were being cool and
already the item make okay the makers of
the item I think they fall into the
these stupid believe their own shit
category okay I'm gonna make real
because I'm an artist
design man
and the people made the jar I think
they're just stupid
not made without the ego though there's
the ego oh no I don't know you can feel
the ego like oozing out of the item
though you can feel that oh you can feel
that they he thinks he's hot shit well
that's why I compared to the witness I
feel the same way when I played the
witness is just you can feel like his
own jism coming up through the
floorboards oh that wasn't even on
purpose
moon front says you might want to take
this with a grain of salt but blow has
said that they haven't even broken even
on their production costs and they've
made five million dollars whatever it's
still pretentious piece of shit and and
it's a pretentious piece of shit that
apparently he did not budget well for
there's there's a whole other business
side to this so I know nothing it's fine
like I like I said I don't even want to
talk that badly about the game I think
it's on the wrong platform and I think
it's too expensive and that's my biggest
criticisms with it I'll talk badly about
it I like logic puzzles and I think
they're fun they just don't you know
they just don't need to be they don't
need to be forty bucks
like what was I just playing I saw
recently someone came out with a free
demo of a fun game let me see let me see
if I can find the name of it and I kept
thinking I kept thinking about the
witness while I was playing this game
warlocks tower warlocks tower if you go
check it out
real simple logic game where you have
tiles and you have numbers on those
tiles and you have hearts and your
hearts are how many movement points you
get and so you have to figure out how to
make your way
settle down store cash your wife you
have to figure out how to make your way
to the exit with the with the movement
points you have and you know like oh you
know I can go one two and here's three
more movement points one two here's five
more movement points and so on and so
forth it was a really neat little logic
puzzle game right yeah gave you a free
demo it looks like it's gonna be
mobile-friendly probably a couple bucks
the graphics weren't the greatest but
hey it looked like a fun little game and
like this these were this was an
appropriate place for a game of this
caliber um store cashier wife says just
watched space cop oh my god are you
ready for how terrible was it I'm ready
for the review yeah literally the
funniest movie I have ever seen I don't
believe that I'm glad you enjoyed it but
I don't believe that have you seen what
had American summer a little bit better
but thank you for watching a good job
say store kids thank you thank you for
enjoying the movie I'm glad you enjoyed
it I really enjoyed this base cabin I'm
so biased not just because you know like
I'm in in and I'm part of it but also
like I just know you guys and I think
you you're a guy you guys are funny you
know I think that's my biggest problem
Jay was mesmerized by the item why
didn't your close-combat perk go off you
fucker
yeah I still
we still have not watched the item with
director commentary that is on the list
of things to do is watch the item with
director commentary
oh thanks Tigers here yeah my my my
ghosts seen the ghost yeah okay things
get cut that's how that happens meatball
meatball says suggestion while rich
plays next time to XCOM to Jack should
Jack should play valkyrie chronicles
then the review you can compare contrast
them like I'd like to witness that so
I'll just be playing a completely
separate game while rich plays XM to it
listen I'm not gonna lie during some of
the streams because rich is only gonna
want to stream X come to you know like
riff to the necrodancer just came out on
the Vita I might be playing that there
we go how divers just came out on the
Vita well it didn't just came out but
it's the free game for PS Plus members
this month I've been playing it actually
I'm on the beat of Helldivers smooth
what just cuz fun yeah do it are you
gonna punch him yeah oh no he's gonna
put oh no that's great and mega pose
great that's great so help drivers
here's my psychic the mind Frey takes
off five health I don't know if it says
it there but it's what it does okay and
it also reduces their will aim and
mobility huh which he again he got hit
with a rocket so she's gonna fucking
kill him yeah and it's guaranteed to hit
because these mutants have low will
scores it's the way they pretty nice I
like abilities yeah that's great
right my guy talking about ain't talking
about nuttin
I hope they explained why Jax scene got
cut I think it would I think it wasn't
the strongest joke in that scene
the well I guess I shouldn't say
anything the ghost yeah yeah
for anyone who's seen it I can only
assume you've also seen the deleted
scenes I think it's not the strongest
joke in that scene and you got a cut
somewhere it's actually a recycled joke
is it it's recycled from oranges Revenge
of the eggplant oh I have I you know
what I have asked the oranges I know
nobody has because it's awful haha well
then there you go
Jack where's your beer I have to drive
home and I have to drive rich home yeah
it would be incredibly irresponsible of
me to drink and then drive someone else
home let alone drive myself home but no
I usually don't drink when we're here at
the studio sometimes if it's like if
it's just me going home I'll have one
there's a party going on here if there's
a party going on here then I'll have one
especially like if it's during the
summer and I can ride my bike because
then I'll just be drinking all that love
that all day and all night
it seemed like it might be a little out
of place the meta no it's it's a fine
like it's a fine joke but it wasn't the
strongest joke in that scene and you got
a you know space cop needed to be in 90
minutes it it couldn't have been a long
movie so let rich Drive home I have a
policy never to touch anything I can't
afford to replace though I do want to I
do want to play that Firewatch game that
looks fun
I don't know if it's much comparison to
the witness I think Firewatch is more of
like a almost like a 3d adventure game
from what I've heard of Firewatch I
don't think it has many puzzles in it so
I don't think we could compare it to the
witness
I know visually it kind of looks the
same a lot of bright colors oh yeah
Marimar that was good too the deleted
scenes for the space cop there's there's
a lot there was a lot of there's a lot
of me fucking around and a lot of that
got caught which is the appropriate
thing
it could be fire watch could be a
walking simulator type story similar to
that of soma but it you know at least
it's bright colorful we'll see I am I am
planning on playing fire watch just
because it looks fun I have insurance
but I don't know if rich crashing my car
insurance would cover yeah and it's fine
you know we don't we don't need to drink
to have a good time we did drinking
their beer is nothing but empty calories
beer oh no what is that as bad Oh what
happened you were not expecting those
guys yeah no no no and I got people out
of cover so usually when I'm watching my
diet I lay off booze entirely which
really helps and then Saturday I get
crunk double-fist get crunk dude dude
dude dupa dupa do I should play Rainbow
six why that's why hey prereq
specifically Jack you should play
Rainbow six I bet you'd love it I demand
the know why I'm I'm with rich I might
like it I I don't know maybe yeah I'm
gonna have some always here yeah yeah
pretty much unavoidable beer doesn't
even get you drunk that you have to have
the good beer have the IPAs with the
high alcohol account
I don't drink anything under 9% anymore
rich would love counter-strike I don't
know if they know rich does not like
multiplayer online only games as a
general rule of thumb I'm pretty sure he
wouldn't like it how much do we think
Batman vs Superman will suck 85% oh you
know what I was gonna go 75 I'll become
a 75 to 85 75 to 85 percent suckage beer
is nothing but delicious calories that
is true that is true about beer I love
beer which is why I can't drink it all
the time because I love it it's
something I can do but so many better
things if you can ever get it there's a
couple there's a couple of beers local
brewery from MKE brewing one is called
one it's called hop monster that's one
of my favorites
hop monster great IPA comes in a tallboy
delicious Oh Mike who's oh my god hold
on Amos Corsair would like to say I just
wanted to say I love to space cop
seriously if I could fuck this blu-ray I
would on a completely unrelated topic
are there more space cop blu-rays
available I kind of broke mine great I
do believe that they're all the blu rays
are back in stock Oh cracker main
recommend sorry I think I missed you uh
cracker man says finally got my copy of
space cop and I just loved it my
favorite scene is actually a deleted
scene the one with the roll and butter
yes I I - I'm upset that that turned
into a deleted scene
how much of the movies dialogue was
improvised hard to see right I'm not
sure I know I know there was a ton of
rewrites the final space Scott product
is it was nowhere near the original
space cop product and I believe there
were they were rewriting stuff like day
of shoots but I don't know if that
counts as improv the roll and butter
scene had I seen that I would have
probably suggested they keep that in
because that's hilarious
I just googled IPA and none of the
acronyms had anything to do with alcohol
yeah thank you den bub India Pale Ale is
what an IPA is it's usually a very hoppy
just sometimes bitter beer you can find
certain ones that straight-up just taste
like gasoline and those are the best
ones cuz that usually means their
alcohol content is very high
this is XCOM one this is not XCOM - as
that does not come out until Friday rich
is warming up yeah stretching out those
XCOM muscles Jack how do you feel about
barrel aged Imperial stones I'm okay
with them I I have a problem with
heavier beers I love heavy beers like
dark stout e beers I love the only
problem is they're very filling and so
usually when I'm binge drinking on
Saturday I can't have as many of them as
I could say a lighter IPA so my only
problem is I just can't drink as many of
them I didn't tell you to drink gasoline
I told you that you know some beer
tastes like gasoline and that's the good
stuff we told you to drink cyanide
I mean we're tell I'm telling you to
drink beer which is poison
can I name all of the sections in the
city characters yes you can
okay Kari wait wait there's there's Kari
there's slutty slutty young young and
naive chased chased Hey we should just
old old old not a slutty old and not a
slutty with an honest living and then
middle-aged and slutty which one's Kari
I don't know carries the main one that's
all I know is Carrie there's Carrie
they're super slutty there's young and
not so slutty and those old and kind of
slutty that's the city what's the
appropriate amount of slutty it's I
think Carrie was the like the middle
ground of slutty well like for me the
appropriate amount of slutty is the very
slutty one yeah yeah all with all the
slutty because that's Kim Cattrall you
know let her go let her do what she do
you know I'm saying very attractive
woman Kim Cattrall yeah yes very
attractive woman
but I say I think you know in real terms
Carrie was the was the middle of slutty
ground
okay Oh Sam it was Samantha Kim Cattrall
could be what's my favorite gin hmm I
don't know if I have a favorite gin I'm
very sorry by the way there's nothing
wrong base like there's just it's a word
and there's nothing wrong with it I
don't I don't even mean that as an
insult no no it's not as a describe as a
descriptive word who would consider it
an insult someone who's not getting
those people out there would consider it
an insult
yeah well probably a lot of people jack
you know that you know that yes slut yep
that's wrong slut if I had if I had the
looks I'd be a slut
nobody wants this as
I was never able to be a slut just tried
I tried I put myself out there got a lot
of restraining orders a lot of
restraining orders that's fine you know
follow your slutty dreams absolutely
make some kind of an anti slut
you're an anti slut when I was a younger
man oh you know Robbie like 18 younger
sure
fries year I'm there was um we're
getting real here one of my friends is
really into me prereq after dark she was
really into me like very much like I
could have slept with her at any time I
wanted nice nice I never felt that way
about her oh not romantically yeah sweet
person yeah head full of rocks I I don't
think I could have had like the smartest
conversation I could have had there was
like about the last episode of felicity
well one of those CW shows you know or
Dawson's Creek or something I would have
been a miserable relational nice person
but not the same common interest she was
all over me like a couple of times where
let's erase you I just I mean I want to
but I don't feel it would be wrong your
head couldn't couldn't logic your penis
yeah such as I'd like really awkwardly
or nothing happened and try again next
time
bad gamer qurían says rich thank you for
signing my copy of space cop I'll
treasure it I really enjoyed watching my
imaginary friends trying to act but
really I enjoyed it especially the
commentary gamer Hayling I liked it
fisted buy dope smoke says fuck yeah
fuck that cyber disks fucking shit space
cop foam
hmm-what cassini I I have not I know I
know that has been discovered by some
people the the Easter egg that I put in
I don't even think they know about it
yet I haven't told no shit I didn't
position him
positions he's out of Rockets anywhere
it does matter so I haven't heard
anything that doesn't mean they don't
know what they probably don't know what
it there's some here's some strat type
stuff yeah
sometimes press a fire with a heavy has
a tendency to blow cover up okay that
alien is taking cover behind an
explosive UFO power source
nice nice if I do a suppression here it
might blow up the power source and kill
the alien nice when just regular
shooting at it won't do it will probably
this sure I'll see if it works
I'm not telling you where I put the
Easter egg or what even the Easter Egg
is did not work all that was good stress
it was a good stretch yeah it has been
found by a couple people I made sure it
was very hidden but also you know not
him hmm
I put in the Easter egg as revenge for
cutting his scenes you know listen I
only got even though I appear on screen
more than any one else in space cop I
only got one credit and I'm gonna have
to be okay with that
there's 800 Easter eggs and space got
probably half fucking ooh these guys are
showing up now I'm not nitro Inferno I'm
not telling you I'm not telling you
where I put anything has space cop
received any media write-up so far not
that I'm aware of
I haven't I have not seen any reviews or
write-ups or anything I also haven't
been looking there might have been there
might have been it's really I don't
think yeah there are there was a lot of
of a best of the worst references all
over space kappa which is great
something i didn't know he's on the
digital download of space camp you can
watch it in VHS mode I'm a little upset
because I don't know if you can do that
on the blu-ray I never checked I never
checked in video in the abyssal zone why
would you want to because the Space Camp
would be a perfect VHS movie I would
love to see space cop in VHS mode I'm a
VHS is something I'm glad is gone wait
we defeated it don't go back don't don't
go backwards we've we've won
we've won there's something special
about that square on the fuzziness would
you do I move the wrong one I move my
sniper I meant to move my I thought I
was moving my my other heavy that is
fine but I'm gonna fuck his aim up so
he'll be he'll be under control recruit
more pimps for you says if I hold a
screening of space cop in El Paso will
you guys come you know you'd have to pay
for our flights and put us up and out up
and then maybe I'd come I don't know
about these guys
VHS really sucks and so did panic and of
course it did but remember we kind of
like those things
can't wait for tomorrow got XCOM to
preloaded as soon as rich gets home he's
gonna click that preload button to make
sure it downloads the first thing it's
can't be a while before I can play
anyway it is it is gonna be a while are
you close enough I agree with that mr.
Pibbs but mr. pip says the only thing he
didn't like about the commentary is you
guys made the same like I hope people
aren't watching this because we're gonna
spoil it talk during the commentary
track and he hears that a lot on
commentary tracks but I think that's
something that people worry about I
can't imagine anyone would actually like
listen to the contrary I think I have
vocally said during commentary tracks
that anybody who would watch the
commentary before watching the movie is
insane yeah but just in case it happens
you want to warn them to watch the movie
first I guess
all right Len has a copy of space cop
Len Len received his copy of space cop
why is it gonna be a while before I can
play X Compton because work I'm gonna be
working all day the day it comes out
non-video game work yeah and the night
he comes out I want time to enjoy that
some when I got like a fine meal he'll
sky got our leaf scarf down that finally
cook filet mignon before I go to work I
don't do that we did talk I talked to
rich about streaming like the his very
first playing of X come to and he I
think rightfully declined he wants to he
this these are his games well first of
next time - yeah we talked about that a
while ago and you say hey let me just
enjoy the game and I a nice maybe hmm
and I agree no no I agree maybe just the
very early bits yeah no no it's a good
I'm gonna have to stream that getting so
I'm gonna have to stream it what next
time too
oh no we're going to die next time - but
no no let you just enjoy the game for a
little bit I think I'm not yeah I'm not
gonna do like unboxing where I play it
for the very first time on stream right
agreed but I'm not gonna wait till I
beat it
oh right right rias rich wants some
alone time with XCOM - gonna put on some
candles Barry Manilow
but I'm like a Bolton up there man I
don't think I'm gonna go with Michael
Bolton very white very white and we
can't make react to jokes anymore
because fine brothers completely back
down oh well how did that play out let's
let's let's explain the story first you
know and yeah we didn't stream on Sunday
so we couldn't I was so so the fine
brothers famous youtubers and famous for
their noun reacts to active whatever
nonreactive nouns series of videos
attempted to trademark react they
attempted to trademark reaction videos
and they already have trademarks on
react like the concept of a reaction
video for the most part is what they
kind of tried to do yes you know very
weaselly underhanded the fake smile sort
of way here no here's here's what's more
interesting about this so they already
owned trademarks on kids react to yeah
and grandparents reacts to yeah cuz that
was part of their shake you know gamers
react to kids react to grandparents
react to grand theft auto 5 right so
like they already owned trademarks and
they tried to trademark just react as a
genre and they would have gotten away
with it if they hadn't said anything
whether for you meddling kids
oh your dog too it was their own fault
because like they put in the trademark
and then the the public has 30 days to
contest the trademark yeah and so they
put it in and if they had not put out
their react world video if they had not
said anything they probably would have
been never would have held up in court
mmm it never would have held up in court
would have had it for a little bit you
know what else you'd have to say goodbye
to eventually like the The Tonight Show
another Tonight Show The Late Show or
Conan O'Brien more of course the better
I guess I guess the tonight that the
Late Show was gone it's it's it's not
just Stephen Colbert Colbert yeah but in
any case here's what's the most amazing
part is they tried to sell a react video
Partnership Program in react world you
can be part of a react community where
if you give us money we will let you
react make react videos wake up it's
great it's it's the dumbest it was the
dumbest idea pay us a monthly
subscription and we will give you the
resources and tools to make your own
react video the shame the shame of it
all the shame of it all luckily
everybody flipped out and they gave up
all of their trademarks even the kids
react trademark they gave them they gave
them all up they said okay alright weird
yeah we're not gonna we don't want to so
it's all over now
so basically it ended with it's all over
now that I gave up they're still doing
very well on YouTube I'm sure elders
react to space gap yeah it's gonna make
me sick every time I go over here and
look at this it's gonna make me sick why
did they jump up to I don't know which
no it shouldn't happen
oh yeah the react network is no longer
happening oh shit I thank ran out I
bought those pistols for nothing oh well
shit happens that's right they put out
and so after they after they got busted
trying to trademark react they put out
another video which was my favorite
video of those ever we were just like we
are so sorry that you guys didn't
understand
the assholes are gonna be good they're
gonna be assholes the asshole vast
holiest way to apologize I'm so sorry
that you're wrong there's nothing you
can do
yeah it's great it's great
I should level the net up you should you
should definitely I should definitely do
that
biggie smells just donated $2 so we
could say oh my god the finebros suck we
would have said that for free oh my god
the finebros suck the fine brothers suck
like so much
there's completely and utterly full of
shit
huge dick heads of the fine brothers
that's right even the CGP grey I'm going
to trademark the concept of a YouTube
video and then everybody who makes
YouTube video is gonna have to pay me
money but I'm also going to make a
network where people could pay me money
up front so I don't sue them later cg p
gray who normally like stays out of all
drama all the time like this even got
him out to make trademarking
stick-figure videos I love that man that
grey have I seen room or Brooklyn no I
have not seen either I don't know what a
room is I've seen V room I can only
assume you're not talking about the
broom I think no I think there's a
there's a new like RT movie called the
room sounds awful room sounds awful keep
it the fuck away from me motherfucker
fuck marry kill Jonathan Blow Neil brain
space cop well I'm an infamous narcissus
so marry space cop
and if you marry space cop he'll murder
anyone you want so I got a free oh yeah
fuck Neal Breen yeah is the best murder
Jonathan Blow he's the best at fucking
it's probably the best anal sex he's
that you've ever had he can bring he can
bring anyone to orgasm just by thinking
about them Jane got a gun you saw it the
other day and it was rather nice I mean
I like Natalie Portman I believe she's
in that thank you start talking to you
and I completely freaking forget what I
was doing in the game was I doing
you have to get there Hey whoa what I I
don't probably probably won't seen it is
the attack what I I came out her to do
something
oh well Oh Wallace unimportant room
rivals Mad Max and best films of the
year but Mad Max came out last year
somebody in the chat has noticed my head
yeah you could say it's a lot best
fullness come out in last 12 months no
sir
the distinguishing it like that year -
what do you whatever
meaningless distinction sure utterly
meaningless distinction hmm but nothing
that was my hat and it's a corner I've
to start that I've decided I I maybe
I'll start breaking out my minor league
hats yeah people were talking my Windy
City Thunderbolt happened the other day
yeah or though they talk about the
Evansville one you have in Evansville
one yeah they use their use of the Windy
City Thunderbolt yeah someone tweeted I
mean really wanting to know what that
Evans no one was
hi dog boy welcome

[Part II]
Jane got a gun you saw it the other day
and it was rather nice I mean I like
Natalie Portman I believe she's in that
thank you start talking to you
and I completely freaking forget what I
was doing in the game was I doing
you have to get there yeah well what I I
don't probably probably won't seen it is
the attack what I I came out her to do
something oh well Oh Wallace unimportant
room rivals Mad Max and best films of
the year but Mad Max came out last year
somebody in the chat has noticed my head
yeah you could say it's a lot best
fullness come out in last 12 months no
sure the distinguishing it by bit year -
what do you whatever
meaningless distinction sure utterly
meaningless distinction mmm
but nothing that was my hat and it's a
corner
I've to start that I've decided I maybe
I'll start breaking out my minor league
hats yeah people were talking my Windy
City Thunderbolt happen the other day
yeah or though they talk about the
Evansville one you have in Evansville
one yeah they use their use of the Windy
City Thunderbolt yeah someone tweeted I
mean really wanting to know what that
Evans no one was hi dog boy welcome
welcome to chat I know where they're
coming from yet I hate exalt Neal Breen
has hidden orgasms in seven major world
cities yogi the Orgazmo bomb here's the
plan
I've planted an orgasm Oh bomb in seven
of the largest banks in the city when it
goes off everyone male female otherwise
we'll be incapacitated with a massive
orgasm I can walk in and take all the
money I want what am i doing with my
life
that was a great bid what what am i
doing that was a great meal Breen bit
you got you got to go with it
rich talk baseball ready to talk
baseball
it smells fun there you go a talk
baseball what do you want me to say
about baseball yeah I mean I mention you
having to mention that I'm a nerd and
that Moneyball is a great fucking book
because it's a book about statistics
baseball statistics riches convincing me
to read Moneyball
it sounds great okay you know that is
stand-up time a stand-up time we've been
sitting for an hour we've been sitting
for an hour rich stand-up yeah you know
what why not do it that make you feel
better it's time to stand up everybody
we were standing up now
oh yeah oh yeah standing that was some
sweet standing action everybody way to
go way to go everybody I'm very glad to
see you did not take over my game and
get everybody killed I didn't have the
time I would have I would have said up
thank you yeah no it's good everybody
can't wait to use my fucking alloy
cannon it's good to stand up start of
the next hour all right
I can't wait to shoot something in the
face of my la cannon I have a recon I
don't know what that means
well you have what we hope wheelchair
shaming obviously chair then other
people have to like get you out of the
chair a movie around or else you'll get
sores and die so you have to stand up
even if you're in a wheelchair
yeah just somebody has to do it for you
embarassingly
much to your much to your shame because
you're in a lousy wheelchair oh that's
that's uh that's inconsistent a the
truth hurts consider truth fucking hurts
cripple bless our drunken cripples
wasting public resources you can't walk
what I can't park because you can't walk
what the fuck are you driving if you
can't walk for you goddamn cripple
that's what I say don't rub
ah and out of out of all the things you
just said vote Trump might have been the
worst bless our drugs says rich sorry if
you've answered this before but what are
your thoughts on the long war mod I've
never felt the need to play it I like
vanilla XCOM just fine I've read about
some of the changes and I don't like the
fact that they there I'm there they
expanded you can use eight people and it
it just looks like they fucking made a
mess out of the skill tree okay so I
never really had a serious interest in
trying long war mod hmm okay this is a
nice focus skill tree you and this would
add me they get a look like this before
branching pass you can possibly take
every class they had it sounds like a
mess this is this is clean and elegant
okay cool
I would like to sign oh they made like
like jets and shooting down UFOs more
complicated I'm interested seeing that
it's just I never played it because I
some of the other changes they made of
second sound good alright oh all right
he's the last one that's why let's see
here rich reads Stardust says by dark
dreams don't die with this play it if
you want it'll take three hours dark
dreams don't die okay I will write that
down
rich reads Stardust and we will put that
money towards dark dreams don't die what
if they do
what if dark dreams that were you to
tell dark dreams what to do yeah I
suppose you're right
you know on rich I'm sorry you're right
I'm absolutely right always you're
absolutely always right all the time one
hundred percent dark dreams don't die
they get even they even okay I got it
thank you rich reads star dust d4 is a
gem oh good we will do it then yeah no
one I've seen I see a couple of you or
maybe it's just one person like tweeting
around that link of just like I don't I
don't know if you've seen like the weird
like Trump loves his daughter so much
stuff yeah Trump not political Trump is
an egomaniac that is something that you
can say without mentioning any politics
I don't I don't I don't think you have
to be left or right to realize the man
should not be in charge of our country
this isn't a right-left thing this is
the the man is he's either some kind of
fraud playing a game which i think is
possible or completely unfit to be the
President of the United States
Republican Democrat whatever I don't
give a fuck
III think he he got in it so he could
sell some books and you know get his
Trump name out there a little bit more
and things got a little carried away and
now he's here but there are many clips
of him talking about his daughter and
how attractive she is he saying these
things and it's weird okay like in a
creepy way it's it's slightly creepy but
he's an egomaniac and so like of course
everything that's his is the best even
his daughter's the hottest that's what
he would think of course cuz he's a
crazy egomaniac
he's Trump's a little out there I really
think he he didn't get in as a joke many
people believe that even if you can make
it to a couple debates you're good for
book deals for life you know which is
true like that's how you make a name for
yourself and so you know he was like
okay I'll get into a couple debates then
I'll go on book tours I'll I get
speaking arrangements maybe I can become
a Fox News commentator you know he was
thinking long term plans and I think it
got a little carried away
I think people got a little I don't know
caught up in his crazy I don't know yeah
are you saying Trump is the Neil
bringing of presidential candidates YES
on all accounts in his head he's the
best he's the best there ever was
my graph
fuck America right I know it's crazy
but did we see Trump's ball sack no and
that's what makes him the lesser of the
Breen's until he's lying face down naked
in a pool he will always be the lesser
of the Breen's Trump bream Donald Neale
Donald Neal Trump bream that sounds like
a chemical concoction I think it is a
chemical concoction
oh no I've spilled the Donald Neal Trump
bream okay it's right here you're really
giving it your all to make them you're
giving it your all and I could
appreciate what I was waiting for a
little something I can appreciate that
like I'm playing XCOM I have nothing to
give that's all right we rich and I
really do stay away from politics which
is why we're it's okay that we talk
about Trump yeah because it's not really
politics this is politician it's a
circus he's a joke he's not a politician
so it's okay we we won't get into actual
serious political talk rich Rick and
Jake 2016 absolutely
am I ever gonna play lovely planet again
I don't know I think I kind of exhausted
that one it's a fun one which one was it
I don't know if you played that one did
I have you play that one though the
really weird platforming first-person
shooter where you have a bow and arrow
that shoots hearts no you need to play
it because it is bizarre as fuck it
sounds dreadful it's bizarre as fuck but
it
I laid it it was a Jack Soloff stream
and I want to say it was like a
late-night Jack solo stream and it it
drove me to madness a little bit it was
great
but
I don't know anything about the Canadian
election system there they got loonies
and toonies I got loonies and toonies
for their money I know some people are
real I just met they have loonies and
toonies like in the country yeah yeah I
know they got a new prime minister and
some people are really happy about them
and some people are not really happy
about it
could you imagine no no no I cannot I'm
incapable of imagining alright the thing
which you have asked me to imagine is
beyond my imagining capacity No well
then go he's a politician and some
people who agree with his policies
really like him and other people who
don't agree with his policies don't like
him my family in Canada and he the Prime
Minister is liberal and they're very
conservative people so they don't like
him right
oh my guess that was that your guy no
anyway anyway within has an organization
called exalts okay and they're working
with the aliens for some kind of
personal gain really nice except these
missions get really boring as you're
fighting just instead of these unique
looking amazing aliens you just fight
these boring guys over and over again
and these missions are just tedious and
slow-paced oh I'm sorry I I think they
just messed that one up it could have
been neat Oh Big E smells sorry I mr.
big E's smelling yourself I like that I
missed your tip sorry about that uh says
Independence Day too will be the Citizen
Kane of alien invasion movies and Trump
will win the 2020 election with Kanye
West as his running pace
this is idiocracy coming to pass there's
a ticket I can believe in I mean we do
get a little closer every day they had a
bit closer every day
Independence Day - yeah I mean I think
I'm in a I'm in I believe I'm gonna
small minority of people who enjoyed
Independence Day I know that was some
fine some fine shelach he did the
concept of giant spaceships coming to
earth better in the 80s in the early 80s
the better characters more interesting
story showed and without a bunch of dumb
explosions if someone's not familiar
with the original V miniseries Oh fuckin
fucking great yeah but like you said it
was it had boring story and no
explosions I hate you who cares about
depth full characters was Will Smith in
it then it doesn't fucking matter
welcome to earth
hmmm I think I I think there's a place
in the world for your v's and your
independence days I'm only interested in
two V's a girl majors in the B side I
know was v's the one he wasn't the one
with like the detectives and one was an
alien and woz was a human what was that
that was alien nation which is also
quality least a TV show I don't remember
the movie very well Alien Nation I
remember I remember scene like I
remember seeing that show original V not
the not the remake no not the remake I
haven't seen the remake I can't speak to
its quality but I heard there was like
kung fu and I'm like oh they don't get
it yeah alienation was awesome I
remember really enjoying alienation I
don't remember anything specific about
it just enjoying it
yeah if he was the one where the aliens
were like Nazi parallels can I came over
and they posed as our as friends the
visitors but secretly they were doing
horrible things doing this it's much
much like modern day America they
vilified science so they can get away
with their own agendas about scientists
proving things wrong finding the truth
MacNab ins I am watching the expanse
basically basically envy the aliens came
and they said you know global warming is
a lie yeah yeah no don't look into
global warming it's definitely alive
this giant laser cannon technology will
never come to pass just stop trying to
build a lot giant laser cannon that's
weird
I really enjoyed the expanse yes aimless
Corsair would like to donate to say I
think this Trump stuff is exciting it's
like a post-apocalyptic action sci-fi
film and we get to live in it oh we are
we get to live through the prologue do
you really want to live as long as we're
out of it before the actual apocalypse
starts we're the pre post apocalypse
right now but the expanse I think it's
very good I've talked about it before
where I think the acting is pretty
subpar and the story are and that the
characters are a little cheesy but the
story is so compelling that I really
really like it there's a there's like a
part military thing there's a little
detective story it's it's a really neat
show the expanse really great story and
my wife Lisa read the book it's based
off of a book and she said the book is
also very good if you are into sci-fi
novels nepal's
the vols why are you saying the halls
why because I'm waiting for someone in
the chat to spark something for me to
talk about
it's gotten a little political in the
chat you know what you're adults you
should be you should be adults it's okay
to talk you should be able to talk
politics without screaming at each other
yeah and and keep a civil tone everybody
Leon yes I'm married she's been on it
well she while ago she did a board game
stream with us it's very easy criticize
credit no no no about the politics thank
you very criticai ideas not people and
then you can avoid mean-spiritedness
that's true criticize the idea not the
man yes it's okay to have disagreement
yes as long as you do it's civilly well
I think you're wrong
here here is some reasons why I think
you're wrong and then you let them speak
a little bit and then you speak a little
bit it's great it's great
somebody shove a rocket up their ass cuz
I don't feel like fucking around with
these dweebs wait jack are you married
do you have two delightful children as
well I you know they're not delightful
all the time but but yes they're saying
that not realizing that you have two
delightful children I do have two
delightful children yes I'm married with
children it's an institution that you
can disparage ask your local gentry and
hotel you I don't get here I'm fuckin up
and I'll tell you that it's Elementary
right right no it's great hi fuck I'm
doing great you're doing great you're
doing great
try try try to separate them it's an
early
you welcome the confident didn't didn't
do this conclusion well fan marriage
love a marriage I think we've we've all
learned that the only thing I could sing
is duck tales is like a hurricane here
in Duckburg it's a duck blur might solve
a mystery or rewrite history ducktales
woo every day they're out there having
duck tales movie tales of derring-do
good and bad Muppet food do you know
that the enemy within expansion is
non-canon an ex-con - I don't give a
shit he doesn't give us apparently the
ending the good ending of XCOM isn't
canon either if you win an ex-con yeah
you know what I have not seen the new
x-files rich ever using the noise don't
fuss I'm I I don't plan on watching the
new x-files I have been disappointed by
the remakes of shows that I really loved
and I don't want to be disappointed
anymore I never I never let myself get
too and I mean I watched the occasional
episode and really enjoyed it
for the x-files but I never let myself
get engrossed into the mythology of the
show yeah because I knew that that shit
was never gonna get resolved No so
there's no point in getting invested in
it there were some fun episodes though
yeah some fun episodes of x-files I I
really enjoyed x-files
I I do I now wanna I want to hold on to
that I want to hold on to my love of
that show which I'm sure is not as good
as I remember so I'm gonna hold on to
that and I don't want this is this is
why in the zone is a great skill
this is the sniper she's just taking the
shots all on her own that's great what
kind of gun is that - look at that scope
yeah it's a it's a plasma rifle that we
reverse engineered from alien technology
nice nice you know everyone says I won't
be disappointed I like looking back on
it I was overall I think I'm
disappointed in Ashe versus the evil
dead no no I owe the part of me that
just wanted another movie yeah
really wishes that it had you know an
ending but they they have to go into
another season I was happy with it I
thought it was great started great yes
it's so it's a great sagged but then the
last two or three episodes great fucking
great it ended strong ended real strong
overall I'm a little disappointed I was
I was very disappointed with the wet hot
show the white hat American summer show
I didn't much care for the Arrested
Development Netflix show so anything you
do like negative you- mini- melee mini I
said mini you're a negative mini and
it's not even that I disliked him I was
just disappointed I don't even know if
that's the same thing or if I can you
know what brand of wax do I use on my
bald head none it's still that shiny who
do hide who do ID it's just you know
like ash versus evil that just it wasn't
it wasn't the same it wasn't it wasn't
one the same and what hot just wasn't as
good all it was was referencing the
movie every joke was just a reference to
the movie where the movie was just jokes
I'm a negative now Nene chickabee
nenè chickabee
remember now this is didn't L nobody I
know your friend took me a second I know
what you're referring you now but I've
never seen it that's a reference no one
the piano no was that movie just called
me I know she was also the piano I'm
getting my Jodie Foster movies crossed
apparently she played the girl who
couldn't talk Nene chicken Bay now
the chat is requesting I hit you and I'm
I'm seriously considered taking them up
on that that was my bad and Helen Helen
Hunt was the piano by the way Oh was it
I think that's what they're saying you
sure that's Auster I don't know whoa I'm
very sorry and you know what thinking
about Nell just made me laugh playing in
a river naked just come I say Nang I
check the back to my house I'm very
sorry everybody
unprofessional hmm I don't know oh
you're right sorry it's Holly Hunter in
the piano Holly Hunter kind of a shorty
foster Oh very sorry okay we're here
we're back now that wasn't all work and
no play moment that that was I don't
know I was just remembering scenes from
now and I found them to be incredibly
amusing in my in my brain whoa what no
rich is playing he's not he's not
listening to any of my nail covers now
which is right
no one should listen to mine I think
they are they glad or mad I'm not
listening they're glad they're happy
okay I just for some reason just Nene
chickabee I remember that
oh shit wait oh no no I'm fine I'm fine
okay good
maybe yeah maybe yeah great you know
what that's great I almost picked the
wrong car to take cover mine sure you
know something I came across the other
day home and I was I'm gonna I'm gonna
tweet it out later I came across a
really fun little game maker
it's called dungeon decorator and it's
this little like two bit game maker
that's all in browser you can make your
own game mm-hmm like it's like a little
platforming game and you know you can
design it you can put keys and locks and
make little puzzles in the game it looks
adorable I've been playing around with
it a little bit and and it finally it
finally came out called dungeon
decorator if you guys want to kill some
time and make a game it looks really fun
that's all I have that's all I have it's
more than I have great that's great all
right
two-bit Ian I want it I want to say it's
like two-bit it has two colors to it it
has like the character color and the
background color that's it looks really
adorable and I was hoping to play around
with it maybe that's something we can
stream we can make a game on stream
it'll be great Timmy I wanna be terribly
it one it would be terrible terrible -
it would be great
No no leftover beefcake one it would be
terrible - it would be terrible would be
great terrible leftover beefcake I'm not
gonna I'm not gonna comment on that but
I got something in the works I got
something right up in the works rich
doesn't even know about it yet I'm gonna
tell him later it's gonna be great it's
gonna be great
what happened to me I want space got
more than the force awakens I guess I
have tased whoa
force awakens it's fine it's fine it's
fine space cop it's good movie why not
both though you don't have to do you
have both no they're not available
I've got three people in psychic testing
hey Jack how do you deal with Donald
Trump type people when you see them
every day there's around 300 of them
where are these people I don't know I
don't know anybody in their room that's
like a trump ID I've had long talks with
very conservative people and they don't
like Trump either but you know I mean
the best way to deal with them is to
turn around and walk away
he's just do you cannot engage with them
you know what else is just kind of weird
who cannot engage with them what like
I'm gonna bring this up I don't I'm not
trying to start a whole religious thing
but there is a weird thing that is kind
of happening in my life and I don't know
how it's happened because I didn't seek
it out right now he's not gonna serve a
religious thing no not really it's just
it's a it's a statistics thing it's it's
a statistics thing that involves your
religion like this country 80% of this
country is like a believer right I think
I I think I think this statistic is 80%
of the country has Christian leanings or
it's like with I think with a cup of
backgrounds with very few exceptions I
think most people I know are
non-believers though yeah that could
just be I it's not like something I
selected for mmm and I give a shit what
my friends believe I really don't yeah
yet nobody I know for the moat with a
few exceptions is it a believer in
anything really no that's fine weird the
country 80% religion where are they I
don't see them well but I think that
like that includes people who were just
baptized but never go to church or you
know like people who do this yeah I
think there's I think there's a lot of
non practicers out there if they're in
your school you
you have to ignore them there's no if
they're in your school that means you're
forced to go to school that means you're
under 18 which means you can't do shit
be quiet keep your head down don't talk
politics with anyone especially if it's
in your own house because if you're
under 18 your parents going to do some
weird stuff to you stay quiet do your
own thing and be civil be civil to them
hopefully they'll be civil to you back
that's all you can hope for civil
everybody be civil
what I've been to the South have you
been to the South the stereotypes are
not grossly exaggerated in certain
places have you ever been to the South
closest I've come the st. Louis okay
should not really okay
I've been to the South some of it is
very weird some of it is not be
excellent to each other that's right mr.
blank that's all you can do is be
excellent to each other hate each other
and be suspicious
everybody's motives so treat everyone
around you the way you would like to be
treated
treat treat everyone around you as if
they're looking for some way to screw
you over because they are they might be
they might be looking to screw you over
but that's okay be excellent to one
another
have you have I seen an indie game the
movie where Jonathan Blow gets really
emo because Soulja Boy doesn't think
braid is deep you know what I Sai have
seen indie game the movie it's been a
long time though I didn't even know
Jonathan Blow was in that I just thought
that was a Edmund and the guy who did Oh
what's the UH
the answer is I don't know wait what's
the other game where did Fez the guy who
did Fez and Edmund I thought they were
the only two in India in the movie it's
been a while since I've seen it so but
you know so goes Soulja Boy so goes the
world that's what they say that's a
saying that they say what the fuck are
you talking about what the fuck I know
hearing words usually words mean things
why didn't work stop meeting things
Soulja Boy's dude do not know who Soulja
Boy is no he was a flash in the pan pop
hip hop hip our pod artists how a hip
harpist a hip hop artist he had he had
one hit that was like big on YouTube and
it's olds relatively well and then after
that and absolutely nothing happened to
him a famous line in in his song was
Superman the whole you got a Superman
that ho
knew who he had like one song everyone
was very curious on what super Manning
the ho was like what sort of sex act
would it be - Superman someone they came
up with a couple interesting conclusions
that's when your your semen shoots her
through the roof of the building you're
in uh-huh
right that could be well you know what
some people theorize that that was you
know kind of like doing a reverse like a
reverse plank on earth so your arms and
legs would be up in the air right some
people said it was ejaculating on her
back and throwing a sheet on it so it's
stick like a cape there was all sorts of
things
what what's super Manning the hole would
be why would you want to do that because
these are all made-up things that don't
really happen cuz it's funny to say my
the only one who respects women you're
the only one am I you're the only one
you're talking about coming out of
woman's back so you can stick a sheet
back there and then watch it watch it
run around and I'm talking about how he
refused to have sex with a woman when I
was 18 because I respected her too much
to use her that's what my conversation
went tonight so are you saying you
didn't Superman the whole I'm doing that
Superman know that what I'm saying to
Superman that is to undress in a phone
booth oh that could be or snapping her
neck at the moment of climax that would
be man of stealing the whole ever said
that I was a good one I know a man of
stealing the hose on you you have sex
after a funeral for somebody who's been
cremated and you you're making out while
you're dumping their ashes on your heads
that's man of stealing the home you have
to violently make love while knocking
down everything in her bedroom that's
great
that is great I did not Superman that ho
it's my best Bill Clinton it's been a
while since I've heard Bill Clinton's
bit yeah
I like that Congrats guys you invented a
new sex act the Man of Steel Mac it all
down
okay
okay this is all great you're right now
this is podracing so what's going on in
your mission here what's happening um I
this is what special mission okay
there's this UFO I have to get over here
and rescue some people who've been
abducted before the execution time love
it he runs out which is that amount of
turns might have turn to scratch I'm
more going to make it it's gonna be it's
gonna be fine this cake this missions
cake okay seems far away 4:11 turns
maybe it's maybe it's because I've done
too good and my equipments too good at
this point in the game from where they
maybe expect people to be I don't know
you have done dead in this game you've
rescued a lot of people you've done very
good thank you thank you I think you've
also done Wow that Ingrid might hit me
again am I supposed to I don't know I
don't feel like it I just don't have I
just don't have the energy for that shit
I just I just don't have the energy to
bother ya why doesn't rich use hotkeys
because because I don't have my special
mouse and my hotkeys are all programmed
to be on my special Mouse we're using
the mouse yeah yeah but I totally have
hotkeys that's right Superman does good
we're doing well that's how you know the
difference thank you 30 rock
rich calls that his special mouse he
does he has I mean he has a gaming mouse
yeah it's got tons of options for
adjusting the sensitivity it's got four
buttons on the side three buttons kind
of on the top left the mouse we have
here it's got two buttons yep
maybe three maybe you can click down in
the scroll wheel but why doesn't rich
bring his nice mouse here hey you didn't
know we're gonna play it I didn't think
- yeah it's fine it's fine I just don't
get my hotkeys and everything the world
will go on you can still do everything
in the game without his hat keys why has
no one built a moon base
mostly because getting there and back is
not financially feasible at the moment
it would cost a lot not only to build it
would be insanely inspect expensive but
then you have to keep it stocked yeah
and what are you doing there what's the
purpose are we mining for moon rocks
that there's so far there's no resource
on the moon that's the problem with
space exploration that we need to solve
because we can't be stuck on this rock
forever right we have a time limit it's
a few billion year time limit really
yeah they see can you guys can you guys
not hear game sound it's fine it's fine
okay great the Sun going Nova is one
thing but I think I've actually heard
them there's gonna be an issue with like
the oxygen and like 500 million years oh
okay cuz our breathing's gonna outpace
like the plants making oxygen and I
heard I've heard I don't know if it's
true that is going to be a thing in 500
million years okay well there you go so
we have to find a way off this rock
before 500 million years have gone by
and the best way to do that is to find
something very very valuable that's just
out of reach asteroids asteroids maybe
well the asteroids are supposed to be
insanely expensive I mean that expensive
lucrative yeah lots of valuable minerals
that are relatively easy to get at
what's that European space a
Chansey doing on that asteroid yeah what
are they are they poking around they're
looking for precious metals tell us what
you got tell us what you got
yes say yes you I don't know what it's
called I got that uh is that guy still
up
there's helium-3 that you can mined on
the moon and that's valuable Oh helium-3
is super plentiful on the moon and makes
a great energy source of em all right
now we're talking
now we're talking isn't Jupiter
basically entirely helium-3 Oh even
better yeah as soon as we start mining
on the moon China's gonna send one to
Jupiter it's gonna be great
see this is what we need though we need
we need incentive we need incentive to
get people to pay to go out there
Dino's but you're not an asshole for not
caring about something that's gonna
happen after you're dead like and you
know like I don't I won't care either
you're just practical you know like I
care like a couple generations after me
you know like I'll carry you know after
I'm dead oh my kids gotta live it I
might know my grandkids so it's like
I'll care about them but after that
fucking yeah five hundred million years
I have fucking nothing I can do with it
so you're gonna have six hundred million
dollars but in 1,000 years everybody in
North America dies well that would
include my family so now obviously in in
in I'm sorry in in like ten thousand
years from now everybody in North
America just dice I would be responsible
he would be responsible for killing
however many people would be in North
America at that point in time but they
all just died in ten thousand years in
ten thousand ten thousand years so right
now I get six hundred million dollars
and somehow that causes the death of
everyone on earth yes
Wow that's a good one wrench I like that
thank you thank you I like that one I
would not do it no no okay what is the
time limit because you said there's a
time limit that you don't you stop
caring at some point what is that time
woman I'm very curious
well that's see that's not a time line
because like I am directly murdering a
bunch of people I am sure so there's no
time look around that oh my god oh he's
on the roof
careful rich why he's on the roof
he's strategically advanced huh so you
have to be very yeah yeah yeah I know
I'm not listening what you say it all
because it's just that's stupid it's
just stupid what you've said is
absolutely moronic yeah let's see
killing a bunch of people is different
from them dying like from in action or
their own in action or Mayan action you
know where it's just like oh you know
right now I'm driving a car and that's
gonna raise pollutants and that might
kill people you know there's no direct
but if you're saying like I get this
money and all these people died yeah
there's a direct correlation not gonna
happen
I won't do that in 4 million 4 million
years or any money of years doesn't
matter doesn't matter three people in
10,000 years I got a high this way I
work Jack I have to find the border the
limit what is the limit what is the
limit and I can't choose what three
people no just you wouldn't know who be
around in in 10,000 years anyway ten
thousand years three people died but I
get six hundred million actually I can I
hurt you oh the plot twist with a for
The Twilight Zone
you know like like immortality would be
invented and three people would be like
you and your family no not me it would
just be even my family right oh yeah
yeah and you do do do do do can i well
that'd be the real question is like if I
could pick the three people you pick
three real dickheads murderers rapists
yes
no you can't pick him because that's the
twist $600,000,000 let me ask what is it
where's the chat doing huh what does the
chat saying about this this is the
dumbest thing they've ever heard and
they want us to talk about something
else no I think they're into it this is
yeah the talking they're saying these
are Twilight Zone plots who cares about
people 10,000 years from now exactly but
you are killing them directly yes would
he's might here's my question and I
don't know if this will sway me would
anyone know that me or my mind lineage
there been no link
there'd be no link Oh so I'd get away me
and my lineage your legacy would be fine
random man suddenly gets six hundred
million dollars and it's like here's
where my brain goes right so three
people died yeah but with six hundred
million dollars we could save a lot a
lot that's all right see that see now
you'reyou're going that route which is
interesting that's interesting I'm not
making a decision yet I'm just like we
could we could use that money to build
up infrastructure in rural Africa yeah
saving countless lives your clean water
initiatives food or you can buy like the
world's largest virtual reality machine
I don't know yes a super oculus rift I
could buy a super oculus rift with a
with a with a mega processing computer
liquid gin liquid nitrogen cooled I'd be
able to gain forever but the needs of
the many right oxygen that's the real
thing if I could if I could you know for
three and six hundred million I would
say yes I would do that in the hopes of
that money helping more people than that
would
three months later Jack loses it all
gambling it's worth it
I had a good feeling about Gatling
galloping gertie
didn't pan out I was hoping if I could
double that six hundred million that I
could help even more people as it turns
out I could not but the coke hookers and
pony races were worth it I feel
fantastic help exactly you're an you're
right Oliver Jimmy as long as I save
four people's life I'm even well you're
ahead I'm a heaven I'm ahead save four
people's life by four people a sandwich
I'm done those people would have starved
without that sandwich so what would what
would Picard do that that's exactly what
I was thinking and and Picard would
favor the needs of the many over the
needs of the few I don't know about that
I don't know that I agree with that
you don't think no six hundred million
dollars could help so many people I
think Rob would say something well it's
not our place to pick and choose who
lives and dies that's what I think
Picard would do and I would say Picard
apparently it is because someone is
giving me this choice someone is giving
me this choice six hundred million $1
hookers I could I could have that many
one dollar okay oh that's right and
there is no money in next gen future he
wouldn't care yeah yeah he wouldn't care
about that well what have you just had
that make the ethical choice where you
can you can save you know X number of
people now but then so many people other
people will die you do something with
that you just take the money out of the
equation well that we've we've had this
before right with the getting rid of the
the the Wesley Crusher episode get in
making
people get off of the planet right
because this planet of a different thing
well he was relocating people I'm trying
to find it the best example again from
Canon and that was a clear needs of the
many outweigh the needs of the few I lie
to these fuckers up here son of a bitch
pain in my ass
is that true 19.1 million was the
Environmental Protection Agency's budget
in 2010 7.9 million was the Food and
Drug Administration's budget into in
2010 sounds sounds like sounds like
reasonable numbers so with 600 million
we could do a whole lot of good we could
do a whole lot of good a lot of hungry
people out there a lot of people who
need some help insurrection Jackie
insurrection doesn't count can you get
six hundred million dollars but then
three people die tomorrow but you can do
a lot of good with that money Jack I
know do a lot to go with that money
yeah is the argument still a whole water
hour now we're getting into the button
territory that's the right that was the
whole like finding the borders yeah they
died tomorrow huh mm-hmm
so that could be people I know that
could be me yeah could be well you you
and your family are exempt you and your
family are exempt you get that safety
net I'm not but my odds are still pretty
good I don't even you want blue pee
somebody fixed TV
no it's turn-based game we're fine it's
fine oh I have Mind Control now at least
I will I have a choice between mind
controlling an alien or I could put up
the shield around me but no mind control
bitch right start and now they're saying
start taking money out of the equation
and see how little jack will kill for
you get you get five billion dollars but
one of our fans dies you get to pick the
fan Oh
I don't know I I think if it was
tomorrow like three people died tomorrow
my family is exempt even if my family is
not exempt I would think about it I
definitely would I might I might do it
just for all the good it could do with
the with the explicit understanding that
like all that money goes to doing good
in the world you know you don't get to
keep a small stipend for yourself we're
talking about five billion dollars well
I'd keep enough to live like I'm still I
wouldn't I wouldn't like buy a mansion
or anything
don't give Jack a reason to want five
billion dollars right why was space cop
so boring somebody else does what else
the early in beginning of the stream
space cop was the funniest movie I've
ever seen I didn't I don't know what to
think you know movies are art and art is
subjective and if you didn't much care
for it and we're fine with that some
people won't like it if you enjoy the
movie everything's warm and fuzzy and
I'm very glad you enjoyed it if you did
enjoy the movie I'm sorry yeah it
happens I don't know if I've told this
story I think I've told this to rich I
had a screening of space cop before it
came out some people I know and there's
one person who loved it intensely and
and and that person is the only person I
cared about watching it in the first yes
they were laughing along with with all
the jokes everyone else in the room was
dead quiet the entire time I think it
take you need a very specific sense of
humor here but I really liked it
I'm going to make a space cock XCOM to
soldier absolutely making an
entertaining film is hard making it than
any film is harking even a boring film
is hard making movies is really hard and
one thing that Jay and Mike talk about
pretty consistently is there is a big
difference between making a movie and
criticizing a movie and you have to be
okay with both of those worlds so if you
feel like criticizing it you are well
within your right to criticize space cop
I think it's unfair to think that you
know like it'll be a perfect movie
because Jay and Mike are critics because
making a movie is very different than
criticizing a movie
you love to the synth soundtrack check
out that Marty minors good friend of
mine that Marty minors a hell of a
musician like I'm glad I could get him
involved in this Marty minors did the
score for Space Camp
oh my he's also done he's done some
video game work guys he's a good
composer will there be a space cop to
galactic Boogaloo
probably not probably not
not yet there's no time to stand up yet
we have 4 minutes and 51 seconds before
it's time to stand up again I mean if
you want to stand up now you go ahead
and stand up now I did the wrong thing
oh don't do the wrong thing did the
wrong very wrong thing but
will there be will there be future space
competitions that pointlessly change and
add things no space cop deluxe edition
space cop extra mustard there's
something I pushed for but it's not
going to happen because I see how long
it took to edit the movie and it would
just be way too fucking hard to do hmm I
kept I kept pushing to have an outtake
cut of the movie where we used every
every scene we just used the worst
possible take we had I love it yeah so
every every every every line where there
was a flub is like that's the line you
use I like it but you see how long it
took to edit the movie as it was will
give the footage to someone else and
have them at at the flubs put it out for
free as marketing material for the real
movie do you like all the flubs now
watch the movie I like it just that easy
I'll take it'll be great really funny
Jack do you still think Sonic is a bad
game yes see and I never went as far as
the same as bad I have issues with it I
have issues with it I think when you
sell the game on like speed and going
really fast and then you make the level
design is all labyrinth which there's
nothing inherently wrong with having
multiple branching paths but it's not
conductive to going fast when you're
constantly stopping and thinking oh
which way should I go and I don't know
why you're dead center in the screen so
when you're running you can't see in
front of you and react to anything when
you're moving fast yep other than that I
think there there are ways to improve on
the Sonic game and I think games have
improved on it already
I've now built my own mini flying saucer
oh my god that's great yeah
rich you have played darkest dungeon
right a little bit we playing in our
stream I remember being a little bored
by its concept centered underneath I
don't like the combat hmm someone was
asking about it
modern heed concepts in it though nice I
feel like the whole factor of sonic
speed is to reward experienced and
skilled players I know that's several
warning skill it's rewarding
memorization that right there if you
memorize the levels you can do it but
that is not skill that is not skill oh I
forgot about this space camo says if I
get six hundred million dollars the
first thing I would do is spend $2,000
to get a Don Wilson stream if you win
600 million dollars the price is going
up well I'm you know grab my penis well
grab my whatever the last part of your
name is I'm sorry that you didn't enjoy
it it's not for everybody
it's space captain you know making a
movie and criticizing a movie are two
very different things and it's okay if
you didn't like it
it's okay if you are critical of the
movie nothing we can do about that I
enjoyed it I love you rich but your mic
is super loud in between in between in
between what I ivan mage says no please
for god make an outtake cut i've had
friends who made movies do an outtake
cut fucking fantastic you would probably
have to give jail
money to do this I understand up
couldn't come up with a joke fast enough
Oh time to stand up time to stand I know
I should but I don't want to because
you're telling me I need to meet and I
find that I find that offensive and
insulting and I kind of hate it but I'm
gonna do it anyway just because I know
it's good for my back probably top
experts say that this is good for you
you don't need to it's just a good idea
if we listen to science the rich is
burping now what Stan we're standing up
now I was putting Vader alright alright
Vader was usually because it was the
reason I've been trying to do this is
because a lot of times I forget to set
my alarm and so well you know we'll go
three four hours of a stream and I won't
stand up yeah and I feel like absolute
garbage at the end of the night
my legs my legs that feel like garbage
so I've started I've started a little
timer to make sure that if we go an hour
without standing up we do it's good for
everybody everybody loves it your neck
your back your post the end your crack
you're right that's a great song what
what it's a song by a female rapper my
neck my back lick my pussy and my crack
neck Bob that song from a female rapper
yeah I hate myself and I hope I'm raped
I don't think that that's a female
rapper thing I actually moron know
rappers hate women I honestly didn't get
that rappers hate women a lot of rappers
are very disrespectful towards women
that is true co-workers just lately
listen the song was like I hate those
holes I'm gonna fuck them on put them in
their place and she was like can you
please note listen about like like
directly in front of me that comes on
please yeah I love bad bitches that's my
fucking problem yeah I'd like to fuck I
got a fucking problem I love bad bitches
that's a fucking problem but a lot of
rappers are are disrespectful towards
women but I think it comes from an
artistic place I think a lot of it comes
from from inadequacies and sexual
frustration sure sure sure they're
playing characters kind of and so you
know their characters just like oh fuck
all the women all the time but on the
inside they're just like nobody likes me
oh breaking ships
I'm pretty sure disrespecting news
disrespecting women has been the primary
theme of music for the past 100 years
some I think you know like if you look
at like like 50s and 60s music it was
all it was it was not necessarily
disrespectful towards women it was just
like we're two women at my baby needs to
come come back to me but Oh run around
sue yeah yeah yeah little story about a
gal I knew dumped uh I forget that oh I
used to I used to know that something
backwards before that was a staple when
I was a wedding DJ you'd always play
runaround sue early in the night yeah
cuz the the grandparents like the dance
to that one I keep away from a runaround
zoo oh hey hey whoa well that and um
you know you play shaking ah SH twist
and shout by the Beatles
what what I think I was I was for a long
time for a few years I was a wedding DJ
in and just after high school it was it
was a it was an amazing job there's
nothing shocking about that at all that
I was a wedding DJ yeah yeah lots of
people are wedding DJs it's it was great
it was a great job I I except for except
for the hours you know cuz you only
worked Friday and Saturday nights and so
but it was fine for me because I didn't
have friends or social life so I guess I
got to be the center of attention for a
little bit you get pretty good at it
after after a couple years it got really
monotonous everybody like wants the idea
that their wedding is you know very
special did you I don't remember buying
one of these
oh it's from never mind I know where
that came from okay I stunned one of
those elite Bhutan mutants usually I
usually I have these built before I run
into them but mmm apparently this game
that's a weird exception okay so
everyone likes to think that their
wedding is very special but there's a
formula and when you're a wedding DJ you
know the formula you know exactly what
you're playing you take requests but
they'd never never happen and most of
the time the only thing people requests
is stuff that you were already going to
play oh yeah no definitely get to your
request you have this little like um you
have this little like worksheet that the
bride and groom fill out there was we
had a special orientation for bride and
groom's we're too haven't fill out of
working what song do you need the deejay
to play what song would do you never
want the deejay to play stuff like that
right like what kind of people are gonna
be at your wedding and basically it was
less of a worksheet and more of a
training program for the bride and groom
because here's the really important
thing and this is for anyone who's about
to be married or was about to be part of
a wedding the most important thing to
get people to dance at you
wedding is the bride and groom dancing
everyone wants to be near the bride and
groom at the wedding the more you are
out there dancing the more they will be
oh cool jacket now tell me this in this
game yeah
does armor do anything different or your
stats are your stats no matter what
you're wearing
oh yeah well there's this jacket is
nothing because he's being sent in a
covert operation okay so that's just a
normal jacket it's cool jacket yeah yeah
but he's got like next to no health
because he's wearing that oh and put an
extra vest I mean there actually has a
previous loadout nice there's different
tiers of armor and each tier has like
several cosmetic things you can do to it
okay there's the normal starting soldier
uniforms yes different varieties of that
you can change but those are just
cosmetic and then there's the the
secondary alloy armor and there's
cosmetic changes for that shit and
finally you get the power armor which is
what I'm rocking now with most of my
troops okay so so like there's different
armor which have different stats and
each of those different armors you can
also change the look that yeah look or
call it yes yes cool and then this is
nothing because he's not a covert
operation that is really it's just a
jacket cool because I keep forgetting to
scan for exalt covert operations I'm by
the way I know that I can attack the
exalted base right now because it has to
be here everyone else has been
eliminated but I'm just I'm waiting to
the end of the month her panic reasons
sure so see if Egypt and South Africa
yeah they're but they're close to going
into the red this is bad at the end of
the month alright if they go into the
red at the end of the month I can do
that exiled based mission and that'll
bring the panic on everything down so I
can rescue those countries nice you've
got this cuz I haven't been paying
enough attention to the game was I'm
talking to you I'm talking about you had
and I forgot to build satellites
sure what I want yeah well first of all
I want to as a strawberry pancake wants
to know how is standing up every our
healthy for you when you sit it
restricts the blood flow to your legs
and feet you are not using your muscles
it means you're more likely to get blood
clots start aging and you'll find out
how sitting down too much can be bad for
you it's it's also in general indication
of lethargic lifestyle so by moving
every hour you're encouraging blood flow
your your moving is always good for you
how am i doing at this pretty good

[Part III]
how am i doing at this pretty good
late game I lost Germany because of
glitch and here's my here's my memorial
wall only one yep late game late game
only one fucking fucking thin man mother
fucking thin man want one shot by a thin
man gahafer jack has a challenge for me
he would like an accent to the gay Jack
challenge the gay Jack challenge he
would like an impersonation mashup of
Christopher Walken and Michael Caine and
I don't want your response to know if I
can do that but I'm like you know I have
to you know Michael Caine is easy I
always got my cocaine in me what what do
we do when we folk we kick up that's
that way it's a terrible Michael Caine
impression Christopher Walken kind of
talks a little like this it's not great
it's not bad
somewhere in between that's not a great
Chris for walking yeah you tried what do
we do drag we fall we don't lay down we
get up that's the best I can do keep
trying just keep at it Jack what Dale
wait day when we fill keep trying some
day some day it feels like forever
it feels like forever yeah those are
both really black really bad so
hopefully you got she doing if I do if
I'm available I'm just I'm not paying
they're paying any attention to the game
when I should be I do have satellites
launch oh yeah I got options up the bot
I might beat the game tonight
hey well there you go
ummm I guess it doesn't really
altum Utley it doesn't matter which one
of these I do it's two very difficult
because it's very difficult yeah you're
missing a few jobs in there space cop
dog hard you got clown DJ game slash
movie reviewer actor butcher if you
didn't know I was a blip here for a long
time farmer grew up on a farm and many
many jobs in between I have had so many
jobs I have done so many weird things
throughout my life and I enjoy them
dysphoria blues would like to say I'm
glad to have finally joined the ranks of
your pizza rolls Thank You dysphoria
blues I love what you all create at rlm
you're all brilliant at what you do
thank you for the years you're brilliant
at being rich Evans that's what you do
that's what it is the only thing I do
PS lol fuck my cock thank you thank you
for your kind words and thoughts that's
right I was a dispatcher I was a I was a
dispatcher for a short term courier
service a local logistic provider that
was actually a really fun job I'm happy
for you
you should be it was that what that was
it was very strange job it was very fun
it was very fun figuring out which
drivers had to pick up what where and
drop off and you know trying to chain a
drivers pickups and drop-offs oh they
would be happy cuz you had to keep a
drivers happy because they made the more
pickups and drop-offs the more money
they made right yeah and so you have to
find like oh here's three pickups
downtown and two of them are going south
and ones going very south so that's one
driver that's an easy one
but you know here I have another pickup
up north that's a drop-off
West but there's no pickup out west yet
but there might be one later so maybe
I'll send this guy here it was a really
neat I always thought it would make for
a really fun game trying to keep your
drivers happy while mapping out the
routes dumbest game I ever heard of yeah
well you know yeah it's kind of done fun
you know randomly generated pickups and
drop-offs in a map right and then you
have to map out the most efficient truth
it could be touchscreen or maybe des you
know integrate it with the stylus but
then you'd have to choose your drivers
carefully and you can give all the jobs
to one driver else they wouldn't get
completed on time and you couldn't
spread out the jobs to make sure they
all get delivered on time because then
each driver wouldn't make enough money
to keep the driver employed so I'd have
to balance driver employment package
being delivered on time driver happiness
customer happiness ex-con
would would you play Euro Truck
Simulator on stream if we gifted it to
you
probably not why would I want to play
Euro Truck Simulator what what is the
sell us on your own
yes sell us on this because you're a
terrible I would say this much
you're a terrible salesman well so far
they're saying they're gonna give it to
us for free
so they're great taste they're a great
salesman
no they're a terrible salesman because
they say they're gonna give it to me for
free and I have still have no interest
in the product this the worst salesman
ever I'm gonna give you this for free I
don't want it I know nothing about the
truck simulator games so oh shit it's a
great relaxation game but it's pointless
to watch other people play did you get
the crit do you get the crit oh you
didn't get the grid damn you for not get
the crit you mad I keep saying crit crit
crit you gonna crit gotta get the crit
Crockett's they're bullshit oh that's
right they do they do have American
Truck Simulator now so we could drive
through we could drive through AMERICA
AMERICA AMERICA work proud we could
drive through this great country America
oh you know what here's one point for it
CGP grey yeah love zero trucks in your
hat oh my god I don't care that's what
cgp great things I like him but so what
is I mean does it affect my life a
person that you enjoy enjoys this thing
so that might lead to you enjoying the
same thing
random crits are totally fair and bounce
you're absolutely right
recruit more pimps for you would like to
say thought thoughts on
movie Cloverfield haven't said it was
legitimately my favorite movie for seven
years until I saw a taxi driver PS it's
weird it's a weird you know
I ate expired pudding today because I
have no money
but you guys are awesome so here's two
dollars how do you expect him next next
time you take that two dollars you spend
it on food for yourself you expect to
have any pudding if you don't eat your
meat don't what we appreciate the
support but much like when you're on an
airplane you need to put on your own
oxygen mask before helping others that's
that's the case here take take the life
lesson from Delta before assisting a
child or others make sure your own
oxygen mask is affixed because if you
don't a fix yours first then you both
die and then you fucked
Zegna fuck it Cloverfield I haven't seen
it I didn't care about it I it looked
like a you know I found footage movie
and I don't much care for those the wall
was a bad album I agree I agree when it
comes to Pink Floyd totally Dark Side of
the Moon
100% Dark Side of the Moon yet I still
like another brick in the wall I was
going to make that reference would I go
to Jurassic Park if it were real totally
yeah absolutely absolutely I would
absolutely go to see it's worth risking
my life to see a Tyrannosaurus Rex and
that's that's alive fuck yeah fuck yeah
fuck yeah fuck yeah fucking a dinosaurs
fuck yeah bitch
second suck it bitch
I never saw Cloverfield um spoiler alert
for Cloverfield by the way so it's it's
a monster movie right yeah and but the
the twist is that it's all from the the
point of view of you know someone trying
to film it with a handheld recorder and
so you know there's a mystery elements
like what the monster was right but it's
just a monster movie yeah you didn't see
it here I know that much about it that's
all I know about it yeah I don't why are
we talking about some of the recruit
more pins for you wanted to know what
our thoughts I don't work oh okay
I I have no thoughts I I mean was that
Abraham's first thing Cloverfield
they're lost from the creators have lost
I think so yeah there was it from the
creators of Cloverfield lost I'm gonna
say it's the creator's lost Cloverfield
I'd been wrong before
I've been wrong many times that's what
I'm gonna say okay I'm with you all
right great sorry no strong feelings one
way or another
gonna getcha getcha getcha getcha one
way or another I'm going to find you I'm
going to catch you catch you catch you
catch you that's devos version of that
song one way alright uh I'm going to
find you go get you get you don't make
it here you've gone crazy and I don't
know if I could take it one of one of my
absolute favorite songs ever in life is
DeVos cover of satisfaction yeah
inner that I've heard their cover it's
so brilliant you know satisfaction is
just dick swinging rock song and Devo
tears it apart like takes the beat out
of it it's it's obviously Mark
Mothersbaugh hugs singing his weird sing
I can't get no satisfaction I can't give
it no that's it so I just every every
time I hear DeVos cover of that it fills
me with joy how much they wanted to rip
apart rock and roll you know it's a
great cover that I don't think anybody
has ever heard
Veruca Salt does a version of my Sharona
that's like Hello paste but it works
I believe it I mean for anybody who
doesn't know my Schroeder's that song is
like hyper-fast my mashup just take it
down - do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do my
Sharona it's great yeah
for a weird world it is where rich Evans
is talking about music that's fine some
music is good
Mark Mothersbaugh is more believable as
someone unable to get satisfaction than
Mick Jagger's you're absolutely right
you can't give me no hey baby baby oh
man on the drive home we're listening to
that song by the way we're gonna listen
we're gonna listen to that version
Gate for Jack says I saw a guy on twitch
streaming from a restaurant oh my god
that's the most amazing thing I've ever
heard any chance we can get a tour of
the rlm headquarters I mean you've seen
most of it you've seen best of the worst
is the room you saw before and it looks
exactly like you remember thinking you
know you've seen the time-lapse of the
studio not a big building you know I
think I think you'd be terribly
unimpressed and that would probably just
be a standalone video that's that's a
Mike and Jay thing don't do it they're
trying to case the joint
no they'll steal all of our new key
tapes Hey
what
fuck above the alloy can it fucking love
it I tell you I love the alloy Canon the
alloy Canon yeah yeah I've heard that
you are okay with it
in general what are you doing
just go over there just go over there
and hide you'll be fine
Miko Cola
hey guys sorry if this was asked already
tonight rich did you catch the season
premiere of Venture Brothers on Sunday I
want to wait until I can watch them all
at fucking once cuz I heard something
gonna be like a 6 8 episode season
really yeah ok so I have not seen it
you're waiting you're waiting I just
want someone take all in at once sure
you want a binge yep I'm that's fair
that's fair
have we heard of the William Shatner
Bohemian Rhapsody oh I'm sure it's
glorious that Shatner that Shatner does
so much
that shadow I have been catching up
behind that's fine while we wait for the
season finale of the expanse Lisa and I
have been catching up on agent Carter
have you watched any agent you're not a
big Marvel person but that's one thing
we we never got around to watching when
it was on TV so we finally caught up on
agent Carter it's pretty good good spy
stuff spy stuff
so it's not great that's pretty good it
was my official agent Carter review I'm
enjoying it and now that I'm caught up
with agent Carter oh wait I think there
was a new episode last night that I
didn't see but once I'm caught up I will
be 100% caught up on the entire Marvel
Cinematic Universe and so as a
completist I feel really good about that
I've seen everything in the Marvel
Cinematic Universe yes I know it's
amazing I know Casper is agent Carter as
good as Daredevil and Jessica Jones no
no daredevil is amazing Jessica Jones is
really good agent Carter's a good age I
would put agent Carter above ant-man
buddy you know it's different it's it's
spies it's a lot of detective II stuff
which is really nice if you like
detective II stuff but it's slower and
it's good just good um Mo's that sleepy
sleep LV thoughts on The Last Dragon
what the fuck is the last dragon the
Eddie Murphy movie no that's another
child yeah
space cop was fuckin great I could
always tell when Jack was playing the
alien based on the way he moved
that's right and the seamless way you
blended in Ritchie's stunt double into
that scene
yes I play many aliens thoughts on
agents of shield I shield started all
right really dropped down and has gotten
better has gotten a lot better
there was see this giant alien monster I
wasn't rolling that with my mind that
great fucking awesome so now he's just
on your team for like a few terms nice
but like for a while agents of shield
was really bad and if you can put up
with like half a season of really bad it
gets a lot better like I think they had
to be really bad because they didn't
like during Captain America stuff
spoiler alert for Captain America even
though it's super old now
Captain America Winter Soldier was the
reveal that Hydra was actually in charge
of shield oh my god and agents of shield
obviously was affected by that so I
think there was a lot of them waiting
for that reveal so they had to paste
their show weirdly and so there were
some down moments but I really like
where it's going now
Jessica Jones is great.i Jessica Jones
takes a while though to get into like
daredevil for me I was I was way into it
by like the second episode second
episode is amazing and then you're just
super into it Jessica Jones it took me
three or four episodes to get into the
flow and then by like the fourth or
fifth you're really into it and it ends
incredibly strong as a whole jessica
jones is great but it takes a while it's
a slow start jesus crist no I got
expelled yeah yeah I'm sitting for what
is the definitive song post Buffett used
to get people back on the dance floor I
say oh what a night by Four Seasons
that's a great one keep in mind I've
been out of the wedding DJ game for a
while now oh what a night is a great one
don't stop to get enough everybody
fucking loves Michael Jackson everybody
and it all depends on the crowd my
personal favorite was let's go crazy
about prints remember remember when
fuckin Prince max landis was here yeah
and I made a Michael Jackson joke and
max landis was like I knew him yeah and
then I just stood there and it was great
that was really really awkward yeah yeah
yeah that was the thing that happened by
the way there's the thing that happened
because his father directed thriller so
max landis knew Michael Jackson quite
well and I made a Michael Jackson job
you did not about his dead friend you do
yeah I did that yeah
shit happens out of nowhere too like
there wasn't he there wasn't even a good
problem for you just just out of nowhere
and by the way let's go crazy has going
back to wedding stuff to get your people
back on the dance floor let's go crazy
ends in that ridiculous
beat drum was guitar solo that mixes
perfectly into the opening beats of
Billie Jean so you start with let's go
crazy right and ends in the guitar solo
right when that guitar solo hits hit
Billie Jean while he's doing the guitar
solo and it blends perfectly and so you
can you can go into let's go crazy into
Billie Jean get people dancing right
away it's great Trent and trying to
remove the joke I think it might have
been this one I'm not sure why does
Michael Jackson like 27 year olds why
because there are 20 of them that might
have been it I might have been a
different one I don't know nothing was
ever proven it's quite likely alright I
don't think he was even yeah I don't
know I think it's quite likely nothing
ever happened he was a great artist this
is the joke it's it's it's joke
it just happens to be it was a dead
friend of his yes no someone he knew I
made I made a joke about how he was a
pedophile yeah and when he really wasn't
yeah and and all of us were there and
like after max was like oh he was a
friend of mine like dead silence it was
amazing
it was absolutely amazing no oh no that
wasn't the joke like rich that was said
something else he made an offhand
reference yeah Michael Jackson maybe a
child was brought up and child oh I know
a joke about children
but anyway it was I mean it was
embarrassing for all of us
mostly for rich definitely embarrassing
for me yes yes but you wouldn't I guess
he wouldn't think about that you
wouldn't you wouldn't put those
connections yeah yeah it's probably best
just not to make fun of people after the
fact who said oh of course he met him I
mean not just I want to say not just
thriller right I did yeah yeah I'm one
or two of the other ones probably did I
think he did bad too at least if not all
of them who knows black and white max
landis was not really upset about it
either it was just an awkward awkward
moment it was no I'm sure he's he's
dealt with that kind of joke before
no max didn't offer any sort of argument
that he was and I think it's just
generally assumed that he wasn't it
wasn't a one out of a way to not talk
about it after that right right
the man danced himself into dust let him
be dead I agree
I enjoy Michael Jackson's music it's cuz
it's like you know I'm talking to the
man in the mirror and I'm asking him to
change the world you know I'm saying no
I'm saying no no idea what you're saying
if you want to make the world a better
place take a look at yourself find the
change change change
great great if you had to cook a meal to
impress somebody
what would your signature dish be the
only thing I can cook us either macaroni
or a cheeseburger so yeah my options are
limited I made a mean cheeseburger did I
fuck it up did I fuck up the lyrics oh
shit what are the lyrics you wanna make
the breath but place the key you look
good yourself bring the change I'm
talking but the main aim to change the
world I just enjoy I just enjoy it
Michael Jackson you know that's singing
there's good songs fuck you man in the
mirror is a great song
Billie Jean Billie Jean's great I
stopped to get enough is great a smooth
criminal Oh smooth criminal nice bad
yeah that's a little too theatrical for
me yeah yeah cuz he I mean he ain't bad
he ain't bad but he isn't Billie Jean
either their songs no he's not Billie
Jean Billie Jean is the person he's
talking about
Pete it's pretty good Pete it's pretty
good yeah I do like the trying to think
of it rich just likes the hits yes I've
never claimed to be a Michael Jackson
fan boy Oh blame it on the book I'm not
I'm not I'm not the cool guy who likes
all the obscure Michael Jackson songs
cuz I'm that cool first first of all no
Michael Jackson's song is obscure every
single one is a hit like have you seen
the Thriller album every single song in
that goddamn album has a number-one hit
it was the 80s and he was Michael
Jackson yes him he couldn't do his
producers and writers were incredibly
talented could do no wrong at the time
that's true
screw it you know what scream is it's
like it's one of those things where it's
like later Michael Jackson in the same
with Janet Jackson and the novelty of
them doing a song was good enough I like
scream I think it's interesting not
among his best but I think scream is a
very interesting song or he did the song
with Janet Jackson and you could not
tell the two of them apart well yeah she
ever upset by that why do you have to
keep trying to look like me Michael stop
stealing my fucking blood you know how
hard I worked to get out of your shadow
and now you're lifting my luck I'm a
fucking girl goddammit Michael listen
and she tried she tried to get out of it
like you know Rhythm Nation it's one of
the greatest Rhythm Nation I really
y'all really dumb nation
stop jarring me dance Oh Michael fuck
now today it is gonna go down like a
Michael Jackson YouTube loop I've done
this before I've had nights where I've
just collect on Michael Jackson video
and listen a song if I gonna love them
have I heard of the Arctic Monkeys
they had a hit song hey hey with the
Arctic Monkeys just have the same ring
to it does not have the same ring to it
they had a hit song ten years ago I
can't get behind that I don't know I
have no strong feelings towards the
arctic monkeys monkeys monkeys what
about the monkeys do you have any strong
feelings towards the monkeys the fake
band
the fake fan that was the TV show you're
you're about the story though because
there were real musicians they hired
people who knew how to use instruments
and these people probably all had dreams
of being big rock stars but they were
just hired to act on this TV show and
they didn't let them perform any of the
music and it had to be soul-crushing to
be so close to your real life's dream
yeah and then to have the adults like
saying no no you getting fried that
camera see this guy his name is fucking
Neil Diamond we're gonna make him write
the songs you put on the suit and get in
front of the camera let the real
musicians play it had to be they had to
be horrible I think they like they they
even though there weren't a real band
they had some good songs they had a they
tried to make their own album once and
it's just like this horror I think I
heard like a short clip of it himself
just hideous experimental shit yep you
know something very strange that I
learned recently about the monkeys yeah
every almost every single video clip you
see of Jimi Hendrix is only attributed
to when he opened for the Monkees what
this is a true thing
the monkeys were going on tour and they
needed an opening act and they were so
big at the time that they convinced
their tour manager to book Jimi Hendrix
to open for them and that's where we get
most of our archival footage of him okay
and that crazy many things are crazy in
this mixed-up crazy wasn't that crazy
but not all most of a lot of our
archival footage is from him opening for
the Monkees you're calling BS as well
look it up look it up jack is wrong
about something check hold on where's
the don't get out of here you don't know
you don't know how I get out of here
get the fuck what this
I hate I hate Windows 10 it's just the
worst operating system
are you guys looking at that for me
it was one yes it was only one tour and
Jimmy left early because the Monkees fan
hated Jimmy Hendricks music as it turns
out Windows 10 is awful 8 is awful just
go back to Windows 7 everyone windows 10
is I cannot I hate fucking Windows 10
all the time all the time all the time
every time all the time every time I
tried I tried to get the Internet up and
it ruined everything so there you go
back to cooking a meal mm-hmm a
signature dish is you don't you take
them out to a nice restaurant that's
that's what you do don't a nice
restaurant not like a chain restaurant
find a nice restaurant own little family
own place or the other okay all right or
here's what you do you find something
that you can make together but that you
don't have to watch right okay so
nothing on the stovetop you don't want
anything that you have to like go and
stir every couple of minutes so you find
something nice that you can make
together maybe like a nice like a baked
mac and cheese like the kind of mac and
cheese that have like the crumbs on top
and the eight different kinds of cheeses
in all the bullshit right you get
everything prepared ahead of time but
every all the little ingredients in the
little bowls like they're doing the
cooking shows and then you have you you
have your lady you have your man over
right you have you have you yeah other
person who you wanna who you want to bed
I can only assume you want to bed or
else why else oh you're cooking form
right you have them over and you make it
together and then that's like
together the kind of thing right then
you can put it in the oven for like an
hour so now you got an hour to kill so
you can sit and talk and chat you can do
stuff together that's what you do that's
what you do every but this is this is my
this is my advice it's fine advice it's
fine advice I like it is my is my
knowledge of the arc of Jimi Hendrix
archival footage not true who's been
looking into this he did open for the
Monkees everyone is a is that is it that
is true I cook for friends and family no
sex involved well listen
cooking for the wrong people then you
know what Jack just put the pizza rolls
in the oven
no like act like a nice mac and cheese
like the kind that you'd be making it
like in a crock pot that's got the
crumbs on it you got do shit to it and
then everybody gets mac and cheese it to
him Oh suspense 21 you are correct jack
most videos I found came from his
touring around with the Monkees
obviously there's Woodstock there's
interviews there's other footage but a
lot of the footage we see is from the
Monkees tour this is no shocking thing I
have ever heard isn't it crazy in part
the Monkees were responsible for Jimi
Hendrix coming well the people in charge
of the Monkees responses no no the
Monkees the actual monkeys they the
Monkees like them yeah and they were the
ten you know they were the onstage
talent so they convinced everyone see
now the alien mind controlled one of my
soldiers Oh No
yeah oh no that's never good oh no we
are still streaming oh my god it's late
that's fine give me that late it's
midnight yeah
we got 14 more minutes till our next
standup so we're at least going that far
mr. Pibb says sorry for spamming but
remind your audience to tell windows not
to download and install updates anymore
as Windows will now download and install
Windows 10 without asking who really you
ah fuck Microsoft what
it is weird slash from DuckTales is
saying I went to a Florence in the
Machine concert nothing I really enjoy
Florence in the machine but but her
opening acts were all different genres
sometimes that can work but most of time
you know like you want I was for a while
I was I was in a rock and roll band and
a rock and roll band I was in one of
them rock and roll bands and that was
that was usually really hard when you
booked a show you know like Oh bands
coming into town they want to play with
you okay we kind of sound this it sounds
similar let's find out try to find a
third band and you know we'd always go
through this big rig Amuro of like oh
this band kind of sounds like us this
band you know like maybe that can metal
you know we'd try to find the flow yeah
but I know that doesn't work out all the
time and sometimes it's just like I have
fuckit who's available and sometimes it
can work there was a really interesting
show that we are a part of that we
played and we were kind of like a
noisier rock band and there was also a a
rapper on the bill and then closing out
the night was a strict yelling noise
band yeah so we were a little more
straightforward then hip-hop then
nothing but noise and squeals and
garbage and it wasn't like not a lot of
people stuck around for the other bands
but you know some people didn't expose
them to different music you can you can
download space cop go to red letter
media calm space cop is available for
streaming right now and download
streaming in download what to do about
you you're gonna blow yourself up I used
to use the grenade at Camp Tyrannosaurus
Rex I used to slap at the base I was a
bass player
oh thank you happy tweek happy tweek
just gave the link red letter media dot
vh X dot TV or you can go to red light
immediate common there'll be a link but
that's how you get it available for
streaming and download with and you can
also get the extras I know that was a
question it was can you get the extras
that are on the blu-ray digitally you
can you can that's madness it's great
that's madness that can't possibly be
true
what a deal the download content and the
blu-ray content are the same you can get
you can get the commentary track you can
get the behind-the-scenes footage you
can get the making-of featurette s-- and
i believe you can get one more thing if
you get the digital download you can
watch it in VHS vision only available on
the digital die what's VHS vision why
it's the able watch a movie and say to
yourself I would sure like to see this
in worse quality and instead of the
intended 16 by 9 aspect ratio I'd like
to see it cut pan and scan to fall by 3
do you ever say that to yourself well
now you could have it in VHS vision
that's so amazing is it just how did you
miss that shot your aim is unbelievable
I don't believe that happened yep I'm
sorry
what was my ax of choice I had a I'm a
Pathan
I could I could mine free him but it's
so satisfying to do this yeah that feels
good that feels so good
I like these floaties guys yeah these
are fun have you ever seen them before
no oh god I've never made it this far
into the game this is a great game that
you apparently entirely missed out on
I didn't just you know never never
crossed my path but hey I get X come
tuna yes no he's not there anymore okay
okay
what is pan and scan mask Tennyson
Tyrannosaurus Rex Oh or tyranny source
Rex re sub pan and scan is when you have
a movie in widescreen in sixteen by nine
or wider and you need it to fit on a
four by three screen there's a couple
ways you can do that you can either put
the bars on top or bottom but a lot of
people didn't do that a lot of people
just cropped off the sides of the movie
and that works in most cases actually
where the action is usually in the
center of the screen right but there are
some scenes that you need that wide shot
so what they would do is digitally scan
the pant they would make a digital pan
and scan you know the the image from
left to right or vice versa and so if
they didn't crop off the sides they
would actually move the image digitally
and you can you can tell you can tell
when it's a pan scan it's great his rich
plate XCOM - you don't know it's it's
not out yet
it oh yes it always looks horrible and
jittery it's great it's great and so for
for space cop in VHS vision you know Jay
made these special oh you're just
looking he even did you know did the pan
and scans it's great explain in detail
the difference between panning and
scanning well no you scan the image and
pant you the images scanned app and it's
I think that was a joke it was probably
to come he's probably joke whose pride
that was probably a joke you can never
tell what can you you can never tell
them one person's joke is another
person's I'm a fucking idiot right the
Jay actually put it on a VHS cassette I
won't be shocked if he does that
something no he's done a before like a
limited edition yeah special special fun
thing he likes to do mm-hmm
yeah thank you hunchback jag the image
pans you scan you scan the pan it's
there's it's a whole much it's a whole
much it's a whole bunch of munchy yep
how much do we have to pay Jay to make
an outtake cut of space cut I'll be a
lot probably it was an insane amount of
work to edit space cop as it was just
keep asking for it I'm I'm a friend of
his and I couldn't convince him to do it
keep keep asking for it and I don't I
don't blame him after I see how hard it
was to the regular edit I don't blame
him one bit
oh yeah night I'm sure it's safe
oh that sounds interesting mr. Beebe's
is letting us know about of a podcast he
enjoys in which a two dudes talk about
80s movies with their 14 year old
daughter and asked what she thinks about
them that would be an interesting thing
to listen to what are the kids think of
these crazy movies I think they're crazy
oz Mike that's a great idea Jake should
put them in VHS is like me know copy
them onto VHS is and secretly go put
them in discount movie bins and gas
stations around the country around the
country around the country in hopes that
someone somewhere finds it that would be
great that would be an incredible waste
of time our mill yes Jay has not been
around since space cops started wrapping
up because he's been working on space
cop I you know I J was was primary
editor of space cabin so a lot of his
time has been dedicated to that so
unfortunately he hasn't been able to be
around as much hopefully we can get him
back I know he enjoyed just talking with
us so I bet we can get him back why does
everybody want to press him do an
outtake yes yes I feel bad for bringing
it up now
no oh no I let him know let it let him
know here's what I really do it let them
know that you'll pay extra for it and
then you know things will start getting
back to normal and he'll start having a
little bit of free time he's like well
maybe I could help people if you pay a
photo there's a lot of Mike scenes in
the final film I assume well I mean they
they edit they worked together
Mike edited oh yeah
Jay did some and of course they
collaborated even when you know Jay was
cutting Mike would see the cuts
now Jay was primary editor time to stand
up and say goodbye it's after midnight
how many next play could review taking
12 years to make jokes have been made so
far it would take 12 years to count them
all so I don't know thank you all right
let's stand up let's find some names
such a nerdy fucking thing Oh with phone
beeps I gotta stand up I'm gonna do it
because yes all right I guess it's good
for me is everybody drinking enough
water stay away from fatty foods and
carbohydrates
stupid stupid enough that we're standing
up don't walk give the phone told us we
have to stand up
oh I love my squad Tiberius Kirk points
out wonderful hypocrisy zuv me I was
just telling you to stay away from fatty
foods and carbohydrates but not 20
minutes ago I was recommending macaroni
and cheese as a dish to make friends
families and people you want to have
snips with yes sorry alright hypocrisy
is a thing hypocrisy is a thing this is
uh this is wrap it up this is wrap it up
yeah let's wrap it up yeah you want to
do this last mission what do you think
this mission this mission is gonna be
boring
okay then though this is the wrap it up
single if I had a light out flash my
special mouse I have to go to the
keyboard so I might keys to do things my
legs are not dead from years of sitting
because I have a little thing on my
computer that tells me to stand up every
hour my legs are dead from years yeah I
like it a lot but I try I try I try to
do but you you got to see my my my late
game XCOM squad because we've only done
the early game stuff on here which FX
cam has a problem it said that's the
most exciting stuff in the game is the
early games yes not that it's not fun to
have a squad of power armored badasses
with their cyborg giant robot friend in
tow it's it seems to me like you know
the whole thing is very satisfying but
it may be dude you get too powerful too
soon or is that just the way you play it
could be Jesus I'm too good and I get
too powerful too sir no I'm being honest
I'm pretty decent and XCOM sure so yeah
single-player I never do multiplayer
right where somebody gets pissed at me
for bragging or something I don't know I
don't know but I can kick single players
ass yeah someday I'm gonna do it without
losing a country or a soldier on classic
I'm it's gonna happen I guess that's
when you move up doing that's when I
move up doing possible mmm I think if we
learn anything about rich Evans I like I
like to challenge myself by by
perfecting the old difficulty not
upping the difficulty no you know I'm
not excited about Dark Souls 3 I'm
putting that out there yeah as everyone
knows I fucking love blood-borne with
all of my heart boner but it's Dark Soul
series is a different series and it
feels different and I love blood-borne
more so because of the world and the
monsters and the world it's just
everything about your surroundings in
blood-borne is what gets me into it and
I don't care about careful you know I
don't care about Kiev and / maybe maybe
it's because I'm getting older yeah or
maybe it's just because I've been burned
too many times but I rarely ever get
excited about something that's upcoming
anymore hmm almost never even XCOM to
which I'm don't get me wrong I'm I want
to play it I've got a definitely gonna
play it but it's not like I'm I'm going
I'm dying with the anticipation either
mmm you know what I think kill it for me
mmm very it was what I bring it up too
much but it was probably one of the
defining gaming moments of my life
the anticipation I had for Mass Effect 3
after playing Mass Effect it was through
the roof yeah I have been I was more
excited about that than anything I was
more excited about Mass Effect 3 than
that I was excited for the Phantom
Menace before I knew the prequels are
gonna be total crap right and how
prophetic is that I'm so sorry yeah yeah
doesn't mean I may be between that and
the prequels and everything else that's
burned me in life I just I can't get
excited anymore it doesn't it doesn't
happen I'm sorry I can enjoy things but
I'm not excited for them ahead of time I
just find them and I go that was good
mmm I can still get excited for stuff
like if I was a fan of the Dark Soul
series and now after playing an
experiencing blood-borne I understand
why anyone would be super hyped for Dark
Souls 3 I'm just you know I'm just not
spooky Dookie 13 months in a row fisted
by dope
smoke 14 months in a row the real Vey on
the real Quaid 15 months in a row a
horrible glory also 15 months room the
dude 19:34 set in motion around the drum
click okay n-- Oh bother
Bobby's only got nine months I thought
he was a meteor but then he was in the
the 12-month Club he's been he's been in
at home he's been in there Chad Oh
bothers the one that sent us that
homemade beer I drank that beer thank
you a bother
so low 56700 like that did that
perfectly you did that perfectly oh well
baby here oh yeah I don't think because
movie skeletal snuggles are no three I
do my time I'm assuming that's supposed
to be he wants the three pronounced
doesn't eat I believe his last I know
are Miller yeah I just you know it's
like the lead speak shit what the fuck
is that then that end like 15 years ago
elite speak the kids still doing that
that that that hang on longer than fat
did phat with a pH that's still around
that's all wrong shit yeah I thought
that went the way of groovy groovy still
round well only only only in terms of
ash it was no Groovy's now ironic you
know that's a hipster thing and then but
eventually people will forget that it's
ironic and it'll become cool again recap
okay your turn wait when did you last
click the announce your sub button
what what I don't think that's for us
okay rich reads
Stardust's thirteen months in a row here
at shul here at ETSU there's there's no
hurt at Hsu here Ted's here Ted soon
thirteen months in a row which is weird
these 13 months in a row and I've never
seen that name before
can you change I don't know maybe
somebody changing the name or it's the
Phantom hair Tetsu Johnny
gadfly krob I am God you have to say it
like a Barbie I am gone that's what I
was going for I am get I am that's this
clone another God I am God I've got X
Mensa 19 months in a row waffle fail
Severino Meisner one 13 months Maria
dysphoria blues but Lucas Ducas the Luke
is to kiss Harry Feb 12 what's wrong
he's not
yes you know like that one when you feel
like you need a hug reach for a Huggies
knuckle makes your clothes softer but it
deteriorates the entire beefcake 15
months desperate pumpkin and buttermilk
biscuits 13 months in a row thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we really do all right what
are we ending on what do we got I think
we'll end on it I'll say it's true we
really do and then you end there we're
like I'll say I'll say it's like back
when I said it's true
