Jan 3, 2016
Dragon Fantasy, Keep Talking and Nobody Explodes
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/49413379
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/49419172
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/49420502
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Im1taiQh4tQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4qsO1Hwg5hs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_ZRK99WNqI
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/683849637552353280

[Part I]
engine aims we've been over this we've
been overthrown use real mange that you
didn't say anything incriminating at all
but mm-hmm
you never know what it's gonna slip out
merci Beckinsale is a bitch and then
you're gonna feel terrible Becky likes
white chocolate better and my sister
puts ketchup on her geez she does you
know what the fuck is wrong with that
woman I don't know she seems like a
normal sane individual other than that
wait we all want to create America one
day yeah we're like oh I don't know we
want to Great America one day it was no
you your sister and me Wow and we
weren't even a couple of the time we
were just friends I secretly pine for
you but we were friends
yeah and you know I I went on the what
does it thing called the Cajun
cliffhanger yes the centrifugal kind of
puts you against the wall by spinning
you around machine and then you stick to
the wall and in this case the floor
drops out there are other versions where
you're on a wheeled contrivance kind of
like what mechanics used to slide under
cars except it's affixed to the wall and
you go up but basically the right is
just to spin you around comically fast
for no good reason and you told me you
told me before I got in there and you
made me a promise that I wouldn't get
sick no you wouldn't get sick well I
don't think it you know I I find that if
you and you're on that ride if you
change the plane that your heads in if
you tilt it or anything then you feel
like the whole world has gone sideways
and and and like you've just fallen over
but if you keep your head perfectly
still I don't it doesn't make me dizzy
at all it's just feels like you could
have sure you could have warned me I
could have said something who's not to
look up and down when I was on the right
after I already looked down I got off
the ride I thought I gave you some kind
of warning I ate the other way I got off
the ride I immediately ran over to the
bushes and I threw up he turned a color
that I did not know people could turn
now rich if you if you've not seen him
which you probably have he's the the
whitest white dude there is I mean he
just the demands you know
melanin production I'm pretty pale but
he's really pale and and normally he's
like kind of a little bit of a ruddy
pink no he was like this greenish gray
it was hideous I've never I did not know
people could turn that color I've seen
you know I've seen people you know you
know obviously brown people are always
brown but I've seen white people with
red faces or with pale faces but he was
like a greenish gray so I immediately
ran to the bushes stager I staggered to
the bushes and threw up like I really
really threw up into the bushes I really
did feel guilty and then 20 minutes
later you know we're trying to get me to
calm down we're trying to get my world
to stop spinning and then your sister
orders cheese fries which you know
normally oh cheese fries delicious and
then she starts throwing ketchup all
over the cheese fries and I throw up
again I don't know what she was thinking
I really don't who puts ketchup on to
your face you could put ketchup on your
fries you can put cheese on your fries
but you do not put ketchup and cheese on
your fries this is the worst time
anybody's ever had at Great America and
you know people die there every five
years probably rollercoaster flies off
the track and murders ten people the
people keep going to the read America no
that was the wave thing white wave white
water it was the edge it was called the
edge there was like multiple times
though than this of Ride derail then
with something called the edge which are
some kind of a roller coastering thing I
guess I don't know I I don't do thrill
rides I don't like the whole falling
sensation like like my usual motto about
these things is you know if there's like
a flaming puppy or if there's like a
basket of puppies on the top of a ride
and the only way I can save them I will
you know I will I will endure whatever
to save those puppies but considering
that all I'm doing is just making people
who actually like these things I don't
know why but who actually enjoy these
things wait longer why would I put
myself through that and why would I make
the line longer so I just I really don't
go through throw throw rides I've been
on a lot of them and you know I spent my
adolescence listening to people saying
oh try it you'll like it you'll get used
to it no I just
don't enjoy to answer some chat
questions here mayo and fries is okay
but try sour cream sometime it's not bad
I kind of like the the vinegar stuff
that they have at Culver it's kind of an
interesting yeah twist yeah it's kind of
a fermented vinegar back back to your
sister though and her attention Osgoode
on fries to back your sister though and
our ketchup cheese fries I just want to
make it clear this wasn't like she had
two separate dipping things well no
cheese and ketchup the fries came
slathered in cheese and then she went
over to the ketchup dispenser and
started pumping with Gus so you had a
mixed kind of cheese ketchup sauce on
top of the fries yeah she had the
decency not to like mix them together
swirled but they were still together in
the same bite it is still eating I think
of this grosser than that is the time we
were playing truth or dare and I decided
to take the Dare and somebody hollowed
out a chocolate cupcake and put ketchup
in it that was worse huh but there's not
too much worse things you can do with
catch it maybe on ice cream cheese and
buffalo sauce that sounds pretty good
buffalo sauce and fries I could see I'm
think I've ever had it but most kind of
savory you know steak sauces or sauces
for sauces for other meats reasonable
Jack just tweeted rich you fucked next
time give me a heads up this is kind of
last minute Jack for one Jack I tried I
tried to text you the other day I know
you're you're unhappy fun vacation you
probably didn't see it so that's okay
but even in that text I wasn't a hundred
percent sure what was going to happen
today because today I had family fun
Christmas time which basically means my
dad and sister came over and we all saw
the force awakens together and I wasn't
sure what time they were gonna leave and
he certainly didn't want to be like
pushing them out the door because
doesn't see them that all I didn't know
if they're gonna stay till 8:00 or if
they're gonna stay it'll 10 and I also
apparently there was a message that
rich-rich sent me that said that they
were planning on seeing somewhat earlier
showing and I missed that message
somewhere I mean I believe you that you
sent it but I don't see you know I look
back through but anyway I didn't realize
that we had planned so we end up seeing
a later showing I didn't know and then
he's
how do you feel about si doing a
livestream today I'm like in a little
while oh you know now you showed up like
so late
so late I did but I didn't know that I
was that people were waiting at me I
didn't even know for sure if your dad
and sister we're gonna call him because
you said originally when I messaged you
you thought I was your sister I just saw
the message because I know I was waiting
on her to get back to me on show times
and what movie we wanted yeah and then
when you you message me right oh my
sister's asking about show times because
you asked me about show times then I
took a closer look oh yeah it scary yeah
so it's a little bit of miscommunication
but so what did you think of star wars
the force awakens I actually liked it
slightly more on my second viewing still
not my fav stole like Mad Max is the
movie of the fucking year
I'm not I'm not Star Wars crazy but it
was good but you care it was a little
bit - we're going to hit all of the
right buttons for the nostalgia trip you
know you need to put this side we need
to put that and we need that we need
that we need to hit that key so you say
this you say that you like Star Trek
2009 that does the same fucking thing
yeah yeah it did
same fucking thing oh they worse yeah
what I didn't like the second one the
second one's courage the first one no
yeah I did and yeah it was definitely of
course I've always had more affection
for Trek and Star Wars by the way don't
don't talk about spoilers about what
happens in the movie oh you thought what
you think don't piss people yet so we're
avoid spoilers no bad just your general
thoughts haven't sure people would love
to hear it was it was a fun movie as you
said they they they have purged the
prequel stuff from existence they made
no references to any anything there's no
Jared are in here they said one thing
about clones but then again they also
mentioned clones in Episode four
so basically no prequel references they
mentioned maybe we should have said of
stormtroopers maybe we should have had
clones okay but they weren't talking at
that time about clones like those clones
right we mean oh and a new hope they
just mentioned two clone wars in a new
hope rushes which was which was episode
two was attack of the clones
Episode four is whichever that's the
first one Episode four is the original
one that came out in 77
yeah they confuse it with the fucking
numbers okay they mentioned clones and
the one that came out in 77 yes but they
didn't totally actually show any moons
until the first frickin nose robots what
were those ball things those things that
turned into like balls
those are robots those were clones oh my
god the clone I haven't seen - I don't
know what they're clones of I haven't
seen I told you to be close of robots
well they're all identical so
genetically I told you I haven't seen
two of the prepaid and I realize I'm
probably one person left on earth who
hasn't but I have it everybody says they
suck and why do I want to dedicate six
hours of my life to that I just think
really I'm giving you a heart ever
gotten around I'm giving you a hard time
robots aren't clones okay trade the
little ball guys the ones that I had the
Lego that neat LEGO Technic ball robot
thing that kind of didn't want to stay
together quite right but if you did him
just right you kind of rolled them and
he popped up and they're like shootie
position that was a robot not a clone
okay
and over those things called the droid
cos or something like that
okay how was it explained in 1977 that
the first episode was episode forward
and people think that was weird here's
here's a bit of trivia for you when a
new hope came out it was not in the in
the credits crawl unlike the theatrical
version it was not called episode 4 it
just had a new hope
I don't think the episode came in with
the tag you know episode for a new hope
until Empire Strikes Back was the thing
and I got released in video and then I
think that kinda destroyed Jabba the
Hutt I like the old Chava the old giant
fat immobile ways from yeah from Jenna
yeah but then they when they when they
redid then all the guys do yeah yeah
when when they put it on DVD I think I
think I think episode four came in I'm
like the earliest home video releases or
something I know it wasn't in 77 in the
theater I don't think episode four was
in there somebody saying 79 was the
first time I was called episode four
okay so there's that I'm the luckiest
person on earth for never saying that
the episode two in theory yes see that's
what everybody says which is why I just
never really made it a priority to see
them sometimes I think maybe I should
see him and then I think everybody says
they suck why they made rich just like
Star Wars yeah I think Star Wars made me
dislike Star Wars because I came to
realize the prequels is kind of what the
Star Wars is all about mumbo-jumbo
nonsense force fuckery you didn't like
the whole idea that it was like some
kind of aristocratic blood blood bugs or
something and back and that likes some
kind of ephemeral well that wasn't
really in the universe that was an
annoying change but I tend to like my
science fiction a bit harder okay more
like the Martian yeah or I can't
name-drop enough relative to Star Wars
even Star Trek is hard science well
relatively speaking sure even the
original I suppose although more so with
the later iterations
right so you want to play this game this
time it's loop is not this Karen Mitch
I'm sorry
house
so what does this game this is dragon
fantasy the volumes of what's West area
which i think is not the one I've played
before but it's it's Dragon Warrior
final fantasy kind of homage in pseudo a
bit with probably pseudo MIT at MIDI
music and you know you're gonna play
whatever non-copyright-infringing
version of blue slime oh boy oh boy he's
not a big fan of the original I mean
I'll admit there's a lot of grind you
know it's kind of even gonna replay some
of the stuff where you gotta get some
stuff over and over again while you're
doing other things
mhm you can have a conversation while
you're you know killing more slime to
build up head points I started the game
see if you like it
sure see here's a controller start new
game Ogden's story oh I think maybe this
is a it may be that this is actually a
compendium of of several dragon fantasy
games mostly me the first one oh all in
the bald here he's like he had his hair
burned off by a dragon so now he's bald
it's got a sense of humor it's cute I
mean I you know I'm kind of nostalgic
for Dragon Warrior I got it for free
with my subscription renewal to renewal
to ah Nintendo Power
they came with like maps and swag back
and my beloved table of us today's a
great day
oh this is the Queen this should be you
yep today is a great day because of
course the Queen s say have you done
warm before more Julia Child's aspect to
it
I'm have people in Worcester today's
really marvelous I have been your Queen
for some time but it is time to pass the
torch
and by torch I mean dad I mean Carl you
see today is our Prince Marlins 25th
birthday and today we celebrate his
manhood okay it could be taking more
than one way today we crown Marlin the
new king of Westar my son you have still
a woman right my son you have stood
before your people as a fine boy but now
Prince Marlin I crown thee Oh from the
baddies holy master monsters odd didn't
save us oh how am I getting you the bald
guy when the bald guy yeah yeah fresh
meat
big disappears before you I guess you're
gonna have to select fight and then the
most powerful attack then you just have
to do that over and over that little
he's dead no I think he actually kicks
my ass memory serves
oh you've played this one yeah this is
the one I didn't realize it I think this
is actually more than one game I don't
think this is the classic Dragon Warrior
game stream no no this isn't I never
said it was but this is the one that I
have played before so you've played okay
this there's eye because it had it I
think it had a difference I had the one
that I had had ed bought on google play
was was this one mmm but this had the
title something wisteria and in words
what I borrow Mughal played just said
dragon fantasy okay but it looks like
dragon fantasy is part of a package here
The Chronicles of wisteria appears to
include more than one thing
because this is exactly how it starts so
I'm pretty sure it's good they're
actually giving you more than one game
great very cheap price very cheap price
because I believe I paid five bucks for
the for just the first one this just
doesn't have a more elaborate name than
you thought or this version might have a
different name I think I'm pretty sure
well maybe I don't know but I look like
they were different I don't know I don't
think so but I don't know and of course
you know there's a game you can talk to
people there's a different somewhat
similar game I've been playing with Jack
called undertale where there's always a
pacifist option like well you can choose
to fight them but you can also choose to
make friends oh this is completely
unrelated but you might be interested
Amazon Studios has a game that sounds
like kind of like a thief but it's free
enjoyed so I'm not sure I'll stop you
can be with your finger so my what
you're saying is my finger can't be
missed
Thank You Charles tend to be less
precise see my finger isn't precise no
no I'm saying that this touchscreens
tend to be less precise than then your
computer keyboard is okay
Caryn's too pure for these jokes
so he can't stop screaming what she had
to say she can't stop screaming either I
suppose this guy can't stop screaming
is it Captain America America can you
stop screaming apparently not
hello old fart how about you
can't stop screaming and you can't stop
screaming I am NOT gonna bother with the
other ones any say how do I get out of
can i these people just in my way
probably not
alright so I have to go back and get my
ass kicked or something have you talked
to the Queen
schmuck hi folks Munsters what are a
bunch of stupid smelly monsters doing
here
attacking you nope wha haha look at the
filthy humans run look at the filthy
human I think it's a different - oh
right the other one had different name
it's not the screaming I'm going to be
sick are we too loud let me know four
too loud and which one of us is it both
of us hey Craig voter both are voices up
a bit because I I noticed in the last
stream I did with Karen we were both
pretty quiet I'm not I can be a bit of a
mumbler but obviously when I'm you like
you're soft-spoken okay
I think it's me that kills them when I
get out you know that you know the power
of my voice but you know if this stream
would be more enjoyable for all parties
and joking aside if huggy snuggle says
it's perfect okay it seems seems to be
that the general consensus is that
things are fine except for terrible
thighs out he apparently wants to have
his eardrums burst as well who says that
we should scream louder the party earned
10 experience and but we want something
monsters wait wait wait oh here comes
what's-his-face in this little portal
syan of Westar was the first one big so
I guess they were biggs and wedge yeah
Star Wars names yep wedge is a x-wing
pilot I guess so it was Biggs they were
both x-wing pilots but biggest was
Luke's friend on Tatooine it's see I
took four there's a lot of like new
references in the Dark Knight yeah
oh my god this game's gonna be full it
didn't of course where's-where's there
in Anders I don't know I never got
around to playing to a little game and I
keep meaning to him
so we're competing with awesome games
done quick today what's that it's the
speedrunning marathon for charity I said
that a game speedrunning or assist
running through a particular game
different games whole bunch of different
games okay and this is currently just
dreaming at the same time I'm sure it's
on the main page of twitch but yes
that's that's going on this week I just
started today so so when you're
listening to us orphans are starving or
oh yeah people are bag somewhere well I
want to talk to Jack see if we can take
some pre-work money and donate all the
streams going on I think they're doing
like they're giving away to some kind of
cancer maturity yeah then we wouldn't
solely be like you know makes it not
zero-sum or something
such a pity you couldn't even manage to
give me a scratch I shudder to think
what would happen to you where I to
where I come from best you just sit back
and relax
I would I would want to say things
donated today will give to the the
charity that they're doing but I should
really talk to Jack about that first
ya know hopefully Jack's back before
it's over cuz I would like to do that
like every everything we get today will
go to adgq but I'm not I'm not doing
that without Jack yeah
and if for some reason jack isn't
amenable to that I'm sure you can work
out something for you
benefit them in some fashion pretty beat
up I should really try to rest here
before I go anywhere just donate
directly to the charity don't go through
agdq there are threads about how the
money is spent hmm I could link I would
like to see Lane but I probably gonna
miss it
now if you'd like it now open
interesting
Jack isn't my second wife but he is my
business partner and I can't just go
willy-nilly throwing away our money yeah
it would be you would be although Jack
is is certainly a generous fellow and on
board with good causes and such not it
you don't do things in his name without
asking him and this would be half in his
name all right am i rested can I throw
myself in the fire ouch yeah it's a
start
can I read a book book can discovers it
to be quite boring woman place simple
who can discuss it to be quite boring I
guess he's not much of a reader what's
in here booze all didn't close around in
the wardrobe doesn't find anything he'd
look particularly good in I don't he'd
look good in anything
I think he's bald bald you have
something against balding men no he's
exactly as tall as he is wide and his
fists are bizarrely oversized and his
legs are too small that's every
character in this game you know alright
I guess by what with stereo standard
he's normal-looking hi dude
you look pretty beat up I tell you what
against my better judgment whoops didn't
hit that against no hogging all the
covers there's a spare bed hopefully
there are no like fleas or bedbugs this
isn't this the Middle Ages
wow you're finally up I thought you're
gonna sleep all day
introduce my co-host doesn't everybody
know Karen my no no we're not married
yet Karen is my lady love Karen is the
fiancee I put a ring on her finger
yep I got that song stuck in my head
how much do you regret it do I regret it
you know we've been together for a long
time you know very long time I really
can't imagine us not being together
Karen's damn near a regular at this
point wonderf if there was a time I
logged in from from my house via Skype
mm-hmm
and then there was the time we were
playing the drug game dr. Mario the drug
game the pill rotation game yeah dr.
Mario and then we were we were playing
there was a time that Jack was here and
we were playing monster party monster
party and Dino Riki and then last time I
was here what we don't punch it
everything said burning game oh right um
little little Inferno fireplace game I'm
just going to assume Karen hasn't seen
the trailer for monkey up I have no idea
what monkey off is at all is that like
manna except monkeys don't know I
haven't seen it I haven't even heard of
it
it sound like banana flavored 7up awful
Karen they want to know when the next
blanket review is I have no idea
tomorrow the next play cat review is
tomorrow that the fuck
rich you're killing my speakers well
fortunately your speakers have a knob
and you can turn this knob so that my
voice doesn't kill your speakers oh
maybe they wouldn't be able to hear me
so maybe I should start screaming -
maybe I should put my microphone in my
face I'll move my microwave in see other
people say some fun I'm gonna move into
a medium distance from my from my mouth
and you know different people have
different sound systems different
settings different tolerances for I mean
I'm you know I'm the one who wears
earplugs the movie theater because I
don't like all these no oversized I mean
I know people love the you know booming
movie theater speaker experience it's
like an explosion right there in the
room with you me not so much
Oh buy stuff and I buy stuff hello sir
need to stab something I got some great
stab intervals here were audio opposites
yeah um I'm loud and deaf and you're
quiet and super sensitive to any noise
yeah no matter how can annoys me
microscopic I guess not ultrasonic
ultrasonic would be like I think
involving the frequency okay Rico
you'd be ultrasonic I'm not ultrasonic
Caron can hear ultrasonic noise there
I've said it
okay and I can see through walls again
no but I can't probably hear an
ultrasonic frequencies either but I
don't think ultrasonic ultrasound has to
do with volume it has to do with which
is like the radar Center louder than
Karen I'm always at least four percent
louder and Karen usually usually more
but whose volume would it be good to
increase when we decrease his increase
ours
yes but we are a good pairing in many
ways the fact that the relative volume
levels is not one of them but we're able
to
I mean if we had everything in common it
would be like marrying myself and that
would be weird
why don't we stop shopping hit buns
I am telling me I don't have enough
money to try this person there you go
there you go yeah hello dude anything to
say there's been tougher monsters out
there than usual you should make sure to
equip some decent weapons and armor if
you head outside I believe I'm wearing a
stick welcome to the village of Derwent
west of here is a cave that leads to the
Northlands but it's too dark to see your
way through it without a light mods I
see your messages saying the audio is
fine I'm not fucking with it I'm not
fucking with it we're good you know
books are a great source of knowledge
many bookshelves in this town and others
have good info for adventurers like you
but he decided books were boring oh look
the ins got little izzy is on it and the
heart on the door girl hey mister you
look like the adventurer and tight
little piece of advice for you
you can save your game at the church oh
you can say gets saved at the church and
then if you get beat by monsters the
master will grant you another chance
even better you'll still have all the
traits of an experience you're gained
while in the field so if I played this
game I would have to do a no save run
naturally I guess like I can't get saved
in a church but you will lose half your
gold
apparently the church like students
that's just sure yeah this is the church
Captain America welcome my son all we
walked the path of the master or welcome
here
oh yes sure why not yeah what's safe
can I read his books Ogden finds us
striking tone with gilded is is there an
update on the space cop release I can
only assume soon I am sure I will get a
very a very prominent all caps text
minute we get the DVDs in or the the
blu-rays in yes it will not be a secret
yeah it's not gonna be a secret Ogden
gets a sinking feeling in his stomach
from reading the up apocalyptically
cheerful text but over here a bright
shiny pamphlet buttons make everything
better
the new pork Co dream pad has four face
buttons to shoulder triggers and dual
analog sticks provides tactical response
superior to touch only devices in every
way
place your order for Porco's dream pad
today dear Bogdan looks very confused
and wonders what sort of Voodoo this
strange pamphlet refers to is this the
guy that I talked to before in the shop
no he's just got a counter that's not
the one I don't think that maybe it was
they've no I don't want to shop not
something not shopping hey what's a
Harris it's not the end I have to sleep
this time well good day adventure come
on in and check out my latest gear oh
here's where I get my Oh certainly take
a hat which sounds funny tonight oh
thank you I try to entertain oh great
where's my rimshot
where's my portable rimshot it's too
late but I don't care they're there all
right let me talk to this old whoopsies
dude kind of looks like Harrison Ford
mark Hamill's beard there's some Ford's
an old man now
yeah wood man all of her childhood icons
are falling apart well they weren't
exactly children then no well Harrison
Ford was like 30-something I forgot
exactly how old somewhere between 33 and
38 and they made the first I think was 3
3333 I think it was probably you know
like 40 by the time they made the third
one yeah sure
not sure someone's saying 32 when they
made the first one I can only assume
someone thinks he has Alzheimer's well I
not not that I've heard
I hope not it's certainly not a pleasant
thing to get I have not heard anything
like that listen this one of us come out
oh one of the people here it's probably
just hearsay as far as I know there's no
announcement about that I'm sure anybody
then I certainly broadcast these things
you heard what Charlie Sheen right oh
that he's got HIV yeah he's had it for a
little while yeah well you know that's
wasn't public about it tool you know
couple weeks ago well the problem is is
it sounds like he wasn't he may not have
been open about it with a sexual
partners which if that's true is
certainly disturbing see a Rock Monster
Mile tell me this isn't a blue slime
reincarnated painted silver it's not a
blue slime reincarnated has ice slice of
head eyes eyes and smile they look like
like grinning grinning Hershey's Kisses
I'll have to take your word for it
if memory serves I thought they were
eyeless but I don't know no I'm not aids
I think I think Charlie has HIV which is
a chronic disease like diabetes now most
so people can live many years with it
now there are treatments mr. Schine
smile is saying it what a new hope was
made he was 35 like when they start
calling him by these I don't know weird
names and I just get confused
I've been valiantly attacks mr. Rock
mantra there's a Miss Rock Monster too
by the way
mr. rock monsters hit for 7 damage it
takes out his marital troubles on Ogden
Ogden is hit for 4 damage damage I don't
have any like spells so I just have to
fight him fight him run away oh good I
got this - rock monster out of the way
mr. rock monster turned into dust had
experience in one gold piece
alright where's the let me see if I can
make it back to the anything which I
probably can't shit probably gonna die
there was mrs. Rock monster she rolls up
looking quite angry
this should be happy they sound like
they're such an unhappy couple mrs. Rock
Monster Ogden valiantly attacks mrs.
rock monster mrs. rock monsters hit for
6 damage this rock monster screams about
the dishes I couldn't sit up her six
damage fight
this is Rock Monster I'm valent Lee
attacks her again and she sit for seven
damage she cries in her Chardonnay she
completely misses missus Rock monster
beat up I've been valiantly attacks mrs.
Rock Monster
mrs. Rock Monster is hit for 6 damage
she's turned into dust the party earned
15 experience in two gold pieces this is
so reminiscent of Fela grinding this was
never a big fan of those
all the grinding how much is a cost to
sleep in the ship anyways just went free
hello fair traveler you want a room it's
on the house
oh yeah cool tourism board rooms are
zero gold well hell yeah
as far as our thoughts on Carrie Fisher
in the half of the bag review what you
didn't see edit it out was be instantly
saying we're just kidding I love we love
Carrie Fisher here that got cut out but
I said that immediately after the Carrie
Fisher is old jokes I liked that they
that they that they used a woman who was
not yeah I mean yeah they made that one
really young woman their main character
but it was it was nice to see them using
her and not trying to sexify her
something she was in a position of
authority she was in general mhm and in
Carrie Fisher she she looks like she's
yours grandmother age but she looks like
a perfectly nice well-kept grandmother
you know here's the only quote older
here's the only quote problem I have
with her age and it's not really the
problem isn't really with their age it's
the fact that it's it's been 40 years
and both those characters actually all
three even Han Chewie and Leia they're
all doing the exact same shit they were
doing four years ago it's like nothing
at all has changed in their lives since
then and that feels very wrong to me
well Han wasn't the most mature being
even for his age then but that was his
character arc and the originals though
was him finding responsibilities okay
and he's still acting like he's 15 this
one carries moves in general she's got
some response like like she was in my
head like she wasn't the Empire Strikes
Back like doing the exact same thing she
was doing hmm and Mark Hamill was doing
the same thing he was doing that's
that's the weird thing about their age
it makes it can just kind of sad almost
that nothing has changed for these
people what are you doing you're just
walking around yes you know writing in
points you're grinding
you gonna try to go somewhere and die
that's the problem with these games
isn't it isn't it alright let's try to
go somewhere no no no you you cried
that's fine well I thought we were
talking about Star Wars we are I want to
I want to wait until I at least level up
or get a spell before I leave the area
the one rebellion leader from Return of
the Jedi was a grandma - what assume she
wasn't a rebellion leader forty years
before then though I'm saying my only
problem with their age is the fact that
they're doing the exact same they're in
the exact same place in life nothing has
changed for them it's weird
she's a general she was general an
empire which was she was a rebellion
leadership okay but what do you think it
would be appropriate for her to be doing
this I don't know that's something right
that's up to the writer to figure out so
you want her to be doing something else
but you have no idea what that's
something else might be for fuck's sake
I just said it's weird I didn't say it
ruin the movie for me
you know they somebody was saying that
there's going to be another one now
somebody's saying then I've heard other
people say this now both of them
returning to a place they feel
comfortable with makes sense after the
bit with the spoiler and my my my
rebuttal is that feels like an excuse to
get both of these characters in us in
the same spot the audience remembers
them big movies just like baby boomer
most nostalgic yeah rich why do you hate
joy I like the movie Oh for fuck's sake
for fuck's sake but I hate joy in man in
inside out she's about really she's just
too damn chipper identified much more
with pretty much all of the other
characters I have the like an
android-based little like you know shoot
at the little blocks kind of game and I
always play whatever I can it's
depression because she's unlocked right
now and joy it just drives me nuts
there's nothing we can't concur with a p
wow this game is a lot more forgiving
than the original original or the site
seemed like right off the bat I would
get my ass kicked by blue slime like six
times before I had enough points to do
anything I'm sorry yeah I'll go grab
that a minute when I get rounded dude
get out of the road Rock monster rock
lobster Oh Rock Monster
I'm honestly shocked how many apologist
for the prequels oh I'm not some people
that's what they grew up with they they
grew up with those movies coming out
during their whole childhood we we
desserts but some people did but Star
Wars fans have always been rabid and
completely unable to criticize Star Wars
the hardcore Star Wars fans I can say
all Star Wars I mean you remember George
and Thelma or whatever in there their
love of full house oh just weird
hey we're nostalgic for full house
because that's what they grew up with
and all that other Pokemon nostalgia
which we don't understand but no no we
didn't everyone loves Pokemon yeah we
were probably we we sold it up to vote
when Pokemon came out or close to it we
streamed Pokemon when I guess Jack likes
Pokemon I made fun of it all night how
old is Jack he's still old like okay
what is he old enough that he was young
enough to read to reasonably like
Pokemon and it not be silly when it came
out or when it was still I feel a few
years younger than me
probably had to have been at least in
high school where that stuff came out
possibly I think after yeah all right
when I get a few more then creatures
killed I'm going to do that cave is
clearly these are not difficult enemies
do as you will
you don't need damage to me yet the hell
you need a cave this rock monster she
said for nine damage she's asked to fog
in something brother she actually did
something she Jax Jax pokemons stories I
supposedly he well not supposedly he
works in a Gamestop the force awakens
housing stores so Jack Jack worked at a
game stuff yeah and apparently we had
nothing to do one of the slow but play
pokemon was there that anchors are
losing good
fuck them it seems like a horrible place
to work you say you were telling me or
was i there when they people I mean I
can understand theft and all that but
the people is like sandy her ship time
to get frisked I didn't hear about those
somebody got first yeah I was a get
weird games stop does it game stop with
somebody or forget exactly but it was
basically and one of the game stops they
were you know patting people down before
they could leave it together their shift
I mean you know I've worked some jobs
where there were things about my job
that I found to be you know being
criticized for not smiling it off her
shit like that but nobody was ever
feeling me up or patting me down or
something before I could leave work even
though there was you know stuff to steal
sure you know retail establishments but
nobody ever that's when you go on on
break like an hour to before your shift
ends that's wait for me you go I'll back
to have a smoke and then you just kind
of like shake your pant leg and then all
of the games you like fall out behind
the dumpster yeah
and then you go back to work and then
before you leave and they frisk you you
have nothing on you just going on the
back everything from the dumpster
well it's like art where I worked they
were they well I've never done that
Aaron that was ridiculous because the
dumpster was like attached to the
building it was like no way he gets
stuff outside what was that what was a
book you really call it
I worked at the grocery store did that
meant fish Oh steal this let's steal
this bone now it wasn't steal this book
it was I think it's called working
stiffs manifesto and it was about this
guys all this guy's crappy jobs he was
working at a fish counter he was working
on a on a processing fish processing
boat in Alaska he was working as a
bartender and and all of his jobs were
terrible and they were just written I
think is it Ian Ian something I am in
whatever this is his name and it's
called working stiffs manifesto it
gentlemen
drove me to grind well you look it up
yeah yeah okay fun book it really is
it's it's it's a little bit reminiscent
in some ways of Barbara Ehrenreich
nickel and dimed I'm not getting along
at America but it's got much more of a
sense of humor I mean it's eat also good
as far as like books but about work is
is that way to rant the guy who worked
yet waiter he wrote about whoops I
didn't mean to launch heads versus
zombies I wanted to do the oh well I'll
just excuse me
silk browser going let's see literally
working stiffs yeah I read that book
parts of that cuz I like to read and I
like to share stuff with rich and I'll
read excerpts from stuff aloud to him
I'd rather good chunk of the Martian - I
never finished it have you seen the
Martian no I wouldn't
alright I need to finish reading the
last couple chapters of the Martian
terrain before he can see the movie
exactly bad we lost health and in by the
way you need to see yeah yeah Fight Club
is kind of about people with shitty jobs
but this this is uh I'm sure you know
it's been embellished a little but it's
it's a memoir kind of thing and it's
very entertaining
in the
gentleman's name is love hacen le VI som
I in in I a I and le v is Oh N working
stiffs manifesto a memoir of 30 jobs I
quit nine that fired me and three I
can't remember I don't know that it
necessarily details 30 jobs but it has a
lot of interesting little little things
and it asked his way to rant but way to
rant he's just a waiter or a maitre d or
whatever you know the whole time he's
working in restaurants
whereas in working stiffs manifesto he's
working a bunch of jobs each of which is
horrible in its own way so what was a
waiter one call
waiter rants by
Steve where I go to heal you
double Anaka I guess d you be LP and I
ca where do you go to heal me you go
back to the village and you go to the
little in place the villages the of the
the higher one yeah you go to the one
with the little Z's on the door I got in
front of the door and then you talk to
this dude he tells you it's gonna cost
you nothing courtesy of the Tourism
Board cuz who wants to go to with town
that's overrun by monsters and then you
you know you sleep less than 40 winks
and you're it's silly restores alright
alright I'm gonna actually uh okay okay
I'll be back you go do that pay that one
go back that one woman she looks like
look at the one on the right she looks
like Princess Leia just got like the
head buns see her not hurt the other one
not the one the green shirt that one no
it's a girl it's just a guy with bad
hair yeah hey spiked hair oh is that
what it is I think so yeah thought it
was like for this layabouts well we
don't have much money you got now hey
look button do I head for that 48 G okay
yeah that's not enough to buy anything
better I think we're stuck with a stick
for the moment what's better a costume
um upwards of 50 I'll let you down for
maybe a purse around er oh you you go do
your business okay
I'm just hitting the a button I'm
walking around it it's very exciting
gameplay
I'm really just hitting the a butter
Karen
he makes an annoying squeak and he
completely misses Ojai completely mess
don't know rich and Karen are grinding
really it's just Karen grinding I I
agreed to grind for her so she could
look something up on her tablet and and
now she could take a break to go to the
restroom I want no part of this I am a
prisoner to this game
I almost got back on that incident
almost almost what did you miss of the
story so far I haven't paid any
attention
I'll ask Cara to recap why am I so
sleepy today was today was today was
essentially my Christmas Freddy when she
showed up a little bit late the stream
was put together at the last minute
because today my father and sister came
over and caroms or we had dinner we saw
the force awakens saw the family that
was that was my Christmas
I just been a long day but a long day
how did we pick the Wikipedia article to
read because when we were doing the
earlier
clickbait video we're doing the fake
interview with JJ Abrams where we're
trying to come up with questions to ask
him and I thought why don't we ask him
something like you know really nerdy is
is how about how about is kylo Ren's
face made out of court Olsen and I knew
that because it was mentioned in Jedi
and I - the video game was like I
remember the stormtroopers our had like
core Tosun armor and everyone was like
what the fuck is core toast and I said I
think it's like a lightsaber resistant
thing and we had to look it up and then
that that got us to Darth Vader's armor
it's like well wouldn't Darth Vader's
armor be made out of that and that's how
we got to the Wikipedia article on Darth
Vader suit because we're reading that to
find out about the car Tosun and just
laughing at some of the dumb shit in
there there's like well why don't we
make a video out of this - that's how
that happened
so it's it's it's part of my schtick
making fun of RPGs oh yeah I know no
it's fine we'll play this - you're bored
till you're done playing plants vs.
zombies or we can take a look at the
CMAs see you see what steam has to offer
Roth mobster they should make that well
I guess they probably have to license
plate if you need lobster claws
you won't go on
this is a rip off of zelda yeah yes it's
exactly like Zelda and not at all like
Dragon Warrior the title of this part of
it or the original title of it or the
title I knew it by was dragon fantasy if
that gives you any idea of what games
are tripping off well this game is
called dragon fantasy yeah yeah I think
some people call it I think
Dragon Warrior is the same thing this
Dragon Quest because in Japanese it's
Dragon Quest I could be wrong although
there were a couple of games in that
vein available for the NES hmm and for
Dragon Warriors I played all for the
rich I must ask do you enjoy any aspect
of JRPGs I enjoy exploring the towns I
enjoyed talking to people I enjoy I
enjoy the exploration when it's at least
when it's not constantly interrupted by
tedious random battles
now I talk about kylo Ren but I'm trying
to avoid spoilers still where she ever
play Empire at War was the Star Wars RTS
game that came out about eight years or
so ago no because I tend to avoid RTSs I
did play was a real time strategy
I did play rebellion the the mostly
turn-based one that was kind of like
Star Wars crossed with Master of Orion
and that was somewhat enjoyable it's a
little bit tedious and micromanage II
but most of those games fall into that
problem Ultima Underworld I think is
that look which I believe actually came
out before Wolfenstein if I'm not
mistaken
I'm trying to avoid Star Wars spoilers
because it's still it's still only been
out like a week and a half I know I know
I'm sure everybody here has probably
seen it but just in case I'm avoiding it
you know like for instance I just saw we
just rich and seen it before but I just
saw it today because I had been waiting
to see it with Ritchie up here so some
other people might be waiting to see it
at some particular time with some
particular someone rich which is better
Jedi Outcast or generic anime outcast
all around academy has a lame main
character you fight lamer things
Labour's story that you were totally
into pie fighters Thai fighter I just
fired TIE fighter first X plane Alliance
isn't bad either or a fight or something
something like that yeah came out
originally it came on like floppies the
hardened floppy it's not the soft floppy
yeah it wasn't at all
oh god I do remember them I don't
remember the giant LP sized once though
I mean I've seen them but I've never
used one and please stop talking star
wars I think that's the first time a red
letter media fan has ever asked one of
us to stop talking about Star Wars I'm a
little bit flabbergast right now
we head under win95 machine sounds about
right win95 was almost like a das shell
even in windows 98 you could just quit
out of windows anytime you felt like it
I kind of missed that
which he ever played the original battle
from campus no no interest at all both
universe and style of games universe I'm
okay this hour she remembers but
multiplayer focus shooter with no story
elements relatively low health dialogue
Danna fuck that

[Part II]
a lot of different references I've never
played either of those talked about Star
Trek well what would you like to talk
about regarding Star Trek Karen would
you like to talk about Star Trek I don't
even know what ask Apple on five is
Babylon something is that some kind of
derisive comment about Babylon 5 I don't
know
I am mr. Trek fan with the caveat that
I'm not an obsessive it's usually people
I've been in situations where people are
like do you like Star Trek and I'm like
yeah I like Star Trek and they're like
remember in episode 54 and such and it's
like no not that familiar it wasn't it
wasn't the cause but our first kiss was
actually right after an episode of Star
Trek The Next Generation yeah well we
also were watching some know Midnight
Cowboy which is a great movie yeah we
watched Midnight Cowboy and then you
didn't want to go home but I don't
really want you to leave and we started
watching the Star Trek never watch Star
Trek Star Trek was over as I got a
helmet I'm kissing her do I have enough
money to buy a good stabby tool oh I can
buy a hammer buy something I'll buy a
hammer
purchase it and flip it
and now I can sell my wooden stick have
you ever worn a Star Trek uniform rich
Evans why the fuck would I do that
no I'm not I'm not that kind of nerd for
anything never drink the kool-aid and I
had the one oh if I had ever worn a
start drinking you know for me I would I
don't own one but I would definitely
wear one I'm that kind of nurse would
you have the miniskirt version no I'm
not a miniskirt kind of girl I think I
act naked if I can see wearing one and
then like maybe wearing some like black
like yoga pants kind of things
underneath I could rock that with like
some converse style shoes and magically
but not you know gonna start true
uniform down there somewhere we got a
next-gen one and you know my favorite
color is red and I know what happens to
people in red uniforms but I kind of
want a red one
well not on your safe on T&G; with red
that's true they switch it up you don't
want to be wearing gold on TNG I'm not
sure Geordi the blonde chick she does
okay until she dies Oh
until she what but she doesn't tell you
what until she dies but she doesn't die
the moment she walks she walks you know
she doesn't die in her first you know
it's not a cameo she she I guess she
wanted to leave the show for whatever it
wasn't like they were just like killed
her the second she walked out the door
and they have done that to Worf either
smartest crew move anybody ever made
what they do
she didn't really do it she had like one
horrible TV show after that was about
had basically it was a mistake
she came back as a surprise even though
she did not come back that was that was
her daughter that was her rape baby
I'm sorry my feet are on the way aren't
they well she was there kind of the
program so Denise Crosby business per
next project after G&G; was in Pet
Sematary machine that was at her it was
that after TNG Wow Pet Sematary yeah I
guess there wasn't that many years ago I
saw that Brahmin way back in the day I
missed the dollar thing you know was
that many years ago it was all that many
years ago they both were but yeah rich
will the current reboots nowadays be
rebooted in 20 years or they just be
spun off like Crete or star I have you
know what I have no idea I keep waiting
for these franchises to die to finally
die they never do sometimes sometimes
things should be left well enough alone
it's like Ghostbusters we would alone
live alone you don't need to redo that
Robocop
even even alien at this point you think
they'll ever remake et as a gritty
supernatural thrillers here's the thing
with music it was terrible in retrospect
but I loved it when I was fine exactly
why don't other I haven't seen it in so
long I don't know that I'm willing to go
as far as terrible but definitely is
memorable as a lot of the other 80s
movies even though it was the
highest-grossing one from like a decade
or more
hmmm was a big deal when if after like
seven years it finally came out on video
and then I saw it my first time I saw it
at the theater I was like five and then
I saw it when I was like 12 when it came
out and I'm like why did I like this so
much even at 12 I thought it was I'm not
I'm not gonna say it's bad I'm just
gonna say I have no like nostalgia for
it I have no love it tell me you're
rebooting et my response would be why no
I loved it when I was five I had an ET
val and I used to put put it on a diaper
in diapers real but typers and and in
feed it bottles and put it my cradles I
don't know why I did do that for more
human looking doll but floating floating
out there somewhere in the air
and I think this might have been pre
YouTube's you might actually have
trouble finding it but somebody got the
walking dead climbs out it's a plants
vs. zombies zombie ich ich he needs gray
hair he's gray somewhere I hate billion
I guess they don't know I'm here looks
like the one from he does he does it was
plenty it's a plant versus on you
something but now somebody somebody
found the kid for me team grow knob they
didn't
oh Henry Miller yeah and they made it
like a fake trailer for et - hmm and I
don't know how easy it is to find
because I think I want to say they made
that pre-youtube but it was funny
ooh better rock man you know maybe
special you just hit me for like Oh
do you have health items I'm already you
do items what do you have an items big
up there you go the fighting chance Rin
fighting chance bloodsucker
one more
do you have more items for helping them
or I can defend and I'm not sure what
that does stall I don't know it
basically defend is useless in every
JRPG so it's there to make you feel like
there are more options to do things but
it's really just always useless run away
did it work last time no you got away
with it good and I was having trouble
with the directional pad Oh good rock
monsters hello Rock Monster pack pet
she got a grind to get through that
section yet but grinding head pet rocks
I never had like the name brand pet rock
but I used to take rocks and and put
them in Tupperware containers and make
them little beds with little folded up
paper towels and blankets out a little
folded up paper towels
it was that guy's rather maternal for a
little tomboy
there's money
I'm sorry my feet are in the way again
you need to put your feet oh wait where
does it end the ends over this way the
ends the thing with disease
Oh reconfigure don't care for you don't
knock that screen over new monitor you
had that little baby one before which
was kind of yeah that's perfect okay
Tootsie's are in front of the chat if
there's anything else you want to play
over to let me know so what's the story
of this game they're asking I don't know
what's happened so far
what's your quest you're trying to get
the son of the Queen who got abducted by
some bad guy and you're you're you're a
you you're you have been in some kind of
quest before allegedly even though they
don't go into it and and it made a drag
and burn your hair off they made a
dragon burn your hair off and now you're
bald and middle-aged and chubby and out
of shape and you're trying to save the
new world boy it's a shame we don't have
the cam on today why describe the
character again chubby out-of-shape
middle-aged balding bearded red bearded
you've got more hair than he does
sure
I can own up to it I can own up to it
you've got more for it yeah look tariff
lost some weight I look terrible and I
can't shave my head I'm like screwed you
never tried shaving your head
I'm around my head is round my face is
round whatever makes you happier having
hair would make me happier that's not an
option if you want to do some kind of
bad William Shatner toupee what if I did
Amazon yes toupee there's nothing else I
can do if it means that this is the best
I can do if it made you happier and less
self-conscious then okay if you'd stop
being self-conscious in a clown clown
wig I'd be alright with that
it's full of ads much money doing
wrote Rogaine you people have to donate
a lot more we're gonna have to kick the
subscription fees up cuz rich needs ro
game you're gonna do a Kickstarter
therefore rich is it good like
Kickstarter's for like you know like
yuppies who have got at a credit card
debt bag too many persons or something
you know I'm say dumb you know so why
not know I'm a skeptic does Rogaine work
or said just like some kind of scam and
how good is it a tree growing there I
have no idea I have no idea but is it
isn't one of those things it's just like
a skip and if I kiss his head will I
turn into a man it's like one of those
things a message with your hormone oh I
don't know well no because you wouldn't
want you wouldn't want male hormones
magaz thats what makes you lose the hair
it would probably make me sprout breast
right estrogen is what what keeps the
hair no I think just testosterone is
what loses it on the guest room well so
so so kissing my head with Rogaine
certainly would not make you more
masculine
it would not at all well I think they
have that problem with like that they
that the testosterone cream that people
like I guess they're supposed to like
rub it on their staff or whatever and if
they if they have low testosterone are
they they think that they do or their
doctor thinks they do or whatever and
and then I guess it wouldn't touch it it
can masculinize them I'm sure it doesn't
instantly you know turn you into a nine
foot tall I'm back
sprout breasts on your breasts thank
thank you wish craft for you too that
was very it made me feel very good about
myself so so does that mean that they
would get bigger or does that mean that
he would they have like five little sub
breaths on each one or something what is
this a from one bird movie the fly uh
body horror you turn into a monster okay
well flies don't grasses Cronenberg but
you know I'm just reading about you know
about crop milk what's krumping birds
are really strange that was reading
about the respiratory system and it's
like they take in air when they're
exhaling - it's like they've got like
this that are in out in out they've got
like a one-way system going on and then
birds like humans where women are xx you
know two of the same thing with one
inactivated in each cell men have X&Y;
birds it's the opposite the heterozygous
one is the female but some species
apparently produce something called crop
milk which is a little bit like milk and
it's you know it's formed in their
stomach or their throat or whatever and
they regurgitate this for their babies
oh so I mean it's just strange things
and some of them are so smart
we ever gonna try an FTL no pause run
Jack wants to try one at some point
apparently about 40% of men who use
rogain experience hair regrowth after 3
to 6 months yeah but what are we talking
about her like a few hairs I want a
really sham level of Rogaine I won't
know if James Randi looked into it what
would he say about the Hair Club for Men
James Randi and pirate parently hasn't
looked into it because that guy he's
bald that he seems to be ok with it
he's decidedly bald and it suits some
great Dave's band it grandiy James Randi
is like the little grandfather that I
wish I had it's adorable my both of my
grandfather's died before I was born and
I wish I could just adopt James Randi be
my granddad she's so cute he's short but
hey so much Patrick Stewart doesn't give
a shit and no book works for Patrick's
it really does Patrick Stewart will be
weird with hair yeah I've seen him with
hair it is weird
can I get to this with just avoiding
that dude
run yeah or listen oh you know I need to
buy some herbs
why didn't have why haven't you cuz I
forgot about it let's go buy some herbs
sorry I probably on top
oh for sure
this game actually has less walk two
inches and hit an enemy than the
original wargames day I was watching
prereq one when I was notified that this
was live no I'm watching this what a
night Jack's been on vacation and I did
like one solo string but it's been a
while I don't want to go too long for
doing another stream Jack's still gone
so I dragged Karen her like my stream
you have no say in the matter
I hope he's having fun wherever you're
sure I'm sure you would like somewhere
nice where somewhere where it's warmer
summer words warm good for him I'm sorry
I miss him like his family's having some
big get-together who doing with
something or other parents I'm not sure
it's for Christmas Oh smart people who
would go somewhere nice for Christmas
stick around the folio leaky Milwaukee I
think that I said it right into my eye
nope I didn't say like you know go kill
your dog or something jack is another
bald person Jake is the other reason I
can't shave my hair - we're on camera
together all the time now I think and we
tell the difference between it's weird
if there are two completely shaved bald
man on camera it's weird you know what
it looks like it looks like a cult it
would look like we're in some kind of
cult join us join us now and people
would just like see that and they would
just be creeped out and they wouldn't
want to watch the video
I am i I can't shave my hair
just saw the space cop trailer and
remember it's Sunday night any estimates
on the release date I when we get the
copies will probably be three states as
it's been gone for weeks now waiting to
get impressed and said to us I don't
know what their status is right this
second but I'm sure that I'm sure that
probably the very literal minute we get
them I'm gonna get a call or a text it's
been New Year's and and Christmas I mean
it is the time of year when if things
are gonna be like this at the time
they're gonna be laid where that where's
it being done stateside so mark yeah
yeah I forget who's doing it at a desk
door JK but it's not like like when I
order stuff from Hong Kong and it's
taking the slow boat literally no I
don't think is overseas did you ever get
that charger that I sent for you I think
so yeah did you try the more bit more
nothing okay so it wasn't that yep
charger was only two bombs so dict
across much defined yeah
why don't you get it to your dad and let
him play with it he's looking for he was
messing her one to mess around root
something I might you might be able to
fix whatever issue it's got all just hit
it with a hammer
fuck it if I can't have it nobody can
Erbs rich don't shave your head only
play do is I don't think I'm really in
Iraq and a heartless I don't think I
would look good shaved and I don't think
my hair looks good anymore and I don't
know what to do it's terrifying I just
don't have enough in front anymore
Oh mr. lizard is not nice first he
doesn't say anything funny Packers lost
I hope you're happy rich I'm smiling on
the inside truth is I don't really care
enough to smile on the outside
smiling is overrated but I don't I don't
particularly care about football but
it's annoying to have all of the Packers
fans around here rub it in my face
whatever like they win in the Bears lose
and I don't really care but it's very
annoying it's not so much that he's a
giant bears fan he never has been it's
just that he's sick hearing about oh the
Bears suck oh the Bears suck because
this is Milwaukee and there's look yeah
like you suck like I'm like I'm the
Bears yeah I mean I can't speak for rich
exactly but I don't think rich has ever
had much of an opinion about the Packers
one way or the other except that we both
agree that their color scheme is kind of
ugly but you know the Bears navy blue
and orange isn't great either and I'm
just not a fan of yellow in general but
anyway because they do have a horrible
color scheme yeah it's like eg cheese
orange and yellow and 3/4 pine green
again is the yellow supposed to
represent cheese thank you no sir I'm
gonna say yes because that's stupid
oh wait I'm in the wrong cave I want to
go to the other cave they came with all
the nasties this is the one
just
what
I'm just sitting here thinking that I
want to see the movie with uh with the
pets even though they probably already
spoilered and ain't good about it I knew
you would want to see that I don't even
remember what it's called pets when
their masters go home or whatever as
yeah home alone that's pets on the town
pets on the Roman pet in the town red -
I don't think there's anything that
clever animated children's project a
product 105 Abe that's kind of how I
felt about
it just didn't feel like it was up to
six hours not standard killed him you
killed him I killed him good did he use
a lot of Herms no no spices no all right
I did not Colonel Sanders at one bit oh
I like that now you're on the trolley
sloths names something I totally want to
play a sloth named flesh I totally want
to play game to start the sloth you mean
Zootopia no not the furry movie the one
with regular pets only they talk but
they're not anamorphic pets which still
might interest furries I don't really
know the secret life of cats and dogs
that's all yeah that sounds right it
sounds cute
as mr. wizard invisible no mr. lizard
was just taken out
oh well did you lose last time I think I
got like a lucky shot on or something
last night the crit but I have to
Magritte critic critical Oh critical
attack just do a lot of damage herb time
what do you do and in something in there
weights I have a I have a I have a
antelope
furries seem like this is a was it
Tyrannosaurus Rex
furries seem like Trump supporters and
that they only exist on the Internet
I refuse to believe they're real only
has like 17 so saying wait to use your
items something big is coming up
well I'm sticking to getting out of here
and we re buying more items okay
I think I think I've I've told this
story in the chat before but I'm pretty
sure Karen and I know a furry yeah well
we'll call him Bob and his wife yeah
we'll call her Bob too because Bob
backwards is Bob so Bob Bob Bob and Bob
yeah okay
did look you came up to world a said I
think I think Bob's are furry
because what was his profile on on
something really what was the deal I
mean the confirmation was at that store
when people get to that yeah I think he
had some kind of a drawing of an animal
like himself is it like an
anthropomorphic kind of character and
referred to his his wife-to-be then it's
someone we knew in high school we didn't
we weren't we weren't that close and
then one day we're just at a store we
happened to bump into him and his what
she's fancy at the time just I think
they were married at that yeah but she
was basically wearing what what was a
dog collar and it's a real dog like a
real dog collar and I just actual dog
tags from an actual dog like like she
said to her parents so are you using
this no it's you know or feet Fifi using
these tags either last years I think and
I just I just I remember I just looked
over at you we exchanged to look like
uh-huh I mean people have all different
kinds of strokes I mean they're harmless
they're that one convention where people
went trying to hurt it is not they are
harmless it's not like they're you know
hurting people I'm not never said that I
never said that gonna be a furry few I'd
be afraid I don't give a shit
it's weird
but who am I to judge yeah I just
figured something that's not my flavor
like I totally like kibbles and bits
yeah exactly
like for instance I'm not gay I
understand that some people are gay and
I totally respect them being that way
it's just not my thing
I figured you know furries like that you
know some people are into that I'm not
one of them
I thought with rich Evans chest hair he
was already a furry - Wow I can't I
can't help that wait
wax it or something but I like your
Chester that hurt never really hurt or
you could like shave it off but then
you'd have like pretty hey guys got me a
frickin did I do not always call you a
prick
it's not a my usual vocabulary I might
not to say the micro cable is squeaky
clean it's just that prick isn't what I
used to use rich what animal would you
like to be you know they asked me that
in like grade school god I think might
even have been kinder you study huge
right I said human why the hell would I
want to be an animal like eat off the
floor live in the woods shit outside the
winner how'd you like to be like not not
have my intelligence how'd you like to
be our family dog no he's kind of pretty
good he's gonna live 10 years then he's
gonna die and you're gonna you're gonna
you're gonna be the one to do it well
it's a horrible way to go we'll be the
ones to do it and he'll have no idea
what's coming people constantly telling
you one you can do this or that you want
to go outside you got what's much
outside I have to work it sounds
horrible on the whole I think it's
Pettit all the time and sleeping
whenever and wherever he wants pretty
much I mean but but when asked that
question as a kid my answer was just
like like real quick and even think
about a human you must use your magic I
don't want to be an animal if you're
gonna be an animal what animal with a
human is the only answer I have to that
question anything else is just mercy
kill me well how about a blue whale no
they just swim all day for a hundred
years
they soak more than a hundred and they
socialize and and you know how fucking
boring would it be to be a blue whale
maybe they hit they have maybe they have
complex thoughts and complex
interactions and stuff that you don't
know anything about maybe the great
storytellers obviously they can't write
them down a human is not an animal yes
it is
yes yes it is I knew that when I was in
grade school in the sense that we were
you know mammals primates which has six
blue whales in his family history I
think we're only distantly related to
200 yeah I think I think I read that
somewhere I mean whales very long-lived
wonder how many years does it take them
to reach maturity all right you sucker
bastard what sucker
I missed ah is this game really more fun
than swimming for a hundred years hey
I'm not playing it
I'm the anti-crime man I asked you as a
Oh as long as you're enjoying yourself
all right I mean I'm ready to play
something else maybe you've been playing
this for like an hour
I'm just here to be played these games
for a huge chunk of time I'm just here
to be a comical grumpy asshole that's
all I'm here for seed so well if you
want to and only if you want to we could
see if I have something else lovely
camera procured I got the hammer clip it
is it a weapon can you dirty have a
hammer equipped oh you could have got
one for free now you know that it's okay
I can sell it I mean granted I won't get
as much for selling something as I would
stuff
mr. lizard
ah you played doom 3 often why not quake
4 no just because I haven't yet I like
quake 4 is that one
only holy bloody skeleton it was on
school
he sounds badass Kingston arm off and
beats me with it awesome this is why I
love you
looks like ten people are watching the
agdq speedrun right now what are they
having a bad year
what's an agdq awesome games done quick
or the marathon I was talking about
earlier which is why I kind of figured
we'd only have ten people in here
tonight didn't know didn't know for sure
what was gonna happen
so speed thingies are big thing huh the
one this particular thing is pretty
popular okay I'm out of the loop
sometimes it depends on the game
sometimes they're really fun to watch
this is one guy I think names trihex I
saw him like trihex trihex I think does
a speed Brahman of Yoshi's Island and
that's really entertaining because you
have to be really good at the game to
play it fast he's he's doing like that
game that's cute he's doing all of these
crazy shots with eggs and hitting things
that are off-screen and he's just really
good at the game and then you see other
speedruns where they just spend like an
hour doing these fucking ridiculous
glitches so they can skip over 90% of
the game and I can't stand back that's
boring to watch well you're not really
playing the game will do something I
guess technically you beat it so you
wouldn't want to watch somebody do a
speedrun through Super Mario Brothers
where they use warp more Oh at least the
warp is built into the game this would
be like or somebody figured out where if
you jump into this one brick at this
precise angle it takes you right past
Bowser and the last stage of the game
yeah they give that kind of shit we
found a way to go out of bounds and
level and then you could just walk
around everything yeah there's some
stuff in Mario
where you can do that but they're all
glitches where like nothing happens you
just run around then the sleeps
something old
you should watch Mary are you talking
about one okay is there another to t1 a
lot of there's some there's some shit
mario64 words like you're not even
playing the game hey you know what not
you know not like at all I can't handle
the graphics on 64 just so primitive
it's always been a blurry ugly piece of
shit they did they did update the
graphics somewhat for the DS version
yeah the DS versions of all the 64 games
look better which is sad and I've seen
people I've seen mu emulators and I mess
with him a little bit few years back
where people had skinned it and they
were like doing bitmaps and stuff to
make it look pretty which was kind of an
interesting concept but never really
mess with it
because I was never that much in this
the best are the mario world programming
runs were through movement they program
it in a buffer overrun in memory so that
it skips to the end credits yep oh that
yeah I guess she'll beat it quick that
way but there's not it's not really
beating just a peel but they can they
can do some interesting stuff I will say
this they can do some interesting stuff
with that because they can basically
reprogram Super Mario World
I saw somebody once they can't do it by
hand they have to use like up a computer
to do the actual inputs but somebody
just using like the controller the
control inputs reprogram Super Mario
World to be super mario brothers the
original and then they played just using
the controller yes now when I when I
used to play Super Mario Brothers 2 and
any other ones I you know on the
original NES system sometimes I'd get
dust in the screen and there be weird
glitches and I remember there was one
one time there was something got in the
screen and until I reset it and whatnot
like all of the backgrounds were
cherries and different things like all
the different sprites were switched
around I'd love to see somebody mess
with it you know the program it to do
that mmm that look really needs never
like cherries everywhere yes I know they
do non glitch runs as well and those are
the ones I like to watch so it's actual
skills so maybe play out very very very
fast who probably has no life that could
be mean but I you think this is a grind
fighting game over and over again see
happiness speedrun I want to find a way
to do this game in like 25 minutes
though they would find a way to do it
maybe they'd be bit of beating the game
by now they'd be on the game number two
Oh probably I mean I can even play I
probably play this faster I'm just kind
of zoning out and talking to you and
playing this but this is why I'm
suggesting why don't you have something
else to do I'm good I mean I've been
playing this for like you done this on
sure I've been playing for like oh yeah
turn off can't play it forever
alright let me save one more sure
okay but scores are hundreds of people
watching others playing a boring game oh
wait look you're here for the talking
yep and this is a game where I can talk
without having too much of my attention
most of the time and that's wrecked
that's the one thing that's hit or miss
with awesome games done quick is
sometimes just the commentary is either
terrible or non-existent I can't imagine
they have much time
yeah too busy playing the game where's
this I'm spending I'm just kind of
spewing around the smarter people have a
friend on the couch she was doing
commentary
and we've talked about Star Trek and
kraut milk and Pictoris furry the bird
do you want me to throw up or do you
want me donating right now an excellent
book called the green amber which is
like you know it's like a fantasy novel
but it's it stars bunny rabbits uh-huh
and now I keep thinking because I was
reading about rabbits not long ago about
how they they Canyon the way their
intestines set up they eat it's not
quite poop but that's it back through
and I find it I just find it interesting
that they completely skip over that so
I'm wondering you know first they
mention
or just you know just in general some of
the gross things that animals do by
human standards you know how is chewing
cud or suppose there's gonna be a scene
in the upcoming movie Zootopia or the
rabbit character eats her own poop
probably is that gonna happen
see that's not gonna be a dinner scene
where she just she just squats over the
table and then has a meal I would I
would love that that would be hysterical
the cow character like barks up some cud
to chew or you know something lots of
animals pee all over everything that
doesn't that isn't nailed down and most
things that are what does widen poverty
I know yeah makes you a waiver or
something what's a waiver something
wyvern it's a kind of flying thing of a
barber
welcome my son record my progress and
overwrite
all right let's go but go create
something come up something else for us
to play for a while
quick save
what without save I already said okay
well know what yeah okay so right now I
hope so
all right we'll see
where's mouse where's my mouse you need
to be clicking on my miss house I have
no idea where he put it rich sitting on
a can of redbull and my tablet well if
you don't know something maybe you
should stop acting like you know
everything why are you back I told you
to quit quit sleepy dragon die die game
died frozen in dragon Fantasyland yeah
mostly I play these you just yeah will
say I play these games and relatively
small doses are we still streaming um
can anybody see me are we still there it
looks like we're still going okay yeah
thank you you know what can you well I'm
getting on your game can you read off
everyone who subscribed 100 to viewers
Rhys absque ride while you were away
Caesarion fart thank you radio link down
gobbledygook say what some gravitas
these are our subscribers Karen no dairy
and fart like you get some serían fart
thank you genuinely radio link down we
appreciate it
gobbledygook we do appreciate you guys
genuinely the real Quaid thank you Bill
teehee bill let's Lee whatever your name
is and with the underscores thank you a
Michael 87 thank you for 16 months in a
row wow there's some big numbers here my
turds are green maybe you should stop
eating so much black licorice eczema
thank you frosty snooze thank you very
much
Dino spumoni spumoni is ice cream isn't
it lonely loner Arkin Thank You c'n our
crow narc
Kanaka know whatever thank you canner
Ken or
m-mine thank you Lando wasthe acun thank
you the real V on many thanks daegil bah
dave feelin dunk
it's a Chinaman merci beaucoup
skeletal snuggles Thank You Ernest Khan
Thank You star our bowls
thank you and sausage toes you might
want to get that checked out
thank you thank you all very much really
it is much appreciated a thing
a quest carefully you don't run into any
rock monsters or vampires because they
suck but old bulb
how about this um diffusal manual okay
everybody can find out ad um I really am
because I'm not really much of a good
gamer I did this already of parent I'm
certainly not dressed glamorous way or
anything I was not it was a bit
surprised I did not know we were gonna
be doing this stream and I was certainly
game for it but which wants to put me on
camera I wearing my usual stuff which is
nothing glamorous the bomb game into the
crucible their relationship Falls
we're both nude oh no there's a scary
thought
dude and chubby both of us
everyone in the chat is new - well I
feel more comfortable now wha will we
kiss on camera I think we could do that
we could make it we can make it out
g-rated kiss you kiss your paint
I want my taint your pate Oh Lord no I
thought you said taint
pa te that's certainly not g-rated no it
wouldn't being at least
I'm the only girl miss Chen Oh years ago
I always use the gender-neutral kind of
Maine
lots of people assumed that I was male
just for no particular reason that way I
didn't really care you know I mean I
wasn't really interested people would
beg me old days people would be like you
know everybody's like ASL you know
ageless yeah text location it's like
what ya know most of them were probably
15 but yeah I didn't care if people
thought I mean generally if I got to
know people and they referred to me as
he I'd be like god no machine but ya
know I really didn't care I didn't know
figured whatever I had to say you really
have much to do with you gonna be a
while should I you I hit the restroom if
you have to take a break I shouldn't
drink so much Red Bull this we're taking
a break we'll be back we'll be back with
the tweeter birds coming out of your
forehead I love that picture
you
you're now audio is life audio is
functional actually I probably did that
premature leagues on the run with
restroom on camera I'm on camera people
can see me cleaning crap out from under
my nails no idea what they're saying not
small just further away no I'm kind of
shrimpy Karen's yawning suggests this
won't go far Karen usually works really
early Karen's body is just on a
different schedule
hi dick neutral could you read that
donation from serene but please don't
give this money to starving orphans from
from caesarian fart a very generous
donation please don't give this money to
any starving orphans also who do you
think is the most boring worthless main
cast character in a trek series that
isn't Voyager or enterprise well I'm not
sure what Rich's opinion is is mine
let's see Wharf can be kind of annoying
dyma diamond or whatever isn't the best
I I don't know I'm sure we should come
up with a a better one and from HAP 78
another generous donation they want to
wish make sure rich airs this when he
comes back I just wanted she says I just
or he says he or she I just want to wish
rich Jack and the whole rlm team a Merry
Christmas jack have a safe and wonderful
vacation with the family that will be
passed along thank you too for your
donation that's very nice of you guys Oh
Wesley yeah
no nobody well yeah Wesley Wesley is not
anyone's favorite you know I was
watching or yeah I was watching the man
in the high castle which is an Amazon
original series
based on a book by philip k dick where
it's like kind of like a what if what if
the axis had won the Second World War
and one of the big Nazi guys on that
show his son is Wesley completely well I
shaved my head and be the new Jack
probably not see the problem you know I
mean but while heroness well hair can be
a pain in the neck
the trouble with shaving your head if
you're a woman is that people think that
you're on chemo and you know I feel bad
for people who are I mean it's
unfortunate but but yeah I'd have
everybody telling me that I'm brave for
battling something and I'm not battling
anything people would assume that I was
ill and I'm not how did I end up with
men Bisons hat no no but it on Amazon
it's got a little mouse on there came
that somebody gave me because I love
mice mice are cute kind of my favorite
animal my upsides dogs so you might you
might be curious as to why I'm sitting
backwards so you can't see the screen
and I can okay you're smart
I should never underestimate that yes
it's like when I walked into my art
class in high school and he had all the
deaths facing each other and I said
we're gonna draw each other aren't we
suppose all the other dumb kids look
what the fuck's going on somebody said
that they wanted to wish you and Jack
and the whole rlm team a Merry Christmas
and Jack to have a wonderful vacation
with the family so if you could pass on
those regards to check and make sure you
saw that I will do that mom that was
from Happ 78 who made a donation
generously that maybe from the last
stream I'm not I never sent sure okay
alright there's more down there um Mouse
down I think everyone else is older Oh
what does the date say 12 22 yeah okay
and then this one is the cesarean part
it sounds like a horrible condition 1 3
2006 okay
here's here's what's going on we're
gonna defuse a bomb together
you get to see the bomb no we're
probably just gonna blow up together
well I'll ruin it you get to see the
bomb I get to see the manual I don't get
to see the bomb you don't get to see the
manual and am I using this thing using
that you might be able to use a mouse
but I forget that might be more
comfortable right now
I don't know hit button hit up suit get
the game good thing was started good
thing too stuck I hit the right one in
the first try go to menu is there a
tutorial so you can figure out how to
move this thing around right options you
know what go to bombs bombs yeah just do
that do what was it started click on it
one point one game overview enrolls one
identifier game overview and rows rolls
to description a brief overview of keep
talking and nobody explodes it's him the
roles of each player this was shown when
the game was first launched attachments
we gonna do that again so you cuz you
didn't see it when the game first
launched start vibration this is a local
multiplayer game for two or more players
you are the bomb defuser your goals to
defuse a bomb with the help of your
friends your friends are the edge of the
enemies what soon to be enemies your
friends and the experts who guide you by
using the bomb defusal manual the
experts the bomb defusal manual the
defuser is not allowed to look at the
manual ah folks - the experts are not
allowed to look at the screen try fun
ways to keep the defuser isolated but
with an earshot of the experts the
experts can find the bomb defusal manual
@wm manual calm
you get the controls richer's you had to
move the bomb around control should be
said oh it didn't do oh ok nevermind hit
that again go to the second one control
tutorial yes learn the controls of the
game an important step toward not
exploding this was shown when the game
was first launched except I know your
words I'm doing it again let's quickly
go over the controls of this game
select the bomb on the table to pick it
up next cut the blue wire in the top
middle module to selection with this
thing and select with a first select the
module ok and then select the wire you
wish to cut they said blue a new bomb
was just placed on the table pick up the
new bomb do you select the current
module then do you select the old bomb
to put it back so deselect and then get
rid of that bomb and then go over to
this one select the button module and
press the button boom the bomb was not
armed so it was safe to interact with
don't be careless when dealing with an
armed bomb one last thing to try out
rotate to inspect any of the sides top
or bottom I wish I could do that at work
with product that would be awesome if
you ever need a reminder of these
controls the diagram could be found in
the menu by pressing the Escape key
which is which key oh ok
will be fine it's fine we'll be fine
and I see a is this one of those
I think all those things a slide
projector an old-fashioned slide
projector is that what that is over
there behind there
oh yeah yeah vacation slides all right
let's do a bump go two bumps
oh yeah won't take you through the easy
ones first time for some identifiers the
first bomb description everyone has to
start somewhere
let's just hope it doesn't end here to
make sure your experts have the manual
or and are ready to help bomb
configuration five minutes three modules
three strikes best time two minutes of
58 seconds remaining defused start okay
you have to describe things to be known
what are the screws for your eyes only
you're not allowed to look at the bomb
defusal manual the white zone is for
immediate unloading and loading of
passengers only there is no stopping in
the red zone this
23:21 no I didn't I looked at your face
the clock it says 2321 there's this
thing has a countdown timer for five
minutes there's a TRN button on the
bottom there's a red battery CRN button
yeah you mean like a button tan maybe
there's a little indicator or something
we're worried about like those the
sectioned off areas there should be like
six on either side of the bomb okay
there's uh there's a timer thing with it
says fourth 4:30 that's coming down
that's nice like it has like a speaker
next to it and there's a little window
over that doesn't say anything yes
there's a section with wires there's a
black wire or a black wire or blue wire
a space and the white wire wires and the
subject of wires a wire module kind of
three to six wires on it only one
correct wire needs to be cut to this arm
of the module
okay how many wires are there there are
four four wires if there was is there
more than one red wire there are no red
wires okay is the last wire yellow it is
not it's white is there only one blue
wire there is one blue wire just one yes
cut the first wire
okay okay next what do we got what do we
got we have to blank looking sections
don't worry about those gotta worry
about three number three well three of
them ALAB something in them excuse me oh
wait I'm trying to get over to this
section how do I get over to the section
I can't look at the screen to help you
I'm the wire section I cut two wires oh
no don't do that I didn't mean to back
out back out okay there's a detonate
button it's blue it's just detonate yes
it's in the upper right hand corner okay
it's blue butter it is but doesn't say
board is there more than one battery on
the bomb on the bottom of it anywhere on
the Sun the batter on the bomb it'll
look like a regular either double-a or
triple-a like batteries batteries on the
bomb okay press it immediately release
the butter like the the big button yep
okay it's good thank you
okay next section there's a collection
of symbols one looks a bit like a
mountain or a letter A with a line
coming down okay looks like a tennis
racket one looks sort of like a check
mark and one looks sort of like the
person recursive letter H a like a
mountain tennis record and what's the
other one's sort of like a check mark
with with little tails and I'm off of
both edges okay and the other one looks
sort of like a cursive letter H or
something looks like an eight tennis hit
the tennis record a with the T the check
mark
and then the H with cursive okay we
don't think so all right first one but
but but but but I cut two wires you get
three strikes okay and that one so we're
good maybe five Dumbo I'm not supposed
to look at you oh come on no make it a
tough moving target it's okay between
bombs we're gonna switch off at some
point you're gonna use the manual okay
well at least you'll be able to I won't
be like hitting the wrong button because
I hit a insects fine how's the chat
liking this um are the symbols like
Norse runes maybe the webcam is frozen
we can't see the high-five can you see
me waving frozen screen okay okay they
want to see the high-fives we will
reenact the high-fives
some fish
yet we're not moving we're first I I'm
going to stop and restart the stream

[Part III]
it's cold globe look can they sit will
they even be able that's a little tiny
itty-bitty camera it's like a web camera
is it a webcam yeah all right you ready
to get back to it I am
let's go defuse some more bombs okay oh
yeah right
bombs would set the game up with my back
turned and without any kind of
controller in my hand are we going back
to the first bomb no no we can do sir
one something old something new section
to the basics 2.1 identifiers something
old something new description when did
seeing a familiar bomb become comforting
no matter this bomb will only be half
comforting um configuration five minutes
three modules three strikes best time 18
seconds remaining okay start okay this
screen is for your eyes only you are not
allowed to look at the bomb defusal
manual no no all right here's a bomb
it's kind of dark in here that's not
okay okay so the front of the bomb has a
diamond-shaped wind almost like a
Windows logo Simon Says yes but not
Simon Says yes only hit the buttons I
tell you sir okay because i'm bad at
this i think the page won't turn the
pages pages stuck together why is the
page stuck together there's no
pornography in her
okay what is flashing the blue one
flashes a little just the blue one just
oh just the serial number of the bomb
have a vowel serial number having foul
it does okay the serial number of the
contains a ball and it's flashing blue
hit red all right now what's a donor
there we go okay it's went from red to
blue to green now it's doing red blue
and green red blue green blue green blue
and green okay hit red and yellow blue
green blue action red yellow red
yeah doesn't do anything now the green
light went on I go to the next wait the
green Oh Venice done that it's done okay
there's an abort button it's red all
right is there room wait okay does not
say dead nay what does it say abort okay
it's red is it white it's red okay it's
white it's red it's red it's a red Oh
boys like oh wait hold button and read
I'm sorry I'm sorry
are there more than two batteries on the
bomb one - I see - just - exactly - all
right and what does it say again abort
which is record and hold which is white
and those are two separate sections all
right now you're gonna hold the button
down don't let go with a button the
abort hold yes hold it down there should
be a indicator with a color what color
is it red all right you have to release
it when the countdown timer has a one in
any position okay next hold button it's
white oh another whole buzzer oh my god
no this is hold that was a board well
another another butter is there now
doesn't it it says what it says what
does it say hold it's white it's is hold
if the button is white and there is a
lit indicator with the label ciear
there is not is there any label that
says any like frk era frk is lit TRN is
omelette but there frk and it's lit are
there more than two batteries there were
exactly two batteries okay and this is a
white button right it is all the time
tell me what color it is red the red
indicator do you want in any position
yeah
since it was doing the countdown oh yeah
time to replicate the high five down low
um and then add in complaints about not
be able to find your hand because I
can't look at you but this time I looked
at you look at you can maybe bland said
the man I think it's okay cuz you're
gonna be reading this at some point yeah
I wasn't like I was looking at it within
test comprehended all right y'all do the
next one okay or do you want to do one
more like this oh let's see
bombs first spot second time third bomb
third bomb double your money identifiers
double your money description the task
is to clear but the timer doesn't care
about your workload the task is clear
excuse me I'm configuration five minutes
six modules three strikes and less time
31 seconds remaining
how much time remaining do we have last
time little less than two minutes oh so
we really kicked that apart this screen
is for my eyes only blah blah blah okay
Bom Bom has a blue detonate button a
white press button some more room type
things and a set of wires the blue one
it says detonate yes is there more than
one battery
there are two batters pressing
immediately release okay that's done all
right next one the press button all
right yeah we're colors it's white it's
us press it's white it's white it says
is there a litigator with a label ciear
there's not a lot
is there any indicator oh there's more
food things on the back I don't see any
indicator no there's an indicator for
frk omelette omelette all right white
wine okay huh hold down the button what
color is your strip red one in any
position done next next next next X
disks runes bruise like that I'm gonna
call the rooms from now on what do we
got what do we got backwards and a pound
sign slowly backwards and is it got like
a little thing on top of it a curvy face
okay a kind of like a pound sign missing
one of its things like an H with things
hanging off of it a Y like a Y with a
line through it
mmm like a epsilon symbol or something
and it's like a backwards E with a
couple dots over right Eve with the dots
pound sign with the missing thing yeah
then the then the you at the I throat
and then the backwards in does he order
you have to hit yeah yeah okay he first
wait wait okay okay backwards e
backwards e palm sign with a missing
thing you with the I through it and the
backwards him done okay well we got
wires red red white yellow blue white oh
my god oh my god I got to get the buyers
page and all kinds of things are gonna
happen when I get to the wires page let
me tell you
all right how many where's total six six
wires are there yellow wires there's one
where one yellow wire okay
there's what this one one wire is yellow
is there more than one white wire two
white wires cut the fourth wire okay
okay next
more wires okay how many yellow white
blue dome anymore it's a more than one
red wire no there are no word lawyers is
the last wire yellow it's blue is there
exactly one blue wire there are two
and as there more than one yellow wire
there's one cut the second wire done
good more runes okay the aichi thing
with each ething the thing that looks
like an H the thing that looks like the
checkmark a backward C with a dot in the
middle and an upside-down anyway slower
slower the curse of H the curse of eight
and what else the thing that looks like
a check okay
the like an upside-down Y with a little
slash through its tail and a backwards C
with a dot in the middle though upside
down why say dunno why your check mark
thing
the curse of H and the backward C good
said all of them
so how much time do we have
where's I tell you how much time you
have okay
fifty-seven point best i7 six seconds
right now you get to use the manual oh
dear is something
bound shoes old manual about find it and
find it in the um plastic thingies well
I'm sorry it's not it's not bound ear
your your specifications
anyway bitch you can do that
sure they can alright what was that the
fourth one pick up the pace then do we
do double your money or was that yes did
we do one step up no I don't want step
up them for those who have made it this
far and want something tougher but not
too tough five minute five minutes four
modules
three strikes now our best time here
1:13 remaining it's pretty good alright
are you ready to flip through that first
yes ma'am
next to me is my fiancee hi the love of
my life
Jarek teeny teeny tiny characters
already too slippery I can't turn the
page there's a module section there's a
danger sort of world of bomb defusing
page diffusing bombs subject of wires so
you can kind of see how this first step
to that's part of who's on first right
lights are off here we go let's run
picking up the bomb yellow button that
says detonate a yellow
it says detonator is there more than one
battery on the bomb
there are no batteries the button white
it's yellow if the button is yellow hold
the button and refer to releasing the
hell of a button
releasing the Help button okay if you
start holding the button down a colored
strip light up based on its color you
must release the button at a specific
point Lu it's glowing blue release the
button with a countdown timer has a four
okay good
wires there are three wires one red wire
there's a more than one red wire no just
wonder is the last wear black know how
many wears out there three there are no
red wires cut the sec there's one red
wire otherwise if the last wire is white
cut the last last wire is red if there's
more than one blue wire cut the last
blue wire done Simon Says green is
blinking
yellow is sure that's not more to it
than that no strikes one strikes one to
four buttons will usually the correct
table press the button for something to
come up the original button will flash
followed by none to repeat the sequence
sequence will lengthen by one time you
correctly nursing button to press no
strikes one strike two strikes red flash
blue flash green flash yellow flash all
right Green is flashing green is
flashing no strikes
mm-hmm okay
yo now it's green red green red yellow
green yellow blue green
green red yellow blue green yellow blue
green red okay green red yellow blue red
green red yellow blue red red green red
yellow blue red yellow green red yellow
blue and then red yellow I don't know I
screwed up I screwed up we got one
strike now green oh god oh god
green red yellow blue red with one
strike good all right now we got a four
with four buttons it's it's a big window
with a number in it and then four
buttons it's probably some kind of
memory game no it's not that button this
is screen with a number in it I want to
make it nervous but we have 20 seconds
and you can say goodbye that's all I get
my love my wife for you that's a fine
way to go out that's a fine way to go
all right
that was my fault I fucked up the memory
and I fucked up
trying to keep memories and look up
different colors okay it's okay
all right we're we trying we're retry it
that was all on me not on you all right
let's do memory first because I fucking
hate memory
Simon Says memory green okay no strikes
wait by the way the serial number
contain about yes it does okay good cuz
I guessed right cuz I didn't know I knew
that the first time but I didn't want to
ruin your experience with the game green
yellow okay
green red yellow blue green red yellow
yellow blue green oh we're done all
right now let's let's find this stupid
thing with the four numbers there's one
screen that's got a number in it that
number is four under that screen are
four other numbers one two three four
okay it says form stage one
the display is four press the button in
the fourth position all right that is
button number three one if the displays
one press the button labeled four okay
three press the button in the third
position
that button is to know what does it say
to press the button in the first
position which is to form press the
button with the same luck label you
pressed in stage three was it - I think
it was - yes it was two symbols
yeah rooms rooms rooms upside-down P
okay all right well one is all and then
ones that upset or we got a upside dumpy
upside down question mark I got two K's
back to back is how it kind of looks yes
upside-down question mark and then
basically looks like a six top to bottom
what is what comes first no oh is this
chain does this change with the number
of strikes I don't think so okay this is
six six okay okay okay okay
the question all right wires there's six
wires you doing great there are six
wires are there yellow wires one yellow
wire if there is there one yellow wire
one yellow wire and not is there more
than one white wire there's two so yes
all right we're done we're done we're
done one minute and 15 seconds I don't
remember it's close we're close that's
time yeah we did it we did it
that kessaris darling
that was one step up right okay pick up
the pace pick up the pace right no much
faster you better pick up the pace of my
heart my cortisol release three minutes
I heard reading this only uses up time
you don't have chop-chop three minutes
three modules three strikes
here's hope our best time 55 seconds
remaining
okay um we got that number thing again
with the buttons for the four buttons
it's big three
the display is three press the button in
the third position which is also three
four press the button in the same
position as your Preston stage one which
is labeled one bow buttoning in the same
position not the same but yes it's
already good now it says water alright
if the displays one press the button
with the same level eight label you
pressed in stage two okay sis - if the
display is to press the button in the
first position okay for press the button
with the same label you pressed in stage
three yes we're good alright ruse a ruse
yeah yes we have the k's back-to-back we
got something that just looks like a
curly cue just a squiggle and then
there's something it looks like a but
basically just looks like a button worth
or a three on its back and then there's
a star that's not filled in okay so the
butt is first but squiggle yeah
back to back KS good good alright now we
got a we got a new one I believe this is
the section you saw that said who's on
first the display read the label of a
particular button proceed to step two is
there's an eyeball thingy like
see you guys know just as nothing so
it's blank
it says no literally the word nothing is
in there okay then you you would want to
do the second the left hand side second
one down I'd kind of know how this works
is more to it that it says next then you
have to look at the next page yep what
what with a question Marcus nope okay
now it's just nothing the the column on
the right the second one down is what we
want Karen I'm good though I got five
seconds I love you very much
c'est la vie c'est la vie retry such was
life anyway how you express past tense
in French French I think I can handle 10
cents German right
Simon Says buzzing yes there's a lot to
say gosh darn it Karen the clock is
running down okay blue blue red a serial
number
Oh serial number contains about yes okay
then red okay
blue yellow red green oak shit I
accidentally hit yellow I went down
instead of over who yellow becomes green
red okay blue yellow green blue all
right we're good we're good
for with the buttons number four on the
screen and the four buttons it says to
fourth position - no no this one now if
the display is one press the button
labeled four okay it says to press the
button with the same label as your
pressed in stage one - okay four press
the button in the same position as your
president Stage two
for if the display is for press the
button with the same label you press the
stage 3 yes it was white button mrs.
press volume humming press press white
press white no lit indicators 2
batteries we're done we're done I think
they did it didn't work actually I guess
I didn't press it in time but we blowed
up we came close that's the point what
one more than we switch that I'm in the
hot seat you know what we'll take notes
I'll take notes oh shit oh shit we're
going cymbals you were the I threw it
the upside down P a black star and then
something that looks kind of like a
musical note thing almost like a like a
backwards P kind of thing you think with
an eye through it and the P upside down
P kind of backwards P thing was kinda
like a musical no than a black star yeah
well yeah it doesn't matter what
position right here but what position
they're in there Oh stars last what's
first I need first you you were the guy
then we got Pete upside down Pete yes
then the musical note yes and then the
black star okay
who's who's on first what does it say
read our ad right-hand side second
window so the right column yes it says
you h hu H uh-huh uh-huh
your y OE y uu u r u r u y OU u or the
letter u y OU you we're doing something
wrong read the directions uh-huh no it's
no it's a step one press the first
button that appears in its corresponding
lies okay right it says first now it
says first first left okay wait wait
wait wait wait wait another main display
changed the main displaces first right
you are like the letter U the letter R
done done all right now it says read our
ee d o u HHH
no bottom right you owe that have a
still that was some I'm dead anyway
okay well swish shop well switch off is
okay it's okay
I don't think I don't think that would
help relaxing music lighting excuse me
I'm busy trimming my lights down here is
fine it was fine everything's fine areas
fine it's a it's a video game
the video game where you defuse a fake
bomb but I'm like failing you oh oh my
digital life has been ended virtually
for shame that I am still actually here
it's driving me nuts
I guess that's cuz I got it so why are
you seeing in front of a green screen is
there like stuff being broadcast so it
looks like you're it looks like we're in
front of the game you they don't see the
green question is I hope the sweaters in
the different shade this is sweater make
them looked like he's wearing like no
body undoubtedly I kind of doubt it I
wasn't planning on this when I came here
so okay retry yeah we eat it's all good
it's all good it's all good honey
I want a massage we're you know Mecca
via ring okay so there's a white button
that says hold
is there a lip indicator with a label
ciear
see AR yes
are there more than two batteries this
is the indicator that says frk
hold the button color is a strip yellow
release it when the countdown timer has
a 5 okay next Sam says free green green
green is there a vowel on the serial
number
yes all right it's flashing green yes
yellow green blue yellow red green blue
blue yellow red red yellow red red
yellow okay there's a like a pegboard
with a couple of circles on it and the
triangle that spins in the corner it
looks like it's like a pegboard that has
two pegs pushed into it they're like
little green circle by the way in the
back okay where are the circles rose and
cones
there's one in the second from the right
column on the third row down server down
Oh from the right Oh God
okay where's the other one circle on the
bottom row four over the right you are
you doing everything from the right okay
that's fine
where's the right where's the white
where's the white thing second row from
the right third row from the top from is
from the right right
yes so second over from the right and
how much how far down third from the top
so it's in the circle yes
where's the red triangle all right
go over one to the right down all the
way
what happened oh we're at a time yeah oh
I'm sorry I didn't feel like telling you
we were running out of time because
that's just gonna stress you out we're
close though we're close we do this we
do this here try we got it we got it
it's all good it's all good we're gonna
do it we're gonna do it baby
you and me I'm in it to win it oh it's
already started our last four seconds
okay there's a wipe detonate button what
does it say it didn't it mm is it more
than one battery yes immediately release
the button after pressing it okay next
next next next um there's a board just
like sort of like a calculator except
for instead of buttons it has six words
okay what is the top word no indicate
upper left and oh the top word top Cee
and the screen Cee Cee Cee what's in the
bottom right left L EFT
hit the first word that's actually there
okay right left
wait the first word that's actually here
yep on the on the upper left in any of
them in any of them no no that said
right then I'm gonna list I was gonna
read off the word oh now it's a C letter
C word Cee bottom right no tell me
what's in there I need to know what's in
there oh okay now it says you're and the
bottom right says sure spell your su why
oh you are
all right second column over to the
right middle button what does it say
your why are you apostrophe re why are
you ' are e why are you hit why is it
there no you are you were your yes
hit that wait use the first button that
a court push the first button that
appears and it's a corresponding list
and it was why are you apostrophe re
right should be there why you re button
wasn't was was on the in the middle on
the right I don't know what went wrong
let's try again hey this word they would
have things listed after tha-tha-that's
just bizarre am I not understanding
someone with us I don't know but you
know I was like a James Bond first then
there's something I would have died so
long ago would have been like oh there's
your first half of a motion I don't get
it
I don't get why that didn't work Oh
somebody said I think rich meant you are
the letter U and are I hit you are okay
well so what's the letters not do maybe
maybe let's do it again okay you can no
it's okay you getting frazzled okay we
need we need a chat room for a victory
nice laid-back window we need are you
this will like my grind Wow we need a
victory Karen alrighty a victory okay so
the button says your why are you
apostrophe re all right why are you
apostrophe re yes
all right the one over you know the
second columns second button down and
then like in the between what does it
say it says first
alright using the label from step one
push the first button that appears in
its corresponding list first fi rst okay
is the board left there left the word
okay okay a Y as word yes there no
middle middle next one okay there I
spell it th e ir the I REI REI REI REI
are alright second column middle button
your why oh you are oh you hu H yes hit
it okay next hold on
bottom right no blank you HHH oh wait no
and when I said blank I said the word
blank right it's not there alright first
know what okay so wires wires
how many where's six are there yellow
wires yes yes is there exactly one
yellow wire yes
is there more than one white wire no are
there no red wires there is a red wire
cut the last wire
No there are six wires yes there are no
yellow wires there's one yellow one if
there's exactly one yellow wire and
there is more than one white wire cut
the fourth wire so more than one way
where otherwise if there are no red
wires cut the fourth where are you sure
they're six one two three four five six
if there are there's one yellow wire yes
there's not more than one white way yeah
I don't get it I don't get we got that
we conquered the stupid who's on first I
get fucked by stupid wires I showed you
that one thing that was like a kind of a
play on it I don't think that's how you
do it in France no told me I was all the
rage - 54 - 52 what makes you consider
what - you're why oh you are
why are you are okay uh second columns
middle button your why oh you are oh you
HOH it's there get it oh oh
Cee bottom right like like you
apostrophe re next the letter you the
letters you are hold done done hit done
yeah yeah okay the first one you hear
when I do that okay top right next what
question mark that's there
hit it next you space are why will you
space a re I'm right
wait
you HHH yes wires
okay how many where's six yellow wires
21 yellow on yellow where's there more
than one white wire no are there no red
wires there are red wires there are
there are red wires yes cut the fourth
wire okay Simon Says hello blue no does
not it's blue yellow that beeped yeah
there must be of all them you sure does
not home
that's okay the difficulty curve is like
not because I'm playing changing sexes
yeah we give you a little crown we'll
just stuff a sock down your pants it'll
be fine okay it'll fool the Queen all
right
2:59 give me a section give me aways and
abort button that's red there's more
than one battery in the bottom oh wait
it doesn't take that Nate though it says
abort abort
that's right is there more than two
batteries in the bomber there's two
batteries in the bottom it was not more
than two just two that's white it's red
it's red I'm sorry it's a support yes
okay hold the butter
yellow 5 in any position
okay next who's on first led led led
first column middle first column private
press press press press press press
right
no with a more middle no yes yes no I
know I'm right
first left no okay
yes middle no right yes okay okay no
it's nothing
I know th ing first column it'll hold
you our words the number four with the
four numbers underneath my nutsack all
right what's the number safe more and
then three four two one
yeah if the display is for press the
button in the fourth position well what
number was it we gotta remember these
things okay all right what's the display
say three first position before that's
the next number sis form the first
position says for they hit it hit it
whatever was okay Stage three
what's a great third position hit the
button in the third position it says
three okay one same position as you
pressed in stage one which was the
fourth position hit the fourth position
for same label you pressed in stage
three try it we starting over from one
yeah I mean what's the number for fourth
position one okay
stay what's this next one to same
position you press the stage once press
the fourth position
fourth all it says for now that's all
what did you hit for fourth position
okay now what's the wasn't displace a no
no no I'm gonna get you through alive I
have to get you through a life at least
at least once at least once I'm terrible
this game wasn't one terrible I can't
remember I'm not good at remembering
shit just pen
that's cheating no so I didn't have a
pen I do have a pen I got a pen in my
little thing above our give me a sec let
me pull it up I've got a pen and I've
got a little-bitty no pet adorable
I always use my Cologne good we're gonna
use your anybody notepad then it's gonna
be great we're gonna get some new side
of shit oh that's just a drive they're
probably okay oh right II here's my pad
and my adorable little Oh spring-loaded
got it earns a noble's all right right
now we're gonna do this and we're gonna
do this right yeah cuz I care about you
and I need you to live here can hated me
to live in real life this is turning
into my worst nightmare sleeping
together at the foot giant erson my Joe
and not you know after having climbed
the hill together know we'd be blown off
that fucker let's go let's go the brow
is bailed
all right try forsaken bomb it's got the
little room symbols symbols the check
mark things something looks like a
tennis racket something that look kind
looks like a spider holding a sword and
the spider holding a sword it's a
triangle with like look at you choo
train like a choo-choo engine kind of
okay and in the curly age thing tennis
racket Chuck Martin check China striker
check mark okay
choo-choo train things with swords
spider done okay Oh Ellie Edie
he's on first style led bottom first
column bottom next what with a question
mark
no you H huh you h u h you're why are
you are hold yes what okay never I'm
just like blank nothing wrong th ing
first column middle you why oh you sure
this that's not good okay
they are th ey space ar e first column
middle aha
u h hu h u h hu 8 yes yeah that's the
first word it says yes that's the middle
one hidden so it says bottom right
oh you h hu h okay is you h hu h they're
hidden so weird
you're why oh you are the second column
middle nope
and o blank be Li NK u HHH wait no wait
wait star yes okay hit hit hit
why are you
there's another one fuck these things
second column middle WH 80 question mark
you hold you apostrophe re your letter
you done okay
nothing I know th ing another one of
these yes oh shut up and just do it
first on the middle okay middle no oh
god dammit so comment to stop stopping
to comment because you're just wasting
time complaining thought he could
complain about it there are two sections
of those yeah we had to what's on first
this Jesus Christ what sure you know
some of the more forgiving ones really
you have to remember anything
oh no I can't I can't tolerate this we
have to do it again and again and again
until until you're absolutely miserable
I guess falls asleep in my hands fall
asleep we have to do what do you really
want to blow up you had any explosives
chat Jack can you please send us an
explosive in the mail caddy firework
sorry everybody set off fireworks she
grabbed their size the story behind that
I remember just sending off like cherry
bombs or no lady yes we knew we knew she
would freak out so when I said we're
gonna let off fireworks I called the
mouse pops just make them sound as
harmless as possible he said yeah we're
just gonna we're just gonna be Mike
we're just gonna stop some Mouse pops
down here they're just some Mouse pops
we called the mouse box just to make it
sodas home together yeah so he's ball
fires but you were selling them I mean a
grand of the carpet was shed but you're
setting I think sure those might have
been strapped to my chest didn't that
hurt put something behind it it's fine
pain is temporary film is forever I
still think you're incredibly lucky that
she didn't get permanently paralyzed
taking a wheelchair down the stairs all
right do put us think you've ever done
sounds like you're blowing up mice I
don't know about blowing up mice but
have you ever seen the Monty Python
episode do they've got the mice chain is
trained to squeak on pitch and you
started sitting in with a hammer you
deserve let's go let's go oh I'm
probably gonna blow up so I get what I
deserve
unfortunately I get reincarnated so this
must be like some kind of hellish
afterlife okay the number thing number
two the memory man numbers oh I got
displays to button in the second
position one okay display is to first
button in the same position you pressed
in stage one which is the second option
so what was the number four four okay
what does gonna say no one but with the
same label you Preston say stage two
which was four
right what what position was that inner
first position wasn't the first position
or this is the fourth stage now right
yeah what does it say it says form yes
same position in stage two which was
position to what number was a one okay
what's it say four same label of stage
three perform the button that says four
done what do we have first was in first
wasn't it
bottom right blank boa m'kay
wait right oka why okay hit it next you
why will you space a re bomb right what
you HHH yes okay next
y ou you our second column middle uh as
you re the words you are done done had
it done okay
yeah there's the the backwards casing a
smiley face with its tongue out and
upside down question mark very you mean
the back-to-back case yes alright the
choo-choo and an upside-down question
mark and a smiley face did you chew the
backward case the upside-down question
mark and the smiley face Oh 52 seconds
point 67 we're done okay I don't suppose
you even want to switch places we're
just done we're done that's fair we do
stream for a while and I think that's
fair no if you want to talk about stuff
and just you around and play some game
or something and fine with that
you put up with a lot tonight and I'm
very proud of you
there's some kind of silly little game
you want to play or something that we
call it yep oh I made pretty good time
there's a big X and going the other way
but stay up I was talking to inanimate
objects for you
really yes shockingly what's free play
um let me just randomized completely
I've never actually done free play
hey hey where'd you leave off last time
oh wait we have like more yes that's why
we gonna figure out where we left off
last time I forgot to put the bookmark
in my friend tell you well I think you
own our car we in that one and I'm mine
okay
well and Oh wha stickin might be new
thank you and the real v on thank you
Dagobah Dave usually that one Dagobah
Dave we actually actually know that's in
pizza train those and skeletal stew was
okay and Ernest condos before me stock
levels I think sausage toes okay milk
biscuits is the new one the first new
what I think buttermilk biscuits twelve
months in a row twelve months in a row
thank you figure sad woman I hope we
make you feel a little bit better you
have you have some company today well
I'm just stressed out blowing up woman
and wouldn't have you were recent grad
while you were away dunder some good
done
Derk done dark zone II thank you for
subscribing nice bone badger thank you
and sure that's supposed to be like
for Ice Road Truckers yeah if something
I better thank you for subscribing do
you like I do like me some ice road
trucker sometimes we really appreciate
it and have a donation here gobbledygook
says good stream I don't think I've seen
rich this happy while streaming would
check oh and maybe Karen might want to
try DC Universe Online for the ps4 it's
free you fucks
I don't own a ps4 but I think
gobbledygook works for DC Universe
Online at this point he's always
promoting it well it might be quality
well I'm more of like Lego Indiana Jones
kind of a girl you know like the kiddie
games or casual everything rich is the
gamer and might as my head still cut off
I kind of framed it up for Karen and
Karen's tiny thank you Carrie it's sit
up straight I think I think they want me
to slouch then you can see my forehead
there's a problem is this oh yeah
totally totally yeah I'm only I just
pulled myself up a little it was so
awful yeah I'm only like 5 feet tall so
awful I miss having hair Oh what's not
one looks better in person the lights
shining off your forehead on them in
that shot yeah really notice that when
you're in person
good night everybody powder Florida hope
you enjoyed the stream
have a nice night nice to see you all
Karen Playgirl home it's never worked
yet short parents yes
