Jul 17, 2016
Necropolis
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/81967175
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/81973383
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lnmLy6S0bnU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=grbwAT_tCJA
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/754751368548589569

[Part I]
I didn't change the title and Chetty I
did you didn't all right good good
I'm so on top of it rich that I changed
the title for you sometimes I'm not on
top of it but today I was all right this
is a game this is a co-op game Jack you
know more about this game tonight what
is this game I know very little about
this game I it's it's a new game it's
supposed to be very Dark Souls II but
like a dungeon crawler hi everybody
welcome hello hello it's an online co-op
game that I need to turn down because it
is loud in here turn down for what I I
was watching a stream of this earlier
today and it looks pretty visually it
looks very interesting I'm not sure if
the game plays in a good but we'll see
oh yeah we'll see and we're all really
really disappointed that there's no
local co-op for this is what it is I
guess I mean it's fine also just a heads
up people in the chat questions asked
rich has seen the new Ghostbusters I
have not but I will see it before
Wednesday and we will do a big old
everybody talked about Ghostbusters on
Wednesday that sound fair rich okay
so oh you can you have different color
outfits that's nice so uh on Wednesday
we will all go see ghostbusters well
I'll see ghostbusters before then and
then we'll all talk about ghostbusters
and we'll have a big hug about
Ghostbusters so that's good at that
school a sono Ghostbuster today we are
inside today which I'm much happier
about as our last dream was a tiny bit
of a clusterfuck oh that's fun by the
way the control scheme as a ancient
hieroglyphic look at um that's kind of
me that's kinda neat
oh also I should read your tips
Wednesday because we couldn't see them
let's see here oh this is very much very
much blood-borne yeah let's see here
just this guy you know said Jack Sun
protection had his precious also I
wonder if tips work nice job guys
I saw a couple people making fun of my
Sun hats and I'm a pale pale person and
usually when I go outside I wear that
hat and it keeps my bald head from
getting sunburned
because there's nothing fashionable
about sunburn it is it's online co-op
only necropolis is only online co-op I
had seen some forums where apparently
the developers are working on a local
co-op but so is just like a tutorial
here or what I think it just starts I
think it's I think it's a why doesn't
think I'm offline huh why does it think
I'm offline obviously we have an
internet connection that works I don't
know pres why what happens they pressed
start
yeah now press y network connection
required to access online features
network connection required oh that's
weird yeah that is weird you are online
even though ship oh is it because are
you offline on Steam not for fuck's sake
yeah probably what do you need um let's
see here
turtle the wise says this is fucking
brilliant talking about our live Pokemon
stream I I think for how many obstacles
were in our way for the Pokemon stream I
think we did a fair job I did have to
take the separate pieces and like switch
the audio and fix some stuff to get the
stream up on YouTube correctly but Jesus
Christ what a clusterfuck that was but I
think we had a good time we played some
Pokemon go and you know that's great and
then anonymous says comic book
recommendations
life and times of scrooge mcduck may
sound silly but it's really a Citizen
Kane Forrest Gump there will be blood of
comic books and don't on it I'd like to
read it honestly life and times of
Scrooge okay I like Scrooge McDuck you
do like Scrooge McDuck and it's on to me
that you like Scrooge McDuck why yes by
far Disney's most interesting characters
Scrooge McDuck I just I guess I just
don't think about Scrooge McDuck that
often you know alright sit still sale
offline well then fuck it whatever the
right to restart the fucking game I like
that people on the chat come in that
would be nice but you can't start steam
off line one wait
you can put your status on Steam as
offline that's what it was but you can't
start steam on offline mode and still
use online fees steam is an online mode
though now it's an online mode
well the my how I appeared was an
offline right oh I don't know you have
to exit the game I'm gonna do that okay
I'm gonna do that because I'd like
people to join it oh you know what that
would be fun you have some friends who
maybe play yeah yeah that'd be great so
we're gonna try restart with steam okay
oh you're gonna restart steam why not
I'll take five extra seconds anonymous
says hey hey hey does anyone from the RL
crew ever just hang out for shits or are
you guys strictly professional buddies
now the two are they're mixed yeah are
hanging out for shit's end up being you
know stuff we film no we still get
together occasionally best of the worst
start off as just movie nights it's true
it's true
and someone had the brilliant brilliant
idea let's just film movie night yeah
why don't we do that that's great
ya know we still get together and don't
film it occasion yeah I know Jay and
Josh were just at we did they go see
John Carpenter John Carpenter live I
have board game nights at my house often
and and they
come to board game nights we do interact
and don't film it offline and there's no
good reason for it to be offline wait go
back to steam just to double-check you
maybe you have steam to start in in
offline mode you're offline steam again
where do you go to change them I don't
think you need to restart steam just go
online on Steam exit the game and then
go back into the game
alright maybe that okay so now you're
online now we'll see yeah I see and I do
see on Steam the reviews for my fresh
mix I've pressed why it just keeps
bringing up the message you need to
start yeah and no network connection
required yeah I was hitting wide dozen
times
boom I just had to restart the game
going into online mode alright so you
want to try a little bit by yourself
first and then mommy will you join on
give a shit I'd you have to invite
people or do they find you
oh here why don't you um on the eyeball
here on eyeball it on OBS and then we'll
look at your friends and see if anyone's
playing and find me I think you have to
invite them yeah I think so I have no
idea I don't know I work so I guess what
I'm saying is if you play this game and
you're friends with rich on Steam hit
the little button whatever that means we
are not having just as many technical
difficulties our stream is running
rather smoothly right now which is this
is learning a new game is what this is
what's the funniest thing any of the rlm
people have said off-camera nothing
nothing for us so they have to be
invited specifically I think you have to
invite them specifically yeah we should
show that her well that's why I was
sending it on my wallet
who wants to play who's it who's my
Steam friend and wants to play has this
game
I'll play I'll play well well you figure
this out I'll play on my own for bid
okay I know judge frowny face don't
worry about that
Rach we'll figure out yeah I figure out
the game for a little bit for yourself
let's see if there's fall damage
there's fall damage Oh get off the
elevator I'll probably go back down with
me maybe maybe not see here leftover
beefcake says this tip is to buy rich
some sunscreen we don't want him getting
Nancy skin canceled hope you guys go on
a field trip on occasion in the future
that was such a fun slideshow well
that's the other thing is I'll have to
like figure out a way to do apparently
the way some people do it is they
actually they Skype both the game and
themselves to a computer with good
internet access okay and that computer
streams it which I think would work out
a lot better but that would require one
of us to stay you know here which you
know we're probably be rich oh god I'm
terrible
Anonymous has a very important question
Anonymous is rich will you please read
the last text message you received from
Mike out loud why I think it was a joke
yeah cuz they're asking about you should
look into getting one of those cellular
service USB card things I had a I had a
MiFi device a mobile Wi-Fi device and
our our network was strong as it turns
out our MiFi device sucked because the
battery only lasted about ten minutes
before it crapped out I did return that
so we did not spend prereq money on that
because I returned it and said your
device fucking sucks
so speaking of fucking sucking I'm
playing this game yeah I'm not very good
at it well you know you learning is
there a role
is there a rule it's kind of like a jump
oh okay okay so maybe a little roguelike
II I don't know that much yet jack oh no
I'm just looking at the little death
screen and that looked like a I think
the game looks cool okay can you guys
look at the controller again the
controller either hi Anna Griffin I just
want to die did you jump
oh there's dojos dodge B interacts light
attack heavy attack light our left hand
secondary left hand primary so that's
your shield there's a sprint cycle items
items lock huh oh good there's a lock-on
that's nice oh I hate that I hate that
hold down to sprint maybe you can toggle
AB listen left over beefcake I don't
know what happened to Tim's while we
still haven't discovered what happened
at Tim's wallet but you know we'd all
like to know he put it out there and I
think that's the important part is he
was putting it out there
you picked up some bone matter rich nice
I want a third-person shooter that looks
like this I think it looks really cool
little minimally I like the glowy bits
gotta get the hang of it gotta get the
hang of it
bad gamer Korean says hey guys I sent a
few Warhammer minifigures your way did
you get it got him got him yeah where
are they they're they're downstairs from
the table in the studio take a look at
those
thank you bad gamer koream and Nick Neve
Nick Nevinger Nevinger Nick Nevinger
says Jack as a MiFi user I assume you
looked into the options what do you
recommend asking as I am looking for a
live mobile II but I need an internet
for work and of course watching you guys
you know what works great is just using
my phone
after the MiFi device crapped out I just
used my phone as a what it call it when
you call it hold on hold hold you you
darn horses I can't think of a word for
it
mobile hotspot thank you that's exactly
so I just used my phone as a mobile
hotspot and that our stream worked a lot
better we were getting decent speeds so
just check with your provider for using
your phone as a mobile hotspot because I
know some you have to like click a
special thing to do that but my phone
worked great mobile hot mahute spoot yes
I as a mobile hoots boot a huge peach a
mobile hoots boot you know if you do
have to connect multiple devices I had a
Verizon I got a verizon jetpack and it
kind of worked like crap so that's
that's what I got in a work like crap
but uh my phone worked fine so just make
sure you have enough data and use your
phone I mean it's the same because you
know it's the same plan no matter what
the data is coming from the same place
it's just your device
oh shit behind me there what does happen
oh shoot II thingies whoa get out of
there um haha mobile hoots poot sounds
like a medical condition I agree
3d beer vodka oh you have a mobile hoots
boots oh I can't go out today I got the
hoots spewed disease its exclusive to
Canada oh yeah I got a huge boot I just
yeah I got it right when I was playing
with some gooses
let's see here anonymous says hey guys
recently attended a 2016 Objectivists
conference and while I was there we're
unwilling to share any info with you
and while I was there I met two other
rlm fans Rand breeds fans good are they
fighting each other good that's great
that's great
dead dak I have no idea I assume you
guys did an episode on ghostbusters yeah
yeah I am you can assume that I have I
assume that happened I have no idea when
it's coming out a little crabby guy so
you can swap weapons yeah okay that's me
that's name and Nic Nevinger says the
thing is I need my laptop for said work
also my phone is just basic tracfone
which means I do basic prepaid thing
also Nevinger okay so all I did was I
went to Amazon and checked out their
reviews the the jetpack seemed to have
good reviews but obviously it did not
didn't work for me it might work great
for other people so I cannot help you
with the best of my five devices I'm
sorry slashed from ducktales as rich and
Jack what characters or voices do you
enjoy using most funny bonds is always
fun it's not about city bad you know the
nerd voice is always great time what I
died I think that's the point nerd voice
is easy to do and fun why little Frankie
okay then Don Wilson there's an extreme
pressure to perform I don't know I don't
if I enjoy the pressure one of my
favorite favorite voices to use is
Lionel from pork pork in space
love that voice so hard no we will go to
dinner and eat many pork sausage
sandwiches that's the most fucked I see
you will be sweeping the flour and that
like I'm exaggerating it but like the
exaggerated Lionel from pork pork are
you are fighting the scowling tins
and I like their bones you can just say
anything will ever make sure does Lionel
makes me very happy
Lionel makes me very happy
I'm the brazen head serve me and I will
award you tokens a favor to aid you in
surviving the Necropolis dun dun dun
alright after this run I should let you
try it for bed sure and then we can
invite people in okay I like the plain
red sox-yankees fucking both spoiled
fanbases in all the sports yes Tiberius
Kirk we next time there's a lull in
gameplay apparently the game volume is a
little low bet no problem no problem
Oh neat I like these guys little
mechanical movements was important so
recently I was you know as I talked
about a couple streams ago I've been
reading a lot of Valiant Comics
Harbinger and Archer and Armstrong and
all that yeah and I noticed that a lot
of Valiant Comics were on comiXology z--
unlimited subscription $6 a month and
you get to read a bunch of comic Oh
apparently I'm out of Special Attack
does this thing you can completely run
out of not just rest up for that sucks
oh yeah it looks like your stamina
permanently decreases oh fuck here you
go and so that sucks that test site well
you probably have to there's probably a
weight like can you recharge it using a
loop I don't know I don't know there you
go great great oh my god yeah yes I am
still watching Supernatural and enjoying
enjoying it still but uh so I got uh I
got this comixology unlimited thing and
just been plowing through comics I
figured I'd like I'll get it for a month
and just read all I fucking can and one
of the things available on unlimited is
the first run of savage dragon
yeah which I know you have I know you
like it but I'm quite fond of it I don't
think it's great
but here's what I will say there is
something in there in his character that
will make a fantastic movie i he's a
character that I want someone to make a
movie out of like I could see like a
like a like who's Don Draper who's
acting up Jon Hamm I know Jon Hamm like
you know make Jon Hamm bulk up a little
bit and make him like kind of a little
bit of depth like his character kept on
swinging like it once he's a
bloodthirsty badass and then like the
next page he's a by-the-book cop and I
could see it Jon Hamm doing a sunny buns
just as a giant ripple dragon it's all
that
amazing that would be an amazing movie I
liked a little bit of it what makes it
great though is that he's just a cop
yeah oh yeah no he's just a cop and hit
the world is really fun and over-the-top
you know much of the story behind the
you know much the back story of the
creator' know um when he was a kid we
was like 12 he drew his own comics okay
and he had all these crazy things happen
in his own comics and actually I think
that was a like in California where he
lived there was like a brush fire they
got out of control his house is one of
the ones that got destroyed all of his
childhood comics were burned up no and
the Savage Dragon well he left Marvel
Comics to do this because he's
recreating all of his childhood comic
books the Savage Dragon is what he was
doing when he was 12
oh that's great and it's it's a passion
project crafting
all right how do I eat how do I eat Jack
do you plan on checking out XO Man O'War
or bloodshot they do not look cool to me
there in the there in the valiant
universe and the what I know about XO
man of war is it's like a Neanderthal
who gets power Armour mmm but I mean I
don't know if that's still true but no
not really I really like Harbinger
Harbinger Harbinger is one of the best
books I've read recently and I'm okay
with Archer and Armstrong I think
bloodshot I don't like Punisher and
bloodshot looks a lot like Punisher so
hmm I don't think I would like that Jack
has not seen Ghostbusters so we're not
really gonna talk about it much I didn't
like it there will be a half in the bag
coming up there shortly ish and we will
I will see it by Wednesday and we will
talk about it on Wednesday switch left
hand out so when you hold down that's
what permanently uses up here yeah yeah
how do you get a back though I don't
know I can only assume some sort of item
is there a Perry I don't know all right
let's let's see what I can do here let's
see what I can do here see what I can
fuck up
what about Star Trek rich you're going
to see it or do you just not give a damn
um I go either way right now I'm super
care find her great reviews I'll get
excited as it is now I I might end up
seeing it unless I hear it's terrible
them was so terrible and Jack are you
still playing overwatch yes still
playing overwatch super excited about
the new character that was announced a
healing sniper okay a sniper character
how she healing she heals to the people
where she heals yourself for what wha
it's a sniper character that you know
can afflict damage on enemies and then
if you shoot your teammates you heal
them from a distance that's interesting
yeah look it looks like a really
interesting character and much like
their other healer okay I don't know
what that did you can you can choose to
heal your teammate or give them a
temporary damage boost so like a really
interesting support characters and I
like support characters so I'm looking
forward to she's not out she's only in
beta right now so she's not out for the
game and I don't I don't play any debate
of stuff Chris Hemsworth in ghostbusters
arguably he that character just breaks
any kind of belief ability that that's a
world that could exist at the same time
he's he's the only interesting vaguely
interesting thing that ever happens in
the movie so there's that you know I had
forgotten by the way that Chris
Hemsworth was in Star Trek mmm-hmm the
Star Trek community he's
stand in the fridge oh my god oh my god
that's right so now Chris Hemsworth is
Thor Kirk's dad and in the Ghostbusters
universe he is just taking over all of
nerd Tim trinkets
okay the trinkets don't seem to restore
anything yes rich let the hate flow
through you through you look look all
you need to say is it's a comedy that
did not elicit one laugh from me that's
that's all I need to say I don't even
say 800 guy in the vent armor and
weapons for sale meat oh I don't have I
don't have any jewels I'm very sorry guy
oh I can't go back can craft is he also
in the st. elsewhere universe
everybody is sooner or later st.
elsewhere st. elsewhere knows where
universe you know about this I thought
that was only a TV universe though yeah
well I mean it's it's it's it's really
big yes he's seen elsewhere universe
explains everyone I understand what it
is TV shows had a lot of crossovers and
there's like a whole bunch of shows that
can be tied into st. elsewhere
continuity wise and then at the end of
st. elsewhere it's revealed that the
entire series was going on in the head
of an autistic boy meaning that like
something like 80% of the TV shows
you've ever seen are all the dream of an
autistic boy buy stuff here the tummy
Westfall universe yeah that's got a name
I'm sure that's it I mean you're saying
it I don't remember what it was I didn't
remember
oh yeah no and I think someone I think
someone's made a video about this like
showing the examples of like oh this
characters and this and this characters
in this and because of like like a
couple characters from NYPD Blue were in
something that connected them to a whole
nother thing
yeah yeah like I'll be connected someone
had a cameo and and friends it was a
characters from this show the character
from NYPD Blue
I'm not NYPD Blue um law and order
mm-hmm the character from Law & Order
was on the friends show and the friends
chair universe was Seinfeld and mad
about you yeah yeah yeah there's a hole
it's a whole thing
this is the direction the last fella
went okay you could call it a cinematic
universe but it's an unintentional one
right it's it's a fan oh well I mean
those characters do appear it's legit
it's legit
it wasn't it's not a grand design but
it's totally legit oh wait oh my god
what is that I don't know but I don't
like it how about that I'm assuming
you're much better at this than I am
oh I I've been fucking around I haven't
been playing is what I've been doing oh
hey you fuck shut up arrow at me I
didn't know you yeah I didn't know he
had arrows the entirety of NBC I'm
pretty sure this crosses networks so I'm
gonna mess with your inverted y-axis
oh I love different blade Oh this plate
swings much hey I inverted you
I was saying don't die yeah that's the
these this wings what much faster so do
you I'm all the pokemon no no I do not
have all the Pokemon I've got some some
cool ones though and I'm at a little bit
of a I'm at a little bit of uh not an
impasse but like oh oh you don't forget
your shield
I'm at a little bit of a point where I
still don't fully understand the gyms
and it's starting to bother me
well do you think they're gonna expand
on some of that crap sooner or later I
know in the in the first promotional
stuff they they said they said they were
gonna have player versus player battles
I'm pretty sure if you had actually can
heal to which I forgot to do when I was
playing but you have so much food
actually I think you're out of it now
but look at how much I owe that did that
healed my stamina though yeah Oh didn't
heal the 700k I don't think that healed
my my uh how do you get more of that
that's what you need fuck you skilling
Tim what was the last one you write here
I don't know
I'm playing it super cautious if we read
any of these so I remember the last one
I remember for sure was the the voices
we enjoy the most yeah did you read the
one about patenting the steamroller from
the Pokemon go stream okay I got a lot
to catch up on here
Darth diem says hey guys
are you planning to patent the
steamroller from the Pokemon do so we're
calling it which I love the steamroller
yeah a stream roller the stream roller
the stream roller my stroller I think it
might be a hit by the way do you care
which country games you play come from
not at all
not the slightest you know sometimes we
like to read what's going on but yeah
what country the games came from what do
you mean you care what country the games
you play come from no but I mean yeah
sometimes it's nice to read it and if
it's not in English well they're usually
in English yeah it's something I don't
think about honestly yeah if it's if
it's if I can't read it that would be
detrimental
I only released in Japan yeah and
there's no English text going on yeah
that would be a detriment but in general
no anonymous says dear rlm the other
night I watched the new Netflix the new
Netflix series stranger things I found
it quite enjoyable have heard really
good things about it and you guys
probably would too not a perfect show
but I highly recommend it let very good
things what's it about I mean everyone
heard about it I have no idea
all I've all I know is I've heard
positive things stranger things that's
that's the honest truth right come here
you come here come here come here oh
shit dude oh you got a friend madam uh
says Jack yes how do you make your iced
coffee do you cold brew it putting it in
cold water for 12 hours and then
filtering it or what also hi rich hello
I used to I used to and it tastes really
great and it's a giant
pain in the ass I can't believe I made
that that's how I used to do it lately
though
because of so much laziness I just by I
buy Starbucks cold brew Starbucks iced
coffee from the grocery store it's super
cheap and it doesn't taste as good every
once in a while a local coffee shop will
also sell their cold brew concentrate
which is much tastier but like three
times more expensive so I can't afford
that all the time but you know it's just
one of those things where cold brewing
your own coffee makes a giant mess and
it doesn't last that long and it takes a
lot of time and I want coffee now so
assuming they're talking about I need to
get up Otis strange things it's what if
Spielberg and John Carpenter made a
secret movie in 1983 written by Stephen
King that sounds a good thing restores
what is lost due to Blaine a book okay
we need potions of vigor kept I'm gonna
buy this from this Biddy right here and
then I'm going to press X oh shit look
look at how much that restored like
nothing your health fuckin guess what I
want another potion of vigor does it say
health or stamina that that cured more
of my health and it doesn't tell me what
it it doesn't tell me what it actually
does these cured more of my stamina the
potion cared more of my health I guess I
could buy another meat
what is this the whole place was agent
it doesn't really tell me what it does
which is a little upsetting food does
both it did a very it did a very little
amount yeah of health which is what I'm
mostly concerned with but hey I'm gonna
take it slow and we're just gonna see
what we can see what we can accomplish
here
anonymous says poetry oh damn rich want
a husband
called the fuzz hit the road jack and
hit that bong blow into my ear while I
sing this song okay what come on just
read great Donal Elias says so the new
independence day and the new
Ghostbusters this weekend suffice to say
I am pretty disappointed movies in 2016
suck so far Green Room is the only movie
this year I've enjoyed fuck me I've
heard great things about greener well
what came out this win him what was the
winner head winters here of a Star Wars
I wasn't sure start no I never said that
is the Anna Lester does the Anna
Lannister yeah I thought it was mediocre
not bad but Civil War yeah the more I
think about Civil War is the more I
don't like it but I'm gonna see it again
is it right nope oh my god there's a
little peacock
sorry chin says hope you're having a
good day I'd like to try out in a cop
necropolis but your friends list is full
I wonder if there's a way to get around
that I don't know well look into seeing
if we could just manually search for
people or something weird we want that
of course you know figure we want that a
lot of potions of vigor here liquids a
boring has turns the emo blur into a non
threat great pick-me-up for those
suffering from gout its
what I could tell is this a jack game
maybe um I I do you know normally I'm
perfectly okay with just kind of
discovering what an item does for some
reason here it bothers me a lot and I
would like a better idea that's that's
how I feel all the time right I know
that about you
yeah normally I'm okay with like a I
will just figure it out as we go there
we go that's that restored me a little
bit I found a good sword this sword is a
fast sword you know what I'm gonna buy
more maybe it's not really powerful
though but you know it swings fast and
that's really what I'm carrying about
right now I'm gonna buy I have I have
plenty of diamonds something who's gonna
buy more shit from this peacock here
look up behind you there's a Mega Man
villain there does there is definitely
is no behind us what's wrong jack
humoring them Jack just you bring them
I'm gonna buy some random shit right now
that I don't really know what it does so
okay great
see if we can craft some shit can we
craft some shit oh there's a thing on
the bottom here to Alyssa gob I'm
summing the spent a level up thing yeah
if we craft so I've crafted one thing to
eat
I have not plundered any treasure chests
now we have a beard owes the moment for
the moment the chicken doesn't count
there are these beer dough's you're
right right I see the beard Oh
nice nice I like my I like my short it's
the key to carefully aggro them one at a
time that's that's what I'm gonna do I
don't know if that's the key but seems
to be working for me
also don't forget your damn shield jack
my shield fucking useless right now why
cuz I'm fucking hitting them with my
sword no need no need to hit him with my
shield that guy sure you got you got
stabbed once you can easily just use a
damp chill I'm just saying I'm just
saying fuck you
I think at the end of the day this might
just make me want to play blood-borne
right well this is an interesting art
style I'll give it that corner I don't
like it when you dodge around them you
seem to move like way farther than you
think you will I have to get used to
that yeah fuck you fuck you look at all
these swords that don't mean a shit
wonder if this first got a break sooner
or later probably some of them say like
cracks longsword oh I should have had
healed up there but this is just one guy
could oh you use the damn shield oh
please God play blood-borne instead all
right so far I'm learning I'm learning
Dark Souls is cheaper than this game
which might be true right now how much
was this game thirty thirty yeah yeah
yeah really yeah really it looked
interesting yeah oh shit I did not look
that new fucking ghostbusters game is
fifty somehow for some reason that's
fifty something is only worth how much
someone else is willing to pay for a
rich yes somebody might buy it for five
hundred but then that's your only sale
we did this looks like a $10 game ah so
far it's a 15 it's fair oh oh spider
spider you know I'm so far I'm kind of
enjoying it I'd like oh Jesus she's
running running let's run over here I
don't think there's any bad guys over
here the Ghostbusters 200 2009 yeah
that's not the one I'm talking about
there's a new one that's just a twin
stick shooter and they're charging $50
for it it has neither the original
Ghostbusters northern new Ghostbusters
is the main character but just for
random pricks and it's a top-down
shooter and it's 50 bucks I don't get it
don't get it that's what the did
okay hey come here
the 2009 Ghostbusters game is $10 on
Steam worth every penny at half the
price fully agree fully agree that's the
one I've been reluctant to stream
because it has all of the original
talent returning to the voices and I
just don't want to talk over Bill Murray
Harold Ramis and Dan Aykroyd and I think
that's really fair by the way what I
might do with that maybe I'll do a solo
stream oh sure I'll do a solo stream and
I'll just play now because I don't talk
to him I'll fucking stole those dreams
ya know you guys fight each other I'll
just be over here I'm not wearing this
shirt protest I still like the original
there's no need to protest the protest
isn't is not seeing the movie it's good
thing he got that shield that you're not
gonna use I don't quite know how to do
things rich I'm working on it
don't talk over the cut scenes yeah but
they're talking all the time they're not
just talking during the cut scenes from
what I remember there's kind of constant
ghostbuster chatter going on oh did you
knock him over
I did I did it's sweet I'm starting to
become pro shield rich yes I'm wearing
the shirt to support the new movie even
though I hated it
rich you're wearing that shirt to
protest the movie Richard wearing this
Christmas to support the new movie what
what would be less disruptive to the
stream talking about the new
Ghostbusters film or talking about
Donald Trump I'm not kidding I would
prefer that you don't talk about the new
Ghostbusters because I still want to see
it and I would like to see it with with
an open mind
so fucking talk about Trump man the one
thing my joke about Trump is you know he
picked his vice-presidential running
mate uh-huh which is a guy named pence
something pence and the only thing I
could think of is Trump pence
sounds like a word that would be
endlessly repeated during a Tim and Eric
sketch Japanese trumpets trumpets I've
already seen the the picture of Beavis
next to their logo saying TP for my
bunghole you know and and like the
original logo had the T penetrating the
hole in the P did they change it oh yeah
they're like the gifts yes they got rid
of it and it
like who the fuck who the fuck is on
your marketing team where you had
penetration Oh Donald Trump designed
that himself
I gotta have a running made it's gonna
be clear where things stand nice
okay nonnamous is two hundred character
limit feeling I will be ghost busting on
feeling I I will be ghost busting on her
jeans if that's supposed to be like the
sexual innuendo
it's a terrible one it's a really
terrible one if it's an attempt at being
like crass it doesn't really work
because you just you hear that you're
just like what something I'm not sure
what that means I'm not sure what that
means
hope I don't blow along I'm about to rip
this bong tobacco only is another poetry
I suppose good good job mate good job
diamond mousetrap says hey this is for
jacked pick up the first two issues of
wacky race land wacky race land a
post-apocalyptic reboot of Wacky Races
and a dollar for the yellow devil that's
the thing behind us oh yeah which is
weird because he always looked oranged
maybe it still looks orange oh yeah the
shield is great by the way it just
knocks things over no more of that look
at this thing does he use stamina look
at this thing huh it's a statue yes it
uses stamina but not uh not permanently
not permanent okay it's a neat statue
though oh oh you know so I'm gonna meet
nice
no great I see an enemy up to oh we can
craft stuff what is this
adventurers chalk you may not know where
you're going but you'll know where
you've been you you're you were on this
game I'm just gonna let you play that's
fine I mean if you're comfortable with
that seem to be I'm comfortable with
that I seem to be doing something you
are on point you know we're working on
it I'm trying I get it what fuck
I neither of us have seen stranger
things
sounds good I'm likely to check it out
at some point after the stream run
button wrong button it's not that I
don't want to play just I can recognize
when Jax got his groove on and he's into
this I can tell ya I'm feelin ya oh and
then I died it's fine but ya know I can
this is I think there's my kind of Jim
do we want to try and figure out how to
get people from the Chad into the game
that'd be great
that's his friends with rich now that I
understand how to play playing with
someone else would be fun so yeah let's
some on eyeball so we can look through
your friend I think we have to look
through your friends I believe they have
to be playing already and then we invite
them to play yeah so see if our
randomizer is working well a randomizer
is gonna be no good because the number
of people in our friend my friends who
have this is probably relatively
relatively low let alone the number of
those people who are even watching the
stream right now all right let's see
whoever if you're friends with rich
start playing this game right now if
you're if you have it and I will look
through the hold up hold up I will look
through your friends I'm holding it's
going to my steam here I mean I was I
was just in your
you shouldn't you shouldn't have to
invite people you should just be able to
accept them well we haven't gotten any
requests so I don't know how that works
yeah I'm presuming invite is necessary
but I don't really know well I think
it'll tell us in here who's on who's
online you know or who's playing this
game I'm looking to see if there's any
bid has been online and 368 days sure
sure and I don't really see any like
that so I'm gonna try to call the front
yeah yeah it's tough 105 days oh yeah
listen anyone who hasn't been online in
over a month fucker yeah like that
person yeah fuck them remove this friend
out of here boom you'll never know who I
hear you'll never know where none steam
in over a hundred days fuck them
they're not your friend they don't want
to talk to you 115 days
fuck em yeah teen days rich thousand
that's over three months okay fuck em
I'm sure you're a nice person maybe not
I don't know they don't know unless
they've kept track of how many days
they've been away from steam they have
no idea who that was 17 hours fuckin 131
out of here out of here boom boom you
got a new request already rich I know I
do you got two new requests already who
you got
hopefully you you people who just
requested rich as friends are people who
want to play the fucking game here okay
wait
wait yeah can I get a nice yeah probably
no I uh yeah here what are you looking
for
the name is that we just accepted you
know what I forgot forgot the name so
good point moot point great great is
there some sort of let's look in
settings here privacy open we're open
we're just open people so our privacy is
set to open people invite us invite
shard CH ard it's got the little Cobra
commando invite us but my screen name is
chard CH ard yeah as in rich hard
everywhere the first time you explain
that to me it blew my fucking mind rich
rich hard
no privacy updating steam goddamn its
history TK there are 817 shards which is
weird other counterfeit Ridge is it char
to think it means something you know
very specific in my case shard is a kind
of vegetable how many people people are
naming themselves had four vegetables
for God's sakes
they had they have to meet counterfeit
rich Evans they're having like fake
conversations with fans oh my god that
would be hose me I'm sure it happens
that would be horrible
also like on your friends list like is
there a way to tell like who is playing
like it just says online or away so it's
like who's playing the game how do you
know who's playing the game you know
Sarah Chen says they're not accepted yet
I'll tap us back to back to back to
steam oh you have more requests click on
you got the most right now I get some us
can we accept my hair her I can do it on
the arm of the chair give it to me can
we accept more do you have anymore
anymore they're saying oh we can't we
can't oh we can is that boom accept boom
and we remember the names except
Theodore J hooker Magnus and Sarah Chen
and see if you can add them and come
axiom that's not gonna be any room for
that one we didn't get rid of that many
I got invited their friends they're not
gonna show up in there I'm their friends
now almost guarantee you rich there oh
there oh anybody playing the crapola so
we might we just invited we just invited
Sarah Jen okay I guess we're joining her
I guess I don't know that's fine you
know what whatever works at this point
back Chopra well you don't need that I
don't know what I'm right you even doing
that I don't know what I'm doing I hope
that's not showing up no it's not where
it's not up yet I know it's a bore eh
Kate we're not showing screens because
we're looking at other people's I'm so
sorry the thing is how do we get back
now
there we go looking on you're looking on
strange things Jack oh well there you go
there Jim all right who else who else is
online and playing this that'll be the
that'll be the giveaway if you're online
you're playing this and you're in my
friends list I'm going to assume yeah
then we read that you want to play with
us then we're just gonna add you okay we
guys we got Sarah Chen but you have to
be playing this game I can only assume
that uh that they'll show up on top I
don't know I don't know about that just
go the whole way down you're trying to
it's it's hard you know it's hard to
keep track
not many buddy there's a relatively low
number of people who are playing this ad
right now even have it relative to the
number of friends I have right right
right I don't know if anybody wants to
spend you know thirty dollars just to
play this with us for ten minutes that
might be a might be cherry it's sorry
Jen that's that's probably just it does
that everyone maybe I have no what you
have a hundred and ninety five friends
that's why you scroll through fast and
then we see if the
trying to I'm trying to keep an eye out
to see if anyone has a lot
yeah it'll stick out it'll stick out
don't worry about that I'm not seeing
anyone else nope okay that's it okay
that's it what we're going guess what
we're going let's play who do I want to
be it I'm gonna be daughter of E Ruth
cuz I like playing as ladies what
continue okay where are you oh you're
here where's here there we go there we
go hi hello hello welcome searchin most
most known to everyone because she
gifted us oh now we're invite hold on
Magnus Magnus Magnus has invited us to a
party Magnus who come to our party fuck
man fuck fuck fuck fuck
there's gotta be there has got to be a
better way of sorting through this shit
yeah there's got to be a better way of
sorting for most people don't have the
absurd number of friends we do still you
would think they would have some sort of
simple algorithm to say hey people who
play who are playing right now get on
top so what what did Sarah Chen donate
famously Felix right
sorry Chen gave us a Phoenix right okay
hold on hold on magnets magnets magnets
magnets
I'm looking for you Magnus it's also not
alphabetical fuck you game hit X I
checked it's just leave party oh fuck
you you gay what have you just accepted
that invite and what would happen I
don't know if I can Magnus pew says I
can't join the game sadly I don't know
why you can't and I'm very sorry Magnus
I would love to have you join the game
I'm looking for you and you're not
showing up on our list of friends and I
want you to play with us and I think
this game has some issues with friends
type stuff I would love this to be
significantly more organized you would
just okay well fuck it
guess what Sarah Chen let's rock and
roll how do we go where do we go Oh over
here
Sarah 10 we're ready to move okay just
just start jack to start well I want I
want Sarah to canary sorry time will
follow or not I don't know and you know
what maybe she's just hoping you'll die
well she's listening to the stream right
now and we were fucking around with
brothers belay we know that yeah okay
now here we go wait
next time try to accept Magnus's invite
if it happens again
okay oh I got used to my fast start I'm
sure you'll find one oh yeah
no video oh that's right that's right
thank you
hold on pause Boop thank you for whoever
oh here we go and we're back in alright
here we go let's rock and roll
you ready come on get on the elevator
this is another stunt to get tips what
is I don't know I don't know how this is
fun to get tips but apparently it is it
is not look I'm a shell but whatever no
I'm gonna pack up sir HN I I did I'm
just saying I backed up just said I was
there I backed up also there is um there
is a what do you call it team damage so
like I want to back up stair gym but I
also want to stay out of her swing huh
because she can hit me
that's your sword down there I think Jen
got it not you
third sad says wait to the stream Wow
Ghostbusters 2016 sucked huh every cameo
was a lame distraction I'll say that
about the cameos they drew far too much
attention to them far too much every
cameo was like a hero shot and they were
all inconsequential characters
that's too bad you know that was one of
my that was a real problem I was having
with the first Star Trek remake was I
felt like there were far too many wink
nods oh I'm so sorry
I mean um Annie Potts I mean I didn't
mind her cameo just it was the focal
point of the scene it was like an it's
an on character she had a major role in
ghostbusters - okay she had an amazing
be story Ghostbusters -
I will tell you this some Berto Cabbage
Patch he did not show up he had nothing
to do with him I think he made clearer
ages ago I don't think they were able to
blackmail him so don't tell me whatever
it is he's talking about I don't want to
hear about it
yep
yonder yonder says the whole reason this
channel exists is to get tips just
saying this tip for example is to go to
a fun for prereq to buy Necropolis tip
early tip often I I mean there's nothing
we were doing that was seemed to be like
eliciting tips but you know what if
listen you guys know if you want a tip
you want to subscribe you do that we
don't ok we don't judge
we're just here man
we're just here plan plan on necropolis
crabby dudes Rick Moranis was great back
in the day well he's still great he
never stopped being great he just
stopped doing film I mean it's not like
he just started just suck and no one
gave him work it's just you know what
I'm done doing this I can afford not to
I want spend time with my family and his
wife past his wife got sick and he made
the decision to spend some time with his
family I would love for him to come back
he was he's an incredibly talented actor
I would love for him to come back at
anything let's go this way first
I wish nothing but the best for Rick
Moranis absolutely absolutely and by the
way that that is said by everyone loser
I can't imagine a single person wishing
ill upon Rick Moranis and if you are a
person who wishes ill on Rick Moranis
I don't want to be your friend yeah
there's some I'm sure there's some
asshole out here who does you think
oh yeah Rick Moranis fuck dick telegin
says rich this is kinda random but
what's your opinion on nuclear power I
personally think it is our best energy
source currently also Ghostbusters 2016
sucks because WOM Zhai guess I got what
do you want to tack over its nuclear
power or ghostbusters I'm less familiar
with the ins and outs of nuclear power
I'm not I'll tell you I'm I'm neither
strongly for or against it mmm I'm on
the fence ish and if you're like having
a debate on the merits and dangers of
nuclear power I'm probably the guy you
want to convince yeah yeah you know I
know there are dangers but I also know
you get a lot of energy you get a lot of
energy you know what Solar is coming up
there so I think Solar is the real
future solar panels are becoming yours
here's the issue with solar though it's
you don't get much energy from it you
need a large area of solar panels to get
any decent amount of energy out of it
yeah but they're becoming more efficient
that's and I support this I'm just
saying with technology they have now I'm
sure there's a great argument for
nuclear oh yeah but then you got you
know Fukushima right I've I have heard
it suggested that wind somebody had the
chance mentioning wind that for the
amount of energy you get from one of
those wind turbine generators yeah it
actually you expend more energy just
building the damn thing practically then
you get out of the wind generator
friends lifetime just what I've heard I
don't know I don't know how much truth
there is that
just this guy you know says you and your
crazy stunts have convinced me to tip
how's Karen oh she's fine I'm getting
ready for her to finally get her ass up
here in August early August she she
didn't follow me up when I first came up
to Wisconsin because we didn't really
know how the hell this thing was gonna
work I don't have to to do what on the
internet he moving up to you moving up
to snow for what and you know her family
and everything's down there her old
crappy job you know she didn't leave
them just for nothing before one could
have been a giant bust by a surgeon this
mind of mine says so I think what
they're saying everyone was tempted to
tip so they could try to play with you
guys well but you had to be my steam
friend was the whole thing I was I never
I never tipping had nothing job playing
with us though so maybe they were
confused and thought we were only
playing with people who tipped or only
playing with subscribe literally we
still have two slots if you just want to
play with us you can tip or not tip or
not we Robert we looked in my friends in
this game and no one none of them were
playing this if they don't have it or
weren't it I don't know that's all it
took
it's all Dinks if you want to play with
us oh shit shit shit shit shit and he
also goes on to say this mind of mine
that said I'm tipping you to let you
know I have the game and I'd love to
play with it okay is everyone done no no
sir
I'm dead if Sarah Chen can pull this off
she can revive me okay I think I spawned
those moms if everyone dies we can see
if we find other people who are playing
yeah
thank you thank you thank you sorry for
reviving Jack's ass fuzzy patch says
tips are great I love them a tip please
talk about my tip mchip your tip is
great just the tip though please just
the tip Billa hacker says oh shit I've
been tricked to tip you damn you Jack
and rich haha
tender juicy Shaq meat says I feel so
judged here you go you listeners this
time it's lupus says Lumas you can't get
much power from nuclear reactors because
it doesn't translate over long distances
they need to be near population centers
which is incredibly risky in so many
ways okay
oh sure yeah there there are upsides and
downsides to nuclear power and I mean
it's good it's gonna take more than a
tip to sway me one way or the other I
would listen to an argument between two
people who knew what they're talking
about not that you don't but I mean and
it's just one one comment I'm reading
probably not gonna change my mind which
is honestly just not made up either way
you seem like a dino on Jack well sorry
Jen killed me that time but she's able
to revive us so I think it's gonna be
okay
oh no she might have glitched out she
might have glitched out oh no
leftover beefcake says this is a tip for
the keep rich Evans employed to fund
I bet thank you that's an important
phone that is the damn straight that is
Anonymous's hey rich you're from that
Chicago place right I'm running a nerd
role-playing game set in Chicago any
factoids you can give me as a local for
world building something you might not
find online
it's a city like like other cities
probably less arrogant than New York
let less accent even Valis the Chicago
accent that you've heard like doubles
that's a lie there's like a very small
number of people who talk like that
yeah and I've met one of them once and
he happened to be a cop downtown that is
absolutely alive much much like the the
Wisconsin accent is actually like there
people assume the people from Wisconsin
like talk Oh a tear Hey but that's
Minnesota
like the Fargo they assume more Fargo
but also Cubs and White Sox fans hate
each other it's nobody roots for both
teams that just doesn't happen oh yeah
yeah we're somewhere new also the the
south side of the city the Greater
Chicago area is considered the
blue-collar side the poorer side whereas
the north side is the ritzy ER side you
mean says I assume tipping was to get
questions directly to you guys speaking
of do you guys hear about what the
die-hard director said about Mad Max and
Captain America also where's Jay now I
have no idea what the die-hard director
is said about these films what diehard
director I can't remember his name but T
Ramos I think drawn a blank I'm sitting
there talking about the first movie
first and third oh sure Nicholas no I
don't I can't remember his fucking name
same guy who did predator predator oh
okay my stuff miss Biddy Vega the Cubs
White Sox hatred has never made sense to
me they're not in the same league so
can't really step on each other's toes
unlike Boston New York Yankees tell that
tell that to the 1908 World Series they
played against each other in the World
Series
White Sox won by the way the Cubs
haven't wanted everyone side very very
long time
sorry sir each n by the way I'm just I'm
just kind of futzing around here I don't
you know I'm not doing anything
specifically I'm just just exploring so
hopefully you're okay with that
hopefully you can still hear me I don't
you know because the things coming from
my mouth are will be slightly after but
as we are breaking pots right now I'm
just putzing around so hopefully you're
okay just putzing around with me there's
pots to be broken you know siren said so
hey rich pop mentioning spoilers for
Jack or others who haven't seen the film
do you feel Ghostbusters 2016 has more
callbacks in either Star Trek 2009 or
the force awakens like the force awakens
didn't have any wink nods like there
were like the Millennium Falcon's a part
of the world but that wasn't a wink nod
the wink nod that specifically bothers
me and there were many like this in the
Star Trek was when was when dr. McCoy
meets Kirk and he goes yeah my wife
divorced me she left me with nothing but
and then looks right into the camera my
bones my bones rich it might have been
the 1909 worlds there's one of the early
freaking world series of crying I got
the year wrong deal with it I mean what
do you what do you what do you define as
a callback I mean having essentially the
same plots what what counts I think the
cameos they count because they're really
intrusive okay I think that would count
if the cameos are intrusive even the
unconsenting Harold Ramis cameo there's
a like a like a shot of like a close-up
of a bust of Harold Ramis
in a college okay it was just a bus
that's fine I like I didn't know if they
like got pocketed and no Harold Ramis
hologram that would be that would be a
really upsetting but now there's just a
bust him that you know what that is
that's a nice homage what he didn't want
to be in it what if he had what if he
had the Rick Moranis stance you know I
mean you don't know that you know
though it doesn't fucking matter very
presumptuous really yeah that doesn't
fucking matter by the way if assuming by
the way that this was not a Ghostbusters
movie if this was like ghosts
controllers LLC or whatever right and
they put a little Harold Ramis statue in
there that would be fine because that is
just an homage to something they like
I think I might have some oh yeah
there's an elevator coming sea urchin so
we are gonna wait for this elevator and
then we're gonna go down yeah here comes
so there's a bust of Egon Spengler and
the universe for Egon splegg on Spengler
never existed I don't remember there was
a name you could read on the bus just
notice it was Harold Ramos in a bust in
the college I don't know that was
supposed to be Egon specifically because
none of none of the cameos are as those
characters right so look at that oh yeah
it's neat that's pretty that's a nice
view that's what that is
great spine it through 1:5 says everyone
else was tipping you I just wanted to be
popular also I'm from Chicago that's a
big faux pas to put ketchup on your hot
dogs here at riot proof says rich I am
sure you have played enough SimCity to
know whether or not nuclear power is a
good idea
also my wife wants a biscuit and Jack's
dream involving Mouse on a string as the
game oh the internet would love that I
don't know if I can I don't know if I
can make biscuit cooperate for a full
stream and I don't I don't think SimCity
is the best way to judge nuclear power
right right ups and downs rich ups and
downs we are not experts
I just know energies the thing that we
need we do need energy and and your
fossil fuels are running low and at some
point you just you might need to deal
with nuclear if if if solar and wind
aren't cutting the muster ah I'm
certainly I'm certainly not against
solar I'll tell you that Elon Musk says
it's the future so I'm gonna fucking
believe them
nice it's a question of whether or not
they get enough juice out of it
cost-effectively right absolutely and
they're making they're making they're
making improvements I know a friend of
mine is an environmental engineer and
deals with a ton of shit like this and
and according to him he says soon we
will we will see solar panels that will
be fucking baller his words exactly why
don't we just harness is this from too
much nuki why don't we just harness
energy from another dimension someplace
hot and he'll like with demonic
residence I get it I get it it's not how
like damn it it's fucking hell well you
fucked up jack sorry
how many times did Sarah revive you I
could not go to the friends list and see
if there's anyone else now okay we're
gonna go throw friends list anybody
who's playing this game we're gonna
we're gonna send you an invite okay okay
it'd be so great if it just said the
only the people who were playing yeah
that would be nice getting they're
getting they're going through oh just
yeah there you go there you go
hopefully me and no now we left Sarah
Jen well what we've wait for it
invite
okay
just the sky you noses nuclear can
cleanly generate massive amounts of
energy
all power creation is dangerous and cost
lives nuclear has one of the lowest
death rates modern nuclear plants are
very safe right oh yeah no there's
there's ups and downs you know actually
there's no that's one of the things is
like when people talk about nuclear like
you have to remember that like not many
modern nuclear plants have been built
most of them more built like the 70s or
80s like all right all right great we're
doing great let's go let's start the
game you've got to go to games in steam
under Necropolis it will show all the
plans our friends were playing that so
not using the in-game app but just going
to steam and doing your invites there's
what somebody in the chat a sec okay you
wanna try we're already starting already
started already starting sorry I was
pressing buttons while you're okay sorry
people are picking outfits yeah people
are picking up okay now but now we got
three of us which basically just means
we're gonna kill each other I think I
think we're not gonna do a great job
there is I the fact that there's team
damage
okay all right here we go here we go
there's Magnus it's it's funny because
more people are killed from installing
solar power cells than our than have
been from nuclear power sure okay I
don't know if that's true but sure
there's there Jen okay flushy passenger
fleshy patch says all power will be
provided by Jesus case closed
thank you for that very he'll case very
helpful problem solved case fuckin
closed things no no okay he's coming
he's coming
let's rock and roll
yonder yonder says nuclear power
actually travels just fine over distance
if the reactor remembers to have the AC
adapter plugged in sure nothing matters
nothing is true okay
okay brazen head that's the brazen head
hi guys let's fucking do this let's fuck
up some skeleton let's just see what we
can do let's just see we can do take it
let's take our time though okay fucking
take our time don't hit it try not to
hit each other that's important Ritchie
a fan of the band Chicago no not
especially
yeah do they have any uh what's their
big song Chicago when the night's Carol
available good she knows everything
music city
also I the controller might be broken
cuz I'm having trouble putting my shield
up she oh shit fuck you Oh little better
shield thanks your button might be
broken
really I don't know or or just the
controls are all funny okay I've get a
new controller in here Kirkland says
Kirkland I look at nuclear power the
same way as a commercial as commercial
aviation it's safe as long as it works
and is designed correctly but when it
goes wrong it goes fucking wrong what
was that
I think these are traps these like black
squares they don't that's for everyone
that's for Magnus and say reach and I
think those black squares or traps try
not to step in there vets at this game
they're just looking at you like Oh God
he doesn't know about the traps he
doesn't know about or do you believe it
does another truck I can't believe it
isn't know how the truth work fuck holy
hell that's awesome that's awesome
nope nope can't hit it can't hit it
can't hit it rich any reason why it's
taking the guys three days to edit the
ghostbusters half in the bag has been
three came out on Friday today's Sunday
Thursday night four days Friday Saturday
Sunday
there I have revived you Sarah Jen are
my life debt is now paid yes I did see
the post-credits scene in the recent Gus
Ghostbusters and everything about it is
wrong there's a post-credits scene yeah
Jesus like everything about it is wrong
oh Jesus Wow
Color Me excited and I'm sorry jack I'm
just gonna spoil this it's not the most
exciting thing in the world yeah they're
they're listening to a recording and
what's the face Leslie Jones she's got
the headphones on she's listened to the
recording yeah and you should take the
headphones off and she says in who Azul
shut up and it's the not only is it
stupid here's the first reason it's
stupid
neither neither Zul more Gozer is
anybody's favorite villain the
ghostbusters needed a thing to fight and
they says a monster called goes oh yeah
so it's not like it's not like they're
teasing Doctor Doom it's like so it's
dumb for that reason the other reason
it's dumb is they handle it in the worst
way possible
like EVPs the spooky recordings you can
barely hear what they're saying right
and you want if you want to tease it you
got you got to do it and that kind of
like spooky kind of creepy
oh this is what's come and cut away and
they just have Leslie Jones take off her
headphones and say who's ool like it
should have been everyone's just talking
and they're listening to the recording
for EVPs and they don't hear anything
and some other witty dialogue happens
and then everybody walks out of the room
while the tape recorders still going and
the camera zooms in and just you hear
very quietly so sure that's the way you
do that why didn't they do that I'm an
imbecile when I thought of it
I'm sorry rich
oh shit
nice nice teamwork teamwork that was
great - oh shit there's more of them oh
let them fight each other let them fight
each other
sustenance house how's your run going
here ah you know we're not as far yet
but does it feel much easier with three
people you know what it's actually like
very strangely balanced we're yeah we
can take care of the enemies easier but
we also have to worry about us hitting
each other you know well because there's
uh there's team damage so that's
actually a lot harder look up rich talk
about fusion jazz nope look I could tell
you the first thing about few what is
fusion jazz like jazz just like
electronica and under something what
what is it I don't fuck man fuck man I
have no idea
alright let's take out let's take a
moment and I'm gonna see if we can if I
can craft an ogre I can craft some meat
I can craft one of one of these things
great
I'm gonna eat a meat to give me a little
more life okay let's rock and roll
you can't hear me oh wait I say return
crafting yes don't somebody why doesn't
my shield my shield works like half the
time yeah I crafting okay take take a
moment craft it up are you guys excited
for no man's sky
I am excited for no man's sky i I'm
really excited to see what the game is
gonna be which by the way no one has any
idea what the actual game I'm I'm
skeptical if they'll be able to pull off
the the amount of variety that they need
to yes so that's that would be tempering
excitement but I'm certainly wanting to
play of what it's up when is that coming
out it's gotta be soon
fuck where do you guys come from
rich I heard something about
Ghostbusters 2016 if you wouldn't mind
what is the very first joke in the movie
anything we will I swear to you we will
have a super in-depth conversation like
Jack has not seen the film I have not
seen it I know and I would like to I
know everyone's talking about us I in
general would like to see it so I've
asked for it and I know it's hard
because it's the new movie it's
debatable what I wanted what I'm going
to say which isn't a spoiler is it's
debatable whether there are any jokes in
the film but every everything that was
supposed to be funny fell completely fat
flat completely flat that's right so
yeah that's a lot of what you judge a
comedy on it's like how funny is it
anonymous is rich say necessitate okay I
said it why was that wrong necessitate
Melissa McCarthy is fine her character
isn't especially memorable she doesn't
doesn't have especially good chemistry
with the other character
oh shit
nice nice let's take a moment see if we
can craft anything Kate McKinnon is the
best I really had no favorable Sun on my
mic and Jay actually both like Leslie
Jones I like Kate McKinnon in other
things in general engine in general if
that counts for anything you know I'm
gonna make one of these adventurers
chalk I have no idea what they do
I'm not I'm not saying anything to Jack
that be that could be considered a
spoiler except for the Zul thing and I
had to talk about that's a post credit
thing so not it really a spoiler
yeah I'm gonna see it I will see it soon
so we can have a super spoiler if ik
conversation about it on Wednesday but
and I appreciate that rich yeah I
appreciate you and I really didn't talk
about the post credit stuff that much in
half of the bag okay so I want to bring
that up
I think this
beany Vavoom sir card says jack i
finally saw space cop and i have to say
that your performance as alien officer 3
was extraordinary simply exquisite you
are a thespian in the truest sense of
the word rich was okay
I don't I don't know what I'm buying
here I will be honest with you what is
that you know what I'm gonna use this
adventurous truck I have no idea what it
is you you do that I'm gonna stand up
oh god it's time to stand up where's my
fucking stand up timer I don't fucking
know sorry Jen
Cerie chen we left without you Cerie
chen no don't fall it's coming back up
for you it's coming back up for you we
will wait here oh I used all my tokens
we will wait for you Sara Jen sea urchin
Oh
all right let's rock n roll
let's rock and roll
nice nicely done everyone
they say dad nicely done
taking moments crafts yeah let's take a
moment to craft everybody crafting
Magnus Magnus is crafting
the left bumper is broken on this
controller which is very upsetting to me
okay
okay oh wait now Sarah Chen is crafting
ser Jana's potion and great great
great
oh shit
fuck
fight kill them first kill them first
save me later
Oh Sara Chen's down kill them first
Magnus kill them first kill them first
same boss same damn boss I hope it's a
boss oh no your microphone oh my god
that was a really loud noise for
everyone did you do
and we died oh yeah yeah I'm gonna stand
up I'm gonna stand up for what I got a
text I just want to make sure it wasn't
something so ghostbusters ghostbusters
ghostbusters cause Buster's ghostbusters
ghostbusters
but really Ghostbusters ghosts busted
ghostbusters ghostbusters ghostbusters
so did the comedy in the movie feel more
scripted than the first Ghostbusters
know what if it doesn't mean it's good
but we consider playing the new game
based on berserk when it releases maybe
all right no new tips catch up on there
oh my god so much chat going on did
Melissa McCarthy fart no not really
not exactly
if you want to cleanse your palate from
ghostbusters rich talk about how great
the spectacular spider-man is oh that if
you're talking about the cartoon show
spectacular spider-man was awesome and
what's a shame but it got replaced with
ultimate spider-man and it'll never be
continued that's that's great
basically the world is a depressing
place to be I have not checked out the
preacher TV show yet if I check it out
I'll probably wait until the first
season is done and I'm watching all at
once so we don't I really don't like
space and shit out I like I like binge
watching
I love binge watching
I know my friends list is full I've got
hundreds of requests the world is
depressing but DC Universe Online is
still free to play you forgot to add on
the you fucks there's no way the
preachers show is going to the comic
book justice yeah that's it's kind of
why I've been reluctant to watch it
there's one of the damn reasons no no I
haven't seen white white white white
white white fan of the common well you
know what if I give it a shot I'll wait
till the first fucking season done is
done so I can binge watch that shed
rather than watching it piecemeal
like a schmuck oh my can't use different
outfits well I'll be this portable lady
st. Bob Saget's is Jack and rich yeah if
you guys ever go out hunting for Pokemon
again
you do you think you could do it from a
tree stand I mean then not many Pokemon
will come to us is the only problem
did you hear about the poison gas
Pokemon that that's somebody caught in
the Holocaust Museum I don't know if
that was a Photoshop or not I why would
the not be if the Pokemon are showing up
in there what's to stop that one from
showing up in there I have no reason to
doubt the story oh I only have a reason
to doubt the story just because there's
been so many photo shops is it it is is
it still possible though of course of
course it's possible okay 100% possible
I don't know that I would lose my shit
over it if it's true no no it's
important but obviously it's a random
thing that can happen
big ideal I do I do know that the
Holocaust Museum has officially asked me
any antic to remove them
from their data which it probably should
and I just don't know if that's possible
is it possible to blacklist sites I'm
sure they could do it if they really
wanted to I'm sure I'm sure
choosing our outfits
if you press up and down you get to
choose your outfit it's true it's all
Pokemon thing is an elaborate hoax
haven't they already banned Pokemon go
in some countries banning in a country
is easy because then you can just not
make it available in the App Store you
know I did hear that some random Pokemon
spawned and like I think of a central
park and just like a hundred people or
more more than 100 people just started
streaming flooding into the park I saw
the blocking traffic saw that that was
great that was great that's the same
that's beautiful the power of Pokemon oh
sorry
there you go tender juicy SEC check mate
says I'm getting one new blu-ray should
it be princess meadow ki Orakei rub Jack
you know what it has been so long since
I've seen a Keira you should probably
get Princess Mononoke just because I've
seen that one more recently and I know
it's fun I do one of these days I need
to re-watch Akira but it has been so
long since I've seen it
yeah there's definitely something wrong
with the shoulder button by the way you
sure it's not just the game yes I'm sure
okay ready hey Cerie time we're going
Thank You savory chant got stuck last
time we went down to Lyle there was the
long elevators we had to wait there's a
whole thing rich you were standing up
how many months does Pokemon go ahead
before it falls off the radar there are
a lot of pokemons nuts out there I'm
sure it will die down oh I am pretty
sure of that you know what you know what
what's happening with me is what I'm
sure is happening with a lot of people
is finally we're getting to a point
where we're ready to start like taking
on these gyms right huh and like we're
starting to get get to the next level
the game where it's not just about
finding the Pokemon it's about leveling
them up and you know control having your
team control a territory the only
problem is every gym has a super
powerful Pokemon in it and there are
people that are like grinding you know
that that are power leveling and so I
wonder how many people that's going to
turn away it'll get a bump when pvp
starts oh yeah yeah it'll hurt when the
winter starts it'll be a drop off and I
don't know how many of them will come
back in the summer here's what I want to
know how popular is this in the southern
hemisphere
right now where is winner is it
available it's gotta be right no I know
it's not available in every country yet
it is not available in every country yet
so I I think I think the winter is an
important obstacle for Pokemon go I
agree oh shit in Australia it is what's
the weather like in the winter in
Australia though does it ever get like
really cold
what is where are they add do they have
snow that's a serious question it is a
serious question or is it like a similar
latitude lunge to Lake to the south or
never it never gets that cold all right
is that the case with Australia I don't
know I don't know what the fuck is that
oh it's just that guy
Australia's in winter right now and it
does get cold okay
yeah but those people like I mean
there's people like in the American
South who think it's cold when it's like
right that's not really cold that's you
can go you can go outside weather into
your Pokemon just put on a little put on
a little coat right little coat like for
us you know winter is negative degrees
yes
winter means something very different in
Wisconsin that it does in like South
Carolina yes and the question is does
Australia ever get like snow
I know Australia is a pretty big place
it's probably not the same everywhere
but I mean is there is there an area in
Australia where it is really fucking
cold right now
and if there is how is how is that
affected their pokémons
60 degrees I'm wearing shorts
yeah mid 50s to 60s that's Australian
cold that's not real cold sorry
Ricky's talking about is one we have two
feet of snow and our wearing full full
like snow gear are we gonna be able to
play the game
never good better good nice nice
teamwork there guys nice teamwork
fucking feeling at this time we're good
we're going the distance this time is
that true probably not everybody eat
your meat eat your meat wait we can't oh
we came from that direction yeah okay
you can't find random people's gotta be
people from your friends list which I
find weird that would be weird
it seems that way it does seem that way
it would be great if you could just find
random people it would be great if you
could just find random people I don't
know though there's a lot I don't know
about the game
two questions will you be getting the
new mini nests with 30 class of games
loaded on it no and are you watching
stranger things because it's fucking
fantastic what's the 18th time we've got
next
is a person time I've heard about it
would be when we started the stream and
from people's descriptions that sounds
good I'll probably check it out
as far as the new mini Ness goes yeah
I've got more than that on my PC I I do
not understand the point of that with
with those games already being on
Virtual consoles other Nintendo devices
well it's it's just going to be like the
laziest Christmas gifts that you can get
someone who you don't know what to buy
something for yeah
and I'm not gonna feel guilty about
having an emulator when I've got like a
hundred carts and storage somewhere I'm
just not gonna feel guilty about that
but but it's alright those games are
already available on Nintendo hardware
you can get those games on the DSM like
they're available you know so no I think
I think it's that that's the silliest
thing
where do you come from it's cheaper than
the virtual console for all those games
I have all of those games
why don't we mean them again you have a
tiny mess is cute it's cute
don't care hey by the way really cute
super adorable oh whoa what what
what
we've done a thing
yep give yourself some room wide berth
wide berth checked you have any feelings
about children of men I love children
man that's a great movie someone's ass
but I haven't seen it so you haven't
seen children man you may put that move
that way up on your list way up man
children of men is fuckin great come
Clive Owen all these like super
intricate long takes sci-fi
post-apocalypse giving birth and no one
can figure out why but no one's having
any new babies and and Clive Owen runs
into some mysterious figures that maybe
have something to do with having new
babies and it's fucking fantastic it's
it's one of those movies where I wish
more movies would take place in a
universe of the fruit of the foreseeable
future you know like it's just future
enough where there's some tiny little
shit but there's some old shit - you
know Mike had that idea for a movie
decades ago oh yeah
slightly slightly different Mike had an
idea for a movie where aliens wanted to
conquer the earth yeah and aliens you
know view time very differently so they
just did something that prevented
anybody from giving birth daddy baby and
the last people alive we're like in an
old folks home I really you know just
the only people left why for like a
handful of people that were like you
know in their 80s and 90s and then the
aliens think it's okay for them to start
invading no good and but you know then
the old people who are left they decide
to fight off the aliens who are invading
that's great and because of the because
of the way the aliens experience time is
different like these 80 and 90 year olds
look like they're moving in super fast
motion to the aliens
and it was gonna be like people in like
walkers like outrunning missiles very
slow-moving missiles that's really fun I
promise holy fuck holy fuck look at that
sword it's great but yeah children of
men fuckin phenomenal movie they had to
have all of these it's full of these see
entire scenes that are done in one take
and beautiful camera movement Clive Owen
Clive Owen I why is it bein stood
anymore I love Clive Owen Sarah chin I'm
not mad at you for stealing my sword I
won't let you know that you stole my
soul I open that chest and I got a sword
and I'm not mad at you tired and sad
says wait no no sorry no that was just
me okay
Terence ed says hey rich since you
discussed the lame post-credit scene how
likely do you think there will be a
sequel to Ghostbusters 2016 depends on
how desperate Sony is I don't know I
don't know I believe the movie is doing
slightly better than projection yeah but
that's bullshit what I think they're
lying about their damn projections no
they weren't that was in the lease this
movie is in the same league box-office
wise right now as Green Lantern was Plus
it's not gonna have its China release
that's true and Plus Star Trek's gonna
give it a fucking black eye next week is
it this is gonna be it's gonna be a
disaster
yeah all said and done it could be it
very well could be so I'm not I'm not
sure if they'll try it they'll talk
about it they talked about you know
making were a spider-man Cinematic
Universe after the bomb that was the
amazing spider-man 2 so we'll talk about
it whether or not he'll do it
yeah we'll see it we'll see how sales go
yep
and if you don't know China will not be
well they're not letting the new
Ghostbusters into the country basically
they're not letting them show it right
because of the ghost thing I guess
somewhat a Chinese labas about the
having supernatural elements in your
film did not meet they denied it or they
just don't want to fucking deal with a
headache this movie it's just not worth
it that's what they said we've been
reading the YouTube you know if I'm not
we're not dealing with this shit we're
gonna have to spend so much time
censoring our internet comments that
it's not worth it be great novices rich
are you familiar with the British World
War two historian dr. Richard Evans an
IMDB says that jack is also known as
Hideo Kojima I'm not familiar with that
Richard Evans I'm sure he's a very smart
man because of his name if you google
Jack Packard there's another there's
another Jack packer Jack Packard used to
be a fictional character in a radio
detective show who that's that's the
other Jack Packard he was a fictional
radio detective whoa oh my god going on
here looks like I'm gonna have to dust
for fingerprints those one of those
fuckers doesn't shine I'll only let a
limited number of movies in the year
every year - yeah it depends on how many
like Chinese movies there are that makes
it fun Oh fancy weapon
alright great let's fucking do this

[Part II]
everybody here everybody here gotta get
used to this law rights I don't know
what this weapon does but it glows red
so I only assume it's better was Star
Wars big and China
Star Wars is big everywhere I'm assuming
it did ok in China that's a fair
assumption right
why can't I kill you
unit 603 idiot says rich Jake look what
comedy movies from the last few years
do you like also prereq is great but
needs more rich Evans getting struck in
the dick with lightning well thank you
what the thank you for that I can't
think of many companies in the last few
years I don't get to the movies all that
much honestly good comedies for the last
few years yeah I really liked Ted most
of the funny things I see are like DV
shows sure I really liked Ted I know
that God shit out a lot but I thought it
was really funny
obviously Mike and Dave need wedding
dates I think is incredibly funny but
I'm also incredibly biased as my cousin
directed it but if we're talking about
recent comedies I haven't seen Deadpool
yet Deadpool yeah yeah you know this was
like Deadpool did have one incredible
incredible laugh-out-loud moment
oh shit for me that that makes it stand
out if you don't watch movies why the
hell are you in red letter media because
I am goofy friend my role is very
clearly defined I am fat goofy friend
and you want the in-depth insightful
analysis then you're you're looking at
everyone else basically but me
oh fuck Sarek you are our only hope
sorry chen kill them first kill them
first
don't worry about us oh that's alright
but we really yep oh nice
I'll check for the dog thing is it what
is it cost to revive nothing just time
it cost time taking a chance just take
it a chance okay they don't say that's
here dog thing oh oh god oh god you
killed Suri Chen no they think the dog
did I think that was legit I think that
was legit shit oh my god I lost all my
weapons and shit well you know what Jack
shit happens shit fucking happens now
you gotta kill that thing
that's alright
what great great you did it you did it
we made it everybody we made it
everybody everybody projected it I a
that kind of helped I kind of I was
killing stuff I'm just I'm just I'm
gonna see if I can is there but if
there's a better she'll than yeah I
don't think there is all right all right
we try we're going this way no we came
from that way did we I don't know just
this guy you know says have you seen the
mermaid highest-grossing Chinese movie
of all time
i watch that i planed recently actually
really liked it it was wacky and funnier
than I'd expected I haven't even heard
of it so there you go I have not seen it
I'm sipping Jack hasn't either Oh based
on his response tired and sad says rich
if you want to see a great ensemble
supernatural comedy that's genuinely
creepy check out what we do in the
shadows I will note that name and I
won't get around to watching it for
another five years right but I'll note
the name rich has keeping my Magnus you
got to close damn it no I was fighting
something in Magnus got in there that's
that's the people who do Flight of the
Conchords which you have not seen what
we're doing the shadows don't know
alright back in the back it up back it
up back it up I have not seen the leak
of the new rogue one trailer and by the
way I think most leaks at this point our
suspect I think is the way to generate
buzz make you feel like it's something
you shouldn't be seeing absolutely yeah
okay
are you reviving good good good oh this
game has friendly fire well you gotta do
something not to make four players
totally easy it'd be my assumption be
really easy to gang up on and beat up on
something it would be I would I would
love a little less friendly fire at this
point during that fight I think all of
our deaths came from each other you know
mm-hm
like it's like the Deadpool trailer
getting leaked by like Ryan Reynolds
directly yeah but that that wasn't
actually because yeah it helped generate
you know the movie was still being made
at that point well wasn't being made at
all that was a teaser they had made to
get Foxton to want to make it and Fox
didn't want to make it right and so then
they leaked then a week later at the
internet loves it and Fox all the sudden
was like oh maybe there is interest so I
guess you're right that one was kind of
a legitimate that's a legitimately yeah
it's weird though when the leak is the
people who made the fucking thing agree
okay all right Howard I believe the Ryan
Reynolds thing was known as a proof of
concept yeah but it was a proof of
concept that was like shelved for like
two years or a year or more by Fox who
had no interest and eventually Ryan
Reynolds was like fuck it I know this is
good well we'll get the internet hyped
about it yep everybody be cool be cool
about fire safety okay here we go here
we go here we go yep yep shit that's
right I don't have my good shield can
you not pick up the weapons after you
died my I could not pick up my weapons
now why is that did you did it espera
something
nice fuck you I'm taking your weapon
I killed yeah I'm taking your weapon
Ghostbusters shirt does that mean
there's a review coming oh my god why
would why would we do a review on
Ghostbusters than everyone is hyped
about wants to hear our opinions on why
would we do that never make any fucking
sense never happened never happened ever
happen nope
I'm sorry that I took that axe but I
killed that guy I know you guys were
kind of you guys were kind of like bait
but I killed him so I took his axe and
you guys already had cool weapons so
Necropolis is the most disappointing
game since my son I was excited I was so
excited for this and it just looks like
half a game
it really helps if you have a friend to
play with I'll be honest and that was
dr. Talos saying that it really helps
having people to play with I can see
this being a little bit of a
disappointing single-player experience
I'm having fun though
I'm having fun I I think it's out on
Xbox and ps4 as well and I might take a
look at that ps4 version I have a lot of
ps4 friends so I take a look this time
it's lupus says hey guys
true story true story the guy who did
the be cool about fire safety rap also
did the pokerap that plays at the end of
all of the early Pokemon episodes played
in America Pokemon yep gotta catch em
all gotta catch em up what gotta catch
em all gotta catch them all hmm it's a
whole thing it's a whole Pokemon thing I
couldn't even tell you what the main
theme sounds like in all honesty really
yeah
do I remember what the main theme sounds
like I don't know if I do
nice nice teamwork nice teamwork
everybody I need a better shield yeah I
wanna be the very best like no one ever
was to catch them is my real test to
train them is my cause Pokemon are you
making this up
I will battle across the land searching
far and wide and in all honesty in all
honesty Jack right now I think there's a
40% chance you are making this up travel
across the land searching far and wide
so there's something Pokemon gotta catch
em all no this is a real thing okay I
believe in my destiny you trained me and
I'll train you Pokemon I have I have
barely seen the Pokemon cartoon and
that's what I know about it that first
parts right I can tell you that for sure
but I don't know about the rest of it
notices hey guys
after seeing the last best of the worst
I did some research and it turns out
that miss utterly is actually an ancient
demon her true name a Lewis cow Aloise
cow I like that
bump of all I like that I get it that is
reference to think
great
forty percent rich have you learned
nothing from XCOM I have that's why I
said 40 for a reason I wasn't I wasn't
totally doubting it right
did they already talk about the new
Ghostbusters no not at all
not at all I haven't said one word about
that fucking movie god damn it Sarah
shit knows their hitch and not again
sorry Jeff
we were here we were ready just sorry
was plugging Wii U pro controller in
that's all right I'll send it back out
there yeah it's kind of but yeah like I
could see I could see if I found like a
group of people to to delve into this
with I could I could see playing a
little bit more of this rich did you
ever clicked any kind of training curbs
growing up now that I had too many but I
love me some Garbage Pail Kids everybody
loved the Garbage Pail Kids absolutely
well unless you were like born after
they were a thing done I suppose
but yeah it's pretty big on the the
Garbage Pail Kids Thanks everybody loved
the Garbage Pail Kids
I was more into the moment the atom bomb
head from the cover on the packages and
never never got him never fucking got
him okay
saves you a minute
this is the furthest we've made it in
the game so far
but
stay out of each other fuck fuck run
away run away let him come to you
rich what products do you want to buy
now that you seen the new Ghostbusters
like I really want some Pringles yeah
yeah yeah they got a lot of Pringles
they got them some Pringles they have
some prominent Pringles Sarah Jane it's
up to you again both Magnus and I are
down
sorry chance just carrying your how come
you didn't lose your items what business
okay so what it appears is there are two
kinds of deaths one is one you just
knocked down death and your teammate can
help you if you're knocked down for too
long then you like teleport somewhere
okay which is what happened last time
and say return God's meantime whatever
beefcake says MLG Pro right all right
yeah no surgeon is basically like way up
on it and is sri Chin's back must be
hurting from carrying you all game I do
not I do not doubt that I do not deny
her contributions to the team III had a
rocket League match someone recently
yeah where the two other people in my
team they were much higher rank than me
they were in like the the master
territory oh she's a veteran and their
score was like both like the 500s at the
time the game ended five eight hundred
and I like 100 and when the match was
over I just said thanks for the ride
and I got some mellow roles they
understood what I meant sometimes and
you know what sometimes you're on the
you're on the other end of that right
sometimes you're the you're the heavy
hitter on the team I will never be good
at the aerials and I'll go I just I've
just come to accept that you know
they're tough
they're really tough
let's just see who wins spider versus
skeleton let them folks skeleton oh no
spider coming back spiders coming back
go spider versus skeleton ooh and yeah
oh we got a spider victory we got a
spider victory fuck kill me Magus Jack
why why did you do that I was going why
did you do that going for the spider
I'm really sorry Magnus because he was
right in that area you just ran right
through and started swinging your sword
willy-nilly wildly thought rich didn't
like multiplayer games I tend to avoid
them because someday the rocket League
servers are gonna be dried up and I'm
like oh why don't I play rock I'm like
oh nobody's playing that anymore
fortunately rocket League seems to be
very popular rocket show has has been
added to many pro-gaming yeah yeah what
do you call them competitive competitive
matches like rocket League is taken off
in a very real way which is great for
those of us who love it you you were
streaming it the other day and that
actually got me Rihoko a rocket League
kick
Jeff losses yeah true story also the
voice actor for Eddie Eagle in the Jason
Priestley gun safety video is cam clarke
who also voiced Leonardo from 90s era
Ninja Turtles and liquid snake in the
Metal Gear series well Glenn Karp climb
Clark he was someone's snake or liquid
snake liquid snake had a different voice
actor than Solid Snake they're supposed
to be clones why wouldn't you just use
the same fucking voice actor because
wasn't it it was revealed that they were
clones like you yeah yeah you know you
haven't do the voice differently when
you get the same guy so weird
I don't
there's all sorts of story in here maybe
liquid snake didn't smoke as much a
solid you know you know what I can buy
that I can buy that oh my god this guy
let himself on fire
what what why does jango fett sound
different from boba it's like they
didn't plan it out properly Oh Magnus
where you going was there a guy come on
I don't know you're the one playing
bring up Metal Gear stuff through
maternal something or other all right
fine fine fine it's all fine it's all
fine
Richard Roeper wrote a piece about the
shit he got after giving Ghostbusters a
bad review oh I'd love to read that and
that's why you're gonna have a hard time
trusting the reviews on this because
there's just so much so much political
bullshit surrounding it these guys got
trapped free XP can I hit you you got
trapped in the game what you know what
you know I think it's telling what the
Ghostbusters reviews why I say you can't
trust them look at the Rotten Tomatoes
scores all right it's good 74 last time
I looked and Rotten Tomatoes okay switch
it to the like the pro critic be the top
critics and it drops down to 50 it drops
down to like 52 I think oh my god the
huge discrepancy yeah yeah well then you
know it's a genre movie it's a comedy so
like you're probably gonna find that
discrepancy but it shouldn't be that big
how did it get a 76 on rotten tomatoes
because they marketed this movie on
shame does men are horrible give it a
good review for the ladies cuz women
could do it too because it's not just a
bad movie it's a cause
oh rich that's it it's not just a bad
movie it's a cause see what a worse shit
is what it is nailed it Sony trying to
milk as much money as they can out of
this turd
I'm probably not supposed to be up here
but here err megawatts is rich and Jack
yeah I have to thank you guys on the SF
debris de bris we don't have to say his
name on the rise of yes don't fuck the
SF I think it's debris SF Tabriz oral
history of comic book publishing then
don't thank me thank father who sent it
to me yeah what a fun listen that is
fuck what a fun listen FS debris or F
you know spelled FS de bris just lovely
like 13 part video series on the history
of comic book publishing super fun super
fun everyone should give that should
give that a listen there's a comment I
like because I think I pretty much
completely agree with that stick Lord
says rich when you and Mike were talking
about how they were basically just some
schlubby exterminators it made me
realize the original Ghostbusters could
easily have been a Three Stooges short
and that's not a knock at all and I I
agree I completely agree I think some
some would argue that that's kind of the
the part that Bill Murray is playing you
know the schlub oh he's not down he's
not down
thank you thank you both for helping me
I'm just so pathetic but I appreciate it
this is why I need some friends this guy
you have to kill fast cuz he blows up
nice the old Ghostbuster loved its
audience the new one has contempt for it
yes I actually I agree with that 1,000%
just just take a closer look at the
villain in the new one take a close look
at that what they're sad
whoa look at that thing
well it's gonna cool I don't know what
the fuck it is but it's kind of cool
Magnus goes mine I'm nice
that's neat that's a neat enemy
yeah
sorry Magnus
sorry Magnus something was attacking you
and I didn't want it to that was my bad
my bad
why did you spend 12 dollars in a movie
you knew was going to suck I didn't know
was going to suck the as much as the the
shitstorm around it was annoying the the
movie itself isn't funny I'm sorry
whoa whoa whoa whoa Sarah Jen whoa by
the way there becomes like it becomes
really intuitive how you how you learn
to like move within a group is a really
positive thing I can say about this game
you start to like learn how your
teammates attack and and that's really
nice
what is that what's going on it's all
red
it's all red so how are you feeling
about the snow I'm sure you like it okay
that's a neat thing
fuck fuck
you know it's it's tough because if you
don't have shit if you don't have
someone to play this with I could see
you I could see this being a real slog
yeah but we have some people who you
know are dedicated to playing right now
and that makes it kind of fun and the
monsters are neat and the worlds are
starting starting to like me the first
couple of worlds were really boring but
now they look pretty darn cool I I have
not seen bridemaids or spy you know what
I haven't slept Ryan's maids either I
really want to I hear it's fantastic
Mike and Jay have and they both enjoyed
the films I hear I hear nothing but good
things about bridesmaids but you know we
hate movies with any kind of feminist
theme which is which is why I personally
got on my knees and gave fury road a
year-long blowjob right
what that what that who did
I meet they're not coming down I'm gonna
eat real quick
okay all right no all feminism is bad
all movies around feminism abandoned of
course rich
see like that way met like we did that
before that way Magnus kind of lured
that thing to him and I got it on the
backside mmm that's some really
beautiful unspoken teamwork I don't know
if that's what he was trying to do but
it worked
yes that's also why one of my favorite
action movies is aliens yes I also hated
Kill Bill Oh Kill Bill Oh God
that movies sure did you know why it
sucked because there was a woman in it
and they just can't do it as well just
can't do it as well
no Ghostbusters has an outright contempt
for its core audience it's really weird
well wait till I'll see it I'll see it
soon say okay
I don't want to leave you again are you
coming
Sara Jen you're coming no she's okay
she's mixing yeah well wait for you okay
you ready all right magnets magnets you
coming
Magnus Magnus
oh all right here we go
that's three we're gonna take on this
crazy world
Magnus PU says Jack picked up on exactly
what I've been doing you go Jack what
was a bit of an unspoken teamwork that's
really hard to do in a multiplayer game
I'm assuming you know there's something
does this game have like Mike's I wonder
I know I started saying then everybody's
you wouldn't know any more than I do
oh look you got funny hit funny happy
should we talk to this bit II can't
all right great great great let's rock
and let's rock and/or roll
everybody here good everybody here and
answer
oh rich hmm look at this thing with the
big sword wait till turns around look at
this thing
shit that's kind of neat
wait I gotta catch up to it shit ah
it starts on fire so we're trying to
catch up with a comet I lost might be
too late
we literally had aced we literally had
Star Wars the female lead make more
money than anything yeah it's true
yeah nerd culture does not hate women no
it's a it's a fucking lie because they
knew their movie looked terrible they're
trying to guilt people into seeing this
movie just to just stick it onto those
horrible those horrible chauvinist nerds
and yeah that's insulting yeah as hell
okay
what
Krabs's thought I'd reopen the Sun rich
and Jack down under to stream from paxos
fund could you plus chat recommend three
ps3 games that are representative of
that console just got one but with no
games I don't know about representative
of that console and you need to specify
this have to be like exclusives like do
you have a 360
yeah because Vanquish I love the hell
out of vanquish I mean it's also
available on 360 I think you just got
that consoles like yeah you know you got
the souls games first was the Demon
Souls Demon Souls I don't know if Dark
Souls was on it Demon Souls was that
Dark Souls had to about it was it was
Demon Souls the one that was one of them
was like ps2 right am I wrong about that
I don't know I pretty sure Dark Souls
this is ps3
Magnus is just starting fires
I follow a female author on I I follow a
female author on Twitter and she said
that it was amazing to her as a woman
seeing women do things that usually men
do in action movies as she thinks that
young girls would get a lot more out of
this movie than the original
Ghostbusters audience for what I have
nothing against that the problem is the
movies a bad movie it's not funny
fuck and second hey is this person never
seen a movie in like the last 30 years
like Mike it's Knobble that there's a
female actually right
Ripley the bride
Black Widow they've been around forever
that's a bullshit argument fucking ray
in the new Star Wars is a far far better
role model why did it have to be an
all-female cast why couldn't it be a mix
of genders irrelevant irrelevant you're
with ghostbusters what make what makes
that first movie work is the chemistry
between those three specific actors
playing those characters that's not
something you can just just willy-nilly
recreate in fact they couldn't recreate
it in the second movie because yes which
is not as good as the first movie so
it's not even about female actors
Ghostbusters is a franchise that was
never really a franchise yes exactly
because they tried and failed already
remember the closest they came was the
cartoon mm-hmm but I mean that you know
it's a Saturday morning cartoon for
children they just need to go on silly
adventures that's fine I enjoyed it as a
kid
I mean it could have been judd apatow I
could have a dad shut Apatow film with
his crew what I would have felon just as
flagged to me wouldn't be the same
absolutely well that's not really what
Ghostbusters is Ghostbusters really is
Bill Murray dan Aykroyd and Harold Ramis
Ernie Hudson - sure someone get behind
this thing get behind this thing it's
chasing me see look at this we got this
figured out now get behind it there you
go nice ice fuck yeah fuck yeah go team
okay but I mean try and trying to act
like this is the first movie to have
females and action roles is like acting
like red tails is the first movie to
star black people that's a spit in the
face - fury road is what it is spit in
the fucking face
spit in the face - alien really it's
it's a completely out of touch attitude
to have to the point where I'm now
thinking you brought that up and it was
bullshit just to rile me up because
because incredible female author
wouldn't be that dumb there's something
over here Magnus there's something
behind you
trinkets
you know could be tomorrow you up or it
could've just been something that riled
them up you know and they wanted to
share so oh no I feel blinded
oh my god I blinded myself with an
unknown potion my bad there we go all
right let's keep moving forward
yah-hey magnin Magnus got a gun you got
a fire gun you're not huh you're not I'm
sorry Magnus you're not helping there
you go now you hit them
you should be annoyed that they're using
this whole kind of female empowerment
thing is a crutch for a terrible film
yeah yeah Magnus you just take care of
him take care of her from a distance
here that's fine we're going for
distance well I don't we don't care if
we cheese it a little bit well watch
your back it's about seeing females do
science not action avatar squirt knee
Weaver no oh and by the way like we're
not saying we're also not saying like
that this couldn't have worked it could
have worked but by by choosing to remake
Ghostbusters they made it very difficult
on themselves because the original movie
wasn't bad it's still a good movie it's
a hard act to follow by anyone
you're actually better
by anyone including the four original
cast members is from software your
favorite triple-a developer I don't have
like a favorite developer that I only
follow their games since you bring that
up now though from software they also
made 3d heroes which is only available
on the ps3 because we were talking about
that earlier remember yeah which is
basically like a a whimsical homage to
the original Zelda and other kind of
classic JRPGs not that is all that was
ever really a JRPG but there's a lot of
references to shit I'm not familiar
whether shipping went completely over my
head but I understand there are
references to things that I don't know
platinum yeah look I love I love
vanquish but Platinum's made some
stickers transformers game wasn't and it
wasn't anything to write home about and
I understand the Teenage Mutant Ninja
Turtles one wasn't either
yeah I heard I heard they copy-pasted
levels from the transformer game into
the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles I heard
some very negative things about Teenage
Mutant Ninja Turtles
I mean is it wrong for us just to let
Magnus cheese it because he's got he's
got a gun you how did you get a gun
where did where did you get a gun we
need more guns I didn't know we could
get guns
I didn't even realize it was a gun I
thought that was your magic staff it's
got a fucking gun we're here we got your
we're your backup in case they they
decide to flip out on you that's all we
are right now Magnus you are in charge
here this is your show all right we
can't say anything because now the NRA
is a topic in the jet just can't say
anything Jack Jesus age we live in a
world where the Ghostbusters reboot is
the most politically divisive film of
the year
what a year what it's our only alive
right fucking kill me oh shit sorry
there John we stepped on each other's
toes there
that is nice
are we not accepting tips we should be
list is a problem with our tips tips the
problems with tips happen sometimes last
one I have on here is when I read oh
wait maybe it's not I did miss some okay
I did miss some too missed a couple
recruit more pimps for you because it
was the same name I saw earlier I
thought it was that old haha my birthday
on Saturdays on Saturday and I'm
upgrading to blu-ray
what kind of blu-ray player should I get
/ what kind of player does rlm use in
the best of the worst screening room VHS
player I do not play games
so no ps4 we have a blu-ray though I
don't know what I don't know what brand
it is off the top my damn head though I
don't think it's anything super fancy
either so I can only imagine most of
them you know this point blu-ray players
have been around for a before most of
them are gonna give you those features
are gonna give you the same kind of
reliability I'm pretty sure our blu-ray
player is just a blu-ray player one of
those like special also does Netflix if
you want to be practical does the ps4
play blu-rays so if you do want a video
game thing - that's that's an option yep
anonymous says I think it's hilarious
that the pro girl power crowd is now
stuck defending this terrible movie
trying to get people to see it who ends
up winning Sony ah you know what I'm
done talking about it
look I'm done talking about it we'll
talk about it more on Wednesday when we
can get into it gets too damn political
I just know I didn't think it was funny
that's all that matters that's all that
should matter for a comedy hold on I'm
gonna craft gotta craft a little bit
crafting over here hey you guys got it
Kroenke says I need more Pokemon go
streams that first one was a beautiful
disaster you know that's something I
would prefer talking about right now
what how would you feel about trying
again with the pokeyman uh you know what
overall I'd be okay with it like doing
it and have it work would be nice we
learned some lessons we definitely
learned some lessons Sara Chan I'm sorry
I got to fight this thing and I will
come and remand and help rich please
talk about less political topics than
movies like terrorism or military cooze
fucking right what a wonderful world we
live in right oh my god no and you know
like I would definitely uh I would
definitely that'd be down for more
Pokemon go screams I think we learned a
lot of lessons we we actually here in
the studio we have something that might
be a good battery source we just didn't
have it figured out yeah in time for for
the the dealy for the actual stream but
were able to power via USB but I didn't
that wasn't even thinking that wouldn't
be good for the laptop and I'm used to
this world where tablets charge via USB
ports exactly and I had a laptop and
then an Xtreme we might implore like
skyping it here you know but then one of
us would have to stay here so maybe like
next Pokemon stream like if rich is in
the studio and I talked to him via Skype
you know then then we can get a solid
stream cuz that was the other problem is
like you know even though we had decent
decent Wi-Fi it was still a bomb yeah of
an unknown type meat you know it's still
it's still a 4G and not super solid not
super solid Ethernet ready shit that we
got here
so I think that might be a smart way to
do it obviously that takes away you and
I both walking don't you read things
guys read things you prepare for read
things I think that's what this means it
means read things yep yep it does
Kirkland says rich and Jack really
enjoyed the Pokemon stream right it was
a great idea and something fresh and new
here are some money toward trying new
things thank you so person in chat
asking about GM feed pictures that's
just when me and Mike were in high
school that's that's what we label we
went under with our shitty crappy
homemade films you don't hear anything
about it except that was all garbage
crap the prep when you make when you
were in high school is all garbage
you guys need to not multitask on
devices don't use the phone to be the
mobile hotspot and play the game use the
tablet to play the game don't use the
laptop to process the feeds into the
stream and shoot the camera just have a
do one job that's Tiberius Kirk was not
the tip you're probably right some beers
we you know we had to do that because
our MiFi device stopped working that's
what we had to do that but we you bought
a thing specifically so that wouldn't be
an issue well but that's the thing that
stops yeah I'm just explaining this and
so that's why we ended up having to use
the Bob Jesus just bought a ps4 my first
console in eight years and now own doom
and blood-borne
love the hell out of doom even though it
took me about 40 minutes of setup before
I could even play lol fuck my cock glad
you enjoyed doom it's fucking amazing
I had a friend recently who who said
that day after after seeing our review
decided to get to him and you know
doomed it up mm-hmm it's it's so like
doom is just one of those games where
it's like like what we said during the
during the review it were it's just so
necessary people need to understand how
good fucking doom is
hunchback jack says but if you didn't
make that crap in high school you'd
still be making crap now that's true
this is true but you don't show people
your old crap
remember when we were in high school we
did not have the internet and so there
was no place to uh there was no place to
upload all of our crap for everyone to
see
is it where is he
yeah I think sarah chen threw a bomb if
I'm pretty sure it's their chance for a
bomb this is a somewhat interesting
question is is doom the video game
equivalent of fury road words necessary
for it shows you how to do it right in
this modern era when they're not would
be mice thing I would say yes fuckin
City right I have not played Wolfenstein
the new order yet everyone tells me
that's great yeah yeah that came out
earlier than do them but yeah and you
know what it's a it's a throat it's a
throwback to the older style done
correctly so yeah you know what I think
they are very similar yes we did get a
package from curry up chap and we have
way of snacks from that package if
that's the package you're talking about
lot of stuff in that package with my
allergies though I'm reluctant eat
anything when I can't read the label
Touche
so I haven't had anything but we have
the snacks that people have enjoyed them
o
furfle sausage boy have either of you
played any more fury did you download
that did you buy that oh I did it's free
for PS Plus members oh that's right yeah
and so I did download it and played it a
little bit more got through the first
couple bosses
easy fucking peasy you know because I
knew all their pattern right and got
stuck again on that last boss and just
it's just not and at all I also paid
attention to how many levels there work
it's just 9 it's just nothing there's
nine right I don't I don't think there's
enough rewards to keep me interested I
need some little rewards in there I have
an issue with the difficulty levels okay
like we're playing a ton normal it was
pretty hard it's hard to be enjoyable I
wanted to maybe knock it down and go
through it once get used to the bosses
sure and like the next level down
difficulty wise was so easy it wasn't
even worth play
like Fabi a fun fucking middle ground
I learnt easier I don't want baby mode
it was like that you know that second
boss that had like you know like nine
different forms yeah yeah like two I
think two or three and and that one guy
the the guru kind of guy oh yeah then
when we got stuck on him he was so
nerfed it was ridiculous he only had two
phases oh come on
see you know that's part of the game and
you know like like we were talking about
with when we were streaming it if they
had some interludes where you just got
to like slice through some guys huh
just give me some rewards as a player
give me something maybe maybe a
difficulty for maybe you know you lose
health a little bit less but it plays
out mostly the same yeah that'd be nice
Oh
oh sorry Magnus
I am one says hey guys love everything
you do was running if you've ever played
best yawn or transistor they came out a
few years ago and at least personally
were they more enjoyable where the most
enjoyable time I've had gaming I've
heard good things about both transistors
specifically I've heard I've heard
pretty good things about but I'm not
familiar with either at all so
transistors slightly turn-based I want
to say yeah commits ian in the chat
since i have not played fury but I had
played blood-borne how would you
describe the difficulty compared to
blood-borne hard to say because I
honestly I haven't I haven't really gone
back and played that much more fury like
you know blood-borne was really fucking
hard at first then you get a handle on
it yeah
and I had to be fair I haven't played
fury to the point where I got a handle
on it it's a very different game though
fury is only boss battles yeah and
they're not like giant blood-borne
bosses either so I mean kind of a
different beast
you know like with blood-borne once you
get a hang of it defeating all of the
piddly guys it's really fun and really
says yes and you know like at first that
giant troll is just a son of a bitch and
then you you understand how to parry the
troll and you just you farm them you
know I can't say though whether or not
once you get to know the fury bosses if
they become enjoyable or just easier I
don't know I don't know
I agree oh hold on guys wait there's
some books over here
I want to unlock some books sorry uh
would you guys recommend inside I don't
want to watch the stream to avoid
spoilers avoid spoilers I it's not the
favorite my favorite game I've ever
played but I it's worth playing and
don't spoil it
what's what's the price on it right now
I'm not sure I mean I definitely
recommend it and it actually is so much
so that I I went on our prereqs team
page and recommended it yeah it's it's
an experience
like game-wise I'm not sure it's like
it's acceptable the greatest but you
know it's it's definitely an experience
so yeah okay everybody ready everybody
ready everybody ready let's do this yeah
and stay away from all spoilers stay
away from all spoilers
so is this the last one oh yeah I mean
then we've been doing so well oh yeah no
it's not that way no that's not that way
we're doing we're doing we're doing
pretty good here we're doing I think we
found our flow we found how to work
together I got some may be something
going on later I got up oh thanks I
gotta call someone after the stream okay
okay yeah no you let me you let me know
that yeah yeah no I think the end of
this run will be fine
oh fuck Magnus with his gun I want to
know how you got that gun it probably
just got really lucky right or you know
something you don't maybe a secret thing
Oh is there a secret thing for the gun
do you have a gun
look at this thing rich we're gonna have
monster that's a beautiful monster okay
I am a little into this game in a way
that I don't think I would be if I was
playing alone
fearful sludge point I can ask Jack if
he's playing competitive mode and
overwatch but I won't and I can't answer
a question Richard doesn't ask me that's
on Jack
I'm not I'm not I uh you know I'm a
pretty casual player as is and that is
ugly yeah that beautiful shit Chet I
would not see the new Ghostbusters again
but I'll probably get roped into it if
Karen really wants to see it
oh my guys don't hit me don't hit me
Magnus you got this there you go thank
you oh that was a close one
um no I'm not doing any other
competitive stuff I and I took a break
from playing it for a while because just
some other you know I was playing other
games I just got into a couple really
fun matches and I just I enjoyed the the
wood ecology I enjoyed just the normal
fun
hold on adventures truck I feel like I
want to use that I don't I still don't
necessarily know what it is so also this
what is it
I don't know I'm gonna use it how about
that okay
I used it I don't know what it did
Magnus is cheesin his way through this
whole thing and I'm kind of okay with
that I think I messed up your cheese
Magnus I missed a few cheese's I made
the monsters come to us and I'm actually
really sorry about that cuz I was really
okay with your cheese Oh jack Oh Jack
Jack would you play overwatch with your
viewers of course I would of course I
would the only issues I I've been
playing on the Xbox one oh shit I gotcha
Magnus I got you
hunchback Jack I know you're full of
shit goddamnit have either of you seen
the new Ghostbusters sorry if you
already covered but I joined utterly and
completely full of shit
absolutely you choose that one but then
we're gonna take down this other guy Oh
oh shit
this guy got mad
there yeah
Hey
it's just fat it's just faster to take
an oh fuck
sorry I should've let you choose him
mama says Jack even though it's still
months away yes I am already hyped for
Fargo season 3 don't know don't know if
you've looked into it yet but no it's
known to be in 2010 and have you and
McGregor playing two roles as twin
brothers I mean great everything they
did with the UH with the other show is
great the other seasons yeah I mean the
more they get to make the better right
right I've never seen any of them so are
you having
you know what you should good stuff
Fargo good stuff
wait wait sorry
oh shit now I started crafting sorry
guys Lloyd beats yours can
congratulating me on my upcoming
nuptials
um nope tools just general term next
year Oh what what am I getting married
sometime that's I'm leaving that up to
Karen I'm basically I'm leaving it up to
Karen and someone who was married let me
tell you it's fucking awesome okay it's
it's taken me ages to get to get her
butt into gear come on
taking me ages and I'm sure we'll be
talking about it as I move her up here
thank you coming Able's three five two
one so I've been having a shit time
recently and your stream slash videos
always cheer me up so I wanted to leave
a small tip thanks for the hours of
entertainment keep it up thank you very
much I appreciate it appreciate it we do
okay never wealthy always rich says rich
can you please do a Dead Rising 3 so low
stream sometime I really love your Dead
Rising 1 in 2 streams and would be
interested in your opinion on the new
game even if you hate it well 3 is not
that the new one anymore because they're
working on the fourth one right that and
I'm going to string more Dead Rising I'd
probably want to do a complete one of
Dead Rising 2
oh this is the guy with the gun this is
the guy with the gun fuck yeah yeah I
don't know how to use the gun ugly Bob
says I watch space cop and rich I really
loved you in it you seem to have put a
lot of effort into getting jacked for
the climax scenes also amazing stunts is
that how you hurt your back I hurt my
back just by being old it's an age thing
I didn't I didn't have an accident hey
well it's not one particular thing yeah
yeah this thing is very hard aim Oh
Magnus get you shit together yeah I
never had a good Dead Rising 2 no death
run I'd like that but I might fight if I
ever do an odd guy know at some point
I'm going to you another no death run
attempts it's probably gonna be Ninja
Gaiden Sigma what the fuck was that
I feel invisible
what
what
oh god I puked probably from being
invisible
possible news of a PC port of Dead
Rising 1 when it passes 10 years from
release that would be nice I would love
to have that on PC I can finally toss
out 360
is Ninja Gaiden Sigma as good as black a
lot of people say that black is better
Ninja Gaiden black I just happened to
enjoy Ninja Gaiden Sigma I don't think
it's significantly worse than black and
to be honest it looks a hell of a lot
better if you want to get superficial
nice nice fucking nice everyone I told
rich like two hours ago that Dead Rising
1 is coming to ps4 I'd rather it came to
PC look I'm probably gonna have a PC
running longer then I'm gonna have a ps4
hooked up the only the only the only
reason I need a ps4 right now is
blood-borne to be perfectly honest huh
it's about a lousy console generation if
you want good console exclusive shit
been terrible
well Jordan from the on become full yes
I know
oh yeah I can't do it fucking I'd shared
it
I beat you to it you monster I be if I
fucking beat you to it he says what
about I'm sure loner Archon says did
Jack and his wife watched x-men
apocalypse yet nope there you go
no we really hated Days of Future past
we really hated it and apparently we're
in the minority there so no like and my
wife is one of the biggest x-men fans
that I know and if she hated Days of
Future past there's no hope for any one
mega wha i blood-borne is not on PC I'm
saying I'm saying if blood-borne were on
PC that'd be the only I would have no
reason to keep around my ps4 right the
only reason I needed ps4 right now is
cuz that's what that's what blood-borne
is on
is it better for us financially if you
watch old streams on Twitch or YouTube
but I don't know if it really matters
what you want you're under no obligation
that's true we're not we're not trying
to milk you for as much money as we can
though we appreciate what you give us
that is also true
yeah but I mean just ad revenue wise
we'd probably make a bigger cut from
YouTube stuff but I would but you should
watch it through chat through twitch
just because then you can see the chat
look up wait what if you watch our stuff
through twitch then you get to watch the
chat and that's kind of funny do you see
the chat on the highlights well that's a
good question because then you can only
see like the recent old stuff with the
chat right that's actually a really good
question right I don't know who knows
who knows the answer to that and guess
not because I think the intended use of
the highlights is to make sure no room
videos yeah but it might still have the
chat information
Thanks
nice nice teamwork everybody nice
teamwork let's see what else is in here
what
laughs Magnus you and that gun gonna
cause some problems there is a chat
reply in the highlights okay okay
and personally that's how I would want
to watch it cuz you know the chats part
of the fun so so yeah
yeah I know I'd agree with that I'd
agree with that so that's where you
should watch it we have a very good chat
I think we do have a very good job I'm
only saying that because you're
listening
I'm gonna put this out there I'm not
complaining
these guns though just Opie shit and you
know they've been very rare but
yes these guns though there's there's
Justin especially for like piddly
enemies like we've been taking care of
just lock on and
like I said not complaining because it's
been great but gameplay-wise nice you
ever watched another streamer on Twitch
Jax or anybody you watch any watch I
watched stir and German lot they stir
does overwatch
he used to be a tf2 gameplay maker and
now he does overwatch a lot of times
like I won't watch a particular streamer
but I'll watch a stream yeah like I
follow we're gonna Matt Lee's who's just
a general youtuber he does a lot of
board game stuff he's part of the shut
up sit down show yeah which is a board
game show he just did a stream a charity
stream where he went through all of Dark
Souls 3 with no armor he called it he
called it pants man ok ok you know it's
just a fun stream just people talking
and going through Dark Souls 3 with no
armor that was a fun stream and so like
you know I watch a lot of spelunky
streams shit what is that what is that
what is that that's the ceiling falling
in okay how about this way nope Magnus
wants to go that way okay my streams on
Saturday but I've been watching
carlsagan42 he does like the crazily
insanely hard Mario maker levels oh he
sees an entertaining streamer that's
nice
yes it's like specific things good
considering the difficulty of the shit
he does I'm shocked he can carry on a
conversation which is which is the most
amazing thing to be as iostream that I
can barely talk and play at the same
time that's tough man it's tough to be
like the kind of multitasking involved
in just moving your character and and
holding a conversation is it's fucking
beyond me
yes carlsagan42 was on summer games done
quick it's been on more than one yes
Carl Sagan is dead it's not that Carl
Sagan obviously the name is a homage
Magnus chill the enemies are just
starting to dodge our fire now which
actually makes me happy
that we can't cheese so easily magnets
just come up here and lock on to him his
lock onto these fuckers hey hey did I
approve of the V remake
I haven't seemed to be remake cuz it
sounded dumb I didn't give it a chance
cuz I was reading like a review of the
series and at some point someone
mentioned an extended kung fu sequence
and I'm like what the fuck what
hey yeah what sounded like there was
some kind of crazy action singing or
something rich I started dating a lady
who recently told me she only watched
the original Ghostbusters once and fell
asleep halfway through is that a
deal-breaker no no you can love somebody
and have different interests that's true
okay that's true you need to have enough
in common you know where there's shit to
talk about but then you know enough
differences where where you're not just
getting in each other's way
I don't well I know enough difference so
I keep up conversation you know yeah
yeah
he's alright
great hey guys we're doing great Magnus
Sara Chen I feel like we're making real
progress here
he was nonsense with right-leaning
messages you have to be talking about
the new one because the old one was
totally anti-fascist
oh shit not working oh he's following me
he's followed me
fuck oh fuck Magnus it's up to you
jeezum jeezum I think you did it I think
you did okay you got a razor s God
resurrect this quick that's not a subtle
comment about conservatism here's oh
here's how it works the extreme end of
right wing you get fascism the extreme
end of left wing you get communism both
lead to some pretty bad things oh I get
it I get it I'm a dummy rich tell me
tell me tell me
do you know that about me ya big dummy
why are you asking just reiterating that
I'm the dummy all right let's rock and
roll
and furnaces I know people like to mail
our alum beer but how do you feel about
receiving homebrew
it's not bad I promise and I'll make
custom labels for them Jack how do you
feel about receiving homebrew in the
mail we we have gotten some homebrew
before I you know I think everyone tried
a little bit of it I tried a little bit
more than I think everyone else but uh
you know hey send send away send away
there's no guarantee that we will drink
it but you do you man
Jeff washes just wanted to thank you for
the hours of entertainment here and at
rlm I can give you no higher praise than
to tell you I have blacked out laughing
at your videos also I may not be super
healthy I think I've come close to
blacking out laughing yeah I'm pretty
sure I almost did during the Resident
Evil viewing
I need to meet do I have any meat 1940s
Germany was socialistic the same way
that North Korea is a Democratic
Republic but I'm Bob but I'm Bob Oh
Magnus has a green sword now that looks
neat not a lot of treasure chests I've
noticed that
beyond infinite says hey finally a
Sunday I'm not working or busy rich my
name is nate beyond in Faneuil 2001 is a
favorite film of mine check yeah you
have to make a review episode tomorrow
what film with whom oh shit sorry guys I
have an idea for a review episode I have
not flown it by a while ago before
actually before they were doing review
Jay was talking to me and and asked me a
very strange question which is you know
hey do you remember any movies from like
a while ago like not something anything
terribly obscure but something that you
remember enjoying like I think he was
asking me about a review movie but I I
just didn't fucking see reach and I'm so
sorry I'm so sorry hold up fuck spider I
will I will come and save you I'm so
sorry I hit you with my axe I was trying
to help Magnus
Magnus is still in trouble and now I'm
good
congratulations I feel like I'm doing
great I feel like I'm helping I feel
like I'm nothing but helping do I like
2001 me personally um when I tried to
watch 2001 a Space Odyssey I was too
damn young I need to watch it as an
adult to see what I think but I watched
it when it was way too young and I
thought it was dull but I was a kid so
yeah and I've seen it more recently and
actually I it's still visually amazing
you know I think there are there are
problems with it that I didn't notice
story wise and character wise and but
visually it's it's a it's a masterpiece
I got a little I got a little pissed off
about certain aspects of it when are you
watching it as an adult sorry Jenna
what's got you they're going back what
she almost got you look what happened
look what happened in the end yeah it's
Karma
that's Karma damn it she was not looking
out for you at all we were you were
clearly there first clearly she's follow
suit but I do I have an idea for a
review that I will I'm gonna that I'm
going to run by the guys I don't I don't
want to mention anything just because
you know like I think it's better if
it's uh if that kind of stuff is is a
surprise
well I got an idea
ah sorry Jen sorry
oh shit
should talk to Jay you know what I'd
like to do a review of road warrior road
road warrior nice I mean you should yes
cuz I don't I don't think fury road
replaces it I think they do different
things
oh fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
I forgot what button did what I press
the X button to attack I can't believe
I'm such a dummy oh my god I pray I pray
why would I press the X button the X
button has never attacked oh rich I'm
the dumbest I cannot tell you why I did
that
why did I to go yeah no I mean there's a
there's a ton of great older movies that
not a lot of people are talking about
but people should be and do I feel the
years but overall good or bad for movies
and TV well from movies the ER is
largely better utter disaster I think
yeah yeah TV shows ash vs. Evil Dead
came out so huge win
I can't wait for season fucking to was
that what started last year was that
still going into January ash vs. Evil
Dead I'm just gonna say yes because I
mentioned it already
okay don't remember I just don't
remember
I've seen adventure brothers I hadn't
been thrilled with the new season it the
the season six I believe is what just
came out for the Venture Brothers I it's
just been on so long and it comes out so
rarely I forget what actual season we're
on I think it's six but it all felt like
one exceedingly long exceedingly average
episode haven't loved it
almost fell off
thank 14 says hey Jack and rich hi I
just wanted you got you guys to know
that you seem like genuinely good people
and that your content has helped me deal
with my chronic depression and many
occasions keep up the good work thank
you wow it's glad to hear we've helped
someone out I managed to feel like I'm
giving people depression you know
sometimes it's hard to tell you heard
that Ghost Busters conversation
I don't I just don't
is the man with no name the most badass
character ever I don't know about ever
but he's up there that place what in the
good the bad the ugly you know for a
fistful of dollars other great they're
great
I'm sure there
I'm sure the dollars trilogy is great
seed Andy Chuck says not at the moment
Jack I want you to have more opinions
about Dark Souls 3 god damnit I'm
finding ds3 has much better
replayability I eat no health firming
excuse me which straight stop me from
replaying blood-borne that was a minor
issue of blood-borne you know like there
was just there was times where you
needed you needed to farm Ripley is a
good character I'm not saying I'm not
saying the man no name is a better
character but he is more badass than
Ripley
badass is an attitude he says he says
little and when he does things he does
amazing things like dread and dread you
know what
Dark Souls 3 kind of summed up our
feelings as we were streaming it when
remember when I asked for a bonfire and
a bonfire was there mm-hmm that's kind
of it you know like Chad Duke Nukem is
not a badass he's just a fucking joke
and he's a fucking ripoff of every other
character that had good one-liners
couldn't even come up with his own
fucking one-liners
I nominated Jason for biggest badass
care that scrolled up I'm assuming
you're talking about Jason Voorhees and
you might have a point I don't know if a
monster good hey guys why not that could
be a badass yeah yeah yeah let's give up
on this we don't need this I did not
want to eat that gosh darn it oh now my
stand-up timer is going off by the way
now the standard timer is going off all
right yeah let's keep moving let's keep
I think ash might be too silly to be a
badass yeah he's a reactionary he's not
necessarily a badass
this is comic books but the saint of
killers that's badass
Judge Dredd is a badass Dredd is a
badass 100% oh there are jumpy moves I
did not know that
meet
neat
saint of killers might be the most
badass character ever
he killed the fucking devil just for
looking at him funny and this is true
this is very true he died and went to
hell and his heart was so cold that hell
froze over yeah yeah
Oh poison sorry okay
poison sorry I'm okay poison sorry
real talk
when I think of badasses and movies I
think of Linda Linda Hamilton and her
angry pull-ups in t2
I will now accept your ridicule no
ridicule Linda Hamilton is a fuckin
badass in t 200 100% badass the baddest
of asses in fact she's a bigger badass
than the Arabs portion eager because
he's just a robot following programming
right he's the real deal motherfucker
fuck fuck fuck
that was dumb of me but she's also
insane aunty - you're being insane does
not preclude you from being a badass
that is is I think are usually insane to
some some degree they kind of have to be
the kind that's that's yeah I'm fine
with that
Indiana Jones is the ultimate badass not
at all not at all Indiana Jones is
extremely likable extremely fun you can
root for Indiana Jones but he's not a
badass James Bond is a badass sure sure
what fuck fuck he had him he had a
bigger attack he had a bigger attack
than I was expecting
Indiana Jones gets bested in small ways
too often to be a badass right he
doesn't have the gun oh shit that's not
a badass thing to happen no you don't
reach for your gun and it's not there
you know like I love Chris Pratt and all
the stuff he does he will never be a bad
no no he will never be a badass and
that's okay he doesn't have to be thank
you sir jet woof no Linda Hamilton's a
bigger badass than Indiana Jones I think
that's why he's badass he is likable and
can get rough and kill people with a gun
being likable as part of what precludes
badassness yes badasses are a little bit
scary badasses aren't friendly they're a
little bit mentally unstable did we just
have this conversation everyone is a
little bit afraid of the badass yes
everyone The Punisher from daredevil
season 2 yes John McClane no to label
too likeable he's borderline okay Morgan
borderline pet the bride is a badass yes
the bride is a badass is a motherfucking
badass oh shit
red it's getting oh another monkey
monkey boss come on give us
Snake Plissken is totally a badass yep
nice nice job nice job everybody
capital capital work Oh we'll read
things what does red things mean bad
things mean bad guys are coming Oh
Magnus what are you doing
nice okay I need some help
no yes Marvin s'en city is a badass
there we go
Samuel Jackson and just about everything
he's been in has been a badass yep
so you don't don't mistake being badass
for just being formidable Jones is good
of what it does a little bit silly yeah
Oh badass is as much like an attitude as
being good at what you do like you know
spider-man yes
active crime fighter you beat the shit
out of people not badass right right if
by the way that's excellent test yeah
excellent example Superman not a badass
Batman badass yet Superman can kick
Batman's ass the attitudes part of it
absolutely
oh shit shit look at this thing shit sir
Cerie chin what are you doing
so a badass has to be willing to do bad
things without giving a shit kinda yeah
badass doesn't just mean tough yeah
right right yeah there's an attitude
Thanks
a badass can be good or evil absolutely
fuckin actually I'm okay with that
Magnus you now I have more I have more
help than I did before I got very dark
in here
shit shit run away I think we should
think about calling the some time
relatively soon okay I know you're doing
really good I don't want to be a
complete jerk you just tell me man what
time I got it's 1040 1040 yeah all right
we'll see I mean well a couple more
minutes here but and I just died that's
two times I died in a row so heads up
Magnus and Sarah Chen we will be calling
it maybe five more minutes five more
minutes let's get a little reckless
people just see what we can do what
villain is a badass Deathstroke that
strokes a bit of a badass
like villains a badass well you already
talked about how the Punishers baddest I
know he's not a villain yeah he's
villain esque
come on guys we're pushing through push
it through time limit time limit see if
we can get to the end of this level we
spend too much time we spend too much
time fucking around with those fire guns
which were awesome shit oh what's his
name I guess not Justin Total Recall but
every movie he's ever been in Michael
Ironside Sabinas and he's played both
heroes and villains yes yes that's true
alright pushing through welcome to the
party what was his name
Richter when his arm gets torn off by
the elevator know what a recall I can't
think of his name god damn it
but that's a villain who was a badass
Clint from Jaws yeah yeah it was Richter
alright I was right good that's right
this way to glory come on guys we got to
finish the level I want to finish the
level I want to end it on our terms
Clara's Boddicker yep
Legolas the goals
well the heroes competent quiet
confidence those are badass qualities
all right you know he didn't quite have
the menacing on but you don't have to be
menacing to be badass I would I would
say I would call the goals a badass all
right I guess yeah I'll give it to ya
I'll give it to the girls sorry Jen
sorry Jen oh shit oh fuck I'm gonna die
now resurrecting your ass sorry
dammit dammit shit that was my mistake
that was absolutely my mistake
no don't don't don't fall into my
mistake shit get out of here
get out of here no the Borger not badass
the Borg are like robots
that's a street shark also fuck this
might be it
this might be it Magnus's our only hope
say the Undertaker in suburban commando
I'd say the Undertaker in general yeah
it's kind of missionary yeah
Worf gets beat up too much to be a
badass they did war for disservice by
having him get his ass kicked all the
time worst purpose was to show how tough
the bad guy of the week was when he
easily took out Wharf which cumulatively
had the effect of weakening weakening
Worf did it kinda just turn Worf into a
sad sack cards always telling him no
when he wants to blow up the enemy ships
and then the monster throws him across
the room the end of fact not a badass
not at all work was defeated by cargo
yes yes he was a thing fell on him and
broke his back in one episodes and
because he's a Klingon and he was
paralyzed he wanted to kill himself rich
realistically I think his son Alex was
supposed to do it or what was Alexander
yeah you wouldn't he wanted Riker to do
it but Riker refused him according to
the actual Klingon tradition has to be
your son wanted you know what an
Alexander do you know realistically
stabbed his father Alexander is more
nerd than Klingon
sisqó badass yeah Cisco is a badass from
deep space 9
Cisco's a badass all right we're doing a
case we're doing it
push through Power Board Sal evolve
nice nice Garak no he's an interesting
damn find villain but his methods are
rely upon like political manipulation
for him to be a badass yeah he sounds
like a pussy
okay wait am i confusing Garak with Oh
God
it's parallel offices I've watched my
ds9 Derek was the tailor right who was
actually secretly oh I'm getting my I'm
getting my deep space nine characters
confused
Caldecott is who I'm thinking about I
thought you're talking about gold a cop
I thought you're calling gold ikata
badass Garrett might be a badass
I might go along with that I thought
yeah I totally got a fuse with gold a
cop yeah
I see you Sara Jen I'll see ya
sorry she's still after me
fuck Oh
Magnus your only hope now well I think
of Deep Space nine it's good it's
definitely better than Voyager you can
easily make the argument though that
it's anti Trek
if messages are all like the opposite
done oh my head yeah TNG in classic Trek
it's all about you know hope humanity's
gonna do good for itself when we're
gonna we're gonna spread peace and our
message of peace is going to conquer all
we've we've gotten rid of our
superstition and science has saved our
species and Deep Space nine everything's
horrible war is inedible nobody can get
along our efforts at peace have failed
and only the gods can save us
that's Deep Space nine only the gods can
save us not true the wormhole gods yeah
oh shit it's up to me now
you can make that argument for the
movies too you can but then again I'm
not a big fan of the movies so gonna
make him run over the spikes nice nice
spikes
Yeah right on with the spikes
fuck
come on sorry I got one of them my cheap
ass weapon this is it
once we beat these guys I'm pretty sure
we're at the end of the level uh Cthulhu
was beyond badass and he is just a force
of nature
yeah you can't call a force of nature
badass
nice Cerie china rescue me
Thank You Cerie chen my savior yet again
okay
magnet should be up on his way up I see
him coming alright here it is
I've been to Star Trek conventions with
Mike I've been to one once with Mike
that was specifically a Star Trek
convention and that's just a you know
whatever nerd thing convention sure
Harry Kim was one of the guests Wow I
can't remember his real damn name but
the tragedy of Harry Kim is that in real
life the actor actually has charisma oh
yeah that is a tragedy yeah yeah so he's
really interesting to listen to how did
the writers not do anything with this
Garrett Wang okay yeah where we had what
tips
crocodile brain says having spent the
last three hours sweating my balls off
trying to assemble furniture let me just
say thank you for being so entertaining
as always love the Mega Man episode keep
up the good work thank you thank you
very much glad you enjoyed the knot Mega
Man episode and Jack is very busy so I'm
not going to address any questions to
him right now
filmmaker freak says you know what I'm
just gonna be quiet Oh
mega says live never mind I thought they
were both down I thought was just you
I'm keep reading that filmmaker freak
says hello my name is rich and I believe
the new girl ghostbusters are the real
badasses and the best busters of ghosts
there's a free country sir and you are
allowed to believe whatever you wish no
matter how stupid and wrong it is
okay yeah we're doing it fucking doing
it all right where we going where we
going where we going this way I'm not
fighting you how renegade Kira I I so
want to respond and elaborate on that
because you're totally right but
spoilers Wednesday is it it's even worse
than you say it is come back Wednesday I
know no I know we just want to finish
this level this looks like this looks
like end territory
like fuck we gotta go we gotta go
to the game break oh no there goes Sarah
Jane you can do it defeat the gorilla
defeat the gorilla oh we made it so far
we made it so so far look at that look
at all ah some what we did we did so
well
Sarah Chen Magnus good job good job
that was a death oh fuck that was a good
run that was a that was a good run
everybody so sorry rich oh not a super
big deal
good
good job guys the end by the way thank
you for joining me because I can't
imagine I would have made it half half
that distance half I mean across what
did I make it one level myself oh yeah
alright please do a subscriber think
this is us thanking everyone who
subscribed to us during our stream like
Mario Mario 42 who has subscribed to us
for 25 fucking months in a row
and it wants us to bring back our beer
emoticon mister shy smile everyone knows
mr. shy smile 21 fucking months in a row
god damn it and he says oh my god also
slashed from ducktales 21 fucking months
in a row you you people are amazing
three style Panda uncool eight man the
three of you subscribed together also 21
fucking months in a row I'm cruel a man
says without spoiling the movie could
rich tell us whether there are any there
is any ghost busting in the ghost but
new Ghostbusters movie rich do they bust
any ghosts great it's a spoiler it's a
spoiler territory what all right there
you go we're gonna talk about anyone say
no was it the Dax 18 months in a row
thank you for the entertainment during
dark times you are the highlight of my
day well thank you for watching today ex
we appreciate that Stu 91 14 months in a
row just this guy you know 19 months in
a row next stop fucking pterosaur hey
you're almost there base camo 22 months
in a row 22 fucking months in a row in
fact yeah and they say
urban fairman
it's urban Romans nine-month anniversary
it says every German dr. gunther von -
hey Kerr says I don't know hmm scroll it
over scroll it over what a snob casual
horse casual horse says you hacks got me
hooked on FTL X come and X come - thanks
you're welcome
don't hey don't thank us thanks thank
the makers of those fine fine games
fleshy patch 22 fucking months in a row
you have been recruited by you have been
recruited by the star league to defend
the frontier against xur and the ko-dan
armada i get a reference Jack do you get
reference probably not because of her
mild age difference probably just enough
yeah The Last Starfighter
I've seen it I had I need to be watch it
yeah I remember being good though so
first like it's the first movie this is
like interesting trivia to actually try
and pass off CGI as a real thing like
Tron I think had CGI first but it was
done there it's in a computer it's not
the real world I think I think last
starfighter was first one to try and
they have CGI as something in the real
world and for it's time for it's time it
looks pretty damn good yeah
sabore e HK 18 months in a row Watts
spine at three one five glad to be here
berserk heart Chernobyl kinsmen fifteen
months in a row nasty flat top ramens 17
months in a row when is the ghostbusters
half in the bag coming out I'm sure as
soon
as we're done editing it's probably
tomorrow you're gonna get it you're
gonna get it half hot off the fucking
press I'll tell you that
hums the frosh humza frosh I remember
how to pronounce that huggsy frosh says
yeehaw taco so in tuesday's crocodile
brain for 21 fucking months in a row
crocodile brain says yeah where is the
Danish chicks and cream soda probably
probably worse where's where are the
Danish chicks in the Dane when words
ding what is what what country is that
Denmark Denmark the Danish Demark okay
why aren't they the Denmark ish because
that's being dumb
the so confused that's so needlessly
confusing Jack sorry
you're we're how do you get dick from
Richard I don't know you ask politely
goodbye everyone
I wasn't that the last one I'm sorry I'm
I don't think I have I think people have
been just too polite to say that take
another one to me because my name is
Richard thanks for 18 months in a row
worth every penny mr. Berger 69 this is
a weird one 3 style Panda and then under
that 3 style Panda three months in a row
and four months in a row same name what
are to the other it's got to be some got
a weird glitch right very strange
yeah very strange haps 78 space Jack
2084 if prereq was food i would not be
hungry but i am think you think about
everybody
to think about that skeleton bill says
thank you HEC fro or thank you frauds
and aahs Mike 18 months in a row love it
guys but kill the overlay please it's
too clumsy and drops me out of the
viewing experience sorry
well how much longer you wanna go before
we all get together and have a
conversation and uh a vote you just
don't want to do a gradient change right
oh I do I keep forgetting you for the
next dream you get us the most final
perfect version of the overlay
okay so here's here's I'll do next dream
final version perfect version of the
grading then on Sunday we will have our
final vote okay we will have a final
vote for the gradient therefore the
overlay 11-11 overlay referendum yeah
and just like the UK if we disagree with
the outcome we'll just ignore it all
this solve a because because oh god they
actually voted to leave that was really
dumb we didn't think that would happen
um um oh my god maybe maybe yeah
