Apr 10, 2016
Enter the Gungeon
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/70977812
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/70982751
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NaF1pEuWdUA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PIQoC6kveiI
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/719244391571828736

[Part I]
is the game setup are they gonna see the
game yeah I gotta turn on I wanted to
see that one of the intro to show Jack
that was very happen are they gonna see
the intro well they should
okay I don't know there's no
particularly good reason they shouldn't
okay I don't know what's happening or if
it's happening if it's happening at all
I don't know it's happening right no
they are seeing it that's great oh good
old evolve er yeah they got their
fingers in a lot of pies still think
they know how to make an old school
pixel gamey thingy I've been making them
are they just doing some kind of
distribution I don't know I think they
just doing distribution out of distant
planets a grim fortress stood
until a deadly force part in the heavens
and descended upon the key
they brought to ruin the ashes of that
place hold an artifact of impossible
power Oh though though brought to ruin I
fucked that up you did fuck off
a gun that can kill the past over time
the fortress was rebuilt and some who
hear the legend would risk everything
for another shot yes I'm that person I
guess - haven't played yet to claim
their prize and make what was done
undone oh they must and the gun John all
right rich you said you messed with some
of the options oh yeah got roles
hold on
yeah I guess she's Xbox yeah I recognize
that where's the finding you know
bindings is there a default narrator but
while you play with in vaults and you'll
see what you think of defaults
okay I think they do some weird things
we can always you know change you again
not a deal
okay okay great the marine the pilot the
convict the hunter you know we'll start
off with the rain hold on actually just
looks like it's turtle devices hope you
are both well new commentary hey can you
at least check to see if I can buy it on
Amazon Instant or am I gonna have to buy
this John oh please don't make me
purchase or watch pixels will be pixels
marine its first availability you talk
I'm suing you're talking about enough of
the movie I'm not not sure up top my
head oh I'm here let's go go you let's
get you to the tutorial head up that
pathway to the left I figured out what
role is already know that one not that
one go down down down down go up by that
that the convict blonde girl I see you
found the role already and you can
definitely fall off things we look at
that animation that's really good
actually generating
I think I didn't usually most things we
do a commentary on we make sure it's
available somewhere yes heed my words
and I shall show you how to survive this
hacker said labyrinth continue I'm
ordering this try flipping these tables
are kicking the barrows with the a
button yeah oh yeah flip tables are
covered oh okay look you can push him
eat those barrels explode
I would assume yeah great Oh do you have
more to say or no okay let's try talking
to him nice roaming skills you'll need
that later this is the most important
lesson you can dart all by pressing left
bumper and a direction you are
invulnerable to gunfire during the first
half of the dowser all but vulnerable
again when you hit the ground this means
you can dodge through bullets another
hazard it's a request prize timing okay
great I say
boom-boom-boom easy peasy getting out of
here okay bye you just want to get right
to it
well I learned the control don't blame
you an impasse use your doctor oh right
this door is open but you've got one
last picked across time it well what oh
I already bet you're pretty already past
okay the doubt roll is the first and
best way to avoid a gunfight sometimes
though the number of bullets can be
overwhelming oh Jesus there's no dodging
through that but there is a way to clear
the path these are called planks enemy
projectiles in the room okay by kicking
lipstick and right stick in the same
time cool excellent blanks refill every
flow also use them when you need to
there can also be found throughout the
gun but I wouldn't rely on that oh I get
a good yay okay shooter baby's first gun
Oh try shooting it me loud with you but
first I need something to shoot one of
the gun Jen's natural inhabitants cruel
savage bloodthirsty it's a blocking
bullet No get him
Oh bumper bumper to shoot yes we can
change it yeah but we're not weird
why would the right bumper be the
trigger what is what is the trigger
special items really yeah that's okay
that's gross we're changing that right
trigger go down to use item and make
that the bumper see still have a use
item okay and then I also changed a
blank just because I found I was
accidentally shooting it off just when I
was moving around oh sure but I think
yeah all right great confirm how weird
Oh
okay so it auto reloads some guns
actually most guns seem to just go Auto
- does that one yeah I don't gonna just
hold it down yeah okay Allen there are
limited bullets Oh Jung was probably
more than enough for the tutorial but
I'm just letting you know
oh you have to press the trigger to
reload okay
Oh ex reloads to happen okay mixie in
1:20 says BBS spoilers some BBS from
when Batman threw down the spear got
angry could tell Affleck tried to save
shit scene and immediately in the next
scene
he is just Superman's friend equal movie
broke bacon Jacob since rich I didn't
know you were a musician and secretly
toured as mr. blinken and he's got an
image like I can see right through your
Sherrod jafer are try to be a little
more discreet I am tone-deaf turning
that down a little bit okay great great
you know yeah the so the reason that
Batman and Superman are friends spoiler
alert
obviously you know like nobody cares
good
did you hear by the way before we get
into that that the boss you know the the
Jenny McCarthy movie or the Melissa
McCarthy movie the boss sure have you
heard of this no she plays like a Martha
Stewart type billionaire who like gets
tax evasion that has to go straight or
whatever that already be like and its
opening weekend be Batman vs Superman
really like I'm Melissa McCarthy Shalaka
comedy has already be Batman vs.
Superman is opening weekend but any any
case oh they became best friends because
because Batman saw the humanity and
Superman is what we're supposed to
believe yeah because they both have a
mother named Martha that's it it is oh
it's absolutely broke I say if Batman
were struggling with the idea of
murdering somebody that would have done
mm-hmm and it would have been less
because they have mothers and and more
because
he's like the person that shot his
parents know if he's trying to kill
Superman now would have been neat but
they didn't do that at all in any way
shape or form a way that wasn't paying
attention
none of us says do you think that
Captain America represents the Hobbesian
hobbies hold easy and I'm not even sure
that were is I've never heard that word
either how busy an idea of the state of
nature in his rejection of the social
contract superhuman Registration and
civil war post scriptum make rich say
trapping so I was just a lot of
deliberate nonsense yeah yes the answer
is yes
that grenaded Jeff I noticed that
if you
so wait am i playing an hour yeah
oh great you never look for a different
gun yeah I wasn't sure if I was in the
game already well this is still tutorial
but uh okay
this part plays like the game okay great
don't forget about that dodge roll oh I
didn't see that J is not here today J is
a sometime Street jaysus J's is
sometimes food also hold down Y just so
you know this you can swish time doesn't
pause but does it slow down when you
have wine okay cool great that is really
good to know
Anonymous's can I get a spoken word
rendition of the peepee poo-poo song
uh no no no you cannot you're saying no
I don't know the lyrics oh okay
hey P people fools all I know okay
that's all that's all you need to know a
peepee poo-poo yeah a peepee poo-poo
yeah peepee all right something yeah
that's all what else do you need to know
you got it there like any other
sometimes like treasures in the room
I've never found treasure that way okay
I'm not saying there isn't good is that
I have never seen it great
well speak with me when you're all ready
for your final challenge you should have
said not yet oh yeah yeah oh well I am
ready so he says oh it's him
look ceasefire you've bested me I the
great manual so long I have ruled these
halls on this be undone by the likes of
your the reign of Sir Manuel master of
the gungeon
ends unceremoniously yep peace boom okay
cool
I know all the basics actually I think
I'm gonna switch to Dodger also this
burger okay just because it's it's you
know why you have to you have to move
your hands to get it up here why would
you make it you know these are these are
sometimes controls not all the time
controls buttons bumpers the bumpers are
sometimes buttons is left trigger even
anything ma'am oh the man which is
important to use that teleport it's
really handy the teleport okay I the map
will be the bumper and dodge roll will
be trigger and great previous gun next
the gun and quick resume alright so
where do I go just to play the normal
dungeon dead center of the center center
let's fucking do it
fuck it look at that roll animation
that's really fun okay great
okay if you say not know to man well
yeah he says what do you do just roll
around and then if you roll around
forbidden he says well I walked right
into that one oh that's like those other
doors yeah you see some of them
important up
that's just like crypt of the
necrodancer or you can rescue um you
have keys you can rescue people in the
dungeon and then they have like special
shops on top oh okay even use the
equivalent of their diamonds to buy
items that go into the game oh it's
unlock stuff and stuff I don't have
enough to unlock anything right now I
might you could say they had anything
new in there that's cheap it's it's time
quarter I only have one like nine unit
it's a little like binding of issac chat
still sold out of the other things yeah
yeah yeah okay cool it's a little like
binding of issac obviously it's a
top-down twin-stick shooter so you know
already it's like binding of issac it
controls a little bit differently and I
don't know if items stack like the big
thing about binding of issac that makes
it so special is that the randomly
generated items stack making your your
your shots crazy well there's more than
just regular guns there's other items
too that the passive things okay laser
sights and whatnot okay I'm assuming
there's things like faster bullets yeah
so there's probably some of that already
just right out the game dodge eye and
you know what I defaulted to um to
bumper dodge yeah you're used to that
I'm hiding behind here dick oh haha haha
gotcha dick great but you know I can
tell already much like Binding of Isaac
you know you clear a room and then you
get a breather
which is nice yeah I really like that
it's clicking on stuff
yes clicking on stuff don't mind me I
like I like getting a breather swords I
can't have a sword all right okay I only
have one gun don't forget about my
blanks don't forget to Todd roll and
infinite bullets with this gun so you
can reload whatever right oh yeah I
should do that
oh I thought I hit roll dick its first
time first dungeon doing fine doing
great I feel great jail except for that
except for that walk right into that
just literally fuck literally walk right
into it
fuck fuck fuck much like binding of
issac you know like looks like we have
procedurally generated levels map
different map layouts which is fun oh
another one of these guys
teabag for glory same teabag for glory
that name do you guys have more or less
hope for the oh you guys have more or
less hope for the director's cut of BBS
given that exec Snyder we're talking
about and will you watch it but I doubt
that our rated footage has like the
missing characterization you need to fix
my movie it's not gonna give Lex Luthor
motivation and it's it's probably not
gonna have Superman do anything besides
murder more people so no I don't know
not really excited about it no unless
for some reason all of the character
motivation happened during full nude sex
scenes and that's why the head they had
to remove those to get the pg-13 rating
there's there's no guarantee that that
missing footage is going to be what you
would need to kind of fix the movie
right
what the measure thinks it will totally
fix everything wrong with the narrative
I I highly doubt that then why then why
why take that stuff out because people
will see it anyway and if your movies
half an hour shorter you'll have more
showings I don't know no I know nothing
nothing in the art there's nothing
that's rated R that was taken out of the
movie that would fix the movie tour
guide Nixon says have you guys played
our heard of a game called Lisa it's a
kind of neo earthbound RPG a little bit
like undertale sub side scrolling and
darkman tone strikes me as something
you'd enjoy we've heard of least heard
of it I know nothing about it though and
the second you said like like it's like
a JRPG I honestly lost like all of my
interests I think we've we've we looked
up Lisa and if it has your classic JRPG
battles I I think it takes a piss a
little bit I believe we looked into that
for one of like the first four hours
over whatnot and yeah I just decided it
might be boring greatly increases
accuracy is what loosen up those I like
that by the way the book that you just
go right to and shows what you got so by
the way like binding of issac you kind
of have to guess what everything does
and they're really they're really vague
about like the upgrades and whatnot
here's like greatly increases accuracy
boom all right this is an item I know I
like hold facing enemies memories oh I
don't know that means oh okay it says
speeds reload time oh great that's
that's something you get just with the
marine okay cool mr. host looses hey
guys happy to see you playing this game
are either view or mic and JE going to
watch hardcore Henry oh that's a good
question
what is hardcore Henry that's the first
person oh no it sounds like a terrible
idea
I want to see it I'm curious I rarely go
to the food right the honest truth is so
I'm just curious I like I just want to
know if it like if it'll work
like like most things with me maybe I'll
see it as like a Netflix or a rental or
something under whoa whoa what the fuck
who did this bro up there yeah I noticed
that we got all sorts of shit gun back
there was a gun fairy I think that was a
Navi
yeah we got gun ghosts gun na vi's these
are great I feel like there should be a
secret here you know because it's got
like the two pillars over here too like
a hidden door no okay I don't know you
like that that's Isaac and me the Isaac
and me is like there's a hidden room in
here there's a secret room somewhere if
only I had extra bombs okay this one guy
I don't trust that good look at a
first-person shooter and say that's a
great way to tell us story you need a
gimmick rich you need a gimmick gotta
get the butts in the seats
where's this secret room
fYI yeah the default weapons can't
reveal fake walls
oh so there are fake walls
apparently okay I just need I need some
better guns suck it
I love that the enemies are walking
bullets yeah I think that's adorable
this lock door I want to go through that
on the other side Oh boom lobbies hey
blobbies okay I see they're leaving a
goo trail I like that I dig that I dig
that I'm on it I'm on it like a fuckin
fuckin fuckin fuckin fuckin goo blobbies
will be a fast mouth bags now get out of
it I'm not sure if the red goo has any
kind of negative effects I know I know
there's a green goon uh-huh and that's
poisonous maybe the red goo does
something like just slow you down maybe
I'll all I know is if it leaves a goo
trail you don't touch it that's rule
number one
right look his mouth maybe just
breathing hard okay I can't do this
anymore
these guns are really heavy this is
space marine armor is just too thick
he's getting winded no well evil books
even books I love it get out of here goo
monster I will never be comfortable with
the idea of a holding down a gun that is
not a an automatic you know like you can
hold down the trigger and you just boom
boom boom boom boom but I I want to
individually shoot a gun like this
that's just me you know if you want I
and I have been is I guess what I'm
saying Nana says rich you and Mike
becomes friend because one of you
overheard the other talking about the
Star Trek TNG and can we get a rich
Evans is right t-shirt in the rlm store
I became friends with money because we
had an art class
together in high school and we just sat
near each other talk our class didn't
care if you talk I just got the
socialize and draw for the most part
flare kind of interesting so their shops
yep ooh aqui yep do I need a key
I don't know you have none I can I
cannot afford both could get a flare gun
that could be fun
good be there don't you don't tell I
haven't used the floor okay I don't know
I honestly don't know in that case I'm
gonna you know what I'm gonna I mean I
won't get a new gun trip oh sorry
because a new gun is always is always
best right there is a limited animal
okay oh yeah I see that yeah turtle the
wise says hardcore Henry doesn't work
there is even a giant DEATH BATTLE cage
that was reminiscent of the shakey giant
death in your one best of the worst
shows this movie should be a youtube red
release and that's probably how it
started off life could have gotten you
actually it wouldn't need to
that would've been Evan about a bad deal
oh well the door one for the best
speaking of YouTube release do you
remember last stream we were joking
about real-life super hot yeah the very
next morning rocket jump the people that
constantly make real-life video game
stuff released a real-life superhot
video how did it work well everything a
lot of things they do are good so I
assume it's good I didn't watch it
because I just don't have time for that
stuff anymore I don't have time to watch
anything anymore but it was just it
struck me as really funny as like ha we
were just talking about someone making
this last night and they released it I
just want to see what this gun does oh
oh one shot one kill motherfucker looks
like it has burning damage nice burning
damage is nice
I don't like the wait what is it what
are triggers do again triggers their
item and map yeah right your item right
now I believe calls down ammo you can
double-check okay here's what I'm gonna
do here's what I'm gonna do rich ammo
yarmulke ah here's how I want to do
things you you tell me how you want to
do things and then you do them because
you're playing the game um left trigger
interact reload right right
all that is good okay use the item we
are going to switch we're gonna switch
some things around yeah yeah good so the
gun menu we don't I don't care but
here's what I want to do is what I want
to do where is it oh here to the next
gun and previous gun I want those to be
the bumpers think up so I can quick
switch guns okay so next gun is gonna be
right bumper and previous gun is gonna
be left bumper and but then I want to
switch what what brings up my map and
and uses my item so what right now
what's B what does B do I want that to
be my item use B is nothing great B was
an alternate for dodge roll I think okay
okay so where is use I here use item
will be the B button and then the map
where's the map
did I miss it a canopy popper off take
this bee popper off we don't need it we
don't need it right now
comical it's ridiculous a little comical
yeah oh that's so much better I was like
dillhole straight I was like doing this
oh yeah yeah okay and the news map is
gonna be why okay okay can you changes
yes oh yeah see look now you get the
quick gun switch that that's right next
to the triggers that's exactly how I
have my Team Fortress 2 controller
bindings so I'm saying just use the
steam controller and the back triggers
we we don't know if we can use the steam
controller here's the deal I bought this
off of gog.com ah which means I'm not
leasing this I actually owned the game
uh-huh and I don't need anyone's
permission when I want to run the game
oh I do need a key
ice and someone did is thank you by the
way someone did gift me this game on
Steam so I guess we can always load up
your log in to you yeah if we want it to
dual-control
yeah I'm not I'm not sure how well the
steam controller will work we'll play
with the non-steam version I don't
remember how well that worked last time
right here reviewing it I haven't
touched the steam controller since we
talked about it okay let's take a look
at the map here I want to see if I can
get a little more money and buy a key
because there's a there is a thing
fuck fuck get those birds I'm trade
burn motherfucker burn motherfucker boom
are there any music genres else is a
teabag for glory teabags for glory
are there any music genres or artist
that you enjoy that might surprise us if
not what have you guys been listening to
lately
mom what would surprise you I like the
doors like Nirvana heavy metals cool
that by the way that the first time you
said like the doors was your favorite
band that surprised me you for a doors
fan I need to look up his name an album
that I've been really enjoying lately
and I actually been listening to while
editing is Rodrigo y Gabriela and it's
two Spanish acoustic guitar players it's
like classic guitar so it's just two of
them gonna ping ping ping ping E and
yeah they do the whole like slap on the
guitar thing Rodrigo y Gabriela and it's
beautiful it's a beautiful album see to
sell two cellos two cellos they do
thunderstruck there's a video that I'm
doing thunderstruck with cellos nice
what is what is the what is the horrible
vortex meeting wrench I think it just
takes you back to where you were you
before you warped okay cool oh good oh
is that who's a Kannada how is Rodrigo y
Gabriela a hipster thing to like I'd
like you shut the heck up but I think
it's amazing and it's a great album and
it's it's a nice instrumental album to
listen to while editing which is very
important the off switch says deleted
important r-rated scene Bruce and Alfred
are in the sauna with hookers Superman
is nothing like us he needs to be
stopped
feel free what if he's just like us what
if he has a family
that's exactly that's exactly the kind
of shit that it needs this guy is not
taking burn damage fuck by the way on
the the vs. screen knock oh don't forget
about your blanks oh that's right thank
you I absolutely did oh you're so dead
yeah I noticed that about me oh snap did
you see that that was a bullshit that
was you got blasted in the face me that
was it's great it's great it's a great
game
oh yeah I mean this is this is literally
exactly my jam anted Ganju that's my jam
now yeah enter the gungeon trying to the
old gunslinger
okay
so one one day before the Dark Souls 3
release I am too fucking crowded with
games right now as it right I still want
to play more stardew valley no because I
like stardew valley uh-huh and then I
was kind of when we had our stream of it
I was kind of lukewarm about hyper light
drifter yeah but I've been playing it
more on my own I'm actually starting to
like it a lot
ok and then no I'm just started playing
into the budget there's already three
games I want to play I'm like a deer
caught in the headlights as it is right
how about how about you add a little
dark souls to that it's just too much
I'm not playing anything now because I
don't know what I should play none of
all these things I am awful I'm noticing
that fuck whoa fuck got him got him
cookie says love you guys can't wait see
your dark souls 3 stream thanks cranky
joy that's the thing we won't stream it
I'm just saying as far as like shit that
we're playing no I'm swamped yeah yeah
well who did
how can I give him stuff I don't know
yeah there's a lot there's a lot out
there there's a lot to play a lot
there's always there's always too much
to play which is it's just a great
problem to have fun and now I put down
steam earlier uh-huh I'm gonna say
that's one of the benefits of students
it's really easy to find things on sale
yeah
then again I got this for the exact same
price on GOG right so the Capitals
partner says rich you may want to play
alone but the real joy is gaming and
gaming is playing with your friends and
family be blessed my little soldier that
wasn't a donation I just wanted yeah he
blessed my little soldier I have heard
there was local co-op in this I thought
Jack should have some alone time cuz I
bought this like a day or two ago and
I've been playing a little bit here and
there
and Jack has not played it at all first
time seeing the game you know Jack get
into it first yeah let me play first the
question of the day is will the steam
controller work with a GOG version of
the game oh I think it will unfinished
guns still still warm all right probably
sets things on fire my guess is the warm
part I would assume you interesting
Anonymous's hardcore Henry is based on a
Russian music video titled bad
motherfucker created by the same man
I've seen that I've seen that music
video the movie is like a mixture of
crank and Mirror's Edge and accomplishes
a lot despite the low budget
rich ever considered trying out
different types of hats I I bought a
fedora like hat once yeah I don't think
it was technically afore I had a smaller
brim you had a trilby sure and I I
brought her home and then I looked at
myself in the mirror and I'm like wait a
minute this I look like an asshole yep
that's what everyone should say when
they were Toby
I think this does more damage but it
doesn't have the range I think that's
the unfinished part of this gun
never never warned again sitting in my
class isn't covered in dust right now
bat back Oh BA me bat grenade that that
nade the baton aid don't forget about
your cover don't forget about your cover
don't hate and don't don't fuck around
with those grenades or the ninjas well
this is a this is a nasty one is that
gonna have any neat effect no III think
it does more damage up close but I I
can't I can't really see anything it
does you know different than the other
guns but it is fine yeah that's fine gun
this bigger clip than my gun so I'll
take ad Oh Oh with this jerk wildlife
I'm glad that in some way we could be
there for you
jerkwad you jerk you jerk wad live ion I
have a new active item Oh briefly stops
time you can send me a cap I won't
guarantee I'll wear it on best of the
worst and it's done don't know what the
Hat is uh-huh oh yeah I like that I I
now have a thing that stops time which I
will gladly take just so you know that
that us that dropped your item that
drops em over love's right okay see no I
did notice that but thank you for the
heads up there's a shop
no way there was a secret in one of
their places - what last time at work
kept somebody sent me it was filled with
comments about how I look like a gangsta
is that flat brim one yep I remember
yeah look at this there's definitely a
secret behind here that's you just need
to that's a there's a that really a
secret then you just gotta find a way
around
wow it's locked on that side okay maybe
you can blow it up but I'm not sure I
could get a cure I could get some armor
armor versus key I don't see a treasure
chest armor only last one hit the key
you can bring to you the next floor and
you're bound to run into some kind of
treasure trust treasure chest
sooner or later yeah I'd go with key
okay
reload boom Oh speak Oh oh shit oh shit
it's gonna blow up and I don't have the
key I should have bought that key it's
gonna blow up now do I have to get out
of the room no just get away from oh you
didn't buy the key I didn't buy the key
oh I thought I would explore a little
bit first and then go buy the key they
didn't see I haven't seen a chest with
it like a timer that's different what
else we got here ammo don't need ammo
armor all right I'm gonna get this
alright so they won't know how does
Gunjan rate versus Isaac and nuclear
throne now that you've had twenty
minutes a game nuclear throne is
definitely a little more intense which I
like about this actually like I really
like clearing a room and then taking
your time like I'll just walk around for
a little bit now right nuclear throne as
soon as you're done with a level a
portal opens up and sucks you to the
next level so there's barely any
breathing room okay so this is a better
experience than nuclear throne and the
nuclear throne is a little more intense
if that means anything
Oh an empty room that's weird
this wizard is that something that
should be something don't know
could just be randomly generated
weirdness yeah I think that's what it is
trying to break open all these pots see
if there's anything inside is there any
is there ever anything inside this I
have never seen it myself okay
don't mind me as far as Isaac is
concerned they're a little bit different
so far um like Isaac is in the risk of
rain boat where your items stacked to
make ridiculous combinations so far I
haven't noticed stackable items here it
plays like Isaac which I like
where my god any more rooms with bigger
maps so yeah I so far my opinions are
favorable okay so far this is exactly my
kind of game let's see if I can beat a
boss this time good luck jack good luck
we got this we got this I got my time
stopper I got my I got to remember my
dodge roll and my blanks awesome a bird
with a Gatling gun yes get lingo that's
great oh shit
I think there's decent damage yeah right
up there be careful with you wait a mo
Oh watch out watch out yeah I see I see
I'm with you
how about you shoot yourself with one of
those huh I like that
all right we're yeah yeah yeah I see you
come on do you come on oh my god yellow
guys know I'm on I'm on him
I got I got his number rich I'm almost
out of ammo I see that shit
do it jack you can do it
if we heard that Jake Lloyd has been
diagnosed with schizophrenia I have not
but I'm one to say I'm surprised either
and for that we're at in sedating ed
with the law he had an incident with the
law yeah he's got a mug shot
well let's see how my Bell work works
pretty awesome no I hate middle of your
salad so something rich hates games and
general
oh yeah that's because I hate middle of
your solid that's true oh yeah that's
very true just because I hate Metal Gear
Solid yep I hate all games I heard that
about you or you can fuck right off take
your take your overrated piece of shit
with you oh fuck yeah well give me that
shit what is that shit I want it
I mean I'm liking you know
welcome to the gungeon yeah yeah that's
not a real game and you and you you were
just saying how you're you're starting
to get into hyper light drifter - and
how you really like started Valley but
it's too bad you yeah you haven't had
time to play it but you hate games all
games sniper rifle scope creep
I'm can't wait this gun is still the
process of being forged it barely
functions in its current state but could
be a viable choice it's a truly
desperate Oh actually apparently uh this
is a really bad gun the master 20,000 I
don't hate artsy fartsy storytelling I
hate the fact that Kojima doesn't know
how to tell a Metal Gear story eh these
silly and then he's serious and it flops
back and forth I don't like that No More
Heroes suda51 game it's consistent with
its silly tone so what happens when I
leave after the boss I mean like so now
here's the next room what happens well
why are you asking no what are you
afraid of oh well I guess basically what
I want to know is like do I leave this
level and the answer is yes okay let's
see if there's anything left to explore
there's not I did buy that key all right
great
why are you why are you asking just do
it just do it why are you asking
Oh what does the e mean in this room e
yeah Oh elevator elevator room okay
and you know really it's just a what are
you enjoy the game that's I am are you
gonna say it's just a Metal Gear thing
really
I like Jima Kojima did this Yoda the
zone of the enders games yeah I love
them
right I love the story in them I love
the games I know that about you
whoa oh that's it that's a pit that's a
pit I got a deal with pits now rich I'm
not from I'm not mentally prepared for
pits oh god I don't want this gun oh
haha
whoa sucking Rick I'm sucking pits I
wasn't I wasn't looking out for pits I
know you weren't I have that problem too
yeah I died on a boss earlier today you
you walking oh yeah that's right that's
right
pits they're the pits pits are the pits
Part C first he's good when I think
somebody actually has something to say
sure and they're not being artsy fartsy
for the sake of being artsy fartsy and
they're not saying anything yeah it's
and you know that's a really fine line
where it's just like you can say
something and try to be meat like we're
we're not we're not cynics just to be
cynical mm-hmm if someone actually has a
message that they're trying to get
across and they're in their game yeah
and they go about it in an artful way
that's not a bad thing but in what if
instead of that instead of being artful
they just go this game is about art you
know there's like like super hot right
mm-hmm they just beat you over the head
with their art and it's like that was
dumb but portal said this had the same
message and they handled it correctly
smoothly subtly I think it's super hots
case the feel the vibe I get yeah it's
it's it's more they didn't have any
other ideas for a story they just had a
bad gameplay idea and I would need
something yeah but still they still hate
you or they hate their dumb I agree that
yeah yeah so but is it hard I'm gonna
keep playing I'm gonna keep playing this
game I just know what you know that this
is the thing that's gonna happen I'm
just gonna keep playing this game I
missed one there's a couple new ones
none of us says yes you guys are swamped
with games that is fine but please use
this tip for a gift copy of no thing on
Steam should not take long to enjoy and
use Jack for best results keep being
great no no thing we'll keep it in mind
so otherwise says rich I saw blind fury
based on your recommendation it was
awesome and ridiculous
great any other excellent movie
suggestions watch blind fury again not
off the top of my head if I think of
something
some kind of weird movie that I like
yeah I'll let you know
optimist new Oh
says Jack yes per your recommendation
I'd picked up and just finished reading
the wool / silo series oh yeah I
thoroughly enjoyed it
oh good outside of a few minor nip --ax
in your opinion will it make a good
movie it'd be tough like the first one
you know wool there's three books in the
silo series and the second the second
and the third book are not as good as
the first one they they kind of like
just carry off of the momentum of the
first one and it could make a good movie
there'd be a lot of really amazing
visuals I can already picture the
trailer there's one shot in particular
as soon as that shot happens it's gonna
make a beautiful trailer but it could I
don't know what they would cut because I
love it all wool is amazing wool is an
amazing book everyone should read one
Richie would love okay I got it
Shemp I know I've mentioned sherry 3000
before but it's no blind fury sherry
3000 sherry 3000 is kind of like a
science fiction movie uh-huh about a man
who hires a tracker to take him into the
wastelands to find a replacement for a
sex robot wife after she breaks down
this sounds awesome yeah this sounds
great
Neal Breen is the best sense says it's
true was there was there any reason why
you got a ps4 inch 7x bone also I picked
up a steam controller today it works
fine I've played a few test chambers in
portal and got used to it after the
second one good congratulations
I never quite got used to it neither did
I it's not significantly better than a
real right amount of real than a regular
controller that was my problem is I'm
you know what it's I'm very happy that
you liked something no I'm happy that
you liked it yeah was there any specific
reason I think we were just looking at
the exclusives the reason we got a ps4
instead of an Xbox one we were looking
to get it for what something was coming
out is that why I think we got it for I
got it for alien isolation yeah and you
didn't have a computer that could run
because I didn't have a computer that
could run it very well and then we were
looking at exclusives that we would want
to do for the show and like Metal Gear
Solid 5 was there the bat it was on
Batman Arkham Knight another that was
exclusive blood-borne blood-borne was
annexed the order was the order was an
exclusive yeah so just looking at
exclusives we decided to go that route
and yeah have and a lot of Xbox one
games are also available on Windows you
know just so there wasn't a real reason
I I had a general bad taste in my mouth
from the Xbox one based on their their
pre-release shit with the weird that
control all your content and fuck you we
hate you you cussed me son that was
verbatim that was part of it fuck you we
hate you but the sub degree was a coin
flip and I because of blood-borne I
don't regret it at all the the only
thing recently is I hear good things
about that quantum break no which is an
xbox one exclusive fruit or I think it's
coming to Windows but it's much like
Arkham Knight
it's Django's what's that about I don't
know there's something about its from
the makers of Alan Wake but you can also
like slow down time or some I'd I don't
know okay
I actually know very little about it
besides I have a note in my brain that
people like it okay go gun ghosts manga
lore says any plans for a Western or
musical special edition no Lloyd beat
says Jack rich have either of you seen
the show video game high school oh the
show video game high school made by
rocket Jones pretty corny and I'm
definitely too old to be watching it but
it's growing on me one of the creators
is Freddie Wong of rocketjump okay I've
never even heard of it so okay yeah yeah
he they after you know making YouTube
regular video game thing to YouTube
videos they started making a regular
show it's on Netflix now I think called
video game high school I watched one
episode and yeah realized I was too old
for it or it just wasn't for me
you know just one of those I probably
would have been really into it when I
was in high school but in the chance
sinnerman is sing quantum break more
like computer broke that is what I hear
is the much like Arkham Knight the the
PC version is very busted
cinnamon melted rock what is that no
fucking idea what that is it's just a
fucking rock or a pitchfork I don't have
the money for that they're nothing money
for either I don't have the money I need
some money what's back here
oh this little goofy guy oh you can give
stuff to him did you bring something no
what does he want
you can drop items and so I assume if
you like drop something in there you
have a random shot of getting something
okay
so like last time I got that gun that
was uh that was half melted apparently
it was a bad gun Oh what do you used to
drop things no no it's a button hey guys
it's time to stand up let's uh let's
stand up real quick just hold on I'm
just gonna stand up and stretch and
we'll be back be sure one
right great
okay by standing up what if my ass
groove goes away and I I apologize if
standing up diminishes your ass groove
in any fashion
there's something up with these rooms
I'm gonna have to figure this out this
is another fireplace room but then with
the same wizard
there's something up with these rooms
here's the thing about standing up but
I'm not ready to commit just yeah that's
fine you don't have to so here's another
room like this rich with a fireplace and
like the wizard painting and again like
the other room there's there's no
enemies in here
it was empty there's definitely
something up with that room I have a few
times I've run across like an altar in a
room you go up and yell too you can
click on it it says there's nothing on
the altar so I'm sitting there sitting
you can do with that - sure I don't know
you could drop items maybe you can drop
an item onto it oh oh oh we are made
like throw an item into the into the
fireplace
maybe yeah yeah let me try that I don't
have a knight in the throne Oh see a
sucka nice use of Clips oh but you know
probably if I toss them into the cliff I
don't get there I don't get their
goodies maybe but I was just thinking
about staying alive
use the melted stone on it damn it the
fireplace maybe oh sure
where'd you go gun ghost boo m--
caesarean part says yet another game
recommendation for you I'm will see
sunless sea
it's about captaining a ship on an
underground ocean it has some things in
common with FTL ok but a slower paced
and a little more story-driven they let
into it I got I got eight thousand games
on my plate right now how about eight
thousand and one I can tell ya I got a
good wait what was it called that
actually sounds interest sunless sea
sunless sea I will add that to the list
we'll put it on the list I'm doing it
right now but I can tell you I'm blocked
up with stardew valley enter the gungeon
and hyper light drifter right now I'm
just completely gawked up Dark Souls 3
is coming out tomorrow and I'm just like
thank you I can't do it no time for Dark
Souls 3 that looks like a shotgun fuck
yeah it is a regular shotgun oh I don't
care I'll take any shotgun
who wants some two shots dead
boom regular shotgun Oh boom
fuckin love a good shotgun Dave cool
bond hearing chat says you guys move not
real games from the list there'd be
about 10 like this isn't a real I know
you know that right right if you have
fun playing a game fuck it man if this
isn't a real game is better than a real
cave boof it Oh
shotgun it's not a real game unless it's
Metal Gear look right those are the only
real games
does it have did it come out on me on
the Xbox does have a 3d graphic Jack
real games real games don't have pixels
real games are first person through this
it's not a real game unless they're
voxels even if you don't need voxels huh
oh oh I can go buy a key Boston
technicolor says yeah I just discovered
the CollegeHumor bad man shorts oh yes
those are amazing starring Pete Holmes
yes Holmes is great at doing a Christian
Bale Batman thought most of them were
pretty funny have you guys seen them I
didn't know they were called bad man I
saw one I'm assuming is what you're
talking about with the Riddler yes that
was pretty good yeah yeah oh there's a
whole series of they're great so that
was the asset of one worries like trying
to find the voice right yeah was that
the same that's the same one there's one
with Patton Oswald as the penguin that's
really great
I didn't know there were more I'll have
to look him up yeah you need to like a
follow him there I saw the Batman voice
one ages ago
oh you don't you didn't save up for the
rock this is it I think okay I mean I
only have the boss left it I see they
say so I would have loved to save up for
the rock but there's ah there's a
treasure chest here you know and I saw
the one we're just finding the voice
like like years ago you know however
long ago that came out then yesterday I
think I saw the Riddler water I don't
know there was a series oh yeah you
gotta find them all they're they're
pretty great they're pretty great really
read the one I saw I thought I really
loved this cape that Cape that Cape
looks great that was your thought that
was my thought it's great in addition to
it being funny oh this is good trigger a
blank whenever a table is flipped oh
that's a nice pass oh that's a great
pass oh no all right let's go do a boss
Anonymous's just gonna list a couple of
games that I personally enjoy curious if
you play them and what do you think go
Max Payne 3 and blade it and played any
of the max pains really even the first
one I get say why mister of bullet time
I love the look on his face okay
no I I yeah I know I just have a nut I
have avoided it it just never played it
spec ops the line on my list never never
played it the Metro series never played
it and Wolfenstein the new order I
intend to play that yeah heaven but I
intend to start a valley and then landed
in this in the map
oh just you can dodge those ma'am that's
totally dodgeball listen I'm just you
got you gotta learn to walk between the
bullets Jack like that let's how you do
it
Oh like I've heard thee that the
artsy-fartsy Ness of spec up the lines
is the thing to be held is the goodness
it's all the goodness it's really just
artsy fartsy news for its own sake
yeah with no real point that I hate yeah
but but you didn't like fire watch I
didn't like fire lunch that was active
person I didn't like the game aspects I
like the I love the characters in the
dialogue I could love the things of that
game that you would call Artie yeah but
I actually kind of liked yeah okay I
didn't like the the non gameness of it
you mean game of the Year fire laughs
you didn't like no I didn't like the
game portion of the game Firewatch you
didn't like there was no game portion
like the game for the game game of the
year car wash is that what you're saying
yes it's not saying
Anonymous's I'm just gonna list a couple
of games that I first witness oh did we
get through that whole list uh yeah okay
fisted buy dope smoke says I recommend
that you play whatever the fuck you want
please also consider voicing your
opinions in YouTube videos lol fuck my
car I need to put things down yeah
you've gotten a clap oh ammo belts
shield of the maiden I kind of want to
know what that is yeah very slimy guy
I'm sure at this point people are just
fucking with us because we said we're
swamp of games get it I get the joke
boom
cinnamon you're standing out to me today
cinnamon and the chat says the game of
the year version of fire watch now
includes the dlc more walking it's true
it's true 20% more walking
we made the paths longer
if your basically if you're being
arty-farty see you can suck your own art
dick I hate it visually picturing an art
dick I'm an artist and this is what I'm
saying if aren't I great for saying this
look at these colors
what does that mean to you why do you
think there's a mule there why do you
think there's a mule there that's what
I'm saying I'm asking you what you how
you interpret the mule that's standing
in the middle of the room hey what's
this why can't I touch it yes yes Tobin
the gnome I don't hate art I hate
pretense yes yes and yes what is this I
can't stand pretense they want you to
use the tongue again well I'm saving
those for the enemy I'm saving up for
the N bus like these guys I can handle
with just my little PA still here and
you know if mo is as scarce and we know
it ammo is scarce I want to save all 350
47 bullets for the for the N boss which
I've been having some trouble with art
for the sake of art for the sake of
sucking your own dick specifically what
I'm saying art for ego oh that's better
there you go no one likes art for you go
Zack Snyder Zack Snyder
oh they hide behind Shih Tzu Oh yep yeah
so distracted because he was hiding
behind it I can get a few more dollars I
can get a shield a Maiden's shield
Gref Macmillan Teresa's rich I know you
have in her games to play
here's to 801 I know you'll love it a
JRPG realtime strategy online shooter in
all grays and browns it's called why
rich Evans hates us all but it feels
like some time think you'll really like
this one rich the sarcastic come it just
feels like my actual life Oh what
happened there anonymous says Oh
Jonathan blow me rich
Neal breezes hey rich and Jack I donated
$60 would you stream the awesome party
platform game ultimate chicken horse
that is on our list is it yes I actually
want to just check the list the proper
response was if you donated $60 yes but
now you fuck that up
well it's not or less it's on our list
we don't have it I hope oh here's what
I'll say sir we do not own ultimate
horse let's do the let's do the
financial math how much does the game
cost however much it costs donate that
much Oh Jack on the one it's not how you
run a business you okay rich Evans is
gonna take care of this you know rich
I'm gonna shut up you go ahead
ready hey if I donate $60 where you play
also my chicken hearts oh you know what
how would it take a look at ultimate
chicken fours first one I take yours
first
something I don't care I like chickens
Jack chickens oh they're part of the
things I hate okay great I'll say maybe
Caesarion fart says what do you guys
think is the realest game you've ever
played the fakest game the unrealistic
aim is it unrealistic please agree with
my taste or else I will be sad
lol , fuck my cock
casual horses guys just caught up with
the last few streams in the name of the
Breen get someone asked rich to stop
pulling his pilot out of the cockpit
during battle in FTL so many innocent
people have died rich why do you pull
your pilot out of the cockpit so often I
think I did during the I don't you
that's something I usually do really I
do it if if there's a like a fire in the
cockpit sure or or if I'm being boarded
yeah I might bring everybody to the
healing room but I think when I was
using the the mantis Cruiser or whatever
it's called the Mantis ship
I was doing it a lot because the pilot
was a mantis and I needed soldiers and
Manta and his people are good soldier
okay
sure sure usually I don't think it's
something I do all that often
plus I'm I need to drop item hold up
okay so let's see what this works so I
got this shield
and I'm gonna try to drop my ammo okay
great
I got the maid in shield let's see what
that is it's good if you have something
extra yeah like a gun or or an extra
item that you can drop use to block
bullets oh I got mr. blank is saying
let's be honest rich does a lot of
things wrong FTL dude I pulled up
fucking no pause run live on stream pull
F&O; pause run guys people are jerks I
wonder if that's just something you can
do like I wonder what could the cooldown
on this is I don't want to you know I
don't want to use it now should get
another key after jackknives two more
times would be a good time for co-op
yeah well I know let rich play for a
little bit to warm up and then then yeah
we'll try some co-op when you try
different character oh yeah oh yeah yeah
I just figured you know like I always
start with the standard character right
that's the time I go to get out of here
candles dumb candles alright Tommy gun
fully loaded shield ready to go let's do
this Who am I fighting rich come back to
me when you beat challenge 5 and
vanquish rich I passed I didn't know FTL
was vanquish Oh
rich also pulled off a nobody left why
run many times it's not an easy game
that's actually one of like the selling
points of the game it's a little harder
I don't quite understand what that
shield does I'll tell you what
it probably blocks every bullet that
hits it yeah but I can't move when I use
it well it's a good if you have a flood
of bullets coming your way
oh sure what's the cool down like on it
ah fuck I tried to head it I tried to
hit it I tried to hit my my blank and I
didn't did you upload that no pause run
to YouTube you don't tend to name the
vids usefully something like a no pause
run I would label a no pause room and
it's not been uploaded to YouTube yet
it's it's on our twitch page you can
look back at all past broadcasts right
this very moment on our twitch page we
upload them to YouTube just as a
convenience because some people find it
easier to watch them up in our junks on
YouTube but all of them are available
for viewing right this very second I
think the name on it this kind of fucked
up it's fucked up not named wrong it was
uh I was sitting in the stream real
quick and I'm very nice having wireless
keyboard issues so Asperger area the
convict I'll try the convict
what does she have she's got she's got
some awesome guns no let's do this let's
do this rich yeah the the twitch videos
on demand like the past brodcast do
expire but we also have the highlights
which are just the one-hour chunks those
never expire and you can watch all of
them right now or on youtube or you know
we try to make it easy okay got a
sawed-off shotgun a budget revolver and
that's it
oh and okay okay okay so we got some
guns we have and even even than the the
FTL no pauses that it hasn't passed the
expiration phase yet what no that's
still Richards on top that's still in
past broadcasts yeah which is on top of
all
that's something to get used to a little
you know this one has six bullets
all right handsome man purple space
bazooka says hey guys my birthday can I
please have blanket are done Wilson or
Lucas wish me a happy birthday also pay
whatever the hell you I'll play whatever
the hell you guys want
thanks for the streams lol fuck my cock
Oh have birthday at large a playable
hopefuls race Mizzou dong oh where we're
neighbors it's a goofy name I'm John
wagga muffin ragamuffin Kentucky's
largest beet farmer that's where the
real money the farms not large I'm large
I gained like I came like 400 pounds but
sweat all that pizza
so you're the world's largest beet
farmer that's oh that's great rich
Larry's anonymous says here's some money
crocodile brain thank you beets are
normal size AB leaves are perfectly
normal
I'm just a large man I saw those beats
by dre we're pretty popular so I'll get
into it I didn't even get large eating
beets it's pretty healthy all said and
done sorry my own beats all lose weight
I'll make my beet diet program call it
beat the weight oh nice nice done
Capital idea capital lose weight and
avoid scar V the Dan wagon whipping away
and I'm wearing a muffin Wayne
wait do beats ward off scurvy I don't I
think it's and vegetables the vitamins
something jerk I don't know beats heaven
but I'm just I'm just saying it's done
Wilson I gotta gotta go somewhere oh
okay nope fair enough fair enough
absolutely I'm with you
yes fruit you don't yeah I know when I
kind of knew after I said it like I said
you're going off this what happens when
you go off the cuff that's Don Wilson
Don Wilson doesn't care about facts
maybe Don Wilson doesn't understand the
facts of scurvy have you ever thought
about that you know what I've never
thought about that before I will be
honest with you it has never occurred to
me that Don Wilson might not be up on
his scurvy
they kill everybody yay yay I'm
designing and I love Star Wars pixel
figure for you any ideas for another
Jack what the guy who made the pixel
losses oh yeah what's an IDF front of
you he's doing something with me and
Star Wars I love Star Wars I'm gonna do
me jerking off a droid which I don't
appreciate it all quite frankly sure
what about you fuck bot you could make a
fuck about one that would be great you
can make a fuck about one yeah you could
make a Tommy the mailman one with me and
my beard I think I was bearded this time
the mailman
which would be creepy
I got a badass rifle oh my god
yeah that looks like the old Nintendo
super scope six it might be it might
you'll Breen says here's the donation
for taking a look at ultimate chicken
horse thanks guys we did it
great then we will take listen we are
much more likely to play a game if we
have that game it is very rare that like
you know this was something I was
looking at anyway enter the gungeon
hyper light drifter was something I was
interested in anyway but like if you
really want us to try something out get
it for us it's like I can't gauge an
interest level because I literally know
nothing about the game about what the
hyperchicken oh and I'm neither do i by
the way ultimate ultimate chicken averse
neither do I know nothing about that
game except for the name which is silly
oh fuck you you ran right into it I did
I was more saying that to myself oh
there's two shops this stage it's no
look at the map look at their heads
interesting Oh unless they both lead to
this probably two entrances sure shop
that would make sense
I don't know nothing I've only streams
yes I thought it might have been steams
for second I think it my old man
squinted Ivan least rinses rich plead
reeds Wow rich plead read this please
please read this read this rich yes
please read this ah the French Champagne
has always been celebrated for its
excellence there is a California
champagne by Paul Mason inspired by that
same French excellence oh yeah yeah yeah
ah the French the French you have to be
a low price oh oh the French
French Champagne has always been
celebrated for its excellence
there was a California champagne by
Palma song inspired by that same French
excellence some as close to Orson Welles
as I'm never gonna get only have one key
but the shop has another key they also
have if you knock over those things by
the way and leave some fire trail
who needs that's I haven't have you ever
gotten a grappling hook yep okay they're
selling a grappling hook I have not
gotten a lot of things I've played this
for like four hours tops
sure tops more importantly they have a
heart for sale which I think I don't
have to buy it probably closer to two or
three ringing of nimac friendship no
probably it probably turns people into
allies be my guess not actually a ring
but rather a small creature pretending
to be ring emits a strange its psychic
tone only recognizable - mimics
preventing them from attacking I didn't
even know there were mimics well there
you go whatever a mimic is it ain't
fucking with me now
oh shit oh shit it's not the same
commercial where he's arguing about how
to deliver the lines right with whoever
was making the commercial yes yeah I
know how to say it don't tell me how to
sell wine yeah I think it's a little
drunk
just in general oh I used my key okay I
got a buy I gotta buy hard gotta buy a
heart so far we have not used the steam
controller on this actually I think it's
gonna be a pain in the ass to set up as
I'm using the gog.com version of the
game that's completely DRM free and the
same price this guy so it makes it like
far superior really to the steam version
of the same game but then you don't get
you don't get the achievements you don't
get you don't get the the fuck cares
about achievements I do why they're
literally they're nothing they're
literally nothing they're completely
meaningless like him that's nice work
there Jack felt pretty good about that
oh shit oh that one he was selling peace
poor Orson Welles
I was doing good is the force nope how
about you nope
how about I'm not gonna I'm not gonna
and I didn't oh hey you played for a
little bit let me take a little break
alright you take this laptop I don't
think that that laptop like device I
will take this laptop like device of a
yep Oh someone has gifted us ultimate
chicken horse alright there you know Nia
Breen thank your nail Breen
we now have ultimate chicken horse what
does the pilot have what's he doing no I
don't really I don't really expect your
daughter okay
you were just rhetorically yeah this
paternal asking ooh
chance to pick locks Oh could only be
used once per lock all right better
nothing reduce prices at shops nice oh
okay nice
okay yeah I can give you a game
what's your steam name if you you can
send any sort of steam gift to prereq at
red letter media calm
b2b pew pew breaking bang motion
controls are different
oh sorry they are they're all different
you can change into the way you know
them
you can change them we don't have any
ps4 controllers here either we have a
steam controller here as a backup
controller and we'll just wow I want to
use my dodge oh sorry
the trigger makes much more sense at the
point I changed things though I'd
already been using that for a bit yep no
I'm with you I'm with you do you pew pew
so it when you die in this game you
perma die yes yeah it's it's one of
those rogue you like slash rogue lights
whatever we are calling them now where
you have to make it through the entire
game without dying or you start over
from the beginning
oh and it's that sweet sweet procedural
generation so every time is different
that's fine that's fine
rich Jack rich hates everything
including me and he hate you most of all
yeah the real Vance is that and
apparently he doesn't want to answer my
questions so I'll ask you have you seen
the road one trailer oh yes it's it's
fine it's fine you know what what every
trailer looks good these days because
Hollywood has perfected the art of
cutting a trailer you can take a shit
movie and make it look good we have the
trailer looks good what does that mean
right now nothing right I think we
talked about this before where it's like
the force awakens I know I really like
the force awakens and rich-rich is okay
with force awakens so we can all agree
that the Forrest awakens is fine but one
is not a trend
we cannot gauge if they will continue to
make fine or good movies based off of
one good movie the trailer does look
great I love to see in the 80 80s they
you know it's super fun yeah yeah it
looks interesting I don't give a shit if
it's like the Dark Star Wars or whatever
as long as it's a good story that's all
I care about
I just want to watch good movies in a
sci-fi setting it's fine everything is
fine wait until the movie comes out do
you expect a Darth Vader cameo I don't
fucking know probably maybe not maybe
he'll be a background character it
doesn't matter
the wait till the movie comes up
yeah I thought I actually liked that
about the 8080 so like that they weren't
you know everybody thinks of ha when you
think of 80 80s and so like just to see
them not on a snow planet it was kind of
cool and they looked good and we can
only hope that it's a good movie like
you do with any movie I hope it's good
because I like seeing good movies funny
thing about seeing a walker yeah it's
something other than hawk isn't the
advantage to a walking thing like that
attraction in the snow is her gonna I
was kind of a snow vehicle otherwise you
could shoot some kind of tank or
something right
oh and I guess I just have figured it
was the big it was the artillery you
know or artillery artillery you can put
our till around like a tank it's
supposed to like a legs yeah but all
their things had legs you know like the
80s tees and when they were on Endor
right I guess I guess other things kind
of had legs so I guess I always just
assumed it was just our killer
oh I just changed that - what
it didn't save my settings Oh the 80 in
in 88 e stands for altering alright so
and don't change it back for no reason
you fuck did you confirm it I thought I
did okay it must not have okay their
artillery they're just badass troop
transports know they have big-ass guns
on them they're both really I guess
they're both yeah they never made a big
deal and keep in mind I know nothing
about the expanded universe so it's
quite possible that there were troops
inside the belly of the 80s they never
showed that in the movie though right
troops inside the belly under the toys
had like a big open compartment and I
don't know whatever okay ah let's see
here
movie Boozer says speaking of Orson
Welles read this rosebud
yes rosebud frozen peas full of country
goodness and green penis wait that's
terrible I quit from the critic that's
from a critic oh I had B before it okay
I think I know what happened you forgot
to confirm no I had be like tell it to
use that as my blank but instead be his
back I didn't hit a first apparently 88
e stands for all-terrain attack
transport okay okay so there you go so
it's base so don't give a shit about any
of this can I can I double up on that
Ridge yeah I I don't give a shit does it
look cool in the movie and facilitate an
action sequence that's all I care about
okay great penis they're like there are
people that know all the names of all
the things in the movie like well Luke
Speer in a new hope was actually
seven Class B speeders so there's no way
he should have been able to make it back
to Tashi station
you know like bullshit like I don't know
any of that stuff there we go which is
better Superman 1 or Superman - I
haven't seen both and so long I'm not
comfortable answering that I know when I
was a kid too
but because super villains yeah so I
really need a good solid modern
rewatching then ages super you know
Superman - also had the the Superman
loses his superpowers plot when he
decides to marry Lois land and give up
his superpowers and then he has to get
him back I was never comfortable with
him getting back his super car I never
understood why he would need to lose the
superpowers to get Lois Lane right that
inherently doesn't make much sense to me
this is what I'm saying
and so like even though there were super
villains his whole losing the superpower
thing really made Superman to feel a
little weird for me always so I'm gonna
say Superman 1 and in Superman 1 you get
the you get the poetry do you remember
when Lois Lane is flying with Superman
and she reads a poem I don't about final
sherita's she literally reads a poem
it's great
because women take ass oh I get it
Thank You great geek did you know that
eighty 80s are polished with 54d
military-grade wudu hide oil before this
decent decent idea did you know that we
have a landspeeder
gonna 52 kilohertz for Vigo sorry what
are you what are you speed up the
passive versed a passive nice noise okay
here's an important question rich by
favorite does it involve blue hide it
does not involve MU do hide okay you
have to make a choice
yeah live without 80s music or live
without 80s movies and live without 80s
music yeah specific well okay now these
were like the best decade for movies now
assume that your livelihood doesn't
depend on movies no no either way so
okay old any easily I'm not a what a
super huge music guy yeah and doors were
70s and novato's were 90s so so really
I'm pretty safe you're just missing out
on a lot of hair the hair metal yeah no
one cares about that
there's some good 80s music it just some
sure I'm sure not to poopoo all eighties
music at poopoo
Oh
what a fun game this little game right
here it oh that's a fun pretty fun
I'm into it pretty into oh sorry
actually we do it we have a tip um X
comics twitch says hey guys it's my
birthday - happy birthday economics
which thanks for getting it off to a fun
start while I await Jay in the manhole
can I get a Donna Wagner muffin or
flowers shoutouts stay awesome why did
the last one I think it's time for
flowers to make a return do you know
what that means you're one day closer to
death all parts of flowers look glad
you're sharing your time with me
see dr. Sonia's I don't think we would
lose they might be giants though they
just wouldn't produce any music in the
80s and most of the albums I liked from
them come from the 90s sure they got
their start in the eighties but we
wouldn't lose them in the 90s die hard
back to the future aliens the Empire
Strikes Back Return of the Jedi
Robocop Robocop Ghostbusters goes it's
not a question yeah it's not a question
if if getting Ghostbusters means I lose
they might be giants I'm gonna have to
say that's worth it and I'm really sorry
too they might be giants or you know one
of my favorite bands but it's not it's
not the question
gremlins The Goonies the thing you guys
are right Bladerunner you're talking
about like the best movie decade yes is
the best movie decade hmm you can open
that one can't you and I'm the key slug
I think that one doesn't take these blue
or brown ones and take these right oh no
nevermind
we would lose all music from 80s movies
then whoo maybe if it only exists in the
movie you cannot remove it from the
movie interesting ilmar I were just
gonna have to disagree on that el Mar
says 70s is the best movie decade and
disagree on that start naming certain a
man shit
I'm just our name and shit right I'm
sure there's I'm sure there's good stuff
in every decade but we have a choice
between 80 or we're not choosing between
decades of movies we're choosing between
80s movies and 80s music I would take
80s movies over 70s movies whoa that's a
cool gun
alien Mad Max Star Wars yeah these are
all good one the first Mad Max the good
one is the second one which came out in
80
yes yeah this one this guy for some
reason is really hard for me some bitch
so I'm a bitch
some bitch that's the nature of these
games though just a bunch of dying I
should have done I shouldn't I should
not have died them yeah I think I I hope
better for you you've been playing
longer than me it's a little bit ooh
boldly the road a little thing called
Wrath of Khan 82 is that true yeah oh
shit dog - or maybe he that was his
defense of the eighties movies yeah oh
god we get Wrath of Khan fuck yeah
everyone loves graphic on eighties were
insane for movies insane yeah yeah yeah
yeah okay Oh
Jedi fan says great 70s movies Chinatown
Godfather 1 and 2 Star Wars the sting
the conversation Halloween alien
Apocalypse Now taxi driver exercies deer
hunter a lot of great seventies movies
sure but I'll take the 80s over there
I would I would agree with that and
again we're not deciding between 70s and
80s movies we're doing
I changed the question because I just
think that's far harder sure it's far
harder pick between the 70s movies and
eighties movies I still take the 80s
movies but you know what I'm with you
I'd still think the eighties movies it's
just such a non conversation when you're
talking about 80s movies versus 80s
music yeah if 80s movies okay so 80s and
70s movies I'm still taking any movies
absolutely Robocop over taxi driver I'm
gonna take that oh yeah I'll take that
too and you know and I like taxi drivers
no really of course exams good movie but
I'm gonna take Robocop you can have
Kramer vs Kramer I don't care switches
do oh okay yeah yeah you guys gonna have
Network and Serpico or whatever
we'll be over here my future ruins oh
okay here we go
oh no I'm taking 90s 70s versus 90s
movies and maybe this is just because my
age but I'm taking nineties movies sell
me on it I think we go in 70s 70s vs.
90s movies
I mean Jurassic Park Jessica Park Dark
City Pulp Fiction Reservoir Dogs yeah
Tarantino Yeah right
clerks which was huge for me but ya know
for me I wouldn't have a twister you got
twister right yeah
90s was the era of the bad CG movie yeah
oh no you know like all the only thing I
thought about was me personally let's
stop trying to tell a story because we
no longer have to was the 90s mantra
Fight Club 90s yes oh you know what so
many Coen Brothers movies in 90s yeah
Coen Brothers Coen Brothers win that's a
maybe
so there's there's enough good stuff
mixed in with the seasoned crap yes cuz
I think 90 is the first thing I think of
this like shit like the arrival and
species the whole know but antsy like
the like you know we get Fargo we get
the Big Lebowski we get the hudsucker
proxy we we get yeah Barton Fink you
know we get pulp fiction we get the
Fifth Element
shit yeah we get shank redemption we get
Raising Arizona literally all of the
great Coen Brothers from the nineties
would be gone so fuck anything else 90s
we get spawn you're right we so you know
that's all you need maybe you may be
bringing me around them yeah I'm this
one Barton Fink is is what is one of my
favorite movies Barton Frank is
beautiful oh is Raising Arizona 80s Oh
Raising Arizona zany stuff so that's
another great a teaspoon it's another
great 80s movie oh sorry sorry then
actually then Barton Fink is probably
80s too right
yeah we did they said a at raising
Arizona was 87 okay
so then actually yeah Barton fingers
Friday 87 - but that's okay still a lot
of good Cohen's in the 90s
basically yeah I guess part Barton Fink
was 91 boom
great thank you Royal Tenenbaums oh yeah
you get you get your Paul what's his
name Thomas Anderson Bob W Thomas or
whatever his name is
you know his movies you get out you get
Rushmore Rushmore person um I saw once a
long time ago I remember I wasn't super
huge on Oh Rushmore alien the resurgence
of the Murray I know I need to see The
Big Lebowski that was 90s right that was
late night yeah you have to see the big
one you haven't seen the big let us know
you have to see the Big Lebowski there's
water world to get water world rich in
the 90s the 90s followed the eighties
era of the great blockbuster movie with
the shit blockbuster movie you you went
from ghostbusters to Waterworld yep from
et to the arrival what decade gave us a
cocoon that's the 80 from from Nightmare
on Elm Street 2 species oh gods uh
accidentally hit the blank again really
you have a problem that that's that's
weird time you two I'm too aggressive
with the controllers okay what end of
the sticks
Trickett witness see you happen again
that one probably actually helped me out
right but accident it's very surprising
usually usually like it takes a real
concerned effort for me to press down on
a stick
let alone both sticks you got the help
you got the help yeah I need the health
later yeah
breathe okay good got one down
yeah where you hide away yeah I'm not
impressed not impressed you know what
you made it so I'm impressed
okay oh oh is that so it's like a magic
spell it's a gun not a passive hold up
oh you have two keys okay yes uh solid
row as a question force which is better
2020s vr porn or 1890s minstrel shows
nostalgic jerking off intensifies I'm
gonna go the vr porn probably the vr
porn than 20 times gonna be pretty good
they're gonna have worked out all the
kinks
I get it do you
oh yeah works out the kinks I get it
rich I think that was pretty good I mean
I'm not gonna lie I'm not gonna lie
there
I need some lotion for that hand I'll
let all that patent on your own bags
probably probably drying out your skin
you just didn't react to my to my clever
wordplay so I felt like I needed to
spell it out a little bit yes my my
intricate my intricate wordplay that was
not very funny
Oh his sunglasses like fly off huh
that's great Lloyd beats
did you guys hear Warner Brothers is
spending millions on reshoots for
Suicide Squad to make it more
lighthearted since Batman vs Superman
sucked hard for being too dark and
somber know the horrible success and
they're happy with it even though
they're completely restructuring how
they make movies now they're super happy
with it oh you're a tough whomp
even though Melissa i'm melissa mccarthy
comedy is now beating it at the box
office has been a few weeks
oh no I think its opening weekend is
beating is what they're saying no no
that manner not better for Superman
something we can no neuromotor
McCarthy's opening weekend yes oh oh I
get what you're saying sorry I was
confused yes yeah it's been out if you
want a few few weeks there one week how
long has it been out Batman vs Superman
Batman V Superman month or close to it I
think some three or fourth week okay um
am i right
maybe I'm wrong time time is but a shell
you know oh I gotta change that key I've
wasted wasting blanks left and right yes
I hate that can you pause yeah fuck it
now I'm out anyway oh you know they're
doing all this stuff to to reshape their
new movies but they're still letting
Zack Snyder be in charge of the big
franchise you know that's the that's the
thing for me where where they can they
can't it just admit a mistake don't
forget to change your setting and that's
the thing you like job like a movie with
two of the most popular fiction
characters ever created should be number
one for longer which is the big thing
and it's it still is not is not a
beating their predictions for it and
it's not performing as well as it should
be seven hundred million I don't think
it's fair to say it's an horribly either
no no it hasn't done horribly which is
the problem it hasn't done as well as
they thought it would do but it didn't
do poor enough that Zack Snyder loses
his job right but you know there are
other so it's a moot point there are
other factors nothing nothing's getting
better no nothing is getting better I
think there are other factors and you
know they I think the real problem is
they're not taking any blame for the
problems right the reason Zack Snyder
keeps working is because he is really
good at following studio notes he
listens to the studio right that's why
he keeps working and so the studio would
have to admit that their notes sucked
in order to fire him oh it tends to
freeze okay great
gun chest
see what the fire thing does oh it's a
muncher what does that put two guns in
there I have two guns but I kind of if
you put two guns in there a new one
comes out I really like one of them see
I gotta figure out what this does I bet
you can I don't want to get rid of
either of these things yet let's this
flame hand sucks sure sure sure
I was Marie all of us at one time used
that ammo drop oh yeah so you know zack
snyder's gonna keep working because he
will make the movie that the executive
board at WB wants him to make and
there's a there's a lot on fire it's us
well you know what you could light them
on fire switch weapons you know but I've
died because I switched this fire yep
yep slow rate offense low redefine
didn't do that much damage that's a
great weapon yeah
do you see movies that are more just
part of an overall strategy if they
believe in this video banking yeah but
now like now they're banking on a Harry
Potter movie with no Harry Potter in it
wait what's going on WB they're the
their next big franchise movies are a
Lego Batman movie which will probably do
pretty well and strange beasts and where
to find them which is a part of the
Harry Potter universe but it has no
Harry Potter in it you know I think it's
his dad or something Oh what want the
flippity-flop
this thing that's crazy
what's that green fuck the top of his
head man I don't know jack I don't know
great oh whoa that's great
oh I need a shopping it's locked
Oh
a shrine to Shelton mo elemental deal
with the devil the shadows grow darker
weird I didn't know what I got from that
I think you just got Mamo
oh alright but this what who dat
I don't know go see I can't Jack oh wait
I need a different key you need a
dancing key I did have a key but it's
not the right kind of key right universe
I thought I didn't have a key at all
right right okay okay Oh what's her face
from adventure time Marceline yeah yeah
it does
yes Schneider is the polar opposite to
Eden but I mean I know I know you guys
some of you guys don't like Joss Whedon
but he note he knows how to handle an
ensemble he knows how to tell a story
that man knows how to direct movies he
knows how to direct big movies with lots
of characters lots of moving pieces he
can handle his shit
all right oh shit
this fires faster than I thought it did
though oh yeah it's not that bad you can
spam pretty fast noise yes I have heard
that early early viewings of civil war
going over well are going over very well
surprise Supra great so when I like it I
get to be called a marvel fan boy right
deseeded people fighting and people said
was bad
no rikishi marvel fight good DC fight
bad solomon grundy confused

[Part II]
shit
you must be fanboy
you must be not prepared for adult
situations like neck-snapping
that's true orange strike hats as rich
we could never think of you as a Marvel
fan boy we know you hate everything a
navy gun some assembly required I just
have a gun I can kill anything and I
sharing a chat oh maybe you could find
like Peter parts yes interesting
interesting
Civil War has the same director as car
fuckers I don't know what that is
isn't it the same people though that did
that did a Winter Soldier I'm gonna tell
you are you oh yeah you're definitely
gonna die I'm gonna die
Wow look at that thing you know this
thing does and I don't like it I don't
like it at all
mo conde been trying to coop uh yeah
yeah why don't you uh Olin I'm gonna
look up Civil War was directing it yeah
Anthony Russo Anthony and Joe Russo they
did a Winter Soldier they also did you
me and Dupree you know that movie with
Owen Wilson in a dog they directed some
episodes of community carpoolers
oh and car fuckers yes they did director
short called car fuckers big picture
mode Oh God
big picture mode so if you like Winter
Soldier you will probably like Civil War
and I think most people like to Winter
Soldier I know you you didn't much care
for the first cap in America I haven't
seen wonder soldier yeah I know I should
I know I should Bob such a Marvel fan
boy the night that I don't go and see
some of the major Marvel movies I was
that's why I was so surprised knowing
how big of a fan yeah yeah yeah even
people who didn't like like it Mike and
Jay I didn't I know they didn't like the
ending of First Avenger I didn't like
like the second half 2/3 of the movie
yeah and and I think Mike and Jay like
the Winter Soldier a lot once once you
get past like the orogeny stuff and he
rescues the
then it turns into we have to fill in
Captain America's backstory before he
gets sent forward in time it just does a
bunch of shit this kind of comically
convoluted montage of action sequences
and what's the problem I don't see the
problem
and then he punches the red skull in the
faces they have to fight yep and then
and then he made a really idiotic
decision with a poor setup it ends
terrible yeah you know I I really wish
they would have set up the the death
better or you know the crash death
better in First Avenger but you know I
liked it overall what should we do here
what is this what yeah use configs for
our like why not okay
oh you know what I really want to
re-watch ant-man it's not available for
rent anywhere what the hell is this
that's it I think that's it yeah that's
it I really want to rewatch a man I've
only seen it once in the theaters but
it's not available to rent it's only
available to buy digitally and I just
don't I don't like I didn't like it
enough in the theaters to buy it but we
seem to be working here yeah
everything's streaming and you know you
just you just switch that back to you
I'll take good try see if you can do
this well you take that I'll take this
one
do we have to do something funky and
steamed to get it to recognize two
controllers oh if I have to do something
in here right controls player 1 player 2
oh wait wait wait
keyboard mouse we go up this this is
okay click go down X input controller
player 2 is over over one more there try
that okay
confirm
yeah
can you I'm still controlling your back
guy I need to I need to take a bathroom
break why are you the chat did you
figure this out okay hold on we're gonna
figure this out hold on yeah we're going
through the controller shit again the
controller is working but we can't seem
to
we can't seem to get co-op to working
hold on hold on we are working on it
that's not gonna help
okay
we're still controlling the same person
that needs to change
talk to the purple guy
we're still okay we're still we're still
talking to the same people oh I fell off
the thing
yeah now now we're having the same
problem where they're moving even though
I'm using the same controller second
player can only play as The Wizard guy
oh okay okay I get it all right hold on
goddamnit time to stand up it's time to
stand up stand it up time everybody
everybody stand up while we figure out
control or nonsense
hi okay stand up for the stream we
figured it out okay and so you just
start going and I just joined okay do
you want to gold you want to be the
Sinclairs you carry right yeah I'll be a
sec where I'm gonna get into this up
your alley
I need some kind of three sided coin I
can flip for this star do or hyper light
drifter okay I'm ready so in order to
start co-op you need to talk to the
purple lady and then when the purple
lady turns around you are in co-op mode
okay
is what's happening if you are in a way
it was so obvious right what do you do
if you are in a wheelchair well then you
know still if you see if you can stand
up do it and if you can't stand up then
don't don't be a dick well wait nope I'm
still controlling you yep take this yeah
but the same color just put it down just
put it just put it the fuck down maybe
we just need to change it hello no you
don't need to change it change the
keyboard
it's - okay well I'm turning off this
the steam controller how do I turn off
the steam controller or just fuck it
just great
he's just shit just a piece of shit all
right okay nope
but did you change the key word for
player - hold on whoa hey save it
oh right sorry okay okay
oh wait hold on wait wait you had to go
to country you had to go to keyboard
mouse yeah they go to keyboard mouse
rich I still need the mouse to aim I
think no you use you I I'm the lady well
so you use I'll use this time are you
okay yeah yeah I'll figure it out
alright alright I'll figure it out
eat look at her Lou her eyes get big
when she jumps we good
give me a give me a pill okay we got it
so in order to use the steam controller
the second player needs to be on a mouse
and keyboard now you know that makes
perfect sense I like her dog I don't
like a crossbow you don't like the
crossbow usually crossbows pretty BA I
thought she had a crossbow yeah I
haven't used her yet I saw streams where
people were using her and she had her
there there it is I tried oh we have to
agree oh oh
what does the dog do no no look if it
picks up things for you here we are
mother fucka
decidedly hard name coming you all right
all right we got this okay he'll
actually don't go through yet what
Oh so a configuration all right we want
to change this guy not to Mouse but to
enjoy stick joystick yes a camera
probably camera if you do move it's
gonna want to move you carefully yes
this is just style of input I'm pretty
yeah yeah yeah
nope
treasure and directions yeah nothing
okay
okay because it's said to use that as a
mouse and keyboard relative mouse serial
joystick move output relative mouse okay
pretty low on that sensitivity
Jebus okay
advanced settings it's been so long
since I've been here I know I'm saving
her sensitivity
let's just go way up on that my
sensitivity and
and stick response curve how that means
adaptive center adaptive centering yes
we want that because I believe that
always places it oh wait treats the
first touch position on the trackpad is
a new center of the door signal Drive I
think that's oh that's fucking stupid
this fucking steam control you guys well
oh shit
for that what you want I kind of I
wanted to make it more sensitive Jesus
I think this is what we want just needs
to be more sensitive I was willing to do
this with a mouse and keyboard we'd be
like we'd be I'm like level three of the
game by now okay are you ready let's go
okay I got this
can you shoot me huh maybe all right
okay
you got a dude down here we can't afford
it right now what do you got what do you
got lined up gunner though I end up gun
blunderbuss grab us you can't buy
anything can you probably not all right
I think that's why I'm this person I'm
just a helper like I don't even know if
I can upgrade my gun or anything
that mean
Russia whose America now I have the ug
custom control
he got
oh and i think i think if i pick up
anything it just goes to you whoo bird
hey over here over here gun over here
gun
I haven't mastered the the steam
controller yet you think it'd be much
easier oh wait one more thing before we
go into the next room
you haven't said weird huh I think you
have it set weird what what do you think
mouse but not Mouse I know what do you
think I should do I don't know what does
Chad those champing jackson do okay well
what should I do
use an actual keyboard and mouse I have
the steam controller which everyone
seems to love except for me
mouse joystick a mouse joystick is that
what you telling me try it try it
sure fuck it great let's try that
nothing it doesn't do anything it's
actually really weird it should do
something right it doesn't do anything
hey yeah
oh okay wait I think I trackball Moto's
on no no really
fuck fuck Oh trackball
ohh ohh that was definitely it listen
I'm trying I'm trying
use the SC in controller mode the what
the SC SC steam controller in one Oh
the steam controller so use the steam
controller on what can this be more
complicated I'm sure we can make it more
complicated
there you can buy sport corpse
here's what we'll do
I got this okay let's go rich what I got
this I got this
boom
can explore first of course right back
down
not liking that crossbowmen you don't
like the crossbow is it is it powerful
or like what's it's seems to kill weak
things fast but strong things it seems
terrible
what is this it's nothing it's nothing
yeah here ninja I saw you I saw you
you're a terrible ninja how about that
you like that
you're a terrible ninja you're no good
at all I see exactly where you are and
what you're doing I do love that you
just kind of break everything you want
yeah well fucking grenades key I picked
it up for you
thank you dude it's a hot rock that's a
hot rock oh oh it just automatically
attacks enemies finds items on room
clear oh that must be your dog yeah cool
ow
great hey you liking the mouse ah
terrible we can switch I'm a mouse guy
you know that yeah but you don't have a
good place to use a mouse I'm on the
couch we can't teleport you nope
oh wait wait I'm looking at your cursor
tonight we can teleport okay there we go
okay okay let's do this oh this fucker
we are here for the revenge inning
Oh
at my heart
I don't know what it does oh I'm still a
ghostie though
Jimin
I can act as a shield we're not gonna do
it I want to kill this fucker like badly
I want to kill him yeah
yeah fuck you I'm back
Oh full health even nice we're back in
business baby
wait can you pick that it let me let me
see if I can pick it up yeah Oh what
does it do I have no idea it's there my
bang it seems grayed out though like you
can't use it yeah it popped up when I
died I wonder if I wonder if that's my
death power
sad no the purple hardest nope other
than an award you get for being really
good in the US military
but I'm coming but I'm Jim
oh yeah hold on wake up
hey skips kappa i'm getting to the end
of the original XCOM for the first time
as I've been playing on classic Iron Man
any tips take it easy
the difficulty curve or the time you get
to the end the game gets a lot easier
actually don't get too complacent though
because the first time you meet a sec no
pod if you're if you're if your guards
downhill fuck you up there you go oh and
for some reason I thought I heard a
couple of My gods but well let me
restart the tipple order here didn't
seem to be configuring configuring very
well alright let's see here uh jerkwad
says you can switch seats and then rich
can have the mouse that's true and
crispy-fried man says hey rich i
recently got into creating custom doom
maps would you like to play my level
sure it takes about 18 minutes to finish
email it to us at prereq at red letter
media dot-com and we will make sure rich
gets it
hey fuck take care of one fucking guy
Oh two guys oh shit I'm in fire I'm in
fire bonfire you were in fire and then
you were on fire
hahaha I got fucking run over deed it
sucka you did suck a duck lay them right
my sighs fine that's fine we got this
slow ass I gotta think about you know
shit ninjas I think they're just bullet
ninjas they're not Church turd ninjas I
was gonna die
yes he was
look that oh I'm a ghost
whoo oh I can wait I can use my heart
let me kill this thing
right
so what's the difficulty of those based
entirely around co-op area oh oh that
was the heart yeah
oh hey there's the thing over here this
here thing yeah all right wait wait
what's this
that's what nope okay
I said enough that am i shooting darts
I'm shooting I have a nerf yes it is
kind of neat
that's hilarious
ah fucking ninjas no I died and oh no I
didn't died it Oh got me two cubes so
guys are bad guys
I hate those guys
but I'm pretty good at money yeah we got
Bank with that let's walk I'm gonna use
it okay three keys Oh shopping place how
are you Mike you could buy a key yeah I
don't need any of this shit now
I'm yes that costed a key to get in here
you fucker you wait what's this thing I
don't think it's anything that's it's no
prime primer
what's a prime primer oh I don't know
it's old magic rich what does a prime
primer do you know it's a hundred and
ten dollars it's gotta be good
bullet component the primer of one of
the first gun Dead to ever walk the
gungeon
it still trembles with the energies
released from the oh oh oh so it's like
a part of a big thing that's my guess
sure which
it's another 100 and a key
shit shit motherfucker
Oh before check come on
I'm gonna talk about it yeah
you know an apparent apparently if the
if the computer sleeps steam tip alerter
stream tip alert or goes bye-bye
interesting so we'll just restart it all
right let's see here boom hey guys says
nerdy Inc just wondering if y'all's got
my package of beer I sent a few weeks
back hoping the US Postal Service didn't
ruin the magic of saranac me oh yes you
sent all the cans of beer somebody sent
cans and somebody sent something else
we've gotten beer lately so I'm gonna
say yes if you said the cans I've
actually been enjoying them III believe
one or two exploded on packaging yeah
the US Postal Service was not kind to it
but uh but we have been enjoying them
there you know obviously little sticky I
enjoy it I enjoy
they are either they're nice beers
refreshing refreshing beers oh okay
sorry can I fast enough it's fine I'm
not fast enough rich as a
alright alright um I guess back that way
ray back that way whoa
fuck man ah was that lightning ninja yep
shit dog shit shit dog shit shit a ghost
brother hey that's great it's cute oh
this is the altar the Altair Sam do you
have anything to drop
let me just to even see what it does you
hold ah up I think
huh altars empty maybe you have to put a
what was that I'd pick it back up maybe
have to drop a gun do you only have one
gun yeah well you press drop a gun
you hold a check in the in the menu
that's it's fine hey I don't want to
give up my gun okay it's a decent gun
sure I'm sorry to get for boss that's
fine that's fine oh you know just just
you know want to see what it does is
that what giving up a shit yeah that's
my yeah giving up my shit that's my shit
man
all right that's good it doesn't go
clear it's good clear No
we wait we wait bleep ninja Electric
ninjas fuck man sure was a bad idea
fuck man a very bad idea do we do it do
it clear it no wait don't wait did I
found something over here well but it
looked like the dog was digging and what
if he just picks it up automatically
okay
so we got nothing I lost help for this
detour yep hey what is that t-shirt
cannon your weight drop a gun see if you
can give me a gun can you hey alright
you have a t-shirt cannon Jack great
sorry I have it I didn't know that
that's all right I feel like a jerk well
you know we didn't know now I I have
something more powerful than my nerf
guns I'm feeling confident I don't think
it was anything good to buy the work
shirt absolutely
nope I'm here too
mm okay I can't afford a hard piece well
your bullets are gonna like is there a
goober to drop stuff in if you want
girls I can get that ammo
do it
Oh snake lady oh oh the Gorgon nice okay
green
where are you
wow wow wow wow wow wow oh shit
fuck ah fuck well you can have a t-shirt
cannon if you want
you know what I'm gonna say co-op is
harder no I ain't gonna use I get
confused by who's who you're a crazy man
I think it's harder it was that was this
purple space bazooka is the t-shirt I'll
give it one more time what are the odds
there'll be a purple space bazooka in
the game officially called the purple
polka zero yeah I know anything's
possible
I saw earlier they they do have a gun
that's like two eyes that shoots tears
yeah as a nod to binding of issac the
earthworm jim gun is in here oh is it
yeah oh it's awesome no clips 999
bullets instantly hit but they're all
weak sure
shit
there we go let's go oh
I feel super late meeting all these guys
with nerves will get you good good I'll
get you I think it's funny it's you know
it's nerve gun I'd be embarrassed use a
fucking nerf gun yeah decent damage to
American
well gun ghosts you know fool me gun
goes great
oh sorry I thought it was nice okay
thought I was there Oh rolled right into
again
wait I really this way this is not going
well
uh yeah yeah
she blames Shaboom oh it's good doodie
what that uh-huh
shield breaker oh you know that kind of
looks like a halo Kneedler oh okay down
uh yep it looks like a needler needle
then I'm sure there's like a million
little references and you know what I
saw online somebody is what from time
pack oh yeah yeah nice yeah you got you
kind of got to we took video and they're
used to proton pack what was an easy one
Jeremy hello welcome bro mate blame me
blame it Mamie can you buy things with
my money maybe I mean if I get in the
half-heart survivors ah sorry don't
shoot again okay yes I can buy things
okay don't shoot again I probably need
to the heart more than you but yes it
was neat to see it was a test
yeah this is just a test
it's alright I'll just take job keep it
son whatever the boss drops but I just
get dibs and whatever health the boss
drops yes oh we missed a key let's go
get bad all right they get bigger
fuck that shit oh my god has a charge
eating great everything
that's no problem at all no wash for the
barrel
the barrel
oh no ghost riches here not ghost rich
whoa oh wait oh I cannot oh hey did you
drop anything
is this the thing I don't think I had
much to drop no I don't think I had
anything okay actually boss boss we got
we got the brothers oh yeah the trigger
twins
ah
fuck I am sucking this time around
alright that's alright we got him
that one vote or didn't okay why are you
dead why aren't you dead cuz the other
one done dude huh
the other one died the other one died
they're stupid
well oh yeah I know there was two I just
I thought I was shooting the one that's
right
I'm gonna change characters I don't like
a crossbow and I pistols not so hot I'll
see how far we can make it here Oh
where's my heart boom I worked my needle
gun lose some money I have my need again
not all right get the fuck out of here
rock and roll
motherfucker let's go me the flipper oh
yeah but what Oh ghosts no thanks so
much
Oh ghosts check it out if you want hobos
is it hobos it might be hobos let's
assume it's hobos hobo break
Richard's gonna come back he's gonna
come back any second now
so what's going on with you Chet water
yep I'm drinking water tonight because
you know and rich was never seen again
the cultists abilities and whatever
angles to go anybody knows I hope only
gets more damage yeah okay cool whatever
Colonel rich mustard I don't think
there's any plans for that but it was a
ghost was it really a ghost oh okay
it was a ghost all right okay I'm always
waiting for the crazy Star Wars fan to
show up with a shotgun this is for
George oh yeah whoa whoa where did you
come from
dickhead aah you dickhead aah fuck holy
fuck yep I decided I decided get out of
here dickhead you grabbed my heart and
that make me alive
there you go there you go alive innate
me okay I am Alive innate it that's very
good
let's rock and roll uh looks like for
rock okay whoa
oh it bounces what does my weapon nice
didn't do that much damage all said and
done yeah you can fuck some shite up you
can take ammo yeah yeah I'm good
my thing like I can charge it up I can
only charge mine Wow
all right north no shit some
inexplicable reason I thought it was you
I think coops harder so only ten is the
first time it's happened
shit
ah what they change direction woo a
golden key those doors Oh with the
people's in it thank you oh I got a few
I got a peep you okay okay taking it
easy taking the slope boom oh okay we
got ammo great get that key Becky hope
you got it thank you yes I'll just grab
this yeah and then you can have it back
yeah later
I don't like the rate of fire at all
yeah yeah let's get crazy with the
ghosts oh no ghost you shall not pass
cube sorry come on that was shit that's
what I like about the charges just right
hey guys a ghost I can still knock
things over whoo I can't knock tables
over that I can break barrels
ah I tried I tried and I like I clicked
at just that second hide I'm opting out
of coop yeah yeah weird it's weird they
have a co-op thing and binding of issac
- yep and it's similarly weird did you
want to just play then or yeah well just
play well just play and talk just put
via the old plan talk you give it a go
I'm gonna take a little break Oh wake up
wake up comp you traitor like the
Marines got badass armor it's pretty
cool cool I like a helmet and um it
reminds me a lot of Halo 4 oh you could
probably spend the money you could burn
spent the money on fucked up oMG I just
googled purple space bazooka and now I
know it's official name well they go
what'd you buy
RPG what's that rocket-propelled grenade
I assume oh so you've you've now bought
something that can randomly yes in the
gungeon
okay I'm with you I'm with you okay
let's get Oh what's happening I'm
accidentally hitting the oh thanks for I
got messed up okay cool commit changes
yes great steam controls kill it did
they really do I just
I'm just not a fan of that steam
controller you know I mean rich knows
yeah do you guys know you do a
role-playing grenade it's a grenade that
thinks it's a machine gun it's pretty
awesome
I want this probably gonna be some kind
of ton though word is something there's
nothing about it will be like a thing
sure I can all shoot dice or something
oh shit a 20-sided die that would be
great actually I like that what game is
this this is enter the gungeon not
dungeon Gunjan its top-down twin-stick
shooter very much like Binding of Isaac
where procedurally generated levels and
randomized items also got a little bit
of nuclear thrown in it with the roll
dodge mechanic and ammo management that
sort of stuff so it's actually a nice
mixture of Isaac and nuclear throne
so if you are fans of either of those
games or was that other game that I was
playing that was very similar to this I
forget it fuck it enter the binding of
the necrodancer kind of its nuclear
binding necro nuclear binding dancer and
then figure out the fireplace anyone in
the chat who knows
shadow alley 5 why does everyone hate
jars irving's he was such a funny
character with his clumsiness funny
cartoony voice such well-developed
character he's also a misunderstood
Gungan that needs some loved that needs
some love too rich sure why not
a new Suicide Squad Squad trailer just
came out do you think it's gonna be
funnier than the other trailer do you
think they're gonna highlight the
light-hearted nature of the movie now
they still they really believe it's just
that it's not light and not the fact
that Superman is not heroic I yes by the
way is the movies too dour
that's literally what they think like
nobody's complained about Batman and
Batman is not light but the Marvel
movies have a comedic light tone to
enrich when one of your two heroes is a
fucking monster you got a problem I
think fearful sludge boy says some of
the guns are like water pistols or you
can find a water barrel that you can use
in the fireplace okay and you put the
fire out and then something happens
somebody happens I lose my arm oh my
badass helmet it's going yeah I was
getting more you can always get more
armor yeah what's with that there's the
it seems like you're earning a lot more
money than usual I'm not complaining
no just strange specif so awesome oh
that's uh that's probably dog see fleshy
patches that's the important question is
in Suicide Squad is any of their mothers
named Martha that's the important
question there's now a company-wide
mandate that nobody's mother could be
named Martha appear they didn't like
that they very good people really didn't
like the whole Martha thing so well if
we're still gonna have their mothers
have the same name but it's not gonna be
Martha what wrong messages can be seen
to take away from the feedback right
right why did you say her name I mean I
know Martha is a pretty common name
rocket-powered bullets not is that just
all your bullets or did you get a new
gun oh that's a passive oh oh shit Doug
I think it's about to get real or or
this item is really gonna suck okay no
they're fresher oh they're just faster
bullets
nice I still haven't seen Star Wars the
seven yeah you know it's out on blue
right now he's probably i evil a you
know you can rent it on your red boxes
give it a bunch if you like the Star
Wars movies it's pretty nice nothing in
your life will change if you see it or
don't see it pretty much if you know you
might like it probably a lot of people
seem to like you don't see nothing much
is gonna happen except for you gotta
watch out for spoilers then save this
key or I open that brown chest what do
you think Jay uh I mean to me it's all
about like get all the treasure all the
time so I would say open the brown chest
but it's just a wait wait wait Brown
chests I think are like lesser chest
right I don't know it was like well I
have no idea
open it up fucking open it up we have a
consensus you want to consensus yeah
what do you guys think open it I see an
open I see yeah that's why we pick
somebody one random person in the chat
oh we can use our new person randomizer
leftover beefcake who's done wonderful
things for us yes
that's giving me out a big pic like how
do I do it yeah you gotta turn the steam
controller on and do buttons that's good
I'm good with it
beefcake has made has made for us a
randomizer a random affectation
application where we can choose random
people and it's is announced we're in
Schad yeah let's try that okay ready we
are gonna pick a random person we pick
is gonna tell us well then how we open
this chest okay ready
fearful sledge boy do we open that chest
or not fearful slugs boy tell us you
have been chosen fearful sludge boy tell
us leftover beef cake you need to sell
this shed to streamers this is this is
some great shit
all right hold on where's fearful sludge
boy purple he's purple Oh
what fish he hasn't seen yet so sure of
what such boy says rotten tell us
whether or not rich opens a chest
yeah right I'm gonna I open a chest why
the fuck not it says fearful sludge bone
all right great get me back in the game
okay hold on hold on hold on just pick
another random person that will do
nothing and they can feel bad the only
problem fearful sludge boy and it's not
a real what's growing flip multiplier
wats ancient technique creases gonna
output whatever a table is flipped
that's fine
the only problem is it does not your
twat sure does not work on Windows 10
which is not a big deal because that you
know but like the laptops Windows 10 we
have it running on on the main computer
but it is not Windows 10 optimized for
some reason I need a table and I can't
find one you flip them all rich No
oh whoa that's pretty awesome sweet that
is pretty awesome
yeah and you're right mr. glitch is more
accurate to say Windows 10 does not work
with the Twatter because yeah Windows 10
is the garbage thing not your twat sure
we love your clutter and it works
fantastic
didn't need it
nice nice
that a que that a que is nice well it's
also helped at a faster rate of fire yep
oh that's right you have your super
bullets - fuck yeah boom when are we
gonna get the compressor working we're
not is this Samora from the store we're
just not it's not gonna happen we've
given up on the compressor can you talk
to him
blank damage up oh that's neat
the compressor effect no the compressor
had the had the hiss the awful awful
hiss nose and there was just no work
around around we tried the special fancy
ass cables policy that's what that green
thing is there's like a there's a
necromancer
see faster than normal maybe put that
table boom yeah the compressor didn't
really do what we were looking for
anyway
it is being returned Oh ninjas West
Coast's no West Coast
the hiss is because you have an SM 1b
Jack you need a cloud lifter for more
clean game so what I weighed brave cadet
should I use the cloud lifter should I
use a cloud lifter with the compressor
and then what would it go would it go
Mike cloud lifter compressor or Mike
compressor cloud lifter tell me I'm
listening because we might have one I am
listening
we have a compressor limiter that's what
gave us the hiss come on brave cadet
tell me what to do
I'm listening ballistic boots ballistic
boots
ok so brave cadet we have a cloud lifter
the mics are hooked up to a cloud lifter
right this very moment
so Mike cloud lifter compressor ok is
the is the order if we do that
everything will be wonderful I will give
that a try I will officially give that a
try
Thank You brave cadet Mike cloud lifter
compressor and then we're gonna have
this sweet whoa that table flip thing is
cool is that causing like it's slow down
that's causing your computer to flip out
though no I think that's just full of
time or is it just awesome yeah brave
cadet actually a Jan Mike bought a cloud
lifter to use for commentary tracks
because we were having they were having
some issues with quiet microphones and
so we are actually hooked up through a
cloud lifter right now I didn't hook up
the limiter the compressor limiter
because I didn't know how to which order
to going you know place a large sock
over rich Evans head and it might fix
the levels that's that's not a bad idea
we'll give that a try look oh we want
those guys where do you get them the
magic key
I don't know luck may be involved not
sure never had a match key before Jack
oh I'm sorry I had one I don't know like
78 or I get a key to open that chest mmm
I mean you probably won open that chest
lipstick but-- sounds great whatever it
does okay i mean you can't afford it yet
are there more room okay
I got one to stay in the corner
yes
nice rich
rogue one has a trailer where a storm
triple trooper gets beat up by a stick
I believe it stormtroopers have
universally been proven useless in most
of Star Wars they can't hit anything
they always let the prisoners escape
they never find the right droids yeah I
get the ballistic boots oh all right but
now you have two things that make you
faster right
well foot speed and gun speed shit yeah
shit yeah
we should save some of this shit oh like
save a loadout I'm full I don't think I
can get anymore uh-huh why not are you
sure can't just add on and add on
seeking a gun you have to stop them
young bullets should heed my teachings
I've met him much before he's he's uh
nearly blind bullet he thinks you're a
bullet oh that's funny
telling me I have to stop me yeah yeah
so so he's going to give you a thing
does it give you one for free
oh no it's okay don't worry about it
okay I think they're saying here you can
buy as much as you want like you can
might just be able to keep adding to
your I can't afford anyway I'm surprised
cause there's that altar again I don't
particularly want to get rid of any of
the things I have yeah don't experiment
right now
meet
I say meat it's just a cube super meat
boy yeah this is just a thing now
anytime you see a cube yeah red cube
she's gonna be a meat bacon Jacobs says
just finished watching space cop for the
first time Jack your human brain old
computer riff was my favorite part of
the Attucks thank you
we had a lot of fun shooting that day
with the hick hostage couple taking it
oh fuck my nutsack out of the frying pan
into the flame the the hick hostage
couple taking a close second yes I love
that I mean that's scene in general when
you handle the domestic dispute
it was beautiful that's a beautiful
scene but yeah we we had a lot of fun
riffing with me as the the depth alien
tech really fun stuff I don't want to
lose all my shit Jack it's gonna happen
though of course it's gonna happen
that's how these games work you fall in
love you fall in love with your loadout
oh yeah fuck my nutsack that's a great
one too oh fuck my nutsack stand up
everybody stand up
which thing do I open it's two things
they're both green honeycomb well I got
one blip to give I found a heart chunk
okay so maybe that'll be enough and I
got bees Jack will you come up with any
excuse to do more blow yes you you
figured out my secret whenever I stand
up I do a quick bump good luck good luck
rich you can do it I believe in you
which is true I but I actually believe
in you you can pull it off you're fast
you got fast bullets you got a good gun
oh the bees the bees were just released
oh yeah that was a good run that's it
right has a good run that was fun that
was very fun you're this soldier that
was the Marine yeah okay I'm just gonna
do a quick where you start then oh wait
how do you do things what do you mean
how do you know I'll get used to it I've
got my my blank set to be as opposed to
the bumper Oh the weird stick buttons
that shouldn't be buttons because that's
the most awkward but a hit and it always
goes off accidentally for you that's
very strange
I hate those things then dodges the left
bumper and sugars right trigger
great
dude oh we got a tip much
yeah sure I thought you ready Oh
different person watch space cop not
recently scarf for so one says hey guys
watch space cop yesterday still have an
erection also yeah lol fuck my cock your
erect cock apparently yeah yeah well hey
you're not gonna fuck a plastic cock
you're right you can try and I'm gonna
get very far
I bet you know what that was me not
thinking maybe if you're like tape some
kind of like stick then you get fucking
her a flat so first eat a lollipop take
the lollipop stick take a lollipop stick
jam it down the urethra there you go
now we're talking now you're working now
you got some to work with that was the
for Fiat viagra that's what they did
yep that's exactly what they did had to
do that all the time
Cranky's is rich brief my wife out by
saying hello Deana we both watch space
cup deanna deanna dan yeah look at this
fucking gun oh my god the Emperor the
Emperor the M we gotta try that in for
how many shots as I get a million
alright
oh fuck Oh save it saving saving saving
bad that looks badass I now I need to
make it to a boss
I could smell with an EI that's Deana on
my bark what DEA n na that's Deana DEA
yeah that's Deana not Diana yeah Diana's
is a AI
hey guys hi cuz Nico :
rich what's your favorite Jennifer
Connelly movie
well she's naked and Requiem crackit The
Rocketeer or Dark City I liked her from
war that are hot hot ass as long as you
acknowledge the hot hot hot hot ass all
I get that's all I care about
just acknowledge the hot hot
tired and sad says think rich might
actually like Rove one because the
filmmakers have said this film will not
have a Jedi or any major mystical
elements as the main characters normal
people yeah that actually sounds great I
wrote one looks good the trailer looks
better than the Episode 7 trailer yeah
yeah ok pandering nonsense boss it's all
true and it's the falconer
yeah they had a lot of I'm gonna say
robe worn as a better trailer okay if
that's what you want to say it is what I
want so I'm not gonna stop yeah I'm not
gonna stop you from saying that and I'm
not gonna necessarily disagree with you
it looks more like something I would
want to watch not that I hated the force
awakens
of course you did of course I did
because I didn't slather it with with
with my man's seed your what's telegin
says rich watch 10 Cloverfield Lane
it is a breath of fresh air after Batman
V Superman anyway are you looking
forward to any future Cloverfield films
actually haven't seen Cloverfield Ted
there's not a not a part of that review
I didn't I didn't ask to go with the
movie I don't really care know anything
about it I don't know that's great I'll
watch it when it comes out Netflix
Oh what is it what's that do look at my
hearts oh you got two hearts okay but
here's the thing
any purchase will shatter the ring I bet
I get two hearts I just can't buy
anything Oh jack interesting interesting
what's your map
perhaps 79 has 78 I'm off by a whole
year I'm assuming that's a year or just
a number I'm not by a number HAP 78 says
rich do you believe in the theory of
alternate timelines and that by
traveling back in time you won't change
your current existence just create a new
timeline I think that Wharf TNG episode
parallels it's possible I look at the
problem with some of this stuff is it's
highly theoretical and there's no way
you can prove any of it
right now they might they might exist
it's a neat concept I'll say that but
the honest answer is I don't know how
time travel works and and nobody does I
don't know enough to make an educated
guess yes how I believe such-and-such
happens when you travel back in time I
am not qualified for that I'm just I
shit on Batman V Superman that's my job
that's my job did they ever find out
what happened to that s what is Batman V
Superman
it's gotta be around somewhere in the
versus yeah they asked that got dropped
in the vs. yeah oh no no never find out
lost some lost to the ages it should
have been Batman against five Superman's
yes stands for hope
oh I know why it doesn't have the s
because there is no hope in Batman V
Superman nice rich somebody nailed it
nailed it all over the place
damn Gina
nothing I really want to buy here anyway
there's this thing chlorine thei ring
but luckily there's nothing I want to
buy anyway so this sucks it can you buy
more armor ya know considering just I'm
not too big on it
I mean basically the heart right heart
right there's just bonus hearts all
right hold on switching guns to the
Emperor let's fuck some shit up we got a
bird rich
I wasn't setting myself up by the way
that was just that just came to me free
for just free food from free for me for
him
that thing burns through a moat in it
yep
not terribly powerful but seems to be
doing the job Sue's me Oh nope he's here
bumper bumper bumper you can switch that
if you want but I won't get mad
Oh God
yeah
I just want all the guns hey I would
love to play through this like
overpowered yeah this would be this
would be great with cheats
and then the birds eat him alive oh
thanks Oh Oh is there fireplace in here
yeah yeah nope fuck the mega Dow sir oh
yeah there's a fireplace we know about
the ability to roll through bullets yep
I I just I press the wrong button and
you know when you roll you can't fire
and so
wait what what button is your map the
left trip everything okay our key
bindings are getting into each other's
ways is what's happening here basic okay
I can't wait to see this
what the fuck I press them what's in
your inventory
nothing what does that do I have no idea
I have no idea what that's it oh wait I
know no room oh okay okay okay okay okay
okay okay
wait change back to a gun I don't know
if the super-soakers like does any
damage all right
secret room was secret oh no does any
keys well okay
well alright there's a little piece of
the puzzle we know it does something
wait is there any other house would you
find keys for 20 bits each in the shop
no there weren't any keys right there
weren't any keys how well yeah shit
it's liked it and I wonder if that just
takes us down to the next level you know
and you say you don't have to fight the
boss who knows it's gotta be something
cooler that I you would hope so what's
up what's the price is right music duh
duh
okay the gungeon proper
yeah food out what bet
how many bosses have we beaten so far in
this room just one in this run by 8:00
tonight in general what's the deepest
we've gotten wait to the second boss I
off stream I have been to the third
level on stream we have gotten to the
boss for the second level but we have
not beaten dead things when the we've
seen the Gorgon the Gorgon twice and
then I forget what it was called it was
a snake thing then that killed me once
Heat
dime eat
a moganda the mo conde yes for people
let me know there's great names of this
cap 78 says guys better Superman
Christopher Reeves or Tim Dave from the
animated series Christopher Reeves oh
it's the intermediate Tim Day is my
Superman he's a great Superman yep the
Bulbul fine they're both fine choices
you know the animated Superman to me was
able to do stuff like like action you
know yeah and have Superman be Superman
and like you know Reeves Superman yes
they did
what is our just voice not what they did
the show shit who was a better Superman
yeah still still of animated fuck fuck
you still animated nope
all right we've not Rives Jesus Christ
I can barely say anything right you know
you know this you all know this you guys
know who rich Evans is yes chat Nick
Cage was the best Superman did they ever
finish that documentary I think they did
I need to watch it about that The Death
of Superman lives yes yeah I really want
to see that what about Henry Cavill uh
shame he's never had a chance to play
Superman he might be fine you know rich
that was a sickroom
that's just a true statement is what
that is named meant doesn't burn
circle and shoot circle and shoot it's
my strategy it's my man strats works
like a child
ah you
fuck
I start breaking out the big guns I
still have that ammo resupplies so I can
I don't break out the big guns I won't
have you will get there I won't get ya
okay wait
I think I said sometimes you can shoot
it yeah oh hey hi oh shit what oh you
shot it's pressing the wrong button next
time use a key
oh it's junk okay was it junk dude next
time you know I came to shake you got me
next time he's the key sad tired sad
says RL I'm hinted in an email email
email that one of the main characters in
the movie that you guys did a commentary
track for is played by a famous little
person so does this mean the film stars
Tom Cruise No
I get it
you're gonna focus on moving too much
and it's gonna be a letdown when you
hear it it's a movie we do a commentary
track for hint it in an email eco
Colossus don't you wish for another
Death Star in the next Star Wars they
really haven't done enough with the
Death Star
I mean you haven't galaxies and sagging
to play with but come on
more Death Star yes and but and right
that's the whole purpose of rogue one is
them stealing the plans for the best so
the best art will appear prominently in
rogue well I think that's why they make
in the jail I I don't understand why
they blew up
Starkiller base and the force awakens
what are we gonna have another other
Death Star what do you do for the finale
of your your series now I don't I don't
get it I don't get it
not yours to get rich
all right how do I what's your special
right bumper right bumper
but do you switch that I won't care no
do it now I got use it what not your cuz
I'm you know what cousin fucked it up
used to it after this run I'm handing it
back to you alright so gonna get used to
it do I think they're going to attack
and blow up the Death Star and road one
do you not know what road one is about
or are they being funny they might be
being funny I think you're being funny
okay but for anyone who doesn't I'm just
wondering if they will might you end
that on a flashback kind of thing like
what what this character was doing
during the Death Star trench run could
that be a thing we see where somebody is
escaping the Death Star at the last
instant well no this is before our
episode four or possibly during I guess
possibly during but like we wouldn't see
the people battling the desert because
these are the people that stole the
plans so they could attack the Death
Star
maybe well right maybe maybe after they
transmit the plans they get captured and
then they're in like the prison
detention center and then you have like
you hear like or you kind of see because
the action scene of the detention center
with Princess Leia like you get to see
like the breakout of Princess Leia from
another characters point of view oh oh
maybe and then in the climax of rogue
run no I wouldn't no no she had she had
the plans
she had the plans in the opening scene
she had the plans on our to a new home
yeah no I mean but in rogue one they
could transmit the plans before they get
captured what the stars of rogue one
could still transmit the Death Star
plans and get captured and still be on
the Death Star
I get it I get it okay during the events
of a new hope sure and then you get all
these crowd-pleasing things where you
see the detention escape with Chewbacca
and Han
and then more they're escaping as the
Death Star's blowing up for the exciting
finale oh that would be mega lame I'm
just saying it's a possibility it's a
good possibility - oh okay here's an
altar I'm gonna try to I'm gonna try to
Alvin Fox's the ending will be the first
scenes of a New Hope which is probably
right
I'm just throwing out this is a
possibility
I'm not even expressing that as
something that would be a good idea or a
bad idea just something that a Hollywood
Disney executive might possibly do with
the film hold on what if you find
another fire voice on your hand the keys
all right there Mike
I want my gun back
Oh No okay apparently I think you need a
specific item here like nothing happened
when I dropped my gun so I think you
need a specific item for the altar and
we just don't have it there is this gun
thing yeah and if this gun thing gets me
a new gun if you put two guns in you get
a new gun out I'm pretty happy with the
gun I have I might have to buy a heart
which will break my ring which gives me
two heart slots but not gonna do me much
good if I'm dead
Chad here's here's a question for you
the many Bothans died wasn't that Return
of the Jedi though and not a new hope
many Bothans died to bring us these
plans I think was my mama saying that
and it was in Return of the Jedi I don't
know who my mom I don't think anybody
necessarily has to die in rogue one to
get the plans I don't know what they
said about that a new hope well I think
Leia has the thing in a new hope about
like you know the people who got them
the plans are yeah you know also I don't
know don't care
Gold key selkie Oh Oh the selkie you
know the selkie yeah Mon Mothma said
that I think she's in rogue one yeah but
my mother mo was in Return of the Jedi
not into a whole new hope was admiral de
don de la right I don't think my mom who
was in a new hope you're saying a bunch
of work oh oh I gotta go I gotta feed on
do I don't know Star Wars name is I'm
not a super star wars freak
Admiral do done okay I've rescued
someone great cool well yeah I got you
another player I don't know any names
this one rogue one takes place before a
new hope that's all I know
which why do you hate Star Wars assuming
because I hate it so much I hate
everything about everything about Star
Wars rogue one trailer looks neat
I hate Star Wars hate it you're a raging
sea thing hate okay rich yeah if I spend
money to buy a heart I get it I get an
extra heart but then I lose the two
empty heart containers or you instantly
die depends upon how mathematically they
figure those two hearts I know I just
lose the two containers are you sure
about that yes
how are you sure about that I'm pretty
sure you're so you're not sure about
that is what you're saying I'm pretty
sure about that what you're saying is
you're assuming that and you're guessing
yes assuming yes so you're guessing that
yes then do it
anchor I can fuck your diet and get a
backpack
sure great got a backpack now cool I
should have bought that key how much was
that key thirty shit about the key oh
well fuck it by the boss
the B holster what the fuck dodged us
through it that's through it I did
probably want to shoot those I'm working
on it
dodge through it I did I did
hmm good work is that for - uh yeah
Oh burn burn for three now damn fine
crackerjack work Jeff Pulse Cannon gonna
do with this guy oh is that the aliens
good yeah
no doesn't sound like it at least
pulse rifle oh yeah whoo okay that
little that little bastard hit me I have
some extra guns now good I'm wrong with
that
oh no nothing wrong with it but it's
like this guy is low on ammo and you
know the squirt gun I'm not gonna use
you get random sometimes you get ammo
drops around man just find them yeah
okay all right well keep moving I think
that was for to Jenna writing Jenna
writing yeah because you built you beat
somebody else with the mega gun yeah
beat the Berlin yeah okay hi I'm Emma
chamber chamber three number three all
right weird shape at 3:00 biatch I got a
pretty be a weapon here why don't you
say something that's helpful
that's hurtful this biatch it's what I
felt like rich watch everything you say
all the time
alright ready yep
oh fuck right ready to die yes fuck oh
she went behind the pillar yeah well you
know I didn't know there's gonna be two
waves behind that was not prepared for
two hours oh this gun I'm not super
happy
Oh
yep
I think is the run we end on Jack you
think yeah oh shit
see yeah I see it
get out of here you know jack is good at
this this is this game is right up
Jack's Alan this is mine I've inverted
the game this is this is Jack's thing Oh
mister missus subscriber here this is my
meat and potatoes mister donation here
Oh Oh Ramon do you think phasma will
return an eighth disgraced and out with
a vengeance for Finn to be his final to
be his final confrontation like kylo is
for a for a preflight climax know I
think phasma will be completely
forgotten about you think yeah no she's
an on character and she doesn't even
have the cool factor that Boba Fett had
going on and what happened when Boba
Fett returned he died he flew into a
wall
I think she's going I think she is going
to be in the second movie because her
toys sold well but she's not gonna play
a major part in it I'm listening no
phasma's no phasma's no I'm gonna say
yes phasma's because of toys is
shit
can someone explosion DuckTales wants to
know i if somebody can explain why
people think boba fett is cool because
his outfit is really awesome that's
that's it that is it plus there's the
whole no talking acting like a badass
thing yep that's it that is it Boba Fett
that kind of mystique that diminishes
the more you you see and learn about
everything has happened with Boba Fett
like how much total screen time do you
think Boba Fett has in the original
trilogy total two minutes well you know
like we see him a little bit two minutes
two minutes including never on screen
for more than like ten seconds out of
his biggest appearance is Jedi yeah when
he wraps the thing around Luke two
minutes maybe like if we include all of
the slave one time maybe three or four
minutes there's some flying around in
space well I won't count a spaceship
flying around no and that was what how
long was that right
oh my god that was awesome I hit this
thing and rocks fell on the meat monster
oh yeah I see the X here what's it yes I
know we talked to him but he doesn't
talk much she says very little
yeah she's space Tom I think I need him
alive
generic badass tough guy yep fuck you
it's still relatively quiet a few words
he says who's the worst Lois Lane oh I
missed it
Amy Adams or something Bosworth I'm
assuming Oh was that from I'm assuming
from return yeah Amy Adams she screams
good it's not her fault of the script
sucks that that's the problem though is
like her Lois is nothing like she's a
fine actor yeah I know but her Lois is
nothing like I can't blame her Henry
heaven Henry Cavill might make him
really might make for a fine Superman
yeah you know what I could see Henry
Cavill beat like him he has got the
right look he there's little hints of
his acting ability
whenever zack snyder isn't paying
attention he can actually act luke 72w
says rich
I just watched every episode of Batman
the Animated Series best Batman or
bestest Batman ever yes yes yes a
possibly second bestest Batman ever
because his appearances in the Justice
League were always memorable
a shrine to the Forgotten bullet who
laid down his arms oh I could offer a
gun at the altar hold on
I don't want offer this gun I will offer
my SuperSoaker
oh I think I got a help for that nice
did you take my super soaker yes you did
awesome
awesome like was it the the Justice
League cartoon pilot episode where I'll
let you fight this spike you're out
you're empty
just gonna hide behind this wall yeah
you're doing great you're doing fucking
great I really enjoy games like this
you've got this shit down like you said
this is Maya this is my kind of jam
right here this is Jim Ian and all my
right gems but in the Justice League
pilot like Batman knob he beats up some
like foreign mercenary guys okay Eddie
starts you know interrogating them and
the four mercenary and some kind of like
Russian or something says you can't
understand what I'm saying and I won't
talk anyway
yeah and like Russian and then Batman
responds in Russian I can and you will
great yeah the animated series Batman
find Batman I know I know
but I did that's it
I need some fucking ammo Oh a shop hello
you got ammo huh that's that green box
yeah I know I'm just or you could get
rid of some shit you got the gun magic
gun box do oh I'd rather have ammo
Jeff shit you don't want give shit you
don't want what your guns hit but it
down hold down why okay okay yeah I mean
I have my standard which you know is
fine I ho you got rid of the water gun I
got rid of the water gun to get health
and that I needed that alright alright
alright so that makes sense
alright I'm gonna buy an ammo wait wait
hug the gun you want for it out you have
oh oh is that how it works I'm not a
hundred percent sure but yeah I'm gonna
say yes yes okay you alright
that only filled up the Emperor which is
fine that's a fine gun to fill up
alright that key or a half a heart Oh
probably want a key I think I saw a
little bit from The Killing Joke trailer
I'm sure it'll be fine look they got the
right voices for it I don't know what
kind of shit they're gonna add to it
like they're probably gonna add it a
gratuitous scene where Barbara Gordon
kicks all kinds of ass to make up for
the horrible horrible thing that that
story does to her yep
I'm sure to be fine oh that's a good one
that's a good run killed by your own
slow reflexes absolutely oh because like
I think I was like I was about to dodge
like it knew that I hit the Dodge button
but I didn't hit it fast enough
nemesis rich could you list the
live-action representations of Batman
from worst to best
oh you know I'm gonna exempt Adam West
I'm gonna exempt him sure he's doing
something different modern live-action
and then what the Batman we like yeah
the most part yeah sure can't be Batman
has its fans Karen prefers can't be
Batman the Exile this is as far the
farthest I've gotten in the game but
I've only played it tonight
where's George Clooney tie above that
I'm gonna say it's a tie Val Kilmer and
Christian Bale his voice is so tears
almost the entire thing we have now we
have Michael Keaton Michael Keaton Ben
Affleck yeah you know what I am you know
like Val Kilmer and George Clooney can
kind of be interchangeable because you
know Chloe Claudia is so shit no no
Cooper's not that bad Val Kilmer is
better than Clooney I think you got it
right I think you have it right he's not
that bad he's no George George Clooney
it is ridiculous to me that he is in
that movie still Adam West was doing his
own thing that that's that almost
doesn't even count as Batman anymore
that that's its own separate bizarro
right it's it's weird to rank him
because it's such a different
interpretation than most of them but
I'll say Adam
West above val kilmer and Kristen Bell
and below Keaton and Affleck
okay I could deal with that I could deal
with that it is but like it's it's own
thing you know it would be like putting
it be like putting the animated series
in there where it's like that's so
separate well that would be number one
oh of course but but it's also like a
whole different thing you know like or
we could talk about like the Batman
radio show you know but that's the thing
I'm like Christian Bale is a talented
actor but he has that Batman voice that
completely ruins any performance he
would give shy well you can't take him
seriously
and what he does the fake playboy stuff
it's so cartoony it is it's very
cartoony it's fun it's very cartoony
nerdy the the stark realism those movies
want to go for any time he's Batman and
not talking he's great like I'm thinking
about like that like him sneaking into
the into the building in where was that
in Korea or whatever like that whole
sequence like you know he doesn't talk
much that's fun it's fun Batman II stuff
gadgets and and intrigue and smoke and
mirrors for the most part the
live-action Batman's they just can't
move right because of the fucking
costume it it's true like III somewhat
recently ivory watched Tim Burton's
Batman oh here and just just because
that cost you oh it's horrible huh yeah
wait a minute it doesn't even like fit
on his face right it's horrible horrible
looks like it's made out of cheap rubber
and I'm sure they or more but it looks
like crap if Batman Baylor's Superman
Cavell I'd take evelle because I think
we could get a good performance out of
him who is this what who are what you
have to choose Batman Bale or Superman
Cavell super evil Superman cavil
look his problems been the script yeah
yeah and is that Snyder is the problem
not henry cavill right cavil won't give
it whatever k evil
henry cavill right and it's very clear
because there are little moments of his
superman that are really nice you know
like thinking back to Man of Steel
there's that whole sequence where
Superman gives himself up to the US
military and he has like a little
conversation with Lois Lane and you know
he's in handcuffs and they have a little
back and forth or the like you you let
him put handcuffs on you because you
know Lois Lee seen him lift mountains
and he's like I thought they would feel
more comfortable that way like there's
sweet little moments where cavil nails
the character and in Snyder completely
steamrolls over with his garbage Henry
Cavill is a robot and you two have bad
opinion it's true look I'm not saying
Henry Cavill is great what I'm saying is
we never get to see him try because he
hasn't been in a movie that's let him
try he might be shit I don't know is the
point where as I actively know I don't
like Christian Bale was Batman yep he's
had his chance Oh Tom Welling
Tom Welling is a you know that's a whole
different thing handsome man that Tom
Welling I mean all of them if you
playing Superman right you gotta be
handsome worst opinions ever I I will
defend I think if you put Henry Cavill
in front of a director who gets it with
a script that is Superman script you
will get a fine Superman performance I'm
maybe well we'll never know we'll never
know but I think based off of the little
things I like about his Clark Kent
Superman performance I bet I would bet
that we would get a decent performance
Jesse Eisenberg equals bad Lex
Christian Bale equals bad Batman
now you know we talked about this during
our spoiler discussion where it's like
the way he was playing Lex was okay it's
the script it's the director like get
Shia LeBouf to play Superman I don't
like Shia LeBouf okay all right okay
we're gonna call it them yeah we'll call
it them yeah oh yeah we got our alt-tab
Amy alt-tab me subs boom okay let us
thank all of our subscribers everyone
who is this new version it doesn't
automatically scroll down it does not
automatically scroll that's nice that's
nice beefcake is on it beefcake I swear
to god we're not lying sell this to
streamers this is some good shit this is
some good shit alright let's see who we
have here we have throat heads
frog frog buh no fried up fro debt ah
fro debt but that is usually at the end
of the beat how is it yeah fro Debden
that's depth see Danny Chuck Justin
hormann 22 fucking months in a row
pigeon six one five tour guide Nixon J's
Le Loi beats nineteen months in a row
hello Draco twenty fucking months in a
row brings knives to gun fights twenty
fucking months in a row Bunga Doug
nineteen months in a row boom front
seventeen months in a row
John B eight twenty sixteen months in a
row D Banford
glory crunky No yes yes yes Frankie
optimist no em pulse ooh recon center
right cure 22 fucking months in a row
striker 1 1 2 1 tie rack the ancient Don
dark Sahni you just have to do this one
riddle me this
I aim to riddle you when you squeeze me
I aim to riddle you you're a helicopter
it's a great sketch nobody have people
who showed up late and don't know that's
good to have no idea what exact we're
talking about that's ok because the red
epic no fear no Envy 14 months in a row
Swedish AI Willi h2o 19 months in a row
so will your wily Louie
not really ok that's still what stills
12 Willy my brain sees that it will
always wanted to say wily like dr. wily
my brain brain gravitation Selena doctor
well it's Willy I'm saying her name
wrong for 19 months in a row I feel
terrible now finally Willy is like god
dammit finally thank you jack check I
finally got Jack to read my goddamn name
right like but giving them money for 19
months you said get my name right Wiley
I am God Johanssen junkie 49 silligan 20
fucking months in a row civilizations
I lost mr. hosmer I was looking at the
chat for a second dr. Rufus God thought
I thought it through got fired for it
though you've been subscribed enough 15
months in a row we want to welcome you
to the family we think you're doing a
fine job here
and the thing that we need for me with a
little respect
yeah yeah you go you go to your
neighbor's house a big field loaf of
bread and you respect them that want the
thing for me so we thank you that final
42 as feeling it so I rolled with it
yeah you got it
Luke 72w
wood chips and helvin Fox thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
you guys want it you you want to hear
the Godfather doing Batman sure sure
I think the cuff homicide but I know it
sound a little bit like this you go
