Oct 26, 2016
Dead by Daylight, Halloween Forever
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/101455170
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/101458302
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5oYTr2bDRqc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B3FtDHDHi5o
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/791342023122923520
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/791451561712943108

[Part I]
it's very it's spooky out today it's
it's like Halloween season spooky out
yeah it's like a little foggy a little
chilly depressing a lot wet a lot wet
yeah that's not so spooky it's it's not
quite rain just kind of like a Miss
everywhere right that's spooky
that's spookier than rain I suppose does
that thing work did we does this game
work with a controller well we're
playing dead by daylight which is
basically it sounds like the Friday the
13th game you know beating the Friday
the 13th game to the punch press the
space key and just hitting any buttons
on that do anything no all right
it was hitting the space cake so I don't
think this is useful
can you do anything no no god damn it
wait till we get into them yeah turn
them on hello everybody.welcome hello
do we have game audio this music sounds
like it's from the shining oh yeah we
did get the controller you got the
Michael Myers DLC alright oh there we go
boom boom do we want what can you
control can you all right can't do
anything
hold on maybe I needed a hit like except
or some shit like that
where's scroll down where's plight oh my
god hit buttons good wait did I do
something nope
settings controls controller maybe if
you double click reset defaults no um
it's a quick play being control how does
it accept oh wait I also go over to
killer
okay that's still on the killer its
settings again now go to controls hey go
do it
yep that saved it I wish today yep great
how come when I hit buttons I didn't do
nothin here the wrong buttons I only
make these controllers with so many
buttons these days I know darn darn
technology these kids wait did it go
back is it going back every time I
lightly touch the mouse oh is that the
problem I think that might be the
problem
ok safely down I put safely down can hit
the green repeatedly no nothing just
stick move anything nope okay so now go
down and hit settings and it should stay
now J should be able do stuff oh did I
do that are you nothing I hate
everything this is lame the broken can
the the broken controls says just as guy
you know are part of the whole is I'm so
scared isn't it making you uneasy B
button okay okay
I did something so now do nothing else
seems nothing else seems to work great
no I don't want to quit but I can't
change it
fuck my ass well I bet this would have
been a really fun game this seems like
it would have been a really great time
rich can they hear the game I don't know
right now oh you know I'm more worried
about getting this to work well why
don't you just start in there or start a
game with the mouse and keyboard and
then we can probably change it in-game
all right let's get past tutorials let's
get past the main man let's get past the
main menu because I feel like we can do
that are you doing this I'm not doing an
ting
oh this is neat
slashing twice this is a cool
environment yeah rich can you turn the
volume down a little bit
thank you uh put survivors on a meat
hook but we're not actually doing any of
this yet no this is just showing us
things I like it classic prereq says
machine gun savvy after a year of
streaming they still have startup issues
I wouldn't have it any other way
hey we're good it's not my fault the
game doesn't want to stick to a
controller also we're we're like over
two years now you know which makes it
even worse we're still having problems
well this isn't really your problem
though this is the game being stupid
Michael Myers is on this right I should
be oh did we download the deal we did we
bought the DLC did we download the DLC
why don't you stick to the thing wait
till you start and then do it but that's
stupid I mean I guess you could yeah go
back then you're not wait wait you are
go to create a lobby it won't stick it
won't there it is oh there we go
something happen
okay great can use menus with the
controllers but J we're the reason we're
sticking with the controller is because
that's what J is comfortable with yeah
and you want to play the spooky game
with J I know it so I'll just do menu
shit that's right quick plan we'll try
and get into a fucking match and see
what freaking happens yes
there's gonna be teamwork team works
anymore just to get the game started
properly right you can use a controller
only in game so it's one of those
partial controller support games or the
developer like oh yeah you can use
controllers but not all the time that
seems really dumb yeah well you know
small dev teams not a lot of money not a
lot of time to make the game that's
apparently you're a victim all right hi
that's whatever I still can't do
anything well I think we're waiting for
a game to start oh they all look like
Eugene Levy this guy's want pizza yeah
beats it I get it we're just waiting for
someone else to enter yes this is a it's
a multiplayer thing so we have to wait
for other people to play waiting for one
more victim we're brothers that's not
proper English are you are you upset
about the missing apostrophe are you a
grammar nazi I'm not but we're brother
or no maybe one of them died so they
awarded they were broke well you're
still even if your brother dies he's
still your brother he doesn't stop being
related to you oh maybe they were
stepbrothers and their parents got
divorced okay we were brothers I'll
accept it okay or maybe maybe they it's
not they didn't miss the apostrophe -
missed an H and they're wondering where
or where their brother their brothers
you're starting on multiplayer without
showing him controls on campaign or
something is there a campaign look we
just got the game like a ten minutes ago
would you say it was ten minutes oh five
minutes ago like it finished downloading
and we hit start stream so listen this
is a trial by fire for Jay it's gonna be
great it's gonna be hilarious for you
guys to watch I like to just jump right
into the deep end of the pool jumping
right in jumping right in
do we want a light song oh yeah it's
very harsh in here super harsh in right
whoo that's much more appropriate spooky
lighting there we go now we are
spooktacular
camera still look all right great no
campaign multi only all right great
so whoever said that was dumb was one of
the white brother no I don't know Hey
look I can't do anything
you're in the suffocation pit oh I can
point there we go no I had no idea what
I'm supposed to be doing great well
you're supposed to be high not die
apparently uh I think I saw that you can
like pick up traps and set traps for the
killer I'm very good at pointing oh well
good
are there other things you can do
Oh sound good how do I run try the
different buttons
I'm trying oh there we go damn you
Michael Myers can you like squirm oh you
again wiggle-wiggle-wiggle lipstick just
the left stick
oh he's gonna put you in his creepy
basement and hit that repeatedly that
one or hold it down I guess right yeah
I'm dead nope ah come on make me did
something happen oh my god Wow
Jesus Wow well and lasted five seconds
five seconds longer than you lasted last
time listen we made it past the menu and
so I'm protecting
all right let's leave and let's look at
the tutorial to see how you're supposed
to you're supposed to play as a survivor
I want to be Michael Myers everyone will
survive if I'm Michael Myers other
people are there people in the chat who
have this game who I'm Steam friends
with they have time to find it while
we're while we're learning the tutorial
because then we can just create a custom
game oh look at that it's go to the main
menu back back back
alright tutorials
the killer tutorial how to win so you
kill the people yeah how to hunt look
for the location of the generators
patrol the generators you will find
survivors why so that's a nose indicator
okay okay and I really you when they're
fired survivors have to be there when it
happens
oh are the survivors do the survivors
have to like light all the generators it
seems like it might be it all right
follow the scratch is cool
that's footprints alright alright
look I think it's fun
okay uh how to find the sure yeah we'll
go through and go through them all
check inside closet survivors love to
hide and
well that was effective it's a tutorial
range we will turn up the game volume
after we're done watching this
it does seem weird that it's it's a
video tutorial inside the game and not
just uh I know like a like a fake level
yeah you know why they probably don't
have any kind of AI to do a tutorial
with sure sure
okay quick quick sound adjust quick
sound adjust is there a creepy clown DLC
not that we know of but hey anything's
possible pointer I think we can do less
about I'll be quite honest with you
because of the weird wonky yeah controls
of the game so the pointer just might be
on-screen super sorry about that like
when the video happens we can move the
pointer out this way watch this stop
playing this we watch this game ever
watching this again you can't skate I
can't Wow hey dead by daylight just just
a little bit more refinement make game
better like 10% more refinement like let
me leave the video so is everybody doing
they're all they're all doing fantastic
that's time are you guys oh how are you
doing alright good that better
busy busy working I've been editing you
know working on some spooky stuff way up
oh nice working on project Hornet
hashtag hashtag project Hornet
I have been working on hashtag project
for noon and I need to say this out loud
for everyone you know on Sunday as a
recap for other people we asked our
viewers if anyone was good at technical
drawings or like 3d visualization
because we need to help with our hashtag
project Hornet and I got so many emails
and apparently our viewers are
incredibly talented smart folk good
thank you thank you everyone and it just
makes me feel like a big big dummy like
I'm an engineering student a doctoral
thesis on making search for the
generators flashing lights will guide
you ok how are the generators
escaped level up alright how to stay
alive
don't let the killer get you don't look
like Eugene Levy faster it beats closer
as a heartbeat it's important
if to figure out the Crouch button is I
figured it out I forgot now I figured
out by just mashing on all the buttons
oh yeah and you can like pull down shit
use windows ok great
how to help others fuck others we're
just wearing this for us we will watch
the things
yeah we're downloading the game while we
watch the things it makes sense what's
happening yeah sure
so in any case we I've contacted some
people who who seem to be interested in
helping us out with hash tag project
Hornet and and we're moving forward
which is very very exciting and maybe
one of these days I will I can let
everyone know what a hash tag project
Hornet is hashtag brother corner
I'm starting the social media buzz
already
all right are we ready to go we all
ready to go be a killer be a killer all
right how do we switch our killer
level level one we can we not play as
Michael Myers right like right off the
bat or something oh no Michael Mayer
showed up when I was the victim open
menu or like person do you see the
person head - what's open menu daily
rituals okay go to open menu
I need like it like it like a 2d
side-scroller or I just walk around and
I go what and I hacked P there you go
there is alright the shape yeah all
right
waiting for for more victims great great
waiting for victims where we hear it's
or otherwise is good evening gentlemen
do you have any plans on releasing a
commentary on Bandcamp again I love the
crap out of them enjoy the metal-rich
Jack you are fucking gun nut be well
gents we are gun nut I am gonna you are
metal any any commentaries there will be
more in the in the foreseeable future
invite friends and nothing happens why
does nothing happen when I invite
friends we don't have any friends we're
all here they know that Michael Myers
doesn't have any friends
yeah Jay says qui 42 what is the more
terrible sequel Highlander 2 or Exorcist
2 or is this a grueling best of the
worst episode just waiting to happen i
I've never seen Highlander 2 so I can't
comment on that you can't invite friends
in regular game you have to probably
like make your own game
escape out of that shit leave lobby as
for Exorcist - we might have some things
to say about that at some point in the
future
hmm how do we make our own game then
what do we do how do we do this escape
again kill with your friends ah kill
your friend kill kill with our friends
nope
can we play that pumpkin game we can't
play that okay
this seemed like a this is a really
great idea yeah it shouldn't be this
complicated I know the the game in
general has kind of mixed reviews and a
lot of a lot of people say that the
hardest the worst thing about this game
is finding a match yeah
and that's true for any multiplayer game
a multiplayer game is only as good as
the people you play with I can't even
get into the steam menu from here the
shift-tab red shift tab right to get to
the steam overlay oh I probably have
disabled because of you know because I
don't want achievements to pop up or
whatever oh are you an offline mode oh
no Bob online online see let's get that
overlay on unless you don't want it on
it's your call
no it's fine fine where do we where is
that steam probably stating is probably
okay you know what I'm gonna say
Highlander - I've seen all I'm very even
I've never even watched all the first
Highlander what I've tried multiple
times and it starts and there's that
Queen music and the wrestling and
already like I'm out and you're already
I'm so the in this is the greatest movie
ever
yeah I think visually it looks ugly I
think I've X true like maybe cuz what is
it there's the wrestling match and then
he's in like the parking lot he fights
somebody there yep and I was like this
looks terrible I always give up I've
tried I've tried multiple times to watch
it and I just can't get into that
Highlander that's fair you know what
that's fair that's fair it should be
enabled right enables steam overlay well
in game okay okay great
rich and it's still not here but why
isn't it here do I need to turn on and
off the game give that a try why not
alright Jay I'm looking for a good
horror movie for Halloween I want
something to scare my pants off
I don't like torture porn and the more
supernatural the less scared I get what
do you got nothing scares me anymore
I'll tell you what made my skin crawl a
little bit as a movie from a few years
ago called Lake Mungo it has a slight
supernatural element to it but it's very
very subtle and low-key and it actually
gave me goosebumps and parts which
movies never do any more Lake Mungo Lake
Mungo that's a really silly name wait is
that the right name alright so how do we
invite people that we have that I got a
look it up make sure I'm thinking of the
right movie
all right like junk head it says like
Mungo is good yes I'm thinking in the
right movie okay that's very very suck
kill your friends which to me is
creepier okay I think that's a fine
recommendation and it's one that not a
lot of people have seen I could
recommend the Exorcist or whatever but
everybody's seen it alright
how are we inviting people huh I guess
they should have to be playing this game
they probably have to be playing this
game so if you are friends with me on
Steam which a lot of people are start
playing oh there we go there's a dead by
daylight one one I just shows you people
that have the game well this is how
showing all of my friends who are online
right now you've got a lot of friends
Jeff I have a well they're digital if
you have this game on the steams this is
the time to turn the game on come and
play with us we need someone to play
well we need more players games twenty
bucks you get to have you get to be
killed by Jay balban no you paid 20
bucks for this I tried to talk him out
of it no we paid more we paid $26
because we wanted the the Michael Myers
the Michael Myers DLC I'm so sorry
yeah you know right I it's a business
expense oh yeah there you go
so no my god just one yeah just give him
a second let's see here rich while we
wait Star Trek question for the ACE I
assume you're the ACE just finished a
binge-watch of the original series
movies and this time I noticed that tud
Sulu and Kirk are never in the same room
is that because shat and Takei hate each
other it could be I don't know I don't
know if they I don't know if they really
hated each other until recently Shatner
didn't go to his wedding
oh yeah that was fairly recent yeah that
seems like a dick move oh you know what
they're all busy people sound like they
were split like like they're a small
group of friends you don't want to be
boys fusing block
you didn't go to me boys he hadn't he
had a reason for that though Danny
wasn't there like something that he he
couldn't get out of I thought I heard
something about that
hi but that's the thing is like those
guys start in a TV show 60 years ago
127 years ago they don't all have to be
best friends they're alive
well I got we got two people great are
we waiting for other people to find and
join us here or what yeah give him a
couple minutes couple more minutes
what it's probably more like moment just
thinking about how an actual television
show is produced is they were just
scheduled to film on different days and
that's how they kept costs down because
you know if you're if you're filming you
know one actor one day you don't want
the other actors you don't want to have
to pay the other actors just to hang out
and wait around I could tell you this
much at the time that were filming TOS I
don't think Sulu had that much clout oh
no he's like a bad he's a glorified
extra for the most part is the original
series was all Kurt McCoy and Scott
right right the other one else is
basically just set dressing right and so
that's one that's why I'm saying is like
okay we'll have the stasi in one day and
then everyone else another day so yeah
the stars can go home that's their day
off that's the day off Jay the really
the real van says you should check out
the bridge partner a short film just out
on Vimeo stars a drink
oh we Beth Grant Sharon Lawrence and
Robert Frost I know who Beth Grant is
okay it's written by Peter s beagle rich
he wrote CEREC on TNG yeah you've made a
short movie on great okay it's called
the bridge partner okay oh we got
another one oh no but she's gone look
she got too spooked she's too scared
I joined from oh and apparently you can
join from the prereq group Oh begging
you back the prereq group oh I think
we're ready
oh now for all of those who are going to
play no cheating
you can't see where J is cuz I then
they'll just know where to go well I
guess they'll see you like a 30 seconds
after you're there so that might just be
confusing for them okay you ready
alright go ahead what no wait wait
alright I gotta figure out how to play
now that might be helpful you can do it
Jay I believe in you also keep in mind
that Jay is not gonna know how to play
so if you know even I use the remote the
controller has so many fucking things on
it so so I have fun escaping Michael
Myers he's gonna be the lamest Michael
Myers of since Halloween six listen if
maybe one of you couldn't let Jay kill
you I think that my boat booster his
confidence a little bit just one it
doesn't you can't you know that you guys
can still win just let him meet hook one
of you okay Michael Myers doesn't meet
hook people get tonight okay okay so
remember you're looking for like
scratches in the grass what's the left
trigger do it's a stalk what happens
when you hit that I don't know all right
what is it doing you get drunk Oh vision
oh you got some kind of census that
you're right
oh that way there there's a guy there's
a guy
boom bottom way to go where'd it go oh
you missed Mike Myers you suck
jump Mike Myers Michael Myers wait now
you got to pick him up a meat hook them
do you have to do that I think so I
think it'd be cool how he's not dead yet
how do you pick him up right bumper Jay
doesn't know what a right bumper is what
above the right trigger
no that's oh there we go yeah I was
gonna say I tried that right there where
you're right the red glowing thing to
your right yeah what do you see that
it's like through the trees oh oh I
think you meant like okay yeah yeah okay
meat hook meat hook
thank you for letting Jake kill you now
what do I do
it's face the meat hook getting funny
well there's another prison all right
wait wait can I get her hanging right
button to hang
no no what happened she she smacked you
in the face oh you punk
kids I got yo did you run away he got
away but I slashed him in touch that's
why the meat hooks are important this is
bullshit I kind of like it I think this
is a great idea for a game I'd look
forward to the Friday the 13th one yeah
maybe that'll get a little more
community support it's gonna be as fun
as this one
dunt dunt dunt oh right there you're
right you're right you're right that way
that way that one oh my god they're all
over there all over that's all right
there they're setting up generators that
will Oh Oh scratch marks then they go to
dead-end oh go get um Michael Myers oh
this is spooky oh oh that's it spooky
dead-end you've been thwarted by a
combine
I'm so enthralled by what was going on I
over poured my damn drink oh and now I'm
stupid just now just now
hey yo where is everybody for probably
escaping hey captain dan is one of you I
think I know one you just want a meat
hook oh okay that way is there a button
to run Oh
yeah come here fuckos damn it I don't
pick up right butter right over the over
the right trigger the one over the right
trigger oh there we go alright now my
Needham I see you on up ahead
great oh oh there's one right there and
how do I get it on there right button to
hang it when you're close to it yeah
fucking die head in the barn and when
they come to get him down you know what
to do extra killed him do they get him
down those fuckers are fast any openings
though right but again it likes using
that right button yes I doubt anyone's
hiding in these but check
Oh
find the exit there to the exit
Wow I thought that was a person why does
it look like daytime in the studio I
don't know we don't have very many
lights on we actually shut off the light
yeah no there's nobody around well
they're all at an exit wherever that is
oh they're scratch marks over that way
nope oh damn it where'd they go
so you're right that way you gotta get
the hang of turning well I also gotta
get the hang of which oh no do they hit
me what
oh yeah there's something blocking your
way damn it
oh yes I don't remember which buttons to
hit to do it right so that makes it
difficult Jack you and rich should play
the rump game again
oh the rump game level again for two
hours with Jayde no whoa whoa you're the
killer I don't think you're allowed to
leave no we're not gonna play the rump
game again we're done with that game is
that oh yeah for the presidential oh oh
sure wish I could run well you're the
killer
I guess yeah Michael Myers doesn't run
killers don't know where they go oh you
hit a tree
ah yeah I think this person's fuckin
with entirely possible wait there we go
fuck with me there we go stab you and
get stuck behind a pile of hay I think
they got away oh no they got out sure
damn it no no we're not playing the rump
game ever ever again get down there yeah
ACA it has to get close enough and then
the little button prompt comes up hold
it hey I want to do it it won't do
anything I can't even move you broke it
Gabe broke it oh wow it's movin when the
things on the screen that says hang not
so minute it's quite possible this
broken game is broken it's yeah it gets
to a certain position and then it just
stops right different look try to run
all right go ahead glaze damn it hey
won't let me leave this one yeah you
dumb game okay there we go this person's
gonna get away that's one right there
I think they got away oh dear it that
was that wasn't my fault the thing
glitched the game is cheated all that
chi-chi's thinks there's a thing there
you go now they're halfway across the Oh
doesn't mean I didn't get a victory I
know that that's great that's great
Oh apparently the person disconnected
that was not a glitch oh oh okay so you
know maybe their internet went out then
yeah then the game said you can't hook
anyone you don't have anyone money in
your game and you still had someone not
my fault that I sucked at least this
time return to the lobby hey Jane yeah
what's the best movie you've seen this
year I watched the invitation recently
and thought it was good the invitations
okay my favorite movie this year is the
witch the bitch by far the village do
you do you want to try this again Jane
yeah all right now that I'm kind of
starting to get the hang of it a little
bit sort of all right so we just waiting
for people to join last night was
another work yeah and they did
eventually the way the witch and Swiss
Army man have you watched that yet
oh no oh sorry man all have things to
say about both of those in the future
how can they join Jack through the we
have a previously recorded steam group
okay if you're part of the previously
recorded steam group that you can join
okay
and so search for previously recorded
steam group if you own the game dead by
daylight dead by daily you also need to
have the game dead by daylight I thought
I thought I thought that was pretty
obvious
no I'm being a professional you know
lisa is a big Harry Potter fan yeah and
so I was trying to talk her into
watching Swiss Army man and she watched
the trailer and Swiss Army man for
anyone who doesn't know has Daniel
Radcliffe in it hair aka Harry Potter he
saw her as a corpse with a boner who
farts yes his boner functions as a
compass and see to me I'm so sold just
on that premise along and so Anna but
you know it's you want you to find
things to watch you gotta go hey this
got Daniel Radcliffe in it I can
guarantee if she watches that she will
love it okay it's it's a movie with a
lot of hearts and a lot of farts oh I'm
so excited I'm so excited to see it it's
it's really really good and the best
thing about it and this is about like I
would say this about the witch and a
bunch of other movies is here is that
dr. fector this is like the second time
Jay has used a controller if you knew
your Isaac himself with the controls
will not help that's true oh but I yeah
a lot of movies is here that feel like
somebody's vision like somebody had an
idea and they made a movie about that
idea which is a nice kind of breath of
fresh air it's it's it's so strange that
that is the quaint concept yeah you're
like oh oh yeah this person had had a
vision filmmakers can just do that they
don't have to be big studio pictures
with eight different producers maybe try
to invite someone again Richard what
maybe try to invite someone again
nevermind
we're good oh there's a dart ready oh I
had to click ready with them okay yeah I
won't let me we just need to do that
follow up Star Trek question rich hey
have you ever read the webcomic chief
O'Brien at work nope
it details the thoughts of O'Brien as he
stands by the transporter controls all
day he'd like to have beer oh yeah yeah
so chief O'Brien that's where he's some
crazy things go on around here but my
job is right here at the transporter I
hit the button I hope I never get
wrapped up in the kind of issues these
Yahoo's get wrapped up in that's what
chief O'Brien I can anything it off this
enterprise I'm getting a transfer to
Deep Space nine nice safe space station
all right Jay you gotta find some
people's two kills
you're right
Oh let's see here hey guys as tired and
sansa with the constant repetitiveness
of The Walking Dead
basic plot lines every season reveal
that zombie stories are inherently
limited in their narrative styles
they're not limited that show is limited
with its writing right there jj-just is
correct super all the time
zombies can be an avatar for just about
anything as far as like social
commentary and issues go yep
and the Walking Dead is boring as fuck
yep I have not cared to watch the season
premiere because I don't care about
those characters anymore that they've
gone through too many arcs they those
characters are complete in slash mothers
three of them get them all no I didn't
even slash that guy hey yeah get him on
a hook don't forget don't forget him to
a nearby one they'll just find him good
slash them there's another person too
yeah fuck you next person next person
turn around somebody's gonna go to
rescue her yep killer killer well damn
it come here mom jeans who do you think
you are those are just 70s jeans not a
sarahvani jeans Oh what happened they
run away so yeah like I like that your
ear can I get out of my my like where I
can actually see myself and not just be
my point of view no probably not
I prefer that I don't like it's harder
if we did like visualize visualize yeah
space would you rather play as a victim
no no one I hacked people so what you're
saying is if I understand you read that
you just want to kill our fans yeah yes
but more importantly he wants to watch
Michael Myers kill fans yeah it was more
to do with Michael Myers than anything
you want to watch the killer now go oh
you fucker I don't know how to get in
there windows are hard that's what we
learned at the via the tutorial trying
but I was in the wrong but the button
above the trigger our legs were in my
face Oh is Dirk gently's show on uh it
is I have not watched I have not seen it
I I guess here you know what here no no
does she get away yeah oh god damn it
that be right now I have a kind of a
thing going with max landis I have not
seen any of his movies particles good
ironical vehicles for like I've heard
good things about Chronicle just haven't
gotten around to seeing it oh there you
are again
it's always you
we're not winning a window again because
she's the distraction while they're
setting up all the generators Oh button
but I like I like Dirk gently's holistic
detective oh you can see the book I've
heard the series is not very close to
the book but I have not watched it oh
I'm not gonna go after that person
anymore
she's bugging me what no I don't just
I'm trying I'm not good at this
no I know damn it I I mean I I enjoyed
the intellectual I enjoy the property I
don't know if I would like the actual
series but well maybe we'll give it a
try maybe we'll give it a try let's see
here
do you consider Night of the Living Dead
well made in 68 to be the last of the
classic black and white of the last of
the black classic black and white film
era I love it it has lots I love it a
lot was the first black of my I feel my
son got me more into psycho and the
universal classics I would say it's not
the last of something I would say it's
the beginning of the modern horror age
it's in black and white but it's
incredibly gruesome and cynical and dark
in a way that the older films weren't
all right I like it I guess you could
call it like a bridge between the two
sure sure
now using the technology of all but in
the style of the new yeah great
disgraceful defeat you going again Jake
I want to say that Michael Myers looks
sad there I'll go one more time maybe
you want try I would have tried yeah
well give it a try I'll give it one more
chance
a Farren's would like to say J thanks
for the Dawn of the Dead review I never
knew it was a Zack Snyder film as it
felt like a movie instead of two-hour
long trailer shot collection I think
best movie so far it's definitely his
best movie I had I had so many issues
with that movie mostly because and I
probably told the story a million times
on streams using stock you can mark
survivors and they will stand out later
oh okay they that's not useful
I saw Zack Snyder's Dawn of the Dead
remake in theaters and like I enjoyed it
well enough like yeah that's fine it's
fine movie and then I bought the
director's cut DVD and before the movie
played a little exact Snyder popped up
and goes I'm so glad I got to make my
director's cut
this is truer to my vision of the film
end and this cut is a more personal cut
and it was just like a minute and a half
more of longer sex scene is the only
difference
that seems appropriate for Zack Snyder
though right something completely dumb
in Cotuit Asst yeah yeah but it just
made me it just made me hate him that's
where my hate of him started still his
best movie though I do like Watchmen by
the a300 I've actually never seen 300
interest what is that that's the thing
oh great it's a thing 300 is a movie
that makes sense with his style yeah
where it's it's over the top it's action
it's so it's such a simple story where
he can't fuck up anybody's character
you're saying you should stick to Frank
Miller stories he should yes he needs to
stick with dumb and simple I wouldn't
call watch him and um I wouldn't call
watching
his movie good well I'm talking about
Watchmen the the story is not dumb and
simple right and I think he did a bad
job oh I thought you were defending
Watchmen oh no no sorry are you talking
about that 300 is right boys the red
arrows like off of the side yeah
the 300 is dumbest in both nice and he
did a good job there when he tries to
tackle something more complicated you
can't don't done oh that bitch that was
great though I bet you fuckers are long
three hundred is good at three hundred
is not like a masterpiece by by any
stretch but it's good I'll defend 300
probably right in there oh nice after I
slashed someone like I can't walk for a
moment yes no one is deliberate well
that's annoying
that's to balance they can't make you
too powerful Michael Myers I just keep
stabbing he wouldn't stop after he
slashes someone all right this is this
isn't this isn't very believable no
wrong franchise oh shit
they'll never let them use Jason now oh
no they're doing their own version of
this game well with with awesome kills
this doesn't seem to have that yeah they
might they might get the they might get
it right if they spend some more time on
it they got a whole nother year now not
a year I think it comes out like early
next year
oh okay they're not waiting they they're
just they deleted just so they could do
the single-player version oh okay
I think that's the only thing that there
because they realize that the
multiplayer isn't going to be any fun
yeah unless it must it you have this
support unless people are playing it
where do they do yes I realize that that
people that watch a lot of horror movies
don't want to interact with other people
where are these people I don't know how
am I supposed to reckon up
right there right at that one generator
that you're turning away from I'm going
her I have to go around a thing oh
they're all sure they're all there in
the closet in the closet oh my god no I
see Hey got him come here yellow pants
your pants are mine now they get away oh
yeah I still have I can't see that's why
I wish I could see what I was doing
because I can't tell if I still have the
person will check the menus maybe there
might be a third person view option
doubtful though where is all the hooks
that's one right there there's a glow
there the darker glowing red ones like
to your right where are they the ones
right probably right behind you waiting
to immediately rescue his friend it'd be
my guess yeah get them get them
can I put him on the same hook no damn
it
do I have the person I can't tell oh I
don't have one you got one oh yeah I do
okay just to hook Jake it to a hook this
that's what you got to do this is
frustrating well that person got off the
hook that's if you sacrifice someone
come on yes for the next round you will
start a new Lobby to a lot of other
people to get in and also if you have
plays of this foul out as is our usual
rule that guy's definitely dead our
usual rule is if you play with us once
you bow out give someone else a turn but
yeah we'll create a new lobby there you
go J you're doing it you're finally
being the murderer you always wanted to
be it's working oh hey J John 3 would be
a great subject for an RL on commentary
track I have not seen it since I was a
little kid it's incredibly underrated in
how awful it is it's the ugliest of the
series worst creature effects and 80
slasher film level acting so jaws 3 keep
that in the back your brain yeah after
you watch it I rewatched jaws 2 somewhat
recently really it's essentially a
slasher movie an 80 slash of a Joe the
shark all the characters are like
teenagers from like a Friday the 13th
movie and the shark is essentially a
slasher it's interesting it's not great
but I got Roy Scheider back at least
yeah
and John tin says thanks for the
entertaining evening for every new
commentary with you guys release I will
get a portrait tattoo of an rlm member I
really like commentary I don't believe
you that sounds like a bad idea now hey
you damn it
they're gonna be going in circles what
they go oh damn it you know I would also
like like some more attack options you
got yeah that's it hey it's just
frustrating that it makes me like stop
movie and after trying to slash once so
annoying pretty good they're coming
around the back knocked I was gone that
was exciting that was exciting any
circle you failed but it was exciting
yeah maybe it's just cuz I'm not used to
playing this type of controller but yeah
are these type of games but I find it
more frustrating than anything sure yeah
that's that's just one of those gaming
things I would have to get used to it
other characters have other options like
Chainsaw charge and end of whatnots yeah
that would be nice
that would be nice thank you cos prefer
letting us know anonymous says hey guys
my wife
RINs birthday is this Friday any chance
I could get her a birthday call-out a
spooky birthday from Jay would make her
day Jake would you say happy birthday to
Rin happy birthday whoo
rich ruined it by saying slash so now if
you wanted to like just have her listen
to that part alright well we'll do this
again I apologize I apologize for being
rich Evans I can't do it again no no
you're ruining it right now it's part of
it
Oh Jay come on I mean I physically can't
do it again that person is dead I got
two of them
nope I heard a locker door
someone's hiding maybe maybe not I like
it so exciting or not it's maybe not
that is happening that seemed right but
I just didn't see a locker oh he's on
yeah get that beanie so they get for
wearing a beanie right damn you your
only weakness
doors are windows and doors a fairy his
doors that's just me and my dad gaming
skills any sort of egress you know the
dead pigs are a nice touch just adds a
little atmosphere that's a little
atmosphere to the whole thing
Titan said uh what are your thoughts on
the freakin amazing trailer for Logan oh
it looks great yeah we very good I was
shocked
it's like oh wow it looks like they're
doing something different with it yeah I
guess it's gonna be his last last
Wolverine last Wolverine why not yeah
yeah I'm like need the semi
post-apocalyptic kind of future look to
it mm-hmm
and like sad dying old Patrick Stewart
yeah like it's great yeah you know old
man Logan is a fun character usually
usually like old man Logan it like he
doesn't heal as fast and so he's
actually like a bit of an underdog well
that's that's what seems like I gathered
from that trailer it looks like his
healing powers aren't working anymore
yep or not as well please which is nice
like the the movies the movies haven't
been nice to Logan has an underdog like
in in the comic books
the reason he's called Wolverine is
because he is small and vicious and so
he gets scrappy
he's scrappy he gets pounded a lot in
the movies I don't think he gets beaten
as much as he should so when I want to
see I want to see old man Logan get the
it get his ass kicked
actually no people anywhere where is
everybody
oh I hope they're leavin right there no
I think we talked about this on us
dammit yeah anything yeah talked about
this on Sunday a little bit I do wonder
if there the movie has x-23 in it who is
you know basically girl Wolverine and I
do wonder if they will continue some
sort of Wolverine series with her yes
that's why they're putting her in it so
they can make more movies yep that's
what I'm gonna present it nice
yeah the little girl is x-22 at least I
assume she's excellent for you she's
just like you Logan
just like you look can I just kill him
my stamina enough time come on die you
wouldn't the minute I leave she's gonna
get off of there yeah it doesn't matter
how many times I stab her huh well we
should definitely put that to the test
let's yeah look wait look around is
someone trying to help her
oh you fucker
there you go that's what it was slash
there we go that's what it was hate when
I can't slash proper trigger a bigger a
bigger god damn it you fucker I see you
well put on a hook first and then go and
get that Biddy go get that Biddy
she was she was taking advantage of your
lack of gaming knowledge JM I know Jake
can't see too well that's what's
frustrating it's the not being able to
see what's going on around me I don't
like it
all right not bad I don't want to kill a
couple people you killed like three
people this time good yeah let's try one
no charge take a look at the video
options rich see if you can like either
get a wider field of view or go into
third-person perspective
I doubt oh pardon me I doubt it but
we're trying it new people in here yeah
also leave the lobby and then and then
start a new lobby
Lina starting woman yeah all right that
sounds fine back I know my shirt blends
into the wall a little bit I have an
over shirt but it got hot in here and
now it's getting a little chilly so I
might put my over shirt on get chilly
I'm still warm I'm getting chilly I'm
there yet yeah Logan looks good no I
don't see an option for it now oh there
you go
it's fine it's fine for me I don't mind
everything's fine everything's fine I'm
excited to see some blood in a goddamn
Wolverine movie yeah did you watch the
international trailer no there's only
like one shot different from the u.s.
trailer and it makes all the difference
oh is that where he puts his clothes
there's someone's fucking head yeah okay
I saw that image I think the trailer for
it's it's towards the end of the trailer
nice fucking nice so how do people find
the scape if you go to the previously
recorded steam page we have a we have
our own steam page go to the previously
recorded steam cure curator page or
whatever it's called and if you're part
of the previously recorded group you can
find us playing the game right now and
join you also should probably own the
game or else coming and joining us to
play the game would be impossible I'll
be playing with the controller just had
a convenience right now for one it's a
/er ER so I don't think aiming is too
important yeah what's the knife is it
just a
the knife is the rights that one yeah
the BOK okay whatever that's called
trigger the trigger let's trigger and
the bumper bumper okay bumper does just
about everything else that right bumper
let's say you pick people up I'm so
obsessed with the overwatch I started
using the term overshirt which is not a
real term is it over shirt an undershirt
and Andover sure no one ever says over
shirt people who say undershirt though
so it makes sense that they're being
over shirt but I don't think anybody
says that what about what else would you
call that your shirt shirt yeah but
sometimes you have an undershirt under
your shirt but I've you don't need that
you don't need to qualify it over shirt
because the undershirt is the one that's
qualified yeah sure sure and then what's
under the shirt in the context if you
have wearing an undershirt and then a
shirt over that and then you have like a
third shirt yeah
then you're getting into over shirt
territory or is it just two undershirts
that's the important question it's a
good question like what if I was wearing
a shirt over my button-up shirt and I
had it like tied around my neck hmm
that's my oh that's my Cape shirt my
over cape I say over shirt makes sense
that's fine because well he's gonna say
like oh I could go put on a shirt but
I'm already wearing a shirt a secondary
shirt a vestigial shirt waiting waiting
get one for one warm waiting for one
more that's right old third shirt
packard here yeah oh man oh sure it's
someone left and someone came up have
you guys seen the American scream oh
yeah cool little documentary on home
hunters yeah he used to be on Netflix I
don't know if it still is oh that's a
lovely documentary the Americans scream
yeah made by the same people that did
best worst movie the documentary about
relative sure sure
neat yeah it's good if we talked about
Monster Squad at all all the time yeah
all the time every day
we did have an epic screening a Monster
Squad at Jack's house a couple years ago
it was a double feature of Monster Squad
and frozen which is a real place that
really happened
Jack was like none of you guys have seen
frozen come on watch frozen and I was
like none of you have seen Monster Squad
let's just combine these two and watch
them in the same night that was a great
night
Monster Squad is one of those movies
that could really use an update yeah I I
have a fondness for Monster Squad just
because I grew up with it yeah it's not
a great movie no but most of the Vaught
of the monsters in it don't do anything
related to what kind of monster they are
like at one point Dracula throws up like
a pipe bomb into a treehouse right or no
it's dynamite he has like a stick of
dynamite he's tracking look thrown
around dynamite and then and then all of
a sudden for no apparent reason
it's a buddy cop movie for like 15
minutes yeah and then back to the
monster Shane black it was like I'm
writing this can I please put it in a
buddy cop team I'm contractually
obligated to insert some sort of buddy
cop just briefly just for a couple
scenes in every movie that's why Iron
Man 3 eventually he teams up with Rhodey
yeah and you know it turns into a buddy
cop fun goodtime adventure but yeah
Monster Squad was a fun oh you're in
like a neighborhood
Oh try that smart you're right oh oh
that was a taunt rich I just on the
check yeah when he does that when he
throws the dynamite in the hood Tree
Hill so he's walking away he goes
meeting adjourned what does that even
mean in this context
oh Dracula Dracula with the one-liners
what does he say that a little girl
you bitch or calls our counters he calls
her a bitch is that it yeah it's like
you fucking little bitch it's a very
vulgar movie for a kids movie yeah yeah
well no and I never understood they have
to like the whole thing is a virgin has
to save a spell that'll open up the
portal to send the monsters back yeah
and they're like we got to find a virgin
all those kids are virgins
they're all like 12 years old right I
don't think they I don't think they
maybe they're trying to imply that it
has to be a female because it's
originally the one kids older sister and
it turns out she's not a virgin
she says she's only with her boyfriend
and that doesn't count your brother's
like doesn't count so then they have the
tiny little girl they can't even read
yet they have her do it
I guess the implication is that it has
to be feet a female but they do so you
don't really specify that oh nice wrench
this person is hardcore fucking with you
no and chat of course I would have seen
frozen I have children I have seen
frozen so many times Jack just let it go
just let it go let it go like I've seen
frozen so I've now seen frozen and
Zootopia so many times I get the inga in
the in jokes they have frozen jokes in
Zootopia it's not even the same company
though is it
yeah oh it is Zootopia Disney yeah yes
thinking it wasn't for some reason it is
not there's a part where interests Elba
as the water buffalo says life is not a
happy musical so let it go
and it's funny and and it's funny and
the same voice actor that that voice is
the the bad guy from frozen Wiesel and
they call him weasel he voices a weasel
in Zootopia Wow they say listen here
Wiesel and it goes hey it's weasel or
weaselton that's what it is
weselton and a weaselton weselton
oh no I will not be doing a review on
frozen or Zito not gonna happen
mostly because I've seen them enough I
don't need an excuse to see them again
I don't know rich I think I think this
one's distracting you while the others
get stuff done possibly but then all the
better I kill this one damn it
kik-kik Dracula in the nard now he kick
wolf man in the nards
he doesn't have nerds
BAM wolf man's got nerds nerds I saw
that movies so buddy goddamn times as a
kid
nerds isn't a real word that's not it is
anyone has ever called testicles a
Monster Squad they do only in Monster
Squad that's fine that makes it a thing
as too many fucking hiding places sir I
have a like a record single of the rap
for Monster Squad their app at the end
of the movie it's pretty great all right
I think they're coming out with a fold
the full soundtrack album eventually but
they put out this just that rap song
dirt it's like a probe oh oh great I
mean of course you do I mean of course
you do
J I recently got the secret history of
Twin Peaks and enjoyed it quite a bit
did you have seen red what is that it's
a book I've not it's a book by Mark
Frost I haven't read it yet I'll try and
pick it up before the show starts fair
warning the majority of the content has
little to do with the major TV
characters now okay but there's no fun
in weird okay I've heard mixed things
about it I've heard some people say it's
kind of boring so I'm sure I'll read it
eventually that one
that one guy's says Lance hunter it
seems like whenever I shoot videos that
always seem to have really bad
background a hum in the audio any
recommendations to capture cleaner audio
using a shotgun mic plugged into my DSLR
get a better mic maybe it could be a
better mind you can't filter that audio
to a certain degree it could be your
DSLR DSLRs are not meant for audio
recording so maybe getting some sort of
secondary audio recorder like a zoom and
synchronize audio and video in post
there's some sort of adapters like I
don't have a lot of experience with
DSLRs but there's an adapter you can get
to right where it's like the mic goes
into that and then that goes into the
camera and I think you're supposed to
get cleaner audio that way I think yeah
oh yeah well and just to get a shotgun
into there you know it's like shotgun
two XLR XLR like goes through a minimum
jack or whatever right yeah so it could
be one of your cables it could be your
microphone it could be the DSLR there
are so many things you can do to clean
up your audio i I highly recommend a
standalone audio recording device I
would say with a DSLR yeah even even
like the zoom h1 which is just has a
little is like you know as big as a
pencil
No
no doubt oh why are their palates
everywhere there's two old got one
jack is a fellow father will you please
defend my decision to say my daughter is
19 months old not 1 year old no no
that's dumb at 19 months you know you're
closer to a year and a half that's how
after you hit a year you can't say
months anymore what did you go away yeah
wasn't near um
that's my personal preference I was
nowhere near a damn hook 19 months a
year and a half
I've heard at 18 months it stops I I've
never been fond of that mostly because
it's harder to it's harder to keep track
if you do months
yeah all right on crappy wine excellent
call yeah I drank one of your pumpkin
beers so I restart with some Oktoberfest
it's very tasty
apparently I'm shitty at this oh you are
rich better than me get good if you
could I guess it doesn't mean much to
say you're better than me
hey guys says top ramens & J love the
new review down of the Dead will there
be a new commentary out soon I think we
talked about that earlier there will be
eventually eventually is the answer
there was going to be one for Dawn of
the Dead but it was decided it would be
better to do it as a review that's a
two-hour movie and there's long
stretches where there's not a whole lot
to talk about and it's not a movie
that's easy to get like it's not a veil
for streaming anywhere that is the
surprising part to me the DVDs and
blu-rays are out of print you can still
find them but it's not super easily
accessible mm-hmm as far as I could tell
the stocking isn't even really doing
anything well they did so now hit stock
what happens I slow down then he gets
away oh that's lame that's weird
what was the purpose I don't know I'm
sorry
that's very bizarre
Oh what does that do though like why
does it just let you listen to the
Halloween theme for a second
oh you stabbed differently that time Oh
make that stronger
that wasn't a slash that was it was a
stand was a stab oh oh the one stabbed
all right all right all right when the
stalking meter fills up you can one-shot
them okay okay that's the that's okay
well hey we're fitting I gotta get to
the hook out god dammit hope you guys
get him oh that's the world's oh that
bitch that Vinnie's been taunting you
get around the hook get her on the hook
yeah take that
oh you don't like it do you like it
I love the noises she's making yeah yeah
just throw him up on there then already
get away no no I used to fine let's see
here juju bean says hi J and the other
two I just had a midterm for my film
class earlier today and that left me
feeling terrible and wondering if a film
major is even worth it because I felt
like that all the time I did when I was
in film school and then and then I
stopped film school and I felt better
which isn't a recommendation it depends
on what you want out of film school
mm-hmm and what film school you're going
to Wow that hook still there
but yeah yeah
what are the weird spider-like things
that are on the meathook like what is
that
wow that's like your it says you're
sacrificing them
oh so that's some to a demon maybe
that's a demon it looks like like
Starship Troopers alien I would say that
doesn't feel appropriate for the
Halloween series but this isn't really a
Halloween games and I get it J thoughts
on the lobster um I liked it
I think I need to watch it again uh-huh
it was very I like the first half a lot
more than the second half but I
understand that they're meant to kind of
parallel each other so I need to
re-watch it my first first thought after
I watched it was I think I liked that
huh there's a little much to take it at
once but I liked the really rich a
really dry sense of humor that's what
you get for taunting you liked the dry
sense it's very very dry
where's the nurse Rooke a couple more
variations and grunting sounds he
garnered snarf cha-cha-cha charger oh
wow what was that what what is that what
the hell I wonder what that thing was
does he jump into oh you got a petty
victory whatever that means
the please consider playing the lurking
horror
it's a classic infocomm text adventure
with a Lovecraftian horror theme it's
not too hard and it fits into the
holiday season and it's free you fucks
we already paid for this one so it's all
you it's kind of free cuz we already
paid for it what did you say that's not
how that works but oh no rich tried
being a different killer I'll die to
leave here to do it
no you click on the little face down
there just because I want to see like
maybe you get different powers well
that's how you invite people oh that's
how you invite people uh open menu open
menus I do it well
next match okay that's fine whatever
I didn't care anyway
let's see here
as Lisa or anyone else read Harry Potter
and the methods of rationality it's a
great fanfiction with the premise that
Harry was raised by loving parents who
taught him science no I recently asked
me the new fantastic beasts and where to
find them as good as coming out
relatively soon I think and at least as
a big fan of the Harry Potter books we
saw the movies and I was like as a fan
do you have any interest in this and she
goes I think I saw trailer once no she
still cared I saw the trailer for it I
didn't know what it was when I saw the
trailer I was like this looks like a
harry potter ripoff and then it gets the
onion here a couple bits of the Harry
Potter music yeah I was like oh is it
related to Harry Potter like I didn't
know what it was so I think a general
audience that maybe because is it books
too or is it just movie it's I believe
it's a book - okay I don't I think a
general audience that maybe didn't read
the books and it's just familiar with
the movies yeah is this gonna be
confused
like I was are we waiting for one more
person to enter this game I believe you
oh you have to click ready - well it
wasn't like threes oh are we waiting for
one more well yes I guess we aren't wait
a little bit I'll give it a couple
minutes it was a hat minute or two game
is called dead by daylight okay
apparently there are hatches and when
the exit is open you can go down the
hatch is what carlito caribbean cool
says where we are playing the Sun the
steams on the steams and if you go to
the previously recorded steam page you
can play with us just a movie not a book
okay great oh it's not even a book okay
great
great I guess no but I'd like I don't
know like if fans really care about this
because you know there's no Harry Potter
say he was the protagonist right there's
the people that invested in the universe
in the Harry Potter I mean maybe they
are I never I'm not into it so I don't
know but but you you would think like a
spin-off movie like what's wrong Weasley
doing share something more directly
connected right yeah if I just couldn't
get any of those actors back well
they're all too old now right like you
don't wanna see him as adults uh I would
love to see Hermione as badass which
doing something cool I don't know well
I'm not I'm not so sure anybody else is
going to join at this point well then
just click ready and say alright do it
see if you do it great I know I know I
know
great have you guys filmed the Halloween
best of the worst yet and r.i.p no we're
gonna do it we're gonna do it on what
October 30th you stay up all night
editing you think you can get that done
it should only take a couple hours to
edit yeah investor the worst is super
simple
I mean J it's just us watching movies in
Sagra few people are worried there isn't
going to be a Halloween episode because
we had an episode and come up this month
there will be but if you realize that
the month of October is not over yet so
but have we filmed it yet we're filming
it on the 30th we're prepared though
like we have our that we have almost all
the movies picked out we're still
working on a couple of almost all the
movies picked out
it's a book within the ball look at that
what you have the same pumpkin from the
credits it is style and a sign out front
said strode Realty so this is and that's
them I think this is yeah that's the
main theme level this is actually the
little neighborhood from the movie yeah
and not quite Illinois in Henfield
California thanks rich I like what
you're doing here sees a person running
them one way it goes the other come here
Biddy
oh you're um you know circles nice one
right they get her once
is this a fun game I'll ask the two who
have played it uh alright so far I
played it like one level oh yeah this is
the second level I've once get nowhere
near hook I really like the concept of
the game I could I could see it after
like maybe 10 hours of matches getting
very same II you know no cherry oh got
away
fantastic beasts is a textbook from the
Harry Potter universe so it is quite
literally a book within a book now that
nothing can make me care yeah I just
don't care like Harry Potter I put up
with the movies you know like the movies
are fine my relationship with the movies
is that I saw I don't think I saw the
first two okay but every one after that
I saw him the theater and then the next
after seeing each like I would see one
and then the next day I would have come
forgot everything about it was like all
that was entertaining and then it just
left my brain I have no connection to
the Harry Potter world sure I liked I
think it's the third one where there's
the werewolf yeah I thought visually
that one was really good because it was
elfonzo korone that was the only one
that has any lasting impression on me
hmm oh there you go I think that was the
one which ends with Harry Potter it ends
on a still frame of Harry Potter riding
his broomstick and it's like a
freeze-frame because we got a new broom
and he's really happy and it ended on a
freeze frame of him like riding his
broom and super happy and least it goes
I think that was kind of cheesy how they
ended the movie and I said you mean the
movie about the little boy wizard and
because that's what it's a movie about
how can they not escape my grip when
I've put them down is there a way to
have that not happen
I don't know I will watch chat and see
if they have any ideas they don't have
any ideas all right how saddened are you
that Oh a bowl has announced his
retirement from filmmaking I don't care
right he has this reputation as being
one of the worst filmmakers yeah because
his first few movies were terrible like
funny bad like House of the Dead and
alone in the dark but then he made some
movies that weren't at least technically
fine he's not a horrible horrible
filmmaker he's just kind of a weird
horrible person so I don't care I don't
even know that much I don't know if I've
ever seen that you eyeballed movie yeah
Babel House of the Dead is pretty funny
okay that movies terrible I feel like
he's more well known for being a
personality then and no one knows any of
his movies aside from the first like
three heat it up he's made of ton of
them he did postal he did rampage he's
done a bunch of different stuff he did
like a movie about Darfur like you're
like things you would not expect from
him sure cuz all anyone thinks about
when they think of him is House of the
Dead
that's a good scream okay that's great
evening rich J and bald Tobey Maguire
haha just kidding no Jack it's time to
compliment whoever edited the rogue one
trailer analysis 6000 387 lol picked my
tack that was Mike they go time wizard
says Ken Star Trek first contact quality
qualify as a zombie flag must the thing
be technically a zombie movie for it to
be a zombie flick what are there zombies
in it
that's the question if there are zombies
in it then yeah it's a zombie movie
what's but Star Trek first contact does
not have zombies in it oh because like
the Borg are look kind of like no the
boys all the Borg are completely
different thing than the zombies the
Borg is a hive mind of intelligence I
guess they have similar themes of losing
humanity but they're not zombies but
they're not zombies
oh if they are if you watch the first
contact any sane first contact they are
zombies they've ruined the Borg by
turning them basically into zombies yes
oh maybe it's been a while since I've
seen would you consider that a zombie
movie
they don't they're technically I think
they're still supposed to be a hive mind
they don't behave that way they behave
like zombies think I think I'd like a
queen they're like pawns the Queen tells
them what to do zombies don't have
someone telling you what to do so it's
not a zombie movie zombies walking
corpse they infect the crew by like
biting them and it spreads rapidly but
they still have someone that's
controlling them yes
yeah not zombies
not zombie drones right there worker
bees totally different totally different
movie Minister Jay have you seen in
order of disappearance I think I've ever
even heard of it it's a Norwegian dark
comedy that follows stellan skarsgård as
he kills people for revenge and the
title card keeps track of the body count
I know I'm unaware of this movie Vega
now you know of it I'm gonna sneeze I
just sneezed aah kraab happy spooky ween
lads Jay do you ever storyboard before
you shoot or are you mainly finding
angles on the go have you ever
storyboarded anything yeah this
storyboarded sequences for space cop
stuff for like you know half in the bag
nah no I don't think Leah well maybe
maybe like the Evil Dead episode just
cuz there are so many different shots we
needed to get but in general I mean
that's mostly shot like a sitcom so
there's not a lot to plan out oh yeah
I've storyboard stuff sometimes mm-hmm
pretend like you're gonna go in the
house bridge and they're not gonna jump
off the roof now is this supposed to be
the Michael Myers house it's probably
already out a back window
it's kind of laid out like the Michael
Myers house could be there could be guru
zombies they're still zombies assure if
you have grown hardened to most horror I
have a movie for you okay
it's called wake in fright oh you know
what this is oz Mike right yep the only
name I remember because he's requested
this so many times I watched it maybe a
couple months ago yeah it was just okay
it was fine I don't have any strong
feelings about I'm so sorry but you
finally saw it but I did watch and
finally what I did watch it and it was
okay I don't know how long he's been
requesting that it was okay Jay I mean
listen if you think you have something
that will like startle Jay in the horror
movie genre you need to go in knowing
that you're wrong there is nothing that
you can show this man that he has not
already seen now they have to start all
the generators is that how this works
oh maybe just most of them you know like
four out of seven I don't know I'm
Jack's total lack of sprite well that's
the thing like maybe you don't
understand jvzoo bumming apparently
that's my name now that's your name now
by the way Jay Davis Q Montgomery
business what is the Q stand for exactly
this answer to the question and the
question is what does the Q stand hey
okay forget it
any thoughts on Hellraiser
yeah like Hellraiser I like the first
two I like the third one but it's flog
yeah
the first two are good I love the the
portrayal of hell in the second one
you've seen them hell raisers I feel
like we just talked about no reason we
did just I saw the first one ages and
eons ago and I never really cared to see
I mean pinhead is fun and heads a we
that's what we talked about we talked
about muscle design and then the first
one pinhead isn't the only oh yeah he's
not like the main he's not the star of
the movie right he later kind of became
he's just one of the demons mm-hmm
but I think I think he was the he was
the possibly the most iconic looking
demon from that movie and he's the only
one that really talks the other ones
can't really talk so they give they gave
him the lines sure sure
pinhead is a funny guy yeah I'm gonna
try and watch at least the first
Hellraiser before Halloween at some
point I've been watching a couple years
I think it sounds like people are
screaming uh who's left are they not
doing anything I don't know I think I'm
just gonna expert at this game how many
people have you killed one oh well
there's two more out there somewhere I
haven't seen anyone in like ten minutes
right right
that's cuz there's only two of them
let's see here any Friday the 13th and
knock off recommendations apparently
there were a shit ton of them and I
don't know where to start I guess I just
mean slasher films in general in that
period poses Friday those Friday 13 yeah
because there was Halloween and then
Friday the 13th which was a ripoff of
Halloween as far as the slasher format
and then after Friday the 13th the
floodgates were opened there's a period
of like two years or there's just
endless slasher movies I'd recommend the
burning if you haven't seen that one
that one's pretty good and that's a
summer camp one so it's very similar to
Friday the 13 ice that's a good slasher
money from that era sleepaway camp
classic leave boy camp has its moments
it's very weird there's not the weird
touches in that one sleepaway camp - if
you're into more softcore porn and or
Bruce Springsteen sister oh and please
the killer in it Oh Springsteen sister
Wow Springsteen
oh my god indeed let's see here would
someone need to buy screaming rights to
show space cop in their home town uh
email contact a red letter media comm if
you would like to set up a screening
questions about that kind of thing
they're just running around trying not
to win just just enough just to
aggravate you possibly or are they are
they new to the game too and don't
really know how to play it Oh what was
that oh those are the cop lights they're
like watching the stream and staying on
the other side of the map sure sure and
if they see you kind of heading in that
direction like yeah yeah it's weird that
like is oh no they're doing stuff okay I
got another one it's weird that there's
no like timer
are they on the other side of it the men
have already probably already jumped out
the window maybe yeah
those bastards someone is saying you can
run rich oh they're nice
now you gotta try and find a hook before
he gets away or he gets away
can you just go through the wall that
would be nice yeah dude
bummer you got me and we show over your
shoulder man bum City oh no no that am
apparently there are perks to this game
like you can level up and get and get
perks and so some people might have like
escapee perks
other door out the door here their way
to the left to the left he's hiding in
that corner honey no huh which corners
no no right now left that way behind
that thing he's down there how do you
know this I'm expert at video games he's
down here he is the oh he's in one of
those cabinets how do you know this I
heard him crying he's in the cabinet in
the corner not that one not no left left
well he's out now I'm sure he's in that
one oh I was really hoping he would be
it looked like the red marks were
heading in that direction and I thought
this raised what the f
what the f yeah I'm just being fucked
with Oh
J watched society not knowing anything
about it loved it
alright have you seen any movies by
Quentin de pluie rubber wrong wrong cops
reality I mean you heard of reality I've
seen rubber or which I liked a lot oh is
that the Tigers entire movie fuck the
whole monologue at the beginning about
nonsense fuck that movie about meaning
nothing Robert I'd like that really
quite a bit I did not like wrong rubber
sucks rubber is wrong wrong felt to me
like what people complained about rubber
like it's just nonsense for the sake of
nonsense and it kind of is but it sort
of please like having fun with it and
wrong just felt like nonsense for the
sake of nonsense in a bad way
rubber was so far up its own I only saw
it once so I'd have to rewatch it I
liked I liked rubber watch games how the
UK said I was the one on the hook that
Jay kept slashing in spam the spacebarb
also this was like scream one when they
saw the killer on camera prereq stream
is on my macbook and it's a 1000 yeah so
they can kind of see and where you're
going
yeah all right I'm done okay I'm done
okay tired you're just wandering I'm
tired just being deliberately fucked
with yes I think that's bullshit I think
that's what they're doing yeah peace
bitches what's the point
do we want to vomit candy corn or do we
want to play the outlast to demo you
tell me let's listen to have a stark
change of pace and vomit candy corn
all right mostly because I saw at the
beginning of the stream
someone said yeah they're not playing a
2d pixel art in the garbage nonsense
prove you wrong motherfucker
motherfuckers all right okay we need the
things J you just take that Compu truth
controller all right okay escape you
know what escape should always do
something escape should always make you
escape game developers out there
I'm going to the bathroom good go to the
bathroom thanks for announcing it
alright get not he's everything's fine
rich Evans did not just trip everything
is fine I didn't get out of here
that's the real scary part you can't pom
pom ball trapped in this game forever
there we go

[Part II]
there we go Halloween forever
Halloween forever
it's great oh I'm just gonna oh fuck you
thank you
sometimes sometimes I tell you fucking
come on you know what OBS sometimes
you're not you don't do what I want you
to do but I still love you
oh no we're missing story not a vomit
candy corn on people properly Halloween
forever okay
I love it I love it already
this is more my speed this this is a
game the whole family can enjoy hold on
I think it's fucked up totally fucked up
what's fucked up oh you see like it's
all off oh yeah config great
okay hold on we're gonna fix it
No where did you go oh you know over
here now for some reason how did you get
over here game a game capture why are
you so big sometimes I just don't
understand you
yes I still love you obvious but I just
don't understand you you know
nope that's not what I wanted right big
game game
there we go and now you go over here
great and then we go over here
let the nightmare begin okay press a
pumpkin man great shall face the horse
you let's get little get Moody
I can handle this yeah uh look I'm
spooky it is look how spooky this game
is isn't this beautiful
well I'm going to change the game enough
and chatty here dead by dumb Oh ween
Halloween forever oh shit
okay can't get up there can you double
jump yeah kinda you gotta be like like I
just did there
oh no you touchin a wall or whatever
yeah sure this is great this is great J
is playing oh no am I supposed to do I
think oh can you go in that tomb okay
they go oh no Wizards skeleton skeleton
dammit ah
chainsaw guy oh this is fun
hey now this is spooky now this is
podracing now they wait a minute I oh
I'm trying to update hello if you're
wondering why I don't like multiplayer
gaming yeah cuz everybody is an asshole
oh no I'm having chatty issues that shit
was acute yeah this looks adorable
not sure I'm supposed to get over there
don't forget the heart yeah can you can
you um
forever wall go um no no just once just
once I don't know what did they do they
hid from you isn't that the game rich
yes I strongly suspect the other end of
the stream was being launched and even
if they weren't doing that damn it they
were just fucking with me and not
completing the objectives yes it's just
either way assholes
sorry because we're getting spooky now
rich oh yeah no this looks great
oh yeah we're all in the spooky except
for I'm having some issues with Chadi
Chadi is not letting me change the game
here hold on it
Karin would love this what's this called
it's called Halloween forever and it
looks like a game that's called
Halloween forever um I'm gonna have to
buy this when I get home okay
Karin would love this I mean it is super
spooky oh yeah
well do you have to get all the hearts I
don't know I think that's just help yeah
and you look like you're full yeah I
guess if I supposed to double jump that
one
yeah I got that hard on my first time
through but I haven't gotten it since ah
mm that's a lot of Jason's Wow they're
just chainsaw man we don't know if
they're specifically Jason Jason doesn't
usually use a chainsaw
Jason's a chain saw a man with a ski
mask these are all these are all Jason's
dammit you're doing great oh yeah that
helps the Skellington wizards are your
favorite as they should be
oh my god it's a floating coven yeah Oh
skeleton guys drop out that it's like
skeleton bombs I love it that thing now
you're gonna get murdered by this guy
no no J next time you died don't restart
right away why is that I want to use
Chad over on that computer okay cuz we I
we haven't been able to update our game
can't do in laptop it's apparently it
doesn't want to work nice talk
I think it's a vulture or crow rage no I
get it
but do you but do you I hate everyone
and everything yep ah blah blah odd yes
I did see the Microsoft Surface studio
desktop PC looks interesting looks a bit
oh no shit dead by don't restart okay so
it's daddy Jason and baby Jason's oh
yeah it's paused
pause bitch
or for search okay and a big costume
quest it's a it's a cute game chat
sprayed up Costume Quest yeah that's a
double fine yeah it's a
trick-or-treating basically game tied um
no really I have it I have Costume Quest
on the I wanna say I have it on the Xbox
is free yeah for Xbox Live I had it a
while ago I think it was on the Xbox
when I got it but yeah so the Microsoft
Surface what was it called again you
guys said it whatever Oh Microsoft
service to do is basically Microsoft's
attempt to make an iMac an all-in-one
screen computer Wow but it's also a
surface which means like it's on these
like pivoting arms so you can like it's
just a giant monitor that you can draw
on and use as a desktop tablet as a
giant desktop tablet and use like the
pen and it looks good it looks very
extreme double jump over those
it looks very very expensive and so
it'll be interesting to see what kind of
specs come out for it also I thought I
saw that it only had USB inputs and if
if they want pros to use it more I would
assume they would get some sort of
faster connector in there yeah sp3 is
pretty good but it's like three or four
thousand dollars yeah Jesus Christ three
or four thousand dollars for what so you
know the iMac yeah oh it's you know just
a big screen and a computer inside the
screen that's what it it's a Windows
computer that is but it's also wait what
happens if you get that I don't know has
that something great all right super
pumpkin man I'm not sure well maybe
that's a superpower you can use in
fighting mega Jason mega turns also
gonna get a heart from that guy you
might have to double jump over mega
Jason oh sure I was gonna he's gonna
charge I'm gonna charge I think you jump
over that if you hit the right trigger
you can use a superpower
I hit different buttons I've tried it
doesn't you don't really do much okay
collect six ruins for the oak elects six
runes for the best endings what they say
huh okay yeah you really do is jump in
puke yeah so it has four USB three
headphone jack SD card reader Ethernet
and a mini DisplayPort and so and
because it's not because it's an
all-in-one there's no oh whoa
there's no upgrading if if but faster
damn it connection comes out jump and
puke typical Saturday but but yeah I
paid attention looks really interesting
I really like the idea you know someone
who does occasional Photoshop work I
love the idea of having a giant tablet
and using that as a pen that would be
very smooth and fluid but for the price
point I can't I can't get behind it how
much is it for a decent fair model with
a decent harddrive you're looking at
three four thousand
not decent specs you could probably go
like 2,000 so what does this do that
that like my computer womp it's a big
tablet so it won't do anything that my
computer doesn't already do yeah you can
and it cost you can almost three times
as much you can't draw on your screen
right is that is that is that worth 300
thousand dollars of course not
for for our for some creative
professionals it would be okay ah not me
but if you do like a lot of Photoshop
work a lot of drawing work yes I could
see it being worth it to sum up let run
do itwe may it may run doom Mae Mae Mae
oh okay well you can you can probably
upgrade it right no no no you can't
upgrade it know it's an all-in-one Oh
everything about this sounds stupid for
your needs sure it's an interesting idea
and you know more so like just very
deliberately trying to eat away at the
Apple market at the Apple creatives
market which is interesting so yes I've
been paying attention to that
I don't have the reflexes for this damn
you why do you want to hurt me
top ramens says hey can you guys can you
guys just want to say you missed my two
previous donations we didn't top ramens
we read them we get behind with the
donations I'm sorry that you felt the
need that you had to donate again can
you choose a different character now
okay you probably have to earn them yeah
it just we get behind sometimes and we
did eventually read them I think so you
can double jump in the air by the way
yeah okay I figured that out a lot a
while ago now
okay at first I thought it was just not
the walls but Tartan says had any
thoughts on John Carpenter not being
consulted at all on the Big Trouble in
Little China reboot did they pay him cuz
that's all he cares about
yeah I'd be more interested if they had
him on yeah I I don't really care about
the movie either way it doesn't really
matter how can the movie not suck what
are the odds it'll have an older Jack
Burton passing the torch this is your oh
no from what I understand it's gonna be
more of an actual remake oh really which
is like who cares if even the charisma
of the rock cannot bring me to care
about that shit oh you know what I had
done it's that's a fair question
how can you do a review of Dawn of the
Dead and not bring up the gunk the gunk
that come up no because cuz we were
talking about the filmmaking more so
than just I'm you song where so then the
gun the most iconic piece of music ever
written here's here's a fun fact that
episode of review was almost a
commentary track yeah that's what I said
that Allah you did yeah but it's a
two-hour movie with long stretches of
not a lot happening and
that's not saying much and and the movie
is not very accessible because it's not
available for streaming anywhere really
nope
a classic Madonna the dead it's it's all
richard rubin scene the producer he owns
the rights to that and he owns the
rights to George Romero's Martin and he
wants a ridiculous amount of money to
license it that nobody's willing to give
him so the only way he can get it is
used copies on Amazon the DVDs aren't
too expensive but the blue there was
briefly a blu-ray and that's pricey
I got a UK blu-ray though which wasn't
too bad I imported it you know what I
mean I'm gonna say we didn't mention the
gonk because I didn't want to get too
stuck in my head again I've had the gong
stuck in my head probably at least one
day a week for the last 25 years Jay
have you read any to Twin Peaks books
like Laura Palmer's diary or Brad Dukes
reflections and oral history of Twin
Peaks I have not all right great hey
guys I'm a big fan and recently saw the
fly 1986 whoo great movie great movie I
wanted to know what you guys think about
the film well it's a great movie yeah
it's one of my favorite Cronenberg
movies not terribly shocked it's
incredibly gross I mean Jeff Goldblum
and Jeff Goldblum fantastic it's very
operatic it's a tragic movie yeah I am
here's how brundlefly eats any movie
that can be that gross and also that
emotional is a win like like it's so
crazy because you see him puke on the
doughnut and it's almost endearing you
know well you just feel so bad for him I
mean he's it's a movie about diet you're
someone you love dying of a disease oh
yeah that's what the movies about I'm
gonna go in here
it's about watching someone you care
about fall apart before your eyes mm-hmm
let's see here J did you catch he never
died starring Henry Rollins I know I've
heard about it oh no I'm here already
fuck I'm fucked patience patience attack
but he just immediately runs at me I
think you have to wait till his backs to
you so I think and so he can't
immediately run at you when you hit him
I think you got a jump over the chainsaw
and attack him
before the chainsaw gets back I think
that's the pattern okay just focus on
just jumping over him what he's doing
that charging shit yeah nobody does a
chainsaw attack Yeah right if you didn't
hit him with him they seen towards you
he immediately runs at you which isn't
good so don't do that J they're saying
you're an adequate gamer does he does he
charge at all before you attack him no
turn that charging turn out attacking
that's what I'm saying that's I won't
yeah oh just to see what pattern yeah
I'll only attack him when his back is to
me yeah that's good idea let's see here
J have you finished a new season of
black mirror oh yeah I was actually
gonna ask you about that Jack if you
watch it yeah I have not
it's great I really enjoyed the little
bit that I've seen a black mirror and
just haven't got around to it too many
things to do and watch and see yeah it's
a it's a solid season there's some
really good episodes that's what I keep
hearing I'm looking forward to it I
think my favorite episode is the one
that deviates the most from their usual
kind of style let's sanju nepo is that
what people are saying I'm guessing you
really likes and you know there you go
oh yeah it's very different for Black
Mirror it's not quite as as cynical and
hopeless I'm extremely a fan to Hatter
here - that's alright going corn blazing
here we go
it's our brundlefly eats nice I love the
fly as you should it's a fantastic movie
but hello what'd you say fuck playing
playing an 8-bit video game Leena shitty
game getting frustrated say something
I'm using about that oh yeah this is
real right here it's it's difficult
right there and I'm not good at it yeah
we'll just take a moment to appreciate
the soundtrack and this is great it's
very spooky
I think I think's by saying great you're
going a little bit too far what a little
bit too far like this song it's adequate
it's appropriately spooky yeah it's
appropriately 8-bit is a great smell
it's not great pencil I don't like it
oh wait that's the main mecha I don't
want to go there just yet where do you
want to go well I wanted to come in here
and get more hearts I guess I can't go
back nevermind this is a scouting
mission just figure out his pattern
don't attack him first okay
Jpop Oh crumbs oh let's wait until Jays
done yeah I think that's a don't vomit
very far that's a problem ah okay you
got one leg all down nice
you're doing great Jay
will
get too close to that wall he turned
around immediately at least I understand
the pattern now yeah yeah yeah that's
great so J no your big fan of the rocky
series have you seen a warrior from 2011
Tom Hardy Nick Nolte joel edgerton
definitely worth watching also watch the
leftovers Lindelof redeems himself I
haven't seen that and no I haven't seen
the warrior know are worried warrior
yeah I've heard it's good nothing can be
as good as the Rockies yeah well I think
the only connection is that they're both
kind of heartfelt boxing related movies
oh the thing I love about the rocky
series is rocky that's it is the
character right so I'm sure warriors
fine I'll probably watch it eventually
let's see here you see yoga hosers yet
nope now nope
is it out yeah I think it's on demand
also I watched the video of Kevin Smith
telling his daughter that directing her
inspired him to make movies again and
for some no that wasn't creepy at all I
thought that was really hard for I
there's something I don't I wouldn't go
so far as to call it creepy but their
relationship is weird well he's weird
but not what we're talking about Kevin
Smith he he put out this little it was
like a promo for yoga holders and it was
basically him saying that he wasn't
really into making movies any more until
he directed his daughter and
what's-her-name
jep's daughter Johnny Depp's daughter in
a one scene in tusk and working with his
daughter making movie with his daughter
rekindled his love for making the mess
alright I thought it was really sweet
that that's fine it just seems like he
posts on his social media mostly about
his daughter and nothing else and I
think that's odd that's but that's like
how is that different from any other
parent like on Facebook because other
parents don't have millions of people
paying attention to those oh sure they
just have you know there are other
family members and friends on Facebook
yeah
they're not they're not putting this
information out to tens of thousands of
people a day yeah I think thrusting her
into that kind of spotlight is is weird
but she's she's in the movie like she's
an actress not sure but I mean he was
doing that well before the movie he's
always been doing that yeah that's just
him tusk was worth it for Jay I know I I
I kind of like tells I'm not gonna call
it a great movie but I enjoyed it for
some reasons you enjoyed it right
finally yeah I gotta get up there fast
so you get the room so you can get the
good ending
whatever that means
hmm have you guys tried subnautica it's
everything that no man's sky was
supposed happy and it's unseen for 20
bucks nope I I have picked up ever space
a couple more times and I'm really
enjoying that and I'm waiting on more
development forever space so that's
that's a lot of what I was looking at
low for in no man's sky as far as like
the space battles were concerned ever
space but I know there's a million games
that are popping up now that are
literally branding themselves as hey
everyone hated this one game we're gonna
do what you wanted but well ah oh damn
it
no don't watch Spy Kids my kids is no
good you know we never did play the
other Lakeview cabins you ever leave you
cabin yeah the other episodes came out
oh sure yeah yeah that's how I feel
about it all right I'm gonna give this
one more shot and then I might give
someone else a chance if they want I
want to give this a chance I got four I
became frustrated with Lakeview cavies
yeah I couldn't figure out the puzzles
I ain't that smart I don't have the
smarts for like views cabins now let's
see here rich is riches slash has doomed
me to sleeping on the couch thanks rich
/ okay J any opinions on classic
Universal monster movies um I am Dracula
Frankenstein
I love Bride of Frankenstein Bride of
Frankenstein yes that's the best one I
think out of those old movies that's the
one I would be like cuz they're fine
like they're those the type of movies
that you don't actually have to have
seen to have know everything that
happens in them yeah they're so
ingrained and like our culture so but
Bride of Frankenstein I think is the
best one ah Oh got stuck in the wall oh
yeah Bride of Frankenstein is like a lot
of real emotion in it in a way that I
don't necessarily get from the other on
there you go or whoever are do you ever
do deck that's what I get to I get
frustrated too easily those games and
give up okay so they're trying to talk
about Bride Frankenstein well yeah we're
AB Oh
the slash the anonymous that in the
movie classic movie monster yeah two
days retirement says whew six months of
subscribing first time tipping what do
you three Wisconsinites think of the
Twin Cities never been there great
places yeah I've been there a couple
times it's been a long time I probably
have been there in ten years
I have good friends that live up there
used to live down the street for me went
to high school with them
our kids went to the same school for a
little bit and they moved up there for
work and so we go up and visit at least
a couple times a year and great cities
super fun super fun times very uh there
are certain areas that are just so it's
so crazy like my friends live in this
neighborhood in which in a 10 house
stretch all the families know each other
and I'll have kids approximately the
same age and so the kids have the run of
all ten yards oh and there's no fences
and it's it's amazing and we're also you
just see like a kid will come into the
house like when we're visiting and use
the bathroom and yeah and it's like that
old-school neighborhood where kids can
just like run around and you know like
play kick-the-can or whatnot at night
because all the families know each other
okay kick the can right classic kick the
can so anyway I've liked my time I've
liked my time in the Twin Cities
oh whatever
oh he parked it through the wall he
broke the wall apart there's a new
discovery hmm
Dubey sandwiches Jay and Harlech yes I
know you guys didn't mean it
but you mentioning The Prodigy made me
revisit the band and lately bought their
newest album smack my bitch up the day
is my enemy I liked it that's all take
care of smack my bitch up so fine song
upside the head or like on the but I
don't know if they specifying the song
okay I believe it's upside the head and
it's it's about something else
oh I could have been pimping
well that's still domestic that's to
violence I seem to recall that song
getting a lot of flak when it came out
for being misogynistic yeah white people
that didn't pay any attention to what it
was about ladies here the title animus
is I'm not sure musicals are up your
alley but I would highly suggest
la-la-land
even though it comes out when Star Wars
does Damien Chazelle directed and Ryan
Gosling and there's a billion into that
people like a modern-day musical I don't
know anything about this I like musicals
I'm a fan of you I can't stand it you
know what
watch me not be surprised that rich
Evans doesn't like musicals I like some
I am perfectly okay with musicals I
think generally I like the weirder ones
but I guess that's not surprising he's
not even a little bit I just want to
shoot every wall now I like little
chapel whores sure let's top whores is
great this is look at this Oh are you
doing checking I'm checking all the way
she jumped over
oh the other room
there you go gobbledygook says somebody
good Jay have you seen or heard the
abomination it's a really low budget
difficult to find very gory VHS from the
80s about a young man who spits up
little nasty creatures that go on a
feeding frenzy I have not but now I need
to the abomination you know what we
might have a copy we got a bunch of shit
I'm gonna need a shower there
I think someone maybe has sent that to
us I don't have to look through a
collection the abomination yeah we may
have that that title is in my brain for
some reason okay if something goes on a
feeding frenzy I suppose we should watch
it well yeah little creatures little
creatures going on a feeding frenzy
yes Sam it's got little rubber puppet
monsters in it I'm in game child you
cases presidential election and just
under two weeks from now it'll be over
soon uh thank Christ you guys be
streaming the Wednesday after that can
be a potential horror film live on
television that Tuesday night also
Bucky's armed ah no we're not talking
about Bucky's are you done with Bucky's
arm huh are you done with Bucky's always
done with that Bucky's arm like when I
mentioned it once but you know like
bringing it up
Chad seem to be into it and then I guess
I wasn't to it a little bit all right
all those things were I made an
assumption that Bucky's arm was made out
of a certain type of metal
no don't shoot - he did he's got the
skills Jay that's true
I was playing doing it the easy way
because I'm no good it's just fucking
showing off now Jay how do you fucking
feel that he he beat that this is the
first time through dude he doesn't
believe video game get a little more
frequently but he did not lose a bar of
help I do play video games slightly more
else a little more than me
and so I don't I don't blame Jay every
wall now is a secret until until I find
out otherwise
no okay doc oh you can't duck by the way
Oh see I know how to talk I didn't know
how to duck so yeah there you go
something now who's good at this game
Jay it's Jay cannot go down the light-up
weight bottom door for character unlock
I'm here I'm here already
rewind shock says Jay Jay have you seen
train to Busan or they look like people
nope
I love train but did not like they look
now I want to see they look like people
I know let's I think it's not Netflix
now China Busan is not plane anywhere
around here as far as I know but I'd
like to see it rich and Jack what's your
favorite horror film lol stab my
babysitter you guys Rock I mean
anything's close to my favorite horror
film viewers into horror comedy Evil
Dead do they do right Yeah right
Jack you have a favorite horror film I
mean I'm not super super into horror
I've seen a lot of horror movies and I
like blood and violence right but you're
not super into horror films but I'm not
super into horror film I mean II like
blood and violence and not be into
horror films I guess I'm not super into
anything you know we're just like I just
watch everything or just depressing I'm
gonna have fun Gorn violence favorite
horror horror films are a bit somber for
my taste probably like the thing that
got me into it as a genre was Nightmare
on Elm Street like that that that
borders horror comedy though it does but
like that was one of that was one of the
first ones I watched and I was like the
appropriate age where like I get this
now yeah the big fountain of blood
coming up from the bed gun well also
that series veers into fantasy as well
yes so that means it's not Friday the
13th it's not just a
slasher killing teenagers there's a
little more of a creative element to it
yeah so mitch is why I always like them
more as a kid okay I'll the fry it there
are no straight movies I need to see the
thing what you can't believe you ain't
knowing because I voted for yours
because I'm not a record fan but I've
seen I've seen clips online now I'm like
oh god that looks fucking amazing
oh yeah no that transcends just being a
that's not just a horror thing is class
that I get that now I did unlock another
character it seems to be some little one
with a bag on his head so I'm pretty
excited about that
oh that comes down the other birds
didn't come down you're gonna pop up
aren't you TNG after-dark says out of
everyone in Harlem who can do the cool
effect coolest backflip I don't think
any of us could get a back yeah I do is
pretty sweet backflip oh that was lucky
for you jack
what yeah horse oh yeah I knew that
mutant chaos us the most fun I've had
watching a horror movie this month is
Return of the Living Dead
oh yeah you guys seated well of eternal
living dead very long very very long
time ago
that's horror comedy I saw it so long
ago I didn't recognize that because if
she loves a small job oh really that's
the only my dad didn't care what I
watched but my mom wouldn't let us watch
our rated movies but that was one of the
two that she would let us watch and it
was because it was funny yeah so she
thought I guess she thought that would
like lessen it even though that movies
just got tons and tons of swearing and
like no frontal nudity did not know you
very well
can't handle for ya you know she's
trying to be a responsible parent but
but it was that what it was that my
mother is the one who made me watch the
Charlie Living Dead no my mom won't let
us watch r-rated movies but return the
Living Dead and jumpin Jack flash with
Whoopi Goldberg class which I jumpin
Jack flash I'm assuming that
lots of swearing in it too right I
haven't seen it so it was tiny that
seems like an odd choice oh yeah I don't
know why that one but returning let me
touch you let's watch and there's yeah
there's like like tons of nudity and
swearing like crazy and gore that movie
holds up to I still like that movie live
returning to me done
it's got a great soundtrack movie Boozer
says Jane have you seen any of the
coffin Joe movies like the 1964 film at
midnight I'll take your soul coffin Joe
was like a universal monster trapped oh
it's like a universe Universal monster
trapped a Mario Bava film I have not
I've heard of coughing Joe I've never
seen any of them coughing Joe coughing
Joe that's a whole series of movies with
coughing Joe that's a great title
coughing Joe Oh second billing here
let's see who we get get you a little
sweaty half here up we're gonna maybe
the right amount of Frankenstein that's
just some blob thing all right it's a
bat monster okay yeah the patterns are
so intricate yeah listen they're going
for classic here kill the bats kill the
couple little bats
I'm you'll be fine I know I gotta kill
this thing don't waste your time on the
bats well instead of you're you're like
dodging the going off of the left and I
don't know I think you need to stay on
that platform as long as you can
yeah you can't you know you can't really
dodge the bats because you know you're
free now yeah hey you don't dodge about
shoot the bats
I want to shoot the shoot bats we shoot
all the paths she's the big fat man I
can't you should've smell what's - I
have run out of candy corn that's not
true I only ate so much Oh none of us is
J
my lord you've been on many a prereq
stream over the years what keeps you
coming back well anything better to do
that that's why you gotta kill the
little bets you know like if I don't
think I can kill them that I got a run
that I wasn't paying attention that was
like you got it
there you go that one tiny bad guy at
the end
oh you do Skellington Anonymous's rich I
personally think Dukat is the best Star
Trek villain so far with Kai Winn coming
in close second and Khan a distant third
agree
who cut Dukat I heard Dukat I don't know
about Kai Winn Dukat no loves her q Q
right
you know I don't does he count as a
villain or just kind of a foil because a
villain if kinda this person comes I win
as a villain q count exactly she was a
Bajoran Priestess of slash official oh
fuck you Hugh wasn't a villain he was a
goddamn antagonist he was in more so
than Chi win but that's what I'm saying
he was a that's villain oh my god people
are all crazy living in crazy town crazy
town with a crazy men yeah like he's
villain do they have to be repeat
characters gonna be someone who showed
up in like one episode
yeah forget the actor's name the
Cardassian that interrogated the card
there are the torture episode there are
four lights yes that's a great episode
yes you threatened to destroy the human
race more than once and yes David Warner
Thank You Chad I guess I just don't
think of as a villain because like sure
he threatened to destroy the human race
but not like in a malicious way
you know there's more for more for
funsies
cheep-cheep death cheap death it was a
cheap death
gahafer jaysis what's good fam yo
question mark does that mean does it
means nothing
Bam Bam it's slang for what what the
kids are saying who you are familiar
with okay Jay have you seen the Hannibal
TV series yet no it's gory and artsy as
fuck and seems like something you'd like
keep up the good work guys
or don't it's your lives yeah I've heard
lots of good things about that animal
show but I haven't watched it there's no
it's already off the air I think it was
three seasons I would not know I have
not watched it yeah I've heard it's
really good
is it Hannibal Lecter yeah it's a TV all
right I believe it's I believe it takes
place before red dragon someone can
correct me on that I'm not sure the time
frame it takes place Adonis's hi reg hey
Jack hello Jay
Halloween forever do you guys listen to
any podcast and so which one's my
favorite podcast at the moment is WTF
with Marc Maron classic I guess how does
something have one so no yeah else in
the WTF depend on who the guest is yeah
yeah
my favorite podcast used to be a killer
POV now it's called shockwaves it's the
same hosts it's a horror podcast
shockwaves shockwaves shockwaves you
mentioned one that was like creepy
stories Oh lor yeah they still doing
that they are it actually I think when I
mentioned it I don't think it was very
well known it's kinda blown up since
then and I haven't kept up with it okay
I haven't listened to it in quite a
while
but I really liked it when I listened to
it I like this monster pretty adorable
Jack did you have a podcast thing no no
I don't listen to podcast it's super
hard to listen to podcast while editing
people talking so there's large scary
stories are just urban legends or witch
what is it what is it Lord yeah I bits
stories that are based in real events
mmm
so sometimes there might be like a like
a folklore lore element to it but it'll
also be some some reality involved so
nice double hit there Jack I got it I
appreciate that
so on top of this
nemesis J I was the nurse who asked for
best of the worst movies for my patients
and you told me to play the Garbage Pail
Kids movie wait I showed it and received
a two-week unpaid suspension do you know
other movies thanks well now you got
some things Oh God make it fired oh my
god and you might get foot tarred and
feathered yeah you're you're a secret
finding just yes I know how games work I
know a thing or two about video games
I've played them 1 or 2
hey fresh juices Jack you like Valiant
Comics right yes I do like Valley in
comics
did you see the ninja versus the valiant
universe trailer it's a six-episode web
series coming out next year actually I
don't read it in Jack but I'd like
Valiant Comics valiant is doing some
interesting work they have this whole
series called the harbinger in which
every single person you're supposed to
root for is a horrible dickhead
they're like the worst people imaginable
but you know compared to the bad guys
it's just like I guess I got a root for
these guys and they're their antihero
they're anti heroes and they're great
yeah except for one who's with who's on
their like little team of heroes and her
name is faith and she's adorable but it
the ragtag group of psychics isn't isn't
in Jack just like James Bond doesn't
ninja is that the okay I dunno I've
never written in Jack I read Archer and
Armstrong with firm from valiance and I
read Harbinger and I know faith that has
her own series now which I'm waiting to
comes to trade and then I'm gonna read
that
but Archer and our song is fun it's
another fun one
Lola Arkon says Jay what messed-up idea
do you have to celebrate Halloween also
guy is what movie do you watch for
gratuitous amounts of gore that is
entertaining for the kids but Evil Dead
to snap EULA to and Dead Alive aka
brain-dead depending on where in the
world you live that Jackson film perfect
for the kids and yes for the kids that
every kid needs to be protected and
sheltered yeah I watched Robocop like
brand-new okay mom nobody flinched and
neither did I it that was awesome the
toxic waste guy kind of messed me up no
I love that the the rest of the violence
didn't bother me but that part he got he
got melted and it was awesome then he
got hit by a car and just exploded no
it's awesome but as a kid it was that
was the one part that was kind of like
oh I think I just thought oh that's
great
now what did I say something about
Halloween let me see if I've read that
wrong or just some kind of crime at
grammatical error in this sentence J
what messed up idea do you have to
celebrate Halloween was due on the day
I'm assuming yeah what are you doing
this Halloween that's what I'm assuming
um I don't have any plans for the actual
day cuz it's not a Monday right
Halloween's on a Monday this you see
that's the worst you see that curiously
placed harp Jack I do see like okay I
have to assume that that's a safe spot
yeah I would too but ah why wouldn't you
jump where the heart was I could I
thought they were tricking me I thought
they were tricking me with a heart
Worcester you've washed her you know
video game status what you've lost it is
gone I thought they were tricking me now
yeah you've made me lose my mojo now oh
yeah that's my fault that's my fault I
have to go from the bit start how do I
get try new guy by sim wait what how do
you pick your guy ah press ENTER to
begin
it doesn't do anything try the mouse did
you have to do it when you start the
game
butternut bro shall face the horrors
butternut bro oh you have to start all
the way from the fucking beginning
different powers what's he vomiting he
can hold his mouth open
what is he vomiting what they explode oh
look at that
Oh bowl I'm Mouse hold on I need a
refill I need a refill of a beverage bye
Cynthia says guys come on play until you
get back are there any VHS VHS tapes
which you are always looking for but
can't find no we have we have like too
many yeah yeah nothing that we're
looking for well we do need some more
new keys that's the one thing we're
always on the lookout for whatever end
when we have enough once we reach our
goal it'll end the new key shelf it has
its own shelf now essentially it's
ridiculous absolutely ridiculous Nana
says Jay rich and I guess Jack - I'm
starting a best of the worst slash half
of the bag style review show with my
friends for public access television do
you have any advice on how to be good
sure do your own thing do your own thing
which I guess you're already missing on
now remember you can pay them oh shit
that's art I mean obviously we're not
the first show to talk about bad movies
so just find your own voice do it in
your style
yeah that was one of the only breakaway
walls I saw a little different the
breakaway walls here either okay back
I wonder if pumpkin had to held this
mouth open oh I don't know it ever done
your squash friend now you're gonna
squash head back your butternut butter
butter now turn up bro Vaughn butternut
bro tired senses
who would you guys cast in a cynical
2016 reboot a Ferris Bueller's Day Off
I'd say Anna Kendrick is Ferris Lena
Dunham miss Cameron Melissa McCarthy is
ed Rooney and instead of school it's a
company
sorry trying to make like the worst
movie ever is that your goal get Amy
Schumer in there too and then you'll
have a surefire flop just cast those
ladies from broad city they're great
yeah they're funny
Wood Wood Matthew Broderick be the
principal that's how you would do it
yeah cast some new up-and-comer as the
kid wins the principal Ferris grown-up
if you want to see Ferris grown-up did
they watch the movie election brother
plays a teacher I like to watch that
movie and the mindset that that's what
became a Ferris Bueller
Oh oh my god
that's workday my guys work thank you
because they would go to swap the soft
reboot Rob probably yeah at this point
and that's the thing you do like and I
don't think Faris would be the principal
but a father
oh no no he would be like at the
restaurant you know like and kind of see
what they're doing it no he'd have to
have more of a direct connect yeah yeah
that's the way you do these stuff yeah
Ferris jr yeah something like that
it's still got to be called Ferris
Bueller's Day Off oh there you go yeah
CNN like I guess in my head it's just
kids who have heard the legend of Ferris
Bueller's Day Off oh that could be and
then he shows up at the end like almost
like Han Solo I or he's like it's true
all of us you can do that yep
or better yet just don't make it or
that's the real just do that you could
just not make it you could you could
just not make that movie and just
re-watch Ferris Bueller's Day Off which
is a fairly good movie that already
exists wink
I've heard of people that criticize that
movie saying that they just don't like
Ferris as a character because he's so
self-centered the whole point of the
movie is that everything he's doing is
to help Cameron write everything he's
doing that day is is to try and get
Cameron out of his shell I don't have to
rewatch it there's a way you can look at
it like that like I think you can see it
both ways he's doing it for him and for
Cameron and for lady what's-her-name
Sloane like he's trying he is attempting
to give him and his friends the best day
ever but the one with the character arc
in that movie is not Ferris Bueller it's
Cameron right he's the one who decides
to stand up to his dad it's great that
movie would be nothing without Cameron
that's why he's in the movie he's the
best part of that he's what makes that
movie
nanyem says that slash comment was in
reference to rich NJ and the birthday
thing oh how you ruined the birthday
what rich ruined the birthday message Oh
yep yep nobody knew what that was about
we loved watching everything you guys do
and you're great for a laugh anytime my
Carosa 47 says Jake have you seen
Monster Squad yes they've talked about
it many many many many times I have not
watched it since that frozen Monster
Squad a double feature though how do you
be that's the last time I watched it
double feature because you still have
the magic of frozen in your heart
anonymous says regular viewing the pale
in comparison
that's why rich picture this you're a
brave Explorer of space you're on the
moon having a meal within a deep crater
when you see a dark magic wielding
sorcerer the sorcerer cries out you
realize it's Jay okay I've pictured it
know what that's it that's it no okay
four four one that's not any kind of
question that's hasn't before any kind
of feedback it's just a weird statement
yeah secondly how was the source we're
crying out in the vacuum of space on the
moon or in the vacuum in the near vacuum
of the Moon Jack you prick I'm just
trying to I'm trying to bring science oh
snap snap
what
no we MN says hello fuck woods fuck fuck
wit I don't think I've heard your take
on Ken Park an illusion free and honest
social commentary or just pretentious
exploitation hello I'll drop my Hilary I
haven't got any fucking clue is Ken part
can possibly Lenny Clark is that his
name the guy directed kids can park yeah
I think it's a movie directed by the guy
who did kids and I hate the guy who
directed kids
I think he's weird pervert what's his
name again
I Lenny Clarke no no it's like he
doesn't have a weird name like Harmony
Crane wrote kids he didn't direct okay I
want to make sure I'm thinking of the
right thing here Ken Park sounds
familiar Clark yeah no I will not watch
it because I hate Lenny Clarke so
alright he did an episode there was a
brief period of time where Showtime was
doing like remakes of old Roger Corman
movies and they did one called
a teenage caveman and for whatever
reason they let Lenny Clarke directed
and he turned it into like this creepy
softcore movie with teenagers it's like
it's a remake of a Roger Corman movie
and you even fucked that up
so I don't like that guy he comes across
like a creep now I'm so stip for me I
only wanna thank you guys for the years
of great content and ask if you will be
updating your merch anytime soon
specifically the lightning-fast VCR
repair schertz yeah more shirts are
coming pints are not we're done with
those
but yeah more stuff coming you're done
with pints more shirts coming yes great
I'm overconfident with with butternut
his shots are more powerful right I saw
what happened I was watching the whole
thing I need to train my system is there
any reason to use him I mean the pumpkin
man over him Eddie
pumpkin man shoots more like I can only
get like three explode ease-out yes so
if you're looking for more rapid fire
you go pumpkin which doesn't seem like
really need rapid fight I don't think
this is really one of those games I
think it's just the unlock all the
things you can yeah I don't really think
you need to worry too much about
strategy strategic strategic it's all
about the strategies
but back back back back
many the Vera King says lens apocalypse
female warriors is available to Amazon
Prime members watching them the DVD is
still worth it for your guys commentary
though as I say yeah the streaming
version probably doesn't have a
commentary track but I just want to
watch the Len movie and you haven't had
the chance before if you're an Amazon
Prime music oh yeah it's great that
that's a great one I think he just put a
couple of his movies up on vhx to get
streaming service that we use he did he
did I want to say all of them all of
them are on there okay I I found them on
Twitter and yeah he's been mentioning
that recently so yeah if you want to see
any of lenss movies vhx is that your
streaming site
yeah bhx TV so i'm assuming his is
probably like killer wolf films dot vh
extra TV or something like that
AJ pimps all says saw the vampire
masquerade video on YouTube the comments
were a butthurt fanboy cringefest he
couldn't work yeah here's five bucks
towards making more of Jesus Christ shut
up already episodes a lot of people
didn't get what we were going for there
yep yep I mean Knights of the Old
Republic is is right up there I actually
want to give that a shot though as a
Star Wars game is a Star Wars game it's
a game that I remember playing a long
time ago and I was terribly dreadfully
bored by it
mm-hmm but what system was that for
everyone
Xbox oh everyone that was out at the
time how oldest one was that I feel like
oh how old is that game old yeah Exodus
okay what one Xbox one the first one was
a 360 no Xbox what I want to say when
Nintendo system would it would it have
been on one of those no no no it would
have probably come out on original Xbox
and maybe ps2 but it also could have
been an Xbox exclusive I'm not a hundred
percent sure about that it could've been
early Xbox 360 I guess it could have
been I didn't give it you know but I'm
not sure Jack you know who though yeah
it was Xbox and later ported to PC okay
Chet knows everything a butthurt vampire
the masquerade and fan and the chat says
just stay away from RPGs guys but early
clear they're not for you Jesus yeah
every once in a while we get some new
comments
on that video hmm we got a new head Nana
mice's favorite Simpsons Treehouse of
Horror also I'm a stupid moron with an
ugly face and a big butt and my butt
smells and I like to kiss my own button
I get reference I get reference how many
treehouses of Horror tree house of
horrors has there been now like 20 20
how long is the show been on I guess 20
basically yeah yeah one year less than
that yeah I mean the first one was
season two oh really yeah tree house for
the one with the homework traveling back
in time oh it's a great one it's also
got the shinning the shinning is the one
I like a lot yeah what's the other one I
remember the other one is in that
episode but no it was good
is that the one with zombies then might
make that Shakespeare Murdo show's over
Shakespeare it might be that one I think
that might be I they all kind of blend
together but I haven't seen I um since
like the first five or six seasons right
cuz like everybody else in the world I
stopped watching The Simpsons huh it
just keeps going though and I'm pretty
sure that was four could have been three
house three but I think it was four I
have no idea I do like the shinning one
a lot though
if you decide to jump for that heart and
then we didn't get it you stand feel
like going back you don't need it I
guess oh yeah I can't use it so Eldridge
says how do y'all love you guys love rlm
have any of you seen shin godzilla and
if so what did you think of it it was my
first Godzilla film and I fucking loved
it
that's great demon I'm really looking
forward to shooting Godzilla because I
really loved the the cheesy can help
didn't only play in theaters for like
two days or something though like it had
like a really limited release so I I
haven't seen it I don't think any of us
have seen it no I'm looking forward to
it though yeah whatever I love those
Godzilla movies I'm not a big enough
Godzilla fender yeah I'm not a huge
Godzilla guy I know it wasn't using an
ohm one of those they had him fight the
roland emmerich godzilla oh yeah
final wars or something I don't remember
supposedly the last Godzilla movie which
of course it wasn't
and and Godzilla demolishes I've seen
that yeah I've seen I've seen that clip
that's all I've seen yeah
riot cruces happy Halloween J I finally
got around to watching Twin Peaks and I
am almost done thanks for the
recommendation I sure hope the last
episodes are as good as you promised lol
Jerry my pie they are they are if you've
made it through the middle of the season
the posts of Laura Palmer killer reveal
episodes then you're in the clear the
last few episodes especially the final
episode are fantastic oh yeah if you've
made it this far into season 2 like if
you haven't given up already then you're
in good shape the last episodes
completely make up for what is mostly a
bad season half a bit there the first
half of the season is great and then it
dips down to being flat out bad you know
the James stuff is unwatchable yep I've
I've never watched it all the way
through once he leaves town and he's
seen he's in just fast-forward through
it's true and then I laughed because
it's very and then and then it picks up
again towards the M in the season so
it's just a little dip kind of right in
the middle but it's a big dip those
episodes are pretty bad they're just
scrambling it's like oh we had to reveal
who the killer is now what do we do and
no one had any clue
nonnamous says the ultimate question
yeah if someone said they would kill you
guys unless you get your hands on some
heroin within the next 24 hours
could you do it like like morally or
could you literally would you be able to
acquire some not use it necessarily I
have no idea I've never looked into how
to acquire heroin yeah I know I'm gonna
say of course I'm gonna say yes I would
do my damnedest well I mean if
especially if your life is on the line
yeah I'm gonna say yes and a desperate
situation like that we have we have like
600 connections watching right now
that's we needed what do we need Jack we
needed us have got a technical drawing
person history and how many hits did we
get on that nets that seem like an
oddball request that well I was really
worried about putting out that out there
like thinking like yeah no one's gonna
be I guess I guess what you're saying is
if anyone listening is a heroin person
email pre-ride we don't need any and
we're not gonna buy any but if you know
if you're a heroin type of person your
heroin guy and you you couldn't get your
hands as you marrow right contact that
red letter media no no no that'll get
ignored there prereqs
email us if you know how to get your
hands it's Maryland the subject line
heroin don't don't know Jack don't you
think this is fascinating experiment no
one is completely anonymous we won't
tell anybody and you're gonna lie about
it anyway so it doesn't matter I just
want to know if you could give us some
heroin if you could give us some Aaron
send a son of you know the prereq this
is the worst idea are you our email with
heroin hey mister ream somewhere
how do you know how many did as I said
six and I hope I've now I don't think I
made the end button I feel like I'm
close to the end and I want to say he
looks like a mad ball don't do heroin
also don't recommend doing heroin I love
him this is my favorite he's a great he
looks like a mad ball do you remember
man balls no you might've been a little
too young I'm sure you remember bad
balls right yeah yeah I'm a youngin and
you grew up on a farm you don't know oh
fuck I was one scull away and mad balls
didn't make their way to the farm
nope just supergirl everyone knows that
uh-oh mines me that documentary about
the Fantastic Four is out now oh oh you
can get it let's watch what's it called
again doom doom where's that available I
don't know if the DVD or blu-ray is
available but it's on iTunes
oh it's like streaming you can rent it
or buy oh I'm definitely good at math
can you get like Amazon probably okay
I'm assuming if it's on iTunes it's
probably on Amazon as well oh that's
very excited yeah it's out there come on
they they wasted all of their promotion
I think they were probably just tangled
up in legals stuff sure trying to get
that taken care of
yeah be careful I'm sure they would have
loved to have a come out around the time
of the the new Fantastic Four disaster
and for tester yeah and for stick pen
for stick the blu-ray doesn't come out
until December ok well it's on iTunes
you can see it then which is all that
really matters
future famous person says I went to
class early and wrote I want that juicy
shack made on the board a few minutes
into the lecture people noticed and the
whole room left for stood up and took
pictures didn't take credit I was smart
that was a smart move the question is
were they laughing because they got the
reference or just because it was so
random and weird that's the question and
I'm not sure what the answer is yeah the
people who took pictures did or did they
did they just think it was some weird
thing you wouldn't care enough if you
were taking pic you know to take a
picture just yeah your random thing on
the board mmm probably not that's just
speculation sticking with it I'm
sticking with it but god lyric says rich
Jay and Jack what was the last superhero
costume you warm if you feel like
wearing a costume at a video game
there's a little game called DC Universe
Online for the ps4 and it's free you
fucks what is the story behind this
joining GAD what vs. DC Universe Online
er it's for you folks whatever they know
that gets set alive it's one person oh
it's just that's their thing okay he's
gobbledygook it's a game that has been
rec aget a lot of recommendations yeah
to get four games we should play and one
of them that we get a lot and now it is
a running gag is DC Universe Online okay
and it is free-to-play it's a
free-to-play game and I think you like
gobbledygook just hit that point where
it's like it's free you fucks you can
play this and now that's the bit okay
when I can never play it though okay
this that's the problem
superhero costume I don't think I've
ever worn one space cop I guess is that
counting hell I never wanted to be a
superhero for Halloween when I was
growing up if I wore a superhero costume
for rlm I don't think so ah you know
when I was a kid one year I'm spider-man
for Halloween which is somewhat
appropriate last last year we as a
family we dressed up as superheroes and
I was bizarro so that was uh probably
the last superhero dressed up as who's
bizarro I had a big thing like hairpiece
paint in my face and did the whole no
one knew who I was but I was with
Superman and Lex Luthor and Supergirl I
mean you know little backwards s and
they just called me Superman as well
it's like no no I had a purple outfit I
had the whole bizarro look was your skin
white huh where's your skin white yeah
yeah yeah this should have got that big
most people probably know who bizarro is
probably but he was on Super Friends
Sassie rich since thank you Richard
I'm Aiden sense some Harlem Funko's like
a year ago you guys ever get those are
now also I showed society to my friends
last weekend they reacted they reacted
exactly how you'd expect I'm showing
them how soon next oh that's a great one
to show to of course how soon Japanese
movie really really crazy visuals yeah
somehow released through criterion
yeah houses a great one to watch with a
group of people and here rich is giving
you the answer to your question I I want
to say we've shown those on stream
before before the fun codes you might
have missed them the other ones are
around they're scattered throughout the
studio so thank you for sending those
they're great yeah I know I know you
like to put them on top of the TV stand
but they're always in the way of like a
computer like a taskbar you can put them
wherever you want I think I just put
them there shove under there watching
over us fuck you oh sorry chin says good
evening jay jay and our do ghost movies
ever creeped you out or does knowing
ghosts don't exist just make the movies
matt to you i don't believe in ghosts
but some movies just ruined me team
butternut bro yeah i don't i don't
believe in zombies either but I like the
Romero zombie trilogy
yeah yeah I mean it depends on how its
executed I guess supernatural horror
movies aren't my favorite mm-hmm I like
some like poltergeist I didn't used to
be able to appreciate stuff like you
know ghost hunters think I kind of stuff
I used to be able to appreciate that
stuff more yeah I don't know just
something about being older I have a
harder time suspending my disbelief
so if it purports itself to be you know
true story
sadly that that I can't enjoy that as
much as I did once upon a time
same with same with aliens and
conspiracy series I used to oh sure
anything about UFOs yeah yeah I just I
can't anymore
I never had much of an interest in alien
stuff like alien abductions and their
evidence is just too bad it's too bad
and I can't even let myself yeah go with
it on the same way especially with those
ghost hunter shows I've never ever been
able to take those seriously like I'd
say for the last year I've been looking
for just a good like think about you
like UFOs or something like that and I
can't find one because I'm just this is
so clearly clearly bullshit UFO FILES
you're just stating things you're not
presenting any kind of evidence you're
coming up with the craziest conspiracy
you could think of and you're backing it
up with zilch
give me something
but when it comes to movies I mean
that's a different beast entirely
oh absolutely oh my god yeah we got some
look at all them gummy heads got some
shenanigans happen oh this is great
you got the pattern already anyway
because just like Skeletor these Scouts
are in the comic and the cartoon where
an outfit like this no like a purple
robe well he's got he's got like a hood
kind of thing that's not as large as
that and he doesn't have full robes he's
got like the exposed gay bar chest thing
going on that's right yeah yeah
you doing push-ups what is that no no
dance
that's my booty dance cuz I beat
Skeletor your butternut dance a
butternut dance oh by the way before we
get too far away from the topic we were
talking about earlier was supposed to
call aliens on the moon I don't know
it's the one where they just take
pictures of the moon and they highlight
just random blobby shapes different
colors and say look it's a thing oh is
that a spaceship what's that called
is it just called aliens on the moon
it's on Netflix mister was Oh either you
or Mike showed me clear that at one
point Mike someone who showed me first
okay yeah I don't remember this is the
most ridiculous thing I've ever seen
yeah I don't remember just a shadow and
they put like a circle around it little
bit take a picture of like some rocks
then you just randomly color three of
them blue highlighted look at that it's
a joke there's no way that that Rock
former ghosts on the moon is it actually
trying to be Superman no it's trying to
say alien bases okay I don't remember
that is there another thing about ghosts
on the moon rich ghosts on the moon
would be great this is like frog church
looks like sand you're leaving uh-oh
human randomly changed or murdering them
because you're a jerk I'm trying not to
but you know I'm here in frog they wake
up and they come after you right
murder them no no it's probably an
achievement from not verbing them and
that's how I feel about it
anonymous says Ferris Bueller vs Zack
Morris vs. Parker Lewis versus cop dog I
don't know the above well I mean Parker
Lewis can't lose
so I guess mmm
James revered acknowledge your honor
that came out the same time they had a
Ferris Bueller TV show yeah and even
though Parker Lewis is a blatant
knockoff of Ferris Bueller it was
superior in every way yep well that
Ferris Bueller show I don't even know if
it lasted a full seasons her I remember
watching one episode and thinking this
is terrible I watched the first episode
I was like no there was a Ferris Bueller
show there was and it's Emeritus yeah it
didn't last a full season the bitchy
sister on it though yeah in the movie
it's played by what's-her-face Jennifer
Beals yeah on the show it was Jennifer
Aniston really yeah pre pre famous
Jennifer Aniston now it's not as bad as
the Bill & Ted TV show that was bad yeah
it was Bill and Ted adventures
live-action TV show I don't think that
lasted a season either I don't think
that lasted an episode they may be the
only actor they got back from the movies
was Missy I think I think if I remember
I miss you isn't it she's like the only
person they got back they did a cartoon
though and that actually had Jana Reeves
and Alex winter oh yeah they did that I
think that might have lasted a couple
seasons I didn't watch it really
interesting but yeah that was actually
them I don't think they got George
Carlin for it but it was counter Eve's
and Alex winter tired and sad says have
you guys ever been unable to separate an
artist from their scandals to enjoy
their work like Mel Gibson Bryan Singer
Polanski Woody Allen etc I saw that
article like it was like Mel Gibson
everybody's okay with him again oh yeah
just recently because of some new movie
right because he's directed uh like an
Oscar babe movie
yeah that's like I don't know you you
can never like I get you can if you can
just numb yourself to their scandal but
it's always there
we're trying to think of someone who I
was actually really fun of that had a
scandal like that and I'm drawing blanks
I mean everybody loved Bill Cosby right
everybody loved Bill Cosby oh no and
that's that's ruined forever I was a I
was a huge fan of his stand-up I was
that he was a little bit of Alexis Bill
Cosby really about everybody in the
world literally hate him but that's a
bit ruined Mel Gibson's a dickhead like
but he's just a dickhead like he sucks
he is a dickhead yeah there are people
that have done much worse thing
absolutely absolutely
III would say for me it's victor salva
who i know i talked about once before he
did the Jeepers Creepers movies okay
when the arts has some sort of
connection to the artists as far as like
what they were guilty of and you can see
it in their work Oh like what
well victor salva he molested a boy a
young boy on the set of a movie you made
a movie called clown house oh god the
the lead actor was a little kid somehow
he continued to be able to work in
Hollywood he made these Jeepers Creepers
movies which are about this hideous
monster that preys on young children so
that is like now I can't I can't
distance myself from this at all no like
this creature clearly represents him so
nope God
yeah that's horrible so things like that
where it's like you can directly see it
in in their their work yeah like no
Chris Collins says hey guys let's change
this yep just wanted to suggest slash
remind you guys to see demon weddings
last possession movie and also I call
bullshit artist
that's for J oh well make my vulva sore
bullshit artist that's from the greasy
strangler which is a wonderful movie
that most people will hate okay I'm not
so familiar with it it just came out but
I'm not so familiar with many things so
not a surprise
that's nothing alien that thing yeah oh
yeah where everything this looks pretty
great monster wise yeah I'm really happy
with with their direction on this game
oh you're gonna die fuckin around that
spider here you go I don't know if I can
make it through another run I could use
a heart right about now loner our code
says bucket hey guys wait what movies
would you use to torture your audience
assuming that they are forced to watch a
clockwork watch it a Clockwork Orange
style their eyes open also what movie
what movie will we wear to torture
someone with a movie things thanks
thanks things are the jar ooh the jars a
good one thing the jar is less watchable
than things you might be right
yeah you might be right I didn't see the
tomb but that was more just boring right
yeah yeah that would drive anyone to you
know crazy so that's kind of what makes
the tomb horrible to watch the tombs not
the worst suggestion is the two worst
movie to be forced to watch than the jar
no I mean it's less pretentious so it's
not as bad oh okay
I mean Kevin we didn't get a new
character no are you done yeah you have
to start over from the beginning
alright I've never played are you doing
you're done for tonight actually it's
what time do we start 7:00 7:30 we'll
play a little bit more you want to get
through the tips I could through the
tips I left off at loner Eric on must be
over to the new guy too
I felt pretty I felt pretty good about
that run
what's this guy's name a skeleton you
have a shotgun now rich look and I kind
of love that ooh I can jump farther
black Kenny yeah those those reach
farther than the candy corn that's great
that's great a lot of people on reddit
or wanting to know if there will be a
half in the bag 2016 roundup near the
end of the year and will there be a fuck
you it's January I don't know if I'll
fuck you is January we will probably do
a roundup I've seen lots of stuff this
year that we haven't discussed yet not
so good stuff - oh good also Jack and J
either clerks review or commentary track
people love those shit their tracks yeah
I think that I mean we'll do more
commentary tracks clerks it's just like
a bunch of static sighs yes sculling de
I I forgot about the secret yeah yeah
yeah clerks it's probably better for a
review we could do a review I got I got
some shit to say about clerks we're sort
of specific about what we want to do for
commentary tracks cuz we want them to
hold up and not just be us kind of dryly
talking uh-huh you know you want to have
it be something that people can
relisting to because it is just I was
talking yeah so I'm doing this delivery
I want to see what's up there what's up
we're up up there up there to the right
you can get up there after you go
through I don't think you need to go
this way
you can get it from us you can't wait
yeah thanks oh yeah oh yeah no that's
fine thought I was finding some new
absolutely no that's great Jay talked
about the curling iron scene in The
Exorcist TV show oh my god I can't
believe they got away with that what
network television first of all the
exodus TV show is great shockingly good
and they do I don't wanna give away too
many spoilers because I do recommend
people watch it I don't think a lot of
people are like I don't think it's doing
very well ratings wise even though it's
kind of great but they'll do things that
sort of are like a subversion of what
you would expect based on the movie
because there's those those hallmark
bits from the movie like the head
spinning around and the vomit vomits
masturbating with the crucifix so in one
of the recent episodes they had a bit
where the teenage daughter that's got
the demon in her she almost like a
cutter you know and she's not a cutter
but she takes a curling iron and she'll
like press it on herself
okay sure and and she's in the bathroom
and she's got the curling iron it's hot
kind of goes a little frame with it and
yeah jobs that somewhere one should show
which isn't exactly what you'd expect
with it well but it's not a crucifix
and you don't see it coming you're not
expecting her to do that dreamer TK you
apparently need to see The Exorcist yes
does this TV show is really really good
it's smart it's well-written it's mature
it's not because I think of like the
fourth movie where it's like oh we got
to put this in it listen and all these
like Exorcist hallmarks but do it more
extreme and silly right it's it's a
really well-done show when a dreamer TK
was just saying masturbating with a
crucifix what like oh do you not know
what happens in the exorcism a dreamer
TK needs to see The Exorcist you should
see The Exorcist because it's the best
horror film ever made
yeah I don't need to go back down there
right I think that was just a bonus
we have dude but okay I forget
well is there a room down there too I
don't know if it's a ruined some of the
extra rooms you get a pump out an extra
pumpkin which is a life the next your
life and I forget whether this was a guy
or a pumpkin there's another moment the
most recent episode then that's kind of
like I can't believe they got away with
this on network I don't want to give it
away no don't give it away everyone
should watch it everyone should watch
The Exorcist TV show and apparently
everyone should watch it even though
this shouldn't need to be said everyone
should watch The Exorcist yes boom also
the British priest on the Exorcist TV
show is the best constant is is the best
Constantine than ever
Constantine lol stabbed my babysitter
assuming the comic book character
Constantine I only got one life that
guy's great on the show only got one
life yeah it's cuz I did those
experiments well fuck it oh oh yeah just
start over yeah you're welcome to glue
he just says thanks for the hours of
streaming crocodile Francis thank you
for still being broadcasting at 11:45
Eastern has anyone watched to mr. robot
welcome I won't throw that was super
nice of you as it turns out I'm a super
nice dude I know I know I know
okay mr. robot I haven't seen it I've
heard good things but I haven't watched
it I've heard very mixed things some
people go that's the worst thing ever
you know I'm sure it's fine I'm sure
it's not the worst thing ever
you know I'm sure it's better than the
jar yeah I guess we've got a higher
threshold for worse things ever than a
lot of people right right
build your immunity up yeah I can handle
anything at this point
oh yeah except for boring that's the
except for boring yeah well yeah that's
the problem is a lot of them are boring
now let's see here if it was made do you
guys think Tim Burton's Superman lives
would have been as bad or worse than
Zack Snyder comes worse yeah I don't
know
worse worse it would have been a worse
representation of Superman probably Oh
bad but it might have been a more
interesting movie oh he really wants all
them rooms I do I think much like the
Batman movie you know we're finally in
that period where we can look back on
the Batman movies and be like hey I see
I still think we're bad movies are
interesting in there for a while well
you know what shocks me in hindsight how
bad the costume looks oh yeah he can't
move his head why I got always noticed
that but I don't remember looking so
cheap I'd have to rewatch it I haven't
seen in a long time so no I mean Nic
Cage as Superman yeah it's terrible I
think no but it would have been it would
have had way more personality it would
have been a more even if it was a
failure it would be a way more
interesting failure than no wouldn't
have been Superman oh sure I am I do it
again you did I'm not a secret oriented
as you Jack I just get through the game
oh well if you want to just get through
the game yeah okay oh don't forget to
move them up yeah no it definitely would
have been a bad representation of
Superman but I think it would have been
a more interesting film I'll take that
oh yeah I mean it's hard to say because
it doesn't exist right no no I will I
will take that viewpoint I I think it
would have been bad though like I I
don't know oh yeah I don't know like
that and I mean I read the at least
Kevin Smith's treatment of the script
and that has nothing to do with the
version that they were gonna make though
well but that's what sold Tim Burton on
and you you could have assumed they
would have taken the bones well watch
that Death of Superman lives movie maybe
you'll take the draft that you ended up
going with
anything to do with Kevin Smith's if I
recall okay maybe he just really wanted
to work with Superman it doesn't
necessarily mean Kevin Smith that's the
script that sold me on it just gonna be
hello Superman
yeah I'm Tim Burton I wanted to say yeah
I know I it's been a while since I've
seen that documentary I want to say he
completely rewrote it after Tim Burton
came on board Oh like they didn't want
anything anything to do with the Kevin
Smith okay
he wasn't enough of an outsider the
character of Superman
yeah yeah Tim Burton movie a little bit
more quirky yes because that's what
Superman fucking means I've just that's
why it still wouldn't a bit of Superman
right sure I'll take this opportunity to
once again publicly thank this season of
Supergirl yep for giving us an actual
Superman no Superman's on it Superman's
on it now because like they've just
decided to say fuck it and buy their own
thing outside of the movies yeah is he
out of a lot no no he was a little bit
of the first two episodes and he's back
to Metropolis now see that's weird to me
that they have the DC Cinematic Universe
and then they have TV shows that have no
connection to it right at the same time
but that's commending the show's exist
in their own TVA universe oh so the TV
shows connect yeah okay the TV shows
connect I guess at least there's that
confusing mess all that DC stuff this is
the problem with comic books in general
yeah you know like I love the guy who
plays Barry Allen on the flash TV show
he's fun he has a great time he's a good
flash good character and I'm gonna watch
this movie and just check it's not that
actor hmm just like when you read a
comic book and like a different artist
comes on and you just go how it's not
drawn the way
like yeah that happened so often but in
any case the Superman Superman is on
Supergirl and the new season is pretty
good and he's he a large part of it yes
no no he's just a small part but you
know he's a good super little Hebe no no
he can't he like like I was telling rich
this the other day one of one of his big
things like there's this tiny little
scene where he's walking past a group of
soldiers he's like hey how's it going
hey thanks for serving your country
really appreciate you so he acts like
Superman he acts like fucking Superman
and they put him in a situation in which
his main goal is to rescue people and
like it's not about him being in danger
it's about other people it's crazy how
well they did this Superman
how does he compare to the Dean Cain
Superman I'm Lois and Clark the new
adventures of see right it's been a
while
Dean Cain actually Dean Cain has a role
in Supergirl what yeah I'm assuming
that's an inside joke right
he plays super girls adoptive earth
father okay he hasn't been around like
at all he's dead but like yeah in the
first episode of Supergirl like Dean
Cain looks kind of funny it's about yeah
and like just in this latest episode I'm
gonna forget her name who played Wonder
Woman on 70s Wonder Woman Lynda Carter
Lynda Lynda Lynda Carter is now the
president of this earth okay and so she
showed up and made a couple they have
some fun with it
it's way as fun I remember that they
have fun with this superhero that the
thing you said makes no sense to me
yeah and it's crazy yeah I tried to look
for a secret over there to I think
that's just a dead zone I don't remember
much about Lois and Clark the TV show I
know I watched it a little bit not a lot
and and how happy are you that it is
reported that George Lucas has zero
involvement in the Indiana Jones 5 that
Spielberg is
I'm shaping the film story who cares
I'll be honest with ya after crystal
skull its hi-yah is I really never make
me happy as if they announced that they
decided not to do it is it is it still
Harrison Ford yep
oh then I then I doubled on here I don't
want to see grandpa
Indiana Jones no not Indiana Jones give
it to Chris Pratt that guy's great
okay he's just waiting to be Indiana
Jones yeah I don't even know why
Spielberg would want to do another one
right he kind of did Crystal Skull is
like a favor to George Lucas like he
resisted it for the longest time he
didn't really want to he doesn't want to
go out like that and sure but maybe if
he's trying to redeem himself from the
last one cuz I I don't think he thinks
it's a good film right it's one of his
worst movies that couldn't you get you
mean you can tell by watching the movie
like his heart's not really in it mm-hmm
as far as the filmmaking goes I think
that's the the best the best answer is
he just doesn't want to end Indiana
Jones like that but I don't want back I
don't wanna watch grandpa Indiana Jones
yeah no offense to Harrison Ford but
that man's old and it's time to start
taking old man roles not not Han Solo
Indiana Jones anymore he worked his old
man han Solo
because I was actually a part of the
movie sure sure he's older you can do
that like Indiana Jones like no one
wants to see him old no no no one wants
to see him old I want to see him punch
Nazis you can't do that as hi J rich and
not Mike my friends and I love you all
much so I used my recent paycheck to
tell you this best of by the way J do
you or Mike see Specter
I thought oh the the James Bond movie no
and sit well good the the cardi Meister
thought it was shit compared to Skyfall
so yeah I've heard it wasn't very good I
think that's the general I'm not a huge
James Bond guy anyway
well there you go I think it's a shame
this is like it's the Blofeld one it's
like one of the few notable reoccurring
Bond villains oh really
yep showed you how much I know about
James Bond huh
okay recruit more prints for you it's
the closest James Bond has to an
arch-nemesis has already seen Evil Dead
wanted to and The Shining but they need
a must-watch Halloween movie trick or
treat Trick Trick are freeze yeah not
trick or treat Trick or Treat from a
couple years ago the Michael Dougherty
film that is that is the closest you'll
get to a must-watch Halloween movie the
it captures the spirit of Halloween
better than any other movie there you go
trick or treat
our treat I second that you know what
that you want to legit a horror movie
picked for me it might be that yeah
check our treat yeah Halloween party
years ago I don't know if you know what
I remember watching a little bit of it
and kind of being middling that there
was that one segment with the with the
actor from happiness oh yeah and I'd
like to I like his segment him as an
actor he's good and then there was an
Anna Paquin and a Paquin yeah there's
the werewolf segment I think I was I
think I was kind of middling about it
but we were half watching because you
know as a party exactly so
now it captures every because it's an
anthology it captures every aspect of
Halloween you get it from the little
kids perspectives like trick-or-treaters
know yeah you get it from the the
teenager perspective you get the grumpy
old neighbor that doesn't like Halloween
it has all his bases covered it's it's
perfect it's the perfect Halloween movie
oh great
Trick or Treat trick or treat Trick or
Treat we watch for best of the worst of
the word and that's fine too if you can
track it down but it's not it's not a
must watch the letter R trick-or-treat
shooting the bats is the way to go well
well you got the bone you have the
scatter gun you can shoot the bat and
the big bet the little bats and the big
bat so settle down let me have my moment
jack we'll see how far you get then
we'll see if you get your moment that
Michael dirty who did that and he did
Krampus I need to see Krampus Krampus is
a ghost watch Christmas movies almost
that it's almost Christmas it's almost
it's time to watch Krampus but he is
directing the next American Godzilla
movie real which is an interesting
choice that is interesting and it
bothers me because that means that we're
farther away from getting trick-or-treat
- he's would talk about that for years
no he does all this other crap instead
well although I can't complain cuz he
did Krampus he likes money and getting
paid for that stuff yeah originally it
was announced that he was writing
Godzilla - but then it was announced a
little bit later he's directing it as
well is there way up there yeah how we
can jump on that little gray thing down
yeah
the hell did you find that jack because
i I don't need I don't know how I'll be
honest with you I found it
you were just built for this kind of
shit this is this is my kind of game
look I thought I was leaning on spikes
it was terrifying
let's see here J when can we get a
higher quality version of mr. plinkus be
boston service never great that movie
will never be a high quality both as far
as the picture and the movie itself heyo
any chance of an extended cut of feeding
frenzy will ever get released I watched
it on one of the new year streams a
couple of years ago and loved it much
love no no there you go
we use Panama in that we're not gonna
pay for the licensing rights for Panama
hmm
any particular reason why the extended
reviews are on Soundcloud as it as
opposed to band camp like the
commentaries because we're trying a new
thing I'm just sort of experimenting
weird lots of services out there guys
see which one works best yeah
there we go let's see here please tell
us more about the lost Howard the Duck
drunk commentary track would you ever
try to record it again please I loved
that movie when I was younger still a
guilty pleasure I think we didn't we do
that contrary twice yes we did it sober
three times
no I think we did once just like trying
to do a normal commentary and it was a
failure answer like while as an
experiment let's try and get really
drunk for it and that was a giant
disaster not even yeah well you know you
never know yeah it could turn out
hilarious absolutely could turn out to
be a sloppy mess in a not funny way and
that's what it ended up turning out is a
sloppy mess in a bad way so we've tried
it it was a regular commentary and as a
drunk out Terry in a failure down I know
I saw you do it oh god damn it well my
reaction time was not good enough so you
know Howard the Duck could maybe be like
a review but we don't it where it
doesn't have to be the entire length of
the movie sure maybe it was an attempt a
bad one but it was an attempt he's doing
more commentaries Jack drink
I don't know what that means dreamer TK
yo you'll get you'll get some quality
drunk Jack soon enough how much was this
game by the way I don't know I got a
nice gift I think it was relatively
inexpensive totally worth it so ya know
it's fun game hopefully hopefully you
have some sort of slant o meter oh no
it's not I mean it's not bad no it's not
that noticeable good it's noticeable to
me
right cuz I'm adenine but I'm very
curious how that ended up
so far so good as I was so blasted
oh well I can answer part of this and
Jake can answer the other part how long
does it typically take to film edit and
upload an episode of best divorce well
filming is all fucking day yep it's a
full day because it's three movies and
then usually at least an hour
conversation lately it feels like it's
two hours almost every time yeah it
keeps getting longer for some reason too
verbose yeah we just keep talking about
this crap it's crazy so edit how long
what's what do you think is a typical
average edit for at least a week it's
it's it's a long process at least a week
at least a week I believe that I would
say on average all week long usually how
long usually I would say about a week
average of a week sometimes more it
depends on how long the discussion is
and trying to figure out what to keep
and it's it's it's a pain in the ass
gigantic gigantic pain in the ass I
believe so many parts to it but it's
just you guys watch some movies it
should be you just sitting there talking
how hard is that
someone says some funny put it in and
then we're like what's an upload on that
or you just kind of leave it overnight
um just leave it overnight it's like
generally like you know what their hour
is an hour yeah an hour of 1080p
motherfucker
yeah so that's a motherfucking long
upload mm-hmm all right let's see here
well we got NC's 1701 the D speaking of
Bill and Ted Alex winter what are your
thoughts on freaked oh I loved read
before yeah I don't know if I saw
freaked for the first time now as an
adult I don't know if I would love it as
it's hard to say I can't separate you
know growing up with it yeah but it's
very creative and very weird and there's
lots of wonderful practical creature
effects in it well there you go
also have you watched - Adam Wingard
segment in VHS - I mean VHS - in a
winGuard did your next and my guests
which are both great movies and then II
unfortunately did the new Blair Witch
which is bad wait the new Blair would do
that yeah oh you didn't watch our half
in the bag on it you know what generally
I will only watch your half in the bag
if it's a movie I've seen okay and and
then usually I don't watch it because
like I can talk this is true and then I
could have a conversation with you yes I
don't always watch your half in the bag
program I'm sorry that's fine his
segment in VHS - I've seen VHS - I think
he did the one with the eye the guy can
see I replacement I barely remember it I
saw it once late at night and I was half
asleep
no so I don't know but the guests is
great and your next is great
oh you're right NCC 17 it must have
moved down that that wasn't NCC's
question I was mixing two tips together
but we still talked about it
he didn't want to take responsibility
for that question apparently yeah
Oh have you seen any of the purge films
there's six by now there's three I'm not
I know no no I saw a part of the second
one okay my problem with those movies
like if you're gonna do that premise
it's so ridiculous
you need to do it in like a over-the-top
satirical Paul Verhoeven way mm-hmm
but they seem to take the premise
seriously yeah is not the way to go
because it's completely stupid if you're
gonna do it do play it a satire or
something but they seem to treat him
seriously so who cares yeah one night a
year where murder is allowed that
premise is dumb no no I think that's a
fair premise like unfortunately like
nobody wouldn't murder anyone that night
everyone would just like do insider
trading everyone would take the whole
year and find like all of the legal
loopholes to not pay taxes there are so
many things wrong with that price but
like that'd be a little bit of murder
they're probably a little bit of murder
probably that was like a rich heavens
take on a jack I'm proud I'm proud of
well that's that would be the Paul
Verhoeven's anchor you do something
satirical like crime is legal for
whatever it is 12 hours mm-hmm and yeah
like not a lot of people are just going
out and like stealing and killing people
everybody's yeah trying to figure out
like white-collar crimes do that's
interesting exactly that's it that's a
great purge form
white-collar crime yeah that's
interesting where they really destroy
society yeah I could be fun that's not
like all I've heard about the purge
movies is like it's it's this like we're
big world building premise but they're
all too focused on a single event where
it doesn't feel like a whole world and
so it's like I never got it but they've
made eight movies so they've made eight
they've made their on number 27 right
now a murder day wait did you just
destroy your lunch with your with your
bones one of these yeah no I don't think
so
I got hit while I was ducking on did you
or did you dish first and bricks up
there yeah wait wait go back
what what no I'm Tom that's why I fell
down oh yeah that's right sorry I
thought I thought it was a secret
I thought you stumbled upon a secret
I rich rich and Jack do not care about
VR at the moment so if there's a any VR
game if you're asking us if we've heard
of it we'd probably have not been paying
attention to it because we don't really
care about view we don't have one that's
expensive they're very expensive and
there doesn't seem to be you know the
must-have app store yet it's a whole big
discussion it's a whole thing it's a
whole thing
hello
whoa nice catch rich did you throw it
out for a second it was in mortal terror
I was in shock and horror
nice
noise nothing like watching a little
green skeleton wearing purple pains of
vomiting bones on other monsters you
know it works
it just works nice oh you're you're like
hip deep in pumpkins rich doing great
gotta keep the pressure on though don't
get sloppy don't get loose with it
Tiberius Kirk I did see the in-store
demo video of the guy falling on his
face oh yeah yeah what is this someone
was trying like a
lvr it was like a rock climbing VR game
and and he fell forward while while
demoing it fell on his goddamn face
he looked like an idiot good I hope he's
dead
no no you know how bees deadness family
suffice Oh God
his family suffers a horrible
embarrassment terminal embarrassment his
family dies of embarrassment I didn't
see that and we're done talking about
via Joe I was just about to scream for
you someone has a question that only you
can answer okay is there any chance no
of printing more red letter media
archive DVDs um probably not at this
point okay you can stream it right it's
you can stream it yeah it's available on
the VA check site oh okay well that's
that's what you need to know then
but the actual physical disk is now a
rare collector's item is there is there
something on the disk that it's not
available screaming uh the commentaries
which are worthless con Terry's are good
people like the commentaries everybody
likes got very dry well a good campaign
we have to we have to upgrade what is
available to us on VA checks so I can
add like the feeding frenzy commentary
and if there's enough space left over
maybe we can do the archive commentaries
okay the problem is the way vhx is set
up it has to be a completely separate
video oh really
yeah so when you have you know whatever
it is on the archive 20 videos or
something yeah it's another 20 videos on
top of that with the commentaries so oh
is that our yeah okay well that's good
to know but something like feeding
frenzy it's not that bad it's like
there's the movie and there's the
commentary it's just two different two
videos right right
but all those short films that's a lot
of stuff and they're saying what about a
volume - the problem is it's all crap
well no the problem is we used to make
stuff all the time
oh wait rich go back OOP so so we had a
ton of material built up down there oh
yeah you can see the cracks in them now
we shoot videos all the time that we
post on the website right so we don't
make as much random crap right so
there's not not a whole lot to put on it
that yeah we had years of random shit
built up when we did the first one who
knows if you can find any more random
shit exactly Never Say Never though okay
there you go
now let's see here rich Jack and Jay
love rlm and prereq you guys should
check out the Shadowrun games also any
possibility attending a review of trick
R treat and the sequel
there is no sequel well I think
somebody's fuckin with you trying to
this is the other thing I think the
reaction was supposed to be they made a
sequel but they didn't I don't think
that's what they're I think they're
trying to fool you I suspect like that
would be a really it would be a really
good idea to do a review of
trick-or-treat
if the sequel comes out sure cuz then
you get you then you get the twofer
that's very convenient that's how we've
done that now with Independence Day and
Blair Witch and there's plenty of them
yep because then you can do a half in
the bag I mean a new movie a review on
the old movies it's great boom boom the
best thing to come out of Hollywood
having no new ideas is us you know they
make videos about the originals really
easy for us to put out content now yeah
it starts the first trick or treat the
only trick or treat yep it's too too
late this year to do it so that would
have to be like a next year thing if we
were to do it as a tie-in with Halloween
which yeah you could really make it at
any point and then when Halloween time
comes around people will hold oh shit
wow you beat that one oh my god it's all
them bones
I beat them fast with my health sure
sure but you beat him that's all that
matters
J when are you gonna start your vlogs
again people want to know what you have
to say about the latest controversial
topic I guess right now it's it's an
election season it would be a good time
to do the vlog be a good time to bring
the bring the vlogs back now and you
don't have to destroy the spiders photo
right
oh my god let's see here rich here's
five bucks to get good you forgetful
fuck lol fuck my rock why do we get a
glitch i glitched out of the map and
we're done with four lives oh no I know
all the runes I'm done I'm officially
done
wait wait wait can you is there like a
oh wait restart does that reset you the
beginning of just the level beginning
this is the worst oh let's just see what
I mean we have to end anyway so let's
just hit restart ah
rich what a disappointing ending you
were doing very I know I was I know I
was you were doing very very well
oh we get to see the story now deep
within Africa
I'm sure rich is very concerned about
the story an undead sorcerer lurks Oh
Dennis
we fought him he weaves an ancient spell
and spirits begin to rise XO cooler out
of his sleeves using my sleeve All
Hallows Eve now lads all right bah ah
like the nightmare begin Oh sad little
jack-o'-lantern No
no no guys bugs happen obviously like
this is a one-man team look at game by
Peter Lazar ski Peter doesn't have time
to check for every little glitch bugs
happen glitches happen it's frustrating
it's just unfortunate that happened
right there
yeah it's all understandable bud you
know send him that clip of where rich
glitched out and maybe a pageant all
right let's go hey guys sorry if this
has been mentioned before I know you
aren't into fighting games but check out
terror dome it's fun campy indie game
with Ghostface Freddy and pinhead terror
dome okay
have you ever Nev you seemed last night
no it's like the only good Canadian
movie I don't think I've ever even heard
of it no well we know we're not Canadian
you know we're not been 18 but maybe
they don't know we're we're from
Wisconsin and that's really close to
Canada yes we know Canadians that's true
that's true
I have family in Canadia is there a
movie where the commentary track is more
interesting than the movie itself I
don't know about more interesting but
evil - great commentary Troy has a good
comment so does army alert me if every
army of Darkness if I remember right
yeah any gamble any John Carpenter and
Kurt Russell controls a little China
that one's great or they don't talking
about the movie they talk about their
kids another John Carpenter makes fun of
Captain Ron those leaves I was an
interesting commentary what I remember
yeah the best thing ever but I was good
insightful commentary right so the mint
one that's better than the movie I got
one and yes I have listened to this
commentary track and I bought this DVD
the Ben Affleck daredevil movie okay
listen to the commentary track and all
it is is the director talking about all
the stuff he wanted to do and shitting
all over the movie oh god look how bad
that sad look oh really oh yeah and this
scene in the scene we wanted to we
actually thought about see
a flex head because he looked and we
didn't want him to look and we couldn't
get a take of him not looking here he's
supposed to be blind why is he looking
so the daredevil Ben Affleck movie I
even heard the whole thing but I know
for some weird reason Armageddon came
out on criteria ok hearing collection
and I've seen some clips of it on like
YouTube or something where it's Ben
Affleck on the commentary just making
fun of the movie and now the entire
premise doesn't make any sense
that's great but I haven't listened to
the whole thing but that sounds fun
that's great that's great alright and
sorry
oh wait also why do some people not like
Wes Anderson I can see that he has a
very he has a very specific and sharp
style if people don't like that style
they wouldn't like him yeah sorry I
meant they are supposedly making a
sequel to trick-or-treat which is why
they made the comic book I ran out of
room though they made a comic book of
trick R treat yeah I've never read it I
don't know what's in it no oh my god yes
we're gonna check up like mirror and
thoughts on terror vision I love terror
vision haven't seen it I have terror
vision on blu-ray right
the theme song will be stuck in your
head for days and there's lots of fun
monsters in it well great why don't we
take a moment and thank all the people
who subscribe to us caught up great I
burned through a couple that yep alright
hold on here we're gonna it's it's my
phone telling me that it's time to go to
sleep oh that's right there's an app
there's an app on your phone your new
iPhone before bedtime and it's supposed
to regulate your sleep schedule but
which is done often I'm over here with
this dickhead who's done now
all hand saw wow it's almost midnight
it isn't what's my name they should hold
hands I says well how Diggity damn wait
this one this one far later than
expected you know why because Halloween
forever is a pretty fun game yeah ah no
fear no Envy for 20 fuckin months in a
row know if you're nobody says go ghosts
and goblins
I got no ghosts and goblins blue wings
23 machine gun savvy total misanthropy
for Donnie Lee wait and fit Donnelly
tiny Tic Tac epic man you Zant's set the
sequel does that there's like hundreds
of sets like aliens yeah oh yeah that's
I would watch that we should just make
that why don't the guy who made the
movies dead that's I'm sure no one
renewed the copyright that's our next
project zat sense we've obtained a
sample of wolf dangerous alien species
known to man of course there's only one
alien species known to man I've never
seen no he's not an alien it's a guy he
turns himself into a catfish monster
deliberately right yeah that's a great
quick as he wants to find love he wants
to find love and he thinks he'll find
love as the catfish monster don't they
imply that at the end isn't in there
pregnant lady or something and he has
the lady and she dies and he's like
carrying her out into the okay okay okay
so the government is looking for this
for a super soldier project they've
heard stories of the monster of Alabama
or wherever it's filmed and and they
fired a DNA sample and they clone well
the monster the monster no the monster
isn't dead he's been making zat's all
along what the monster at the end of zap
yeah he's been making more sets okay
he's been impregnating ladies
making sense oh I get it I like it I
like a mad servo starts talking about
that just took up that pen fair errant
pacifist pussy boo theater J hooker for
twenty six fucking months in a row wait
ragged scribe fifteen months in a row I
love you guys
a Michele eighty seven for twenty six
fucking months in a row a Michele wants
us to mash those buttons evil dead run
krob for eighteen months in a row and
crop says two fucking months to go poop
dick 5079 you guys gonna do a six-string
it has a few bugs but it's a great game
rich will hate it though Oh twerk Jesus
John 1089 13 months in a row is my 13
month anniversary or replacing by 12
month anniversary yes yes that's how it
works
tightest of feel do be sandwich two
months in a row to be sandwich this two
months in and I just got my medication
for my manic depression well I make it
to three years open I have to keep
giving us the money and not your
medication right things it's good for
your health loner arch on twenty six
fucking months in a row
Telos of gaming tell us again that was
all those were sounded out yep Hiero gin
six no we MN Daedra please two days from
retirement to second T entire mented to
those two keys in the end I don't know
why today's retirement - that's the name
and I read it god dammit
today's from retirement to says guys
validate me and make me feel good about
this table that's gonna say comment
this is commitment he's getting ahead of
myself commitment should have two T's on
the end commitment committed it should
vend remove and Hren
van Rijn is the name optimist no hypno
Brett specs poor 21 fucking months in a
row nothing better than watching you
guys in the spooky month of October keep
it up
guitars Oh twenty fucking months in a
row guitars oh says rich have you ever
played any of the early Bungie games
like marathon or pathways into darkness
no great cynics River
Elvis delve is 27 fucking months in a
row Elvis says well I'll never get that
back Mac garages 47 chaos 14:28
still unemployed but forgot to shut off
the twitch sub so I have some money love
you guys and as always go fuck
yourselves will to tear both eyes out
turbo thiazide says local brewery made a
stranger thinks themed beer called
friggin bar by the time we get it it'll
probably be past Halloween but I guess
that doesn't matter
oh that's great I would like if anyone
has or knows where to get the the which
hard cider I can't ruin the name of the
company that makes it mhm but there's a
witch the movie the witch unofficially
an officially licensed the witch hard
cider yeah I've looked for it and I
haven't not been able to find it
anywhere
get on that intermittent hunchback Jack
for 17 months in a row take my money and
keep doing what you do easily my
favorite twitch stream thanks guys Thank
You hunchback tech star Horrible's 17
months in a row
jubilation fornicate left phallus there
is an exclamation point after jubilation
jubilation for I get my fellows
jubilation you're better if I thought
wow pretty Oh so Sergio but you know
what that felt that felt good that felt
right this is knowledge junkie fifteen
months in a row lol ides my March atomic
mafia mr. creepy Grand Moff Kali 24
fucking months in a room poke my phone
crocodile brain 24 fucking months in a
row you guys are just the best as always
hello to Jane can we just ban daylight
savings time already for the love of God
lol don't touch my clock yeah well you'd
have to touch it at least one more time
because we are currently in daylight
savings time yeah we should leave it
like this we should stay in daylight
savings time all the time hmm that'd be
my preference sure hippie scum space
come oh no no not space camo but I said
it anyway so I'm gonna keep saying 26
fucking months in a row
happy Halloween d try D tried eat right
magical Flying Tiger Flying Tiger says
hi J oh hi observation 9000 nope
observer Tron Wow
observe Itron 9000 this is like nope I
got there eventually
like no sorry P peacocking 9 that's a
penny urban bourbon for 12 months in a
row and urban bourbon says one year I
made it but now I must unsubscribe
because I need these funds to buy a
house
thanks for the year and thanks for the
cheers Thank You urban vermin and nobody
else cuz once again Jack read the last
one without saying and oh yeah you know
I have to say and Z and then you say and
ermine vermin and then it includes
everyone to say like thank you all for
subscribing I'm really appreciating
something at the all-inclusive thank you
but like we could just say that as a
separate sentence like all of you thank
you you know like you know I don't think
the and is really necessary it
punctuates if punctuates that we are
done talking about
