Aug 14, 2016
Half-Life 2, No Man's Sky
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/86933658
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/86934815
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vHot35dw4qM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QFKn7iFds1o
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/764879970493689856

[Part I]
go stream mr. holy fuck balls hello
people hello people oh hello sheep oh
shit
good morning she pulling it where did
she pull start sheep oh I like the first
time I heard it it was a joke
wake up sheeple I don't know if it's
ever been like used seriously okay joke
as I know you know I only know it as a
joke
wake up sheep okay before we get too far
into this we probably won't be talking a
ton about no man's sky as that is the
next previously recorded we want more
time to get into it we've barely
digested it we've barely digested so I
know there's a lot of no man's sky talk
Jack just just recently got back from
vacation and it didn't come out on Steam
until like two days ago
that's that shit going on so we're not
gonna be a ton of no man's sky talk so
we're playing half-life 2 I guess we're
playing you came over and you wanted to
play half-life 2 right those a little
bit odd a little bit on because you know
what you know this is a classic game I
refer to this game often as you know a
great storytelling game and that
integrates gameplay into story but
here's the real reason why I wanted to
play and I hope everyone's ready for
this ready on my lap is a is a number
pad and a gaming mouse because I have
decided that Jack it's time for Jack to
be a grown-up it's time for Jack to be a
big boy and I've decided I'm going to
teach myself come hell or high water how
to use a mouse and keyboard now before
you teach yourself how to do this and
now you want to use the number pad
because that's what I like to use yes
mall it's portable yeah it's every game
you play on from here to infinity yeah
get ready to rebind your controls yes oh
it's Jack's turn to pick finally taking
off the train oh yeah no and you know
what part like the mouse I've always
been okay with my biggest problem with
the mouse and keyboard has always been
the keyboard yeah like just pret like
getting your fingers in the right
place using WASD never felt right to me
and like quick swapping weapons and
doing stuff with the keyboard never felt
right until my friend rich Evans said
just use a number pad because then
they're all in a grid and I said to
myself that's the fucking smartest thing
that is the smartest thing I've ever
ever heard is just use it on a grid so
already though I need to rebind stuff so
I'm gonna do normal difficulty and we're
gonna rebind everything so forward is
going to be up on the number pad back is
going to be back oh no you know what I
don't want down on the number pad I want
I want middle on the number pad left is
gonna be I I don't think we're gonna be
talking about the riot too much you know
what I didn't even find out about it
until this morning there there was there
was a small riot on the north side of
Milwaukee last night I know very little
I only know everything you guys know
which is what the news is reporting and
it's terrible it's terrible and you know
but it you know what it like it wasn't
in my neighborhood it wasn't even close
to me yeah I was never in danger so yeah
we don't have much to add to the city to
to the conversation so jump I think I
won't jump to be enter on the on the
gamepad because that's the big key you
know small riot sounds silly why every
right has to be big your sizes are you a
riot sizes you want a riot here no not
my towel yeah that was a small riot you
just saw a small riot
I don't yeah I don't know I actually
like it like I said I don't even know
how big the riot was some buildings were
put on fire some cars were smashed some
people were arrested that's all I know
so what do we want for Sprint I'm gonna
have to sprint we might have to sprint
every once in a while which is out of
control
Taysom good right do you think we'll
have to sprint or duck more
sprit you think I'm always spread okay
ducts is sometimes trade ducts is
sometimes treated okay okay so then
primary tack - one second I'd like for
us to reload weapon now see now we have
to start figuring out that jumps the
mouse key jump and reload I guess I got
the fancy mouse with the buttons I'd
like to have those on the mouse jump on
the mouse
I would I have I have four buttons on
the side one of them is in most games
one of them is usually reloaded and the
other is jump sure one next to the other
and like reload I could see in the mouse
like I think reload is gonna be this one
okay this button right here I don't have
any on the side of my mouth they're all
in the top use item let's make that this
one Mouse five crouching is usually not
something you have to do in the heat of
the moment right it's like something you
can think about later so doesn't need to
be ultra accessible you know why you're
right
alright we are gonna apply we are gonna
apply in the mouse seems to be good but
well I'll check now
let's start a new game very curious how
this can work dolphin from sequence us
Jack yes other than Citizen Kane citizen
came other than Jason Kane not citizen
came oh sure which movies made before
1960 do you enjoy the most
I don't enjoy Citizen Kane I think that
was a intentional date gun me cuz I I
understand I've seen it once yeah I
understand it's very very influential
it's very groundbreaking one of the most
important movies to modern cinema I
actually don't enjoy watching it I find
it to be very very boring played around
with a camera a lot and interesting
shots composition I know that well the
the composition it was one of the first
movies if not the first movie it's been
a while since I've looked in the film
book that used scene setup and camera
placement as a storytelling device la
basically invented modern cinematography
no every other movie before that was
just a stage play you know that they
just put
or somewhere and they filmed a stage
play so I understand why Citizen Kane is
super important I just find it very very
boring okay no game zone oh you know
what I see that I see that for some
reason top audio is all the way down
whoa give me a second I think it's
usually right there can you please turn
on subs for the game oh yes yes I can
thank you
okay now you should be here yeah I see
game sound already and let's see this
tape here and go to options and probably
audio and go to subtitles dialogue don't
they look like sound effects would that
be great boom boom boom boom boom boom
can we do Dakka Dakka Dakka Dakka okay
subtitles kablooie dialogue and sound
effects every time you shoot your gun
you see a bang
yeah bang bang bang now I kind of want a
game that does that have a great maybe a
great gimmick okay so I've played a
couple other games like you started
playing the original half-life with a
mouse and keyboard just the right before
I went on vacation just so I can start
getting used to the idea of using a
mouse and keyboard yeah and the whole
hey what what's your damage it's been a
while since I played this game and so
the whole point of this is to make Jack
better at mouse and keyboard I am
learning mouse and keyboard also turn on
some of the video effects if you have a
good PC and I do Oh
graphics video oh my god that resolution
didn't kick that up right off the bat
I scream virtual reality disabled
advanced detail hi hi hi reflect yeah
this is all hi okay what do anti daily
crank that up all the fun way yeah yeah
boom yeah motion blur yeah I personally
never got a big motion blur guy but it's
fancy high dynamic range we got wait for
verticals things to say yeah this looks
great all right cut apply this might
fuck everything up what for for to Nami
anime closed captions they actually do
that it is hilarious
highlights include yelling exasperated
Mon and assorted gunfire gunfire I love
it I love it okay so now look at this we
got this now this looks super fancy
piously no but it's still a game that
came out many many years ago what future
famous person says what is your personal
favorite blanket review nemesis yeah
possibly tied with the insurrection
review
you know what I'll just say I'm gonna
I'm gonna be but a little boring here
yeah that's fine and I'm just gonna say
generations because it was the first and
you know like as soon as I remember
seeing generations and just thinking to
myself Mike has really got something
Mike didn't think much of it yes it was
just like an interesting project he was
working on the side mmm and I saw it I'm
like he doesn't know what he's cooking
with gas yeah yeah absolutely this is
legit funny mm-hmm this can go somewhere
oh yeah I was I was the only one at rlm
that anticipated some kind of success oh
yeah yeah Mike Mike caught him off guard
me I'm thinking this this could be
something oh yeah yeah rich confirmed
for no modesty no that was I mean that
was the benefit of actually not being
involved with making it was just
something like Mike sent me a link I
made this wacky thing with about
generations gonna watch it yeah yeah
sure I'll take a look at it I remember
some of this
I remember some of this nonnamous says
hey Jack and rich I both look marvelous
other evening on the planet Earth
time for the philosophy question of the
week okay do you think consciousness is
material or immaterial consciousness is
is caused by material things it's
material it's in its information
consciousness is information I don't
even I barely understand the question so
I'll just go with rich on this one man
look at these graphics you know
consciousness is a series of electrical
signals yeah so sure it's material it's
a real it's a real thing it's more than
the sum of its parts I don't know no
that's just what we think it is because
we're egomaniacs I don't I don't believe
it could be separated from the material
world I'll go with that
practicing like moving and aiming at
shit
no no idea remove an aim and shit at the
same time this is so weird the other
like already my wrist feels like it's
gonna fall off and I've barely played it
alright
Jedi Knight was the first game that got
me to use a mouse and keyboard before
that oh my oh my uh first person gaming
was like like Wolfenstein and doom where
up and down was it a thing yeah you
could play doom just fine with just the
arrow keys yeah yeah it's like I don't
even play Doom with a with a controller
I just use the arrow fucking case nice
and when quake came out I didn't have a
computer that was good enough to run it
huh so I didn't I didn't really play the
first quake but then the year that quake
2 when Jedi Knight came out I had got a
new PC mm-hmm and Jedi Knight quake 2
and Jedi Knight that was my Christmas
one year glorious extremely glorious and
I instantly saw the advantages of
looking up and down oh yeah
and I just I taught myself how to do it
which is why I got the funky number key
thing and I don't do the WASD like
everyone else for the W and the S or the
same finger I got this like weird claw
grip when I do it oh yeah yeah that's
that's just weird to me but I said it
took me an evening to get used to it it
didn't take too long
you were younger you were your mind and
your body were more malleable I mean I'm
an old man that could be but I also
firmly believed that I couldn't de verte
mice D invert myself sure it took it
took one night of strife to get me most
of the way there
oh okay so I have faith that you can do
it jack
thank you I need all the faith I can get
I whoa whoa sorry you're glitching right
out RJ I'm gonna throw away some more
stuff all that garbage I'll display
Tim salmon says when we first heard
about all the horrible shit that went
down in Milwaukee today my girlfriend
and I thought of you guys first oh we're
glad you're healthy and safe we
unfortunately we really weren't that
close to it
no no it's horrible to watch the whole
thing no it's not we're not closer but
still let's not too far in the grand
scheme of things oh no no it's it's 15
minutes away
yeah it's 15 minutes away but you know
obviously a powder cake yeah we live in
a powder keg oh look at this city rich
reminds me of uh just like wacky goofy
sci-fi idea me and my Academy mmm and
back in high school or we're talking
about like this dystopian future where
there was this horrible rundown city but
this giant glorious tower in the middle
of it all where all the rich people
lived you know and just because we're
silly like like like this big rolling
pin was gonna come out of the tower
it was gonna like come down to the
ground and like in a circle it was just
gonna like wipe out all of the
impoverished areas oh man I you know and
I know you've never played this is the
half life boat cuz like I said like I
mentioned half-life one yeah that was
that was still on the quake one engine I
don't believe quake 2 had come out yet I
missed half-life 1 oh sure just because
of computers
timing I didn't really have computer
that was quite up to it and I missed it
I remember I remember playing this a
while ago I played this on the Xbox 360
and already I'm getting a little the
nostalgia is kicking in yeah just seeing
that city center right there look at
that now I just have to remember where
to go
Oh get in here look at this little
window you can peek in someone's getting
like interrogated in there oh sorry no I
believe skull Tollhouse says Jack that
does your new phone maturity mean your
$200 Xbox controller has been consigned
to the dustbin I will still use it when
Max but even me as a vowel mice and
keyboard guy yeah there's still plenty
of games I prefer the controller for
like the Arkham games games totally
through and through you know there's
plenty of games that are just controller
there's still plenty of uses for a nice
controller and that controller is so
fucking nice but you know what you know
what I'm thinking
the the reason I want to get started on
this now is because I know as soon as I
am able to upgrade my computer I'm gonna
play overwatch on it we should do that
soon huh we should do that soon we don't
know you know we will I'm looking at
stuff I'm looking at stuff but it's
gonna happen sooner or later
I didn't I I still need to I still need
to send you the link for the RAM upgrade
and then I should probably think about a
new video card or something down the
road not immediately yeah yeah it's like
spend a couple years
oh not up there okay I won't go up there
oh Jesus correct Jesus Christ
mr. Fibble 9 hello from England Jack and
rich have you two seen Suicide Squad
also lol Roger my tallywacker Roger my
tallywhacker I have not seen the Suicide
Squad yeah neither right funny story
mildly mildly funny story mildly amusing
story I got roped into going to the
Renaissance Faire today yeah I was I was
a Renaissance Faire ringer today okay
and we're watching like the Durkin guido
surd fighting show and they do like a
comical sword fight stage
yeah and person behind me this girl says
this is better than Suicide Squad yeah
personally I have not seen Suicide Squad
I probably will eventually just because
I want to know what all the hate is
about but is it is just not high up on
my list woah woah I think they're
shooting at me I'm pretty sure they're
shooting at me
I am I hear nothing but bad things did
you hear about like weekend box office
they had an almost 80% drop oh my god
ticket sales well they're opening week
was so insane
they got like a hundred and thirty-five
well we got like AB large number opening
week didn't they they killed it yeah but
they're I mean they're already like oh
well fuck they're already on pace oh
fuck they're already on pace not to make
their money back oh oh that's right
that's right that's right I remember I
remember that was a forest failure I'll
talk about the run fair adventure but I
got so many tips just keep coming Jack
Brad well yeah and yeah so like so
suicide oh oh we remember her ah Suicide
Squad I've heard nothing but bad things
I saw a very funny video today about it
was some girl like going through all of
these like ridiculous plot holes and
yeah like I now I'm I'm more curious to
see it just to see all the plot holes
than hey about it being a good movie
I'm interested in it but I don't want to
give them any more money you know yeah
Oh Alex not obsess jack speaking of news
and crime did you hear that Steven
Avery's making a murderer nephews
conviction was overturned because his
prosecutor perhaps because prosecution
slash defense was so fucked up 90 days
until freedom or retrial yes I did did
you watch making a murderer I started to
yeah I never finished him oh yeah yeah
yeah oh I was hooked man you watch that
first episode that and he's just we
actually I was talking about this that
that did come up up north I was up north
this week this past week and and that
came up because we all saw the news and
actually some of the people we were up
north with new people who knew people
you know who like were around Appleton
at the time that all happened and like I
think one of one of the big problems
with the documentary and the filmmakers
have said like this documentary is not
about either of their innocence we are
not here to prove that these people are
innocent or guilty this documentary is
about the missteps the justice system
took okay mistakes were made on every
single level and so these these guys did
not get a fair trial and that's what all
the documentary was about but then like
you see the documentary you go well of
course Steven Avery he's innocent of
course of course he is how could you do
it but like there's a bunch of stuff
that they left out of the documentary
that like was about his innocence or
guilt but it had nothing to do the
justice system and so it's it's really
it's fair it's a wonderful dog country
but it's literally just about how the
police fucked up and the court system
fucked up okay and I did see that this
kid this kid who is mentally challenged
was bullied into giving a confession
and part of his confession was like
admitting that he helped rape and murder
this girl that was part of this boys
confession his teenage kids confession
and then after he confessed he was
wondering if he'd be able to go to
Wrestlemania that weekend
he just didn't you can just tell he did
not understand the things he was saying
and he was bullied into confessing so
hopefully hopefully both cases are
looked at again because there was some
there were some not cool stuff happening
over there Brendon can finally go to
Wrestlemania
right oh yeah no um miscarriage of
justice does not do it justice oh I was
so fucked up like Steven Avery you know
if you saw the first episode you know he
was like wrongly convicted of rape like
20 years prior you have to be careful
though because documentaries they can
twist facts oh of course
they can twist facts they cannot they
cannot stay selectively show what they
only what they want to show oh right
right I'm Gordon Freeman I am Joe by the
way check out how not to make a movie
the documentary about the making of
gorillas interrupted that's a great
movie that's a great documentary that's
not to make a movie that's hilarious
can I pick this up I can't pick up this
paper I'll get back to uh oh okay I'll
talk about the run fur
oh I'll be reading tips on that sure
it's a girth around there I got I got
roped into going Karen was gonna go to
the red firm okay she was gonna go with
the Renaissance Fair Renaissance Fair in
Bristol and she's gonna go with some of
her girlfriends okay people she went to
high school with and the last-minute
like the day before one of them couldn't
go she had a job thing okay and the
other friend who I'm just gonna call
Barbara was bringing her her boyfriend
mm-hmm and so I just in order to have it
not be like an awkward third wheel thing
yeah I had to go it was your it was your
manly obligation yes yes to
company your lady to the Renaissance
Fair and III learned a lot about our LMS
demographic okay how many times do you
think I got recognized a bunch in front
of like a bunch of nerds who like to
dress up as Renaissance people I would
guess at least 10 times wasn't 10 but it
was four okay that's pretty I got
recognized four times I'm on the way in
mm-hmm this guy has a girlfriend
oh you're rich have a nice man I only
took a picture with him and I get in and
walking around like 10 minutes later ah
hey you're rich Evans Oh actually he was
he was really clever about it anything
cuz a prick I really appreciated this he
looks at me and I can instantly tell cuz
I've been through this it's not my first
rodeo all right
I instantly saw his look of recognition
but he points at me Jesus you're wearing
that back to the Future t-shirt and I'm
like okay maybe you didn't recognize
maybe he just likes me back to the
future and then he he faked me out cuz
he did recognize it was me nice while he
was running to get his camera to take a
picture with me somebody else walked up
and said I just heard your voice you're
rich Evans I just I just heard that
voice it's pretty recognizable to me at
least and then one other guy who was
like like in line for some kind of that
I think the what are they saw a
sarsaparilla or the sir something what's
a drink they got got some kind of black
licorice soda cuz basically what it is
okay and this guy just it turns he looks
at me looks go straight at the eyes
adjust your it was more like confusion
like if I if I didn't know if I didn't
know in my head that he was recognizing
me I would have thought he had mental
problems and then he doesn't say a word
he's just staring at me and then slowly
he sees like for the handshake and ever
breaking eye contact ladies yes I'm rich
Evans and I sugars
I believe it I believe that the Ren
Faire has a very specific set of nerds
if you go to the Ren Faire
I I recommend not going with a group or
this just could be the people I've gone
with in the past
mm-hmm traditionally I have a terrible
time at the Ren Faire yeah but I've
always gone gone I've always gotten
taken there with like a larger group of
people okay and they're usually just
smocks who don't want to do anything fun
did you did you do axe throwing no oh
man now like the time I went before this
like a few years ago I went to the I
went to the Ren Faire with Karen her
friend Barbara and some of Barbara's
friends okay
Barbara's friends were some of the most
stuck-up self-important assholes I've
ever fucking known oh and and Barbara
who has no self-esteem is just like
lapping up their droppings hoping
they'll notice her oh and of course
they're just composed completely
ignoring me and Karen hmm anything we
wanted to do was just like kind of just
like ignored like there's all this
fucking great fun shit that goes on
there to get jugglers you got people
walking around on stilts doing some kind
of amazing act and this one uh this
nutty store is selling leather of course
it's let's look at those for 20 minutes
oh oh look the good stuff dragons they
were wandering around the store of these
fucking assholes the stores yeah
just with these fucking assholes were
friends with Barbara eventually I pulled
Karen to the side like Karen let's ditch
these fucking losers and then we went
and watched the purple person who like
the fire whip is the first time I ever
actually enjoyed the run fair was when I
said fuck you to the group of idiots I
was with and I just I just hung out with
Karen and we didn't oh that looks fun
let's go do that no they have some fun
shit that they have like a bird show
like a falconers show you can go
now you can do ax throwing bars like
Mooney Mooney the juggler who just
whistles he doesn't talk just whistles
at people and he gets volunteers to help
him and he tries to communicate what he
needs them to do through gestures
gestures and whistling mm-hmm like he's
gonna do like the the fire thing on the
tightrope
he's like pointing at the bucket like
you got to pour the bucket on me when
I'm on fire and he's trying to pantomime
all of this it's kind of great I don't
thing he's long for it though guys like
he's been doing it for 30 years
Oh 27 years I think he said of us a
twenty seventh year this time Wow
all right uh now to the tips now to the
dips I got that business out of the way
the business the business of tips
stories needed to be told they needed to
be told that's what we're here for
tell stories this this time it's lupus
lupus hey guys glad the tiny riots
haven't disrupted your life I'm grilling
some skirt steaks for a late dinner
what's your favorite meal cheese fries
and they will be the death of me she's
she's fries he'd said she's fries I mean
any combination of like melting kind of
fried cheese hmm you know you can't go
wrong pizza
good pizza you know I'm a sandwich guy I
enjoy sandwiches of all kinds recently
I've been making for you know summertime
so there's a lot of get to go as you
always have to bring a dish I've been
making this super amazing potato salad
like thick chopped potatoes
a Mayo yogurt dressing with just fresh
herbs and capers it's just super simple
and incredibly satisfying chap a meal is
whatever you shove and you're going
until you're not hungry anymore that's a
meal you need a a grocery bag full of
candy bars that's a meal not a good one
nobody's favorite me nobody's favorite
meal but it's a meal absolutely
Maximilian Tarzan says play with wasd
and on hard and I will subscribe for at
least two months even I'm from Europe
and can't watch your streams ever
because I have real adult nine-to-five
job not playing video games on the
internet
I'm playing a normal because again I'm
just trying to learn yeah how to use a
mouse and keyboard and you know not
using WASD I'm using a number pad you
should consider something like portal
yeah yeah we are we are not under the
gun well then you know what that's why I
kind of want to
choose this is because like okay I want
I want some pressure sink or swim
yeah okay and like here's a game that
I've played before I've beaten before
shit I gotta beat up these guys now hey
these guys might fucking crowbar get out
of here
woah woah oh oh and I'm gonna get a gun
no now I got a fucking gun and I like
I'm feeling a little motion sick but not
a lot motion sick maybe a lot of motion
sick so I don't know how good that is
mmm oh actually just turning right oh
fuck oh ghost host 9 9 9 says a small
thank you for all the great
entertainment thank you
are you home I need some water pause so
you know if you want to subscribe I
guess you know about the person who said
use WASD and I'll subscribe like I got I
got a number pad I got a mouse I'm
playing on normal if you want to
subscribe subscribe if you don't you
don't you know then tallian hubber says
jack over watch was both by a very first
mouse keyboard game and my first FPS
game if i can get the hang of playing
tracer on keyboard then you can get used
to a 2 exclamation point exclamation
point smiley face maybe him yeah maybe
I'm gonna turn down the field of view I
think that might have been the problem
Oh turn down for what turn down for what
yeah Jack can't be bought like I can be
bought but I'm not gonna give in to
demands and you know you gotta buy me
first
oh hold on I'm gonna get some more water
have we ever considered playing Red Dead
Redemption on stream
yeah I've certainly considerate I would
love with him to release that fucker on
PC just
for Xbox one where the fucking you going
water okay Jack's going to get water
just this guy you know says originally I
was completely uninterested but I've
heard a sausage party is actually really
good
also it has a 982 on Rotten Tomatoes you
guys see it thinking about it yeah you
know what I didn't even hear about it
until the other day oh yeah yeah and in
general I find myself not to be a fan of
Seth Rogen one of his he's in it he's a
voice in it okay shut somebody already
variously very generously gifted me Dead
Rising 1 on PC nice I can finally get
rid of the fucking Xbox oh yeah by the
way when that came out on PC just
everyone's Twitter or our our previously
recorded Twitter went fucking apeshit
rich there's no yes rich yes I don't
know that I need to do another
playthrough though I mean nothing's got
a top I know death run my perfect no
death run right
it's unpossible
wait what's happening says have you
discussed this yet not sure myself but
what are your thoughts on no man's sky
I hear the PC version is far superior
any thoughts you'll probably hear what
we have to say about no man's sky at
some point in the future as it is I've
only just started playing it I haven't
had much time the last couple of days
and it only came out on PC like the 12th
right and yeah we are doing a full
Episode on no man's sky and neither of
us have gotten terribly far into it and
we we have not we have not solidified
what we think about it yet to really get
a good talking about it so you have to
wait I am sorry but you have to wait
MC Lucas says after waking up to news of
the riot today I was worried about you
guys really glad to hear you're alright
here's $2 for not dying congratulations
I'm really glad a lot of people worried
about us I'm touched I'm touched but we
were in no danger we were new danger
anonymous says hey guys I am super
fuckin down to be executive producer of
wealthy tower rolling-pin wipeouts I
think it's a really promising concept
just tell me which characters you and
Mike want to play fuckin wealthy tower
rolling pin wiped out and is that the
name of the movie I don't remember what
final was but that was the gist I like
that I like that as a title if I don't
need to shoot every one of these guys no
no whoa killers cbh says do you guys
know that Michael ayan black played
Donatello in the Broadway production of
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles coming out
of their shells he dropped out of
college to become a turtle I didn't I
love that I know that now thank you
anonymous is great to see the good
champs tonight Oh a question for all of
us to contemplate isn't it fucking crazy
that we live in a world where rich Evans
can be a celebrity no shit right
it's the weirdest fucking thing well
Karen posted a picture of her and me on
Facebook yeah we actually went went
hiking biking we went biking Wow
yeah I know I'm gonna regret that one we
went biking on our bikes down by the the
lake uh-huh and we just you know we just
took a picture of ourselves
and like one of her Facebook friends
thought she was just posting a picture
then she met the celebrity rich Evans
didn't realize that you were that word
yeah that's great
yep definitely gonna live to regret the
day King yep yep little motion second
Mike needs to be performed immediately
about the diking yeah Bouck Alex and the
ISIS this may be pathetic but all of the
celebrity of all the celebrities I enjoy
are LM are the only people for whom I've
practiced what I would practice what I
would say if I ever met them you guys
are just that cool keep up the great
work
Thank You Lucas Ducas says good sir rich
did you hit a turkey leg at the fair did
not oh he didn't
he's powering me up yep oh no I might
barf might barf putting that out there
this might not have been a good idea
Ridge playing this with the mouse
keyboard well you know you're in it now
Jack you're in it now you got it you
have to push through here's the oh yeah
yeah no matter one you do it yeah it's
gonna be difficult
yeah you may as well do it do it during
a stream when you're not gonna be too
too distracted or tempted to do
something else oh no and you know if I
barf like people that it that's fun
that's fine yeah you should you say I
feel like I'm feeling like faint if that
if that means anything okay keep with a
jack keep with it
lower fov and mouse sensitivity you
fucks I did lower the fov I lowered the
FOV album we're out of the sensitivity
might find something you're happier with
play around with that sensitivity uh-huh
I put the let me just make sure that ya
field of view is now lowest at 75
hmm mouse sensitivity we sure will try
lower in that a little bit I have it's a
1.9 am i enjoying no man's sky I'm
worried there's not gonna be enough
variety in the things you can do yeah
and I know both of us are very early on
both of us are only like four or five
hours in yeah and so it's hard to tell
now how much variety we're gonna get
blood if what I've experienced so far is
any indication I'm not I'm not excited
okay gruff McMillan Theresa's rich like
the roller coaster stream with Karen I
would have liked to watch more but my
girlfriend instantly got nostalgic for
zoo tycoon dugout our 15 year old copy
and reinstalled end of that night that
I'm so sorry you did roller coaster
takin him for a little bit we couldn't
quite get it to work with him it didn't
want a string it didn't want a stream
interesting it's some freezing issues we
had the weird issue where wasn't he was
like just wanted to be in like the
top-left corner
eventually we just said the hell with it
I put on pac-man 256 ah nice
donar archon says jack and rich what was
the worst documentary you had seen also
are there any documentaries that have
the same quality as the bad movies you
have seen I've never seen an enjoyably
bad documentary I've probably seen some
that were just too dry but I don't
remember what they were what they were
about yeah I don't know if I can just
like remember like it's just an awful
documentary so missus nice job you know
what that is that's the control and aim
of a mouse right there look shit I'm
probably supposed to leave here
eventually right hmm I might die oh do
you think no man's sky is maybe one of
the hardest games to put a number score
on because if it's technological
achievement technical technical logical
achievement don't mean dick if you don't
have a fun end product you know that is
you know that is some truth that's rich
but rich Evans dropping some truth bombs
y'all got a deal with that y'all got a
deal with that fuck you know you know it
was a technological achievement what
Beta Beta tips yeah how that turned out
how that turned out for Betamax
significantly better than VHS mm-hmm
mm-hmm
did really well for them in the long run
tired sad says do you think DC films can
at all be salvaged or is it too late in
the run to course-correct I think it's
too late in the run to course-correct it
they can only course correct if they put
some different people in charge of their
damn movies and you know they're not
going to do that how do you fix Superman
can you is Superman beyond being fixed
if here's the thing people people will
forgive we're gonna pause it for this
mmm
people will forgive if you can put out a
good movie okay don't give Superman a
reboot like a whole like new actor new
everything
same Superman fuck fuck cow man same
universe no one will care
give him a new director and a new
scriptwriter okay same Superman same
everyone people will love him okay
you don't need a universe or booth like
spider-man we're getting a universe
reboot just because just because of
studio logistics but like even if we got
a new spider-man in the Oh in in the
Andrew Garfield universe it would still
be fine because it'd be a good movie
well spider-man one I don't blame them
they don't want that they don't want
that crap in the Marvel with MCU they
don't want that stink yeah but you know
what it is a perfect example of this
Star Trek band I really hated into
darkness everyone did everyone hated in
today well I don't know if that's
entirely true but I hated into darkness
when to see beyond I no longer care
about into darkness because beyond is so
much fun I can just I can just be happy
watching Star Trek the Star Trek and
Star Trek beyond and forgetting about
that into darkness stuff
I watched into darkness because of Star
Trek beyond yeah afterwards I liked that
I did Cumberbatch he's a good he could
have been a great villain he's a fine
they didn't like mismanage every other
aspect of that film damn he could have
been a great villain oh yeah
fuck Peter what's this mrs. face though
Robocop damn it Peter Admiral makeva in
the movie yeah
just far far too cartoony I'm an admiral
and I say Starfleet should be evil I'm
gonna start wars because evil because
the evil rich I am thought at 200 year
old man to help design modern technology
because I'm so dumb there's a lady it's
the most advanced ship ever built and
Spock was able to take it out with a
ruse but any case but I mean it just
I'm just really hammered home rewatching
that what ash what have a horrible waste
of con and better to Cumberbatch that
was yep but you know like to me the
point the point is with Superman you can
still have Superman in his universe and
his next movie you can turn it all
around as long as Zack Snyder's not
behind the camera and you get a decent
scriptwriter yeah that Harvey Cavell or
whatever his name is Henry Cavill looks
the part he might be a fine actor I have
no idea the other thing to that really
really want rewatching into darkness
really hit home yeah it's just how
terribly Kirk was written what a what a
moron yeah there was a moron running
that starship an experienced kid who
should not have been in charge because
the one the one the wasn't good the well
not the one good thing one of the great
things about beyond Kirk actually feels
like Kirk yeah he he's reasonable he's
he's smart he's clever he's he's not oh
going them babes allmovie long oh so
many babes talking about babes he's not
he's not being reckless for the sake
for the souls sake of being reckless hmm
he's actually written like Kirk I don't
really know what I have to do tell of
them babes though
oh you know at 6:03 idiot says hey Jack
hey Rick many people are saying that
blockbusters are on the way out if that
is true what kind of movies would you
like to see being made in the future lol
fuck my god blockbusters are not on
their way out everything else is on
their way out no we're still gonna get a
couple good blockbusters every year
Marvel's still printing money
Jurassic world printed money yep
Star Wars printing money blockbusters
are not even close to being dead
no the what's what's gonna be dead is
literally everything else name a comedy
that made money in the theaters this
year you can't is is the moral of sorry
you had you had big-name comedies you
had Andy Sandberg in that superstar
movie you had Keano starring key and
Peele you had a zillion comedies come
out this year deadline you know why
people can watch those in their couch
and they don't care about going to the
theaters anymore yeah there's plenty of
good food good comedies on Netflix yes
yep yep Oh Jack horsemen hi breakable
Kimmy Schmidt no so so your blockbuster
your event movie isn't going anywhere
the what you what we are going to lose
is the stuff that's easily replaceable
by whoa whoa shit
bye Netflix originals
I need some health justice guy you know
it says use these 10 Canadian dollars to
convince Colin to do a call in bit for
the no man's sky episode assuming he has
an opinion on it we'll get right on that
whoopsie I'm guarantee nothing oopsie
killed myself have comedies ever made
theater money those Buster's Something
About Mary kingpin all the Farley
Brothers films these are great examples
Merc of pie oh that's a that's a good
one yeah
oh no comedies you used to make a large
amount of money and the comedies are
generally pretty cheap to produce and so
even if they weren't making huge Bank
they were making their money back they
were profitable yet naked naked gun
airplane just not lately just not lately
because now that has been that is
Netflix's territory though one of the
stream it's a stream of good comedies
that made money in the theater anchorman
is another fine bridesmaids made a ton
of money in the theaters that's a modern
one
guardians of the galaxy isn't a call
that a straight up comedy comedic
elements know that was an event movie
humor in it yeah Austin Powers thank you
like comedies used to make money and
people aren't going out to see them
anymore
guardians of the galaxy I would category
is a light-hearted adventure yes well
and you know what
guardians because it's a Marvel movie is
oh yeah there's stuff in here isn't
there is is an event movie
I forgot their boxes back here budget
Messiah says hey guys any word on the
potentiality of a star control to the
earth Quan master stream it would
probably take more than a couple of
streams to finish it but I think it
would be time well spent I still need to
look into us yeah so a lot of things I
just haven't gotten around to there's
many times as star control - as bud
mentioned I still haven't really went
into it yeah because when I go home my
brain reboots and I forget everything
that happened here wow this is why it
took me like years to watch dread yeah I
should watch dread I know I know I'll
watch when I get home what I got a hold
on watching two years of that before I
actually watched it you know I was
aiming for the barrel there we go look
I've never I know I know I understand
star control two is free I haven't
balked at paying for it I just I'm not
thinking about it when I get home right
and then and then you know there's other
stuff to do yeah sad man Jax's you met
me and my wife at the fair the fair
entrance yes I remember you I hope the
visit was positive for you and that my
brother who who faked you out with the
shirt okay so does your brother
okay didn't cost too much of a scene he
lost his mind from how he tells it yeah
I was amusing I like I said I've been
down that road people get really excited
to meet me like I've talked about this
before I was uh when I was helping Karen
move up here we took some of her old
books to the Half Price Books we're
gonna sell some of her books off and
this guy it was in like the the car in
front of us when we parked was staring
at me the whole time I was parking mmm
you know is this guy one krumholz it's
got like a weirdo
this is creepy he's just staring at us
then we get out of the car and he gets
out of his car nothing oh no oh no and
then he comes over and I was like oh
you're rich Evans oh god I've never met
a celebrity before was that whole kind
of routine oh and then in its excitement
to meet me he had he had locked his keys
in his car
yeah felt terrible then nothing I can do
about it at that point
oh yeah like I saw these books hi tiny
break I'm not playing I'm learning I'm
learning
flying Finn I'm learning how to use a
mouse and keyboard and I feel like I'm
doing pretty well I am experiencing some
pretty harsh motion sickness so I'm just
taking a little break where I'm closing
my eyes and kind of reset in the brain
close your eyes um we'll just talk about
some more tips I'd be great do those and
then we'll get back to it
Tim salmon says Jack get yourself a pair
of C bands they worked wonders for me oh
that's not a bad idea I've heard good
things about those what RC bounds there
are they're motion sickness bracelets
basically and they hit like a weird
pressure point
this sounds like quackery it's it's not
quackery it works Lisa used it when she
was ahead was that had morning sickness
okay okay
there's sounds like a big Phelps SIBO
there could be what it sounds like hey
if it's a placebo then it's still
whatever as long as it works
ready for physics puzzle every half-life
game has one physics puzzle dad say t5
says hey greetings from Austria have you
ever played this war of mine it's a
great game plus some of its DLC are
basically donations to War Child charity
also why are you streaming so late it's
4 a.m. here you Fu we are streaming
pretty late we this is when we could get
together I like I said I was i I was I
was told to go to the Renaissance Fair
today not that I didn't enjoy myself I
enjoyed watching the acts I wasn't
because I didn't go with a group of
complete fucking assholes this time it
was a large part of the reason why and I
just the time I got home from that it
was already seven than I had oh oh yeah
you know get ready pack up the Peter
come over here set up for the stream it
happens sometimes
yeah dink was trying to get Karen to
leave the Renaissance Fair and I love
Karen but a lot of times getting her to
do something that's like herding cats
somebody had a service dog and that that
was a ten-minute commerce I said you
know what is he doing a three-legged
service dog oh yeah yeah that's you know
what that is that's a bunch of cuteness
I was think you know like how the hell
what the hell does a three-legged dog do
for you that's the service dog
apparently just she had some kind of
anxiety issues the dog was just a
calming influence oh this sounds like a
lot of bullshit to me but whatever I
give a fuck
it totally is you know you can bring
literally any dog on an airplane yeah if
you claim it's a service dog really they
need they need they need no official
paperwork or anything you can you can
just say oh this dog is a service dog
that sounds great because it helps me
with my anxiety for flying Chad said
that's an out-of-service talk oh yeah I
like that comment I like that coming
okay there I'm getting there
hab 78 said it's said Patrick Stewart's
last performance as Professor X will be
in the upcoming Wolverine film
personally I hope he returns as
ambassador Picard in the new series
butts hopes well the new series
supposedly is taking place 10 years
before the original series oh okay I
know why they're trying to dodge
continuity issues like what universe is
this in the JJ universe or is this in
the prime unit xx cloning you ten years
before I could be either then I know
they don't have to answer any questions
like where's Vulkan what happened to
Vulcan sure sure that's Martin yep
they're playing neutral yeah essentially
it's time it's lupus says hey guys the
question about worst documentaries got
me thinking the worst documentary I've
ever seen is apocalypse ww1 the driest
passionless narration I have ever seen
in any documentary ever
well we'll all avoid that documentary
what was one J was talking about with
about about like the documentary maker
who who like kept like filming himself
just nodding do you remember that yes I
don't remember which it was though he
was like it was kind of interesting but
then it just kept cutting to the
director and he just kept nodding you
don't need to show this you don't need
to show the battery
Phila hecka says here's $2 hoping Jack
pukes come on Jack blow chunks I'd enjoy
it
PS bitch did anyone at the Ren Faire
dresses Star Trek characters claiming
they're studying the culture of the Ren
Faire people that would have been funny
there was somebody it looked like I
didn't get a good look at them it look
like they're in a kind of a medieval
style Darth Vader outfit
mmm like some Darth Vader II like chess
piece and the black cave with some blood
chainmail mixed in little nerd crossover
sure I didn't get a good look at them I
couldn't I didn't know they're wearing
masks or not they had some kind of hood
okay yeah blowing chunks is I think
before blowing chunks is just meaning
needing to lay down on the floor I might
need to lie down on the floor for like
five minutes just to reset my brain I
think for the I think upcoming I need
the I was talking about Karen on the way
to the Ren Faire yeah and my car's my
car's a nice cherry red mm-hmm
she she wanted me to get a decal for my
car yeah vinyl decal a Starfleet logo
like the combadge oh yeah not dead
center either I wanted like like the car
has a combat and that would be the
coolest thing that would be me but if I
do that she's gonna have to her next
car's gonna have to be blue so she can
get one too home yeah yeah that's great
what was I doing you don't know I don't
know you're you're doing a game
flashlight I need to I need to change
what button turns my flat okay there we
go okay and I do I just need to lay down
you take your time we take it to you
later on you want you lay down it is
really affecting you and then do you
want to try a different game
set fov set to 90 for the sake of your
brain what is it set to know he tried
setting it to 90 initially okay and then
you said it to 90 and you're making a
motion sickness and somebody else said a
set of 75 I'm saying I'm repeating all
this because you're a mile away from the
mic so now you think it's better okay
okay
Lord Belmont says if you want to see
hilariously bad documentary watch hidden
colors think ancient aliens for Afro
centrists historical revisionism it's
horrible and hilarious there are four of
them full length I just thought of a bad
documentary aliens on the moon did we
show you part of this like aliens on the
moon and they just like they took like
rock formations on the moon and they
just colored them colors and they
insisted that these were artificial
shapes it was the the the dumbest
fucking thing I had ever seen and and it
was it was it was delivered like it was
like actual science
boom alien structures on the moon this
weird shadow could be a radar dish
designed to look like Rock dumbest
fucking thing I have ever seen
zach is getting more water aimless
Corsair says this may be an unpopular
opinion but I think Superman is kind of
boring in general that said I actually
kind of like Smallville mostly because
it focuses on Clark Kent instead as a
fair opinion for you to have I don't
really see in Smallville
so I can't come in it seemed like it
seemed like they were trying to steal
Spider Man this bit with the teenage
hero it was it was Smallville was his
typical low-budget superhero sci-fi
stuff or you know they had villain of
the week the Smallville's deal you know
his young Superman a young Clark Kent
high school age Clark Kent but what what
if Superman were as interesting as
spider-man no god but knows the premise
it wasn't even that so he was still
trying to figure out his powers so he
was weaker and the give of the show was
that there was just kryptonite fucking
everywhere in Smallville yeah and the
Kryptonite is what like turned people
into monsters and they're so that's why
you'd have like this guy who's a monster
but he's a kryptonite monster so he'll
hurt Clark cans it was it was it was
fine for a couple seasons and then I got
really dumb it's kryptonite the worst
thing to happen to Superman yes it gave
rise so much lazy writing
he's got kryptonite yeah kryptonite like
what can you do it though I said you
know what kryptonite is not the worst
thing to happen to Superman what
happened before kryptonite Superman
became too
powerful him becoming God yeah okay if
when he was just like strong and was
able to leap tall buildings that was
great well is that only a problem if
you're you're focusing on like action
sites and not some kind of grander ideas
of how you use these powers responsibly
mmm-hmm you can do some interesting
things with godlike powers sure it's
probably not as easy as you got to punch
the thing well you know like I said for
me my Superman has always been the
animated series and so like you know and
in the animated series his whole shtick
was just about like his only weakness
was not saving everyone yeah
that's he just cared too much about
everyone around him and so to me that
was interesting that's what made him a
hero but

[Part II]
anymore a while aimless Corsair says
this may be an unpopular opinion but I
think Superman is kind of boring in
general that said I actually kind of
like Smallville mostly because it
focuses on Clark Kent instead as a fair
opinion for you to have I don't really
see in Smallville
so I can't come in it seemed like it
seemed like they were trying to steal
spider-man this bit with the teenage
hero it was it was Smallville was his
typical low-budget superhero sci-fi
stuff or you know they had villain of
the week the the Smallville's deal you
know his young Superman a young Clark
Kent high school age Clark Kent but what
what if Superman were is interesting the
Spider Man no but knows it premise it
wasn't even that so he was still trying
to figure out his powers so he was
weaker and the give of the show was that
there was just kryptonite fucking
everywhere in Smallville yeah and the
Kryptonite is what like turned people
into monsters and so that's why you'd
have like this guy who's a monster but
he's a kryptonite monster so he'll hurt
Clark cans it was it was it was fine for
a couple seasons and then I got really
dumb its kryptonite the worst thing to
happen to Superman yes gave rise so much
lazy writing
he's got kryptonite yeah kryptonite like
what can you do it though I said you
know what kryptonite is not the worst
thing to happen to Superman what
happened before kryptonite Superman
became too powerful him becoming God
yeah okay if when he was just like
strong and was able to leap tall
buildings that was great well is that
only a problem if you're you're focusing
on like action fights not some kind of
grander ideas of how you use this beast
powers responsibly mm-hmm you can do
some interesting things with godlike
powers sure it's probably not as easy
you got to punch the thing well you know
like I said for me my Superman has
always been the animated series and so
like you know and in the animated series
his whole shtick was just about like his
only weakness was not saving everyone
yeah that's he just cared too much about
everyone around him and so to me that
was interesting that's what made him a
hero but yeah really Superman was kind
of a prick yeah he would like just smash
through the doors he would like shake
the rich person you got to be nice or a
guy he didn't care about truth and
justice rule of law as much as he cared
about throwing his waiter on sure that's
funny okay this poor guy sleeps in them
I'm stronger than you and you have to do
what I say I'm stronger than you and you
have to do it I say what is that thing
tired and sad have either of you watched
The Killing Joke yet could you I still
haven't got around to it nope could you
write your favorite cinematic Jokers
Mark Hamill and then Keith ledger Heath
Ledger yep
that's uh that's pretty fair if you're
going for pure cinematic Joker you have
to say Heath Ledger because you know
yeah Mark Hamill wasn't really in a
movie but uh that's not live-action but
yeah she's a Romero I'm in this you know
great for its time it's great for that
version of the Joker mm-hmm feel like I
should be able to get over there that
was back when though when the Joker was
just uh yeah just a criminal who had
like clown motif I got a gun shaped like
a like a flower a balloon animal and
that's the thing that's my gimmick
didn't ever hit the same psychology
behind his actions psychosis yeah yeah
the insanity he's just a clown who stole
things I'm gonna rob the bank rat ran is
it there's that thing right there and I
just want to know if I can grab it which
is what I'm doing it I don't know if I'm
like barking up the wrong tree here but
I really want to grab it woof there it
is Gunther studios is hack frauds I
don't know why you lowered the why you
lowered 2fo the fov 275 raising the fov
to around 90 or 95 may solve some of
your problems
let's see conflicting and we're getting
conflicting information from the chat
this is why we have a problem trusting
you guys I want to let you know that 9
who says hey gents the last time
saw my girlfriend I mentioned I watched
your streams on Twitch and she looked
upset a few days later she broke up with
me oh you're totally worth it oh thanks
I'm so sorry I'm so sorry
you know once they you think I'd be used
to causing women to break up with a girl
with her boyfriends by now Thank You
Eris not just not used to it never gets
easier for it gets easier like once
again you know last week I went up north
and it was a bit of a family trip there
was some family there's some friends of
family and once again I ran into the
very unique situation of explaining to
people what it is I do and you know
usually it's to older people you know I
love friends of the family ah so you may
you do videos what's that about and you
know like a lot of it's easy oh oh I
make commercials you know what that is
you know I I make Internet videos and
everyone knows what Internet videos are
now and so oh oh that's fun and you know
I can show I can bring up some you know
with past me beer stuff Russian kickers
usually pretty popular and then I start
explaining about the live-streaming and
they just delays over right yeah yeah
still still kind of weird
Karen tried to explain it to her mother
yeah the screaming that's it's like it's
like psych talk radio it's like talk
radio only the viewers could type at
each other and that's you know it was a
fine way to explain what's it like
that's why you know I know like a while
ago we were someone recently brought
this up about us and being hypocrites
okay sorry sorry this might go on off on
a different tangent I want to go back oh
no II think go ahead no no you do yours
oh my tangent was someone was calling us
hypocrites because we're doing this now
and why are we back in the day we were
talking we were we were talking down on
let's players and I don't know if I ever
talked down on let's players I just said
it's pride not anything we would do and
like we don't let's play we do a live
stream which is different than unless
because of the chat I'm trying to think
of what I ever would have put down a
let's play against let's play I think I
think it was something I say no like I
also say like I've watched let's play so
I but I think I said as an editor I
wouldn't like that because there's
nothing to edit yeah but well oh yeah
yeah what we're doing is not lets
playing it's live streaming and we have
the chat that's what makes it different
and unique yeah so anyway sorry guys
that was just a bit of a tangent so you
mention explaining to people what you do
yeah make videos on the internet I had
an experience the other day here's
here's what's going on I lately my
project has been I'm trying to improve
on the plink get on board
oh okay we use we use pucks on the last
episode we use the four can afford
mm-hmm and you know there's an issue
where and you might not know this
because I tried a whole bunch of
different pucks and they get stuck
there's like too much friction
they're like halfway down and they just
land on a I'm gonna call a spike it's
not really a spike a peg and they just
stop and when they don't stop they kind
of don't have enough lateral movement
they mostly just went straight down so
I'm trying to solve that problem and
solution I found they were actually
working really well is uh instead of
going with a puck I am using a ball now
a ball and I wanted to experiment with a
bunch of different types of balls cuz
you know I don't know who's you know my
bounce out or might be too wide or might
not be why um yeah so I went to this
local it's a tiny it's like a used
sporting goods store okay it's a small
little place it wasn't like a big giant
storm this is one guy behind the counter
and I'm buying like I'm like tennis
balls I'm buying racquetball balls and
buying these wiffle ball I mind like a
whole bunch of different balls and this
man this one was the guy in this little
sports stores like like looking at me
like why do you rake in the money what
you do with all these different balls a
fair question and I just sighed because
I knew now I was forced to like spend 15
minutes trying to explain
what I do and why I'm like not only do I
got to explain that I built a giant
Plinko board but I have to explain why
here's here's a 20-minute conversation I
don't want to have but it's just as one
little guy in the store it would be
awkward if I didn't have it it'd be
awkward if I said just just send me the
buzz rich everything is just tell me the
ball my money give me the balls any
Bulls ball and see you know what usually
I love having that conversation because
like I'll explain it to them and I'll
say okay you know here's the thing I
need to make and yeah Bubba and usually
they'll think of the thing I need well
you know what you should try and then
they'll give me a bunch of snow it's
terrible because the first thing out of
my mouth was okay so I built the giant
life-size Plinko board uh-huh
and he was super excited about that
oh hey tell me he wasn't super what's a
lot of them
you wanted me an we use it to pick
movies what movies do you watch my
wife's bad movies the name some of them
revenge's and then shove Extro well
fuck I'm a Deadeye rich yeah whoo oh I
got a machine oh we got the machine gun
now mice are so much better than
controllers table gun says nothing right
there it's these fucking it's fucking
ridiculous rich how easily I'm murdering
everyone fucking great bee's knees or
what who's talking now gobbledygook says
gobbledygook
playing no man's sky stellaris is a
better space game but different genre
NMS is like Mass Effect one meets
minecraft meets Star Trek 5 another
another game in space DC universe it's
free you fucks good damn it gotta get
that in the night kid I love it don't
you I've you know what I fucking love it
oh I'll have more to say about no man's
sky in the future we're gonna where he
is I probably got 5 hours into it we're
literally gonna do a whole episode on it
just a hole or a hole Jimmy Jimmy where
am i what what am i doing and where am I
going toe down here lost in technicolor
says hey fellas I I've had I've had
Colonna scopes more adventurous than no
man's sky yeh disappointment oh oh sorry
about your disappointment but why should
it be disappointing I mean you can kind
of tell right I'm disappointing there's
been less space shooty stuff but like
the planets stuff is everything I
thought it was gonna be walk around see
some things scan some things I didn't I
didn't realize there'd be so much
tedious mining though there's a level of
studious mining was a bit of a surprise
there's a lot of mining it was quick it
was fairly clear though they weren't
making an action game oh whoa
it was fairly clear they weren't making
an action game there's also just been a
lot less emphasis on exploration yeah
which which I feel is well the
exploration is tedious because you're
fucking on foot right
oh I was fuck or if you're jumping up
and down in your spaceship you're
constantly shooting the red crystals you
don't want to explore because you know
you're getting so fucking far away from
your spaceship and that's a long fucking
trek back Dinks come here oh god I'm ten
minutes away from the ship that's a long
way back oh god damn it yeah yeah so
like I think disappointments natural I'm
not ready to call disappointment I I
know someone on Twitter asked me for a
one-word review for how far I was I know
you're not very far but will give me a
one-word review and I said here's here's
my one word review which is a a lightest
sigh I to words called it cold it I was
worried about the lack of variety mm-hmm
I was thinking in terms of environments
but more so in just general things you
can do yeah but only five hours in right
I don't really know that for sure we're
not ready to make a judgement call yet
yeah Dhanam says maybe some comedies
haven't made money but one type
definitely does since 2015 spy
trainwreck pitch perfect 2 sisters bad
mom's already done four times its budget
pitch perfect 2 made 10 times
really congratulations congratulations
pitch perfect 2
uh you know yeah and I was I was worried
about no man's sky like like when they
saw it when they showed the first III
they showed it yeah everyone was fuckin
blown away now you can get in your ship
and fly anywhere then the second time
they showed it then they like the next
III somebody doing the same exact thing
yep slightly different planet doing the
same exact shit and I thought oh no it's
gonna get repetitive isn't it so called
I called it I'm gonna write it as one
word though so I'm get away with the
calling that my one word with you
great called it called it larkings Dale
says hey guys do you remember flying
Ryan I was almost going to be Ryan in
that movie what I was doing plays with
the old lady who was like yeah oh no I
lost her
he's doing plays with the old lady who
was Ryan's crazy aunt she supplied the
actors for the movie wish it was me what
a weird world we live in man
I was I was almost flying Ryan you could
say mr. bullet but he would have been
featured on an episode happens bag I was
we did that before best the word I was
having viagra yeah oh yeah
perhaps somebody eight says the new Star
Trek will be an anthology with each
season taking place in a different
century so ambassador Picard could
happen I've I've heard it both ways I've
also heard that debunked no that's not
true so I don't I don't know I don't
know if that's gonna be with the door
anonymous says not sure if this counts
because it's crazy but if it does then
ancient aliens has to be the best worst
documentary series unfortunately though
that that and Pawn Stars have ruined the
History Channel no I wouldn't call Pawn
Stars own fucking documentary because
every fucking thing on that show is
scripted and fake it is the most
blatantly fake thing on TV
I fucking hate Pawn Stars as you should
yeah I mean all reality TV is fake that
one just blatantly so you know they take
it to a new level oh hey I came in with
this crazy unique thing I just happened
to come here when you were filming how
unusual
why don't you appraise it for me and I
won't actually sell it because I'm not
really interested in selling this well
you know it so happens that I am an
expert in this exact thing oh you don't
say
tell me more and I can tell you
extensively prices Chumlee is Pawn Stars
in a nutshell yep and and scene that was
a rich Evans and Jack package before the
scene from Pawn Stars join us again next
week when we do ghost hunters who the
ghost hunters well won't fuck what
happened there
all right Pete Chumlee something
happened with Chumlee what happened with
Chumlee they don't I don't know is he
still on the show did he lose weight
what happened
shit shit shit shit shit shit shit okay
I did I did
no that's terrible I did I did rich it's
terrible anonymous says eh s undoing day
that's actually that's what they say no
so sorry Chen says hi guys hope you'll
feel better soon jack don't forget the
Necropolis soon too
Oh surgeon yes now that I am back from
vacation was so nice and gifted me
necropolis because we bought it on your
account yeah oh and and I I was having
fun playing and Sarah Chen was nice
enough to give me so we can play
together again and fuck we're gonna
murder it sir Chen you know we are we
are just gonna murder it I also cleared
some room and friended her on Steam Jeff
says what games do you have on your
cellphone's I only have back I only have
Pokemon and I should try hearthstone
soon I hear good things about
hearthstone you know no it's a card game
but I also hear that it is very
obviously play to win yep
I have a Pokemon which I've been playing
less and less and less and less because
of their pokey tracking system I crypt
of the necrodancer is something I pick
up every once in a while that it's now
on phones
I don't play phone game as much oh yeah
but I do have wears a 2048 oh the number
sliding when you double mopping you
double mom yeah yeah and get them up to
2048 yeah and that is just the best time
waster in the world mm-hmm
like usually if I know I'm going to like
have a
quick ten minutes I already have
handheld games with me like I either
have my DS from Evita and usually if
it's phone time I'm either checking and
responding to Twitter's checking and
responding to emails or just like
reading news I just use it it you know
so it's like yeah I don't do a ton of
phone gaming here ABS Seb Rameau saber
Mao saber me oh wow I think it's Mau
that's mal right same ow an amusing
documentary overlords of the UFO
Bazaar 1976 film featured on the agony
booth they and the agony booth a decade
ago it's horribly out of print but up in
full on YouTube by multiple uploaders oh
well great trying to remember exactly
what it's called I've always I think
it's yeah I've always had a strange
fascination with this kind of yeah I
guess you'd call it a documentary
alternative three okay there was here's
here's the story as I've heard it I
don't know how accurate is there was a
British show like a science show science
and technology what's what's you know
there's this thing about computers
talking about computer science so think
it was like a like an actual science
show mm-hmm and they got cancelled so
for their last episode they said fuck it
and their last episode was this
conspiracy thing about how the US and
Russia are conspiring to build a colony
on Mars because the earth is doomed
presented Briley and as facts you can
find that on YouTube it might be a dry
watch but just the fact that it was
prevent presented as fact and there are
people to this day who believe it even
though I believe the people who made it
if come on said no now I was originally
meant as an April Fool's alright I think
that's great yeah yeah that's hilarious
that is hilarious alternative three is
what I believe it's called
thanks bish access higher fov should
result in less motion sickness
if 90 was too low turn it up 90s the
highest s-- that we can go on half-life
no you know what i've been feeling
better now also i think you know i've
just been able to you guys kind of
figure out like how to smooth my own
mouse movement because like this this is
it like this is one of the first times
I've actually just sat back and tried go
into settings oh well let me finish
these guys off
come here I'm not thinking did you play
with the sensitivity by the way yeah I
lowered the sensitivity and I think that
helped like that smooth is smooth
movement a little bit is there something
called mouth smoothing and is it on oh
is that a thing
yeah well let's even you might actually
want it off Mouse filter maybe I'm
thinking of acceleration I don't know
okay
yeah I mean you could try playing around
with these settings I I did lower the
sensitivity I think that helped and you
know part of it is just like hey stomach
fucking get used to it
I think that's window setting I think
you're right
go Coco
it is windows control panel okay and
what it says it's horrible I think I
agree so sure
yeah I'm not I'm not like I I think it's
getting better and I think that like a
lot of it is just adjusting my brain
I've been I've been a control user for
so long and I'm just used to the way I
control moves our controller moves so
I'm gonna I'm gonna get good low a bail
machine 322 says hey guys have you
checked out the game Lisa the painful
RPG you play as a martial arts
instructor who has to raise the world's
last girl in a Mad Max wasteland I think
you'll like it oh my god we have heard
of this before and I we might even own
it I don't think I have I think I
brought it up as a first four hours once
as an option for a first four hours
oh my god I got so many tips and we're
not even close okay and get on it not
even close none of us is rich Evans
you're a clown who steals things also
you guys should just turn off fov
entirely turn it off turn off the entire
field of view absolutely do that
you know what absolutely we're on it
Mugen zero 84 says visiting us DC in New
York City from Sweden and happy to catch
you live for once nobody burns fast here
but have this for now thank you for
years of fun rich your skills inspired
me to finally beat FTL by the way thank
you autumn it's you know what it's
really rewarding when you finally do
even heck even uneasy you finally beat
FTL oh you feel you feel great it feel
great
Tim salmon says Jack yes I tweeted you
some sort of homemade c-band
instructions thank you use them if it
gets bad enough hope it helps if hope it
helps if you end up using them oh
speaking of I don't know if you're
listening right now but if one of you
tweeted me they must they were I think
they were listening to an old stream and
I was talking about iced coffee and how
much I love
and they tweeted at me like an Amazon
sale that was happening on an iced
coffee maker it's just like a way to
homebrew iced coffee that's super simple
and it's normally this like 50 $60 thing
that was on sale for 20 bucks yeah and
they just tweeted hey I heard you liked
ice coffee whose cell I used it I
fucking love it so if you tweeted at me
about the ice coffee thing thank you and
I loved it
it's just like you know you make it the
night before and it sits in your
refrigerator overnight yeah yeah and it
makes like four cups of iced coffee and
it's great okay so it makes it overnight
huh it has to it basically you put all
of your grounds into a steeper and put
that into a jug of water and then just
overnight it just kind of siphons all of
the coffee and the flavor and the
caffeine out then you take the grounds
out and you just have a picture of iced
coffee ready okay okay but but you you
know the only problem and I mean it's
the issue with it making any sort of
cold brew coffee is you it has to make
it overnight and so if you don't make it
then you fucking you're shit out of luck
but I love it I love it and thank you
for bringing that up
Zen of Ben says was Jenna baden correct
fov depends on distance to the screen
imagine a window the closer you are to
it the more you see outside a low FOV is
appropriate for a TV across the room
what do you think I've never had an
issue with that
ten feet is where the TV is now yeah TVs
about ten feet away from us maybe more
minor aid yeah so
I've never had I've never had that issue
though you've never had a motion
sickness issue from the TV
I so want gun noise subtitles uh-huh
baby baby mmm mmm it has to have a comma
Bam Bam Bam come a Bam Bam Bam
make this happen make this happen in the
game what Pat Jewell says pyaari para
para para de that is us
Horatio L says hey guys would you
consider doing blaxploitation films for
best of the worst or would that be too
controversial also what are your takes
on stranger things do you agree with
Mike and chase thoughts you know what I
saw they did an episode on and I haven't
had time to watch it yet I'm excited to
see that episode on I yeah I don't
recall exactly what this I think I'd
listen to that I watched that and we'll
kind of had that episode Oda I had that
episode on in the background I was
probably doing something else
uh-huh I don't remember specifically
what their thoughts were I think they
both liked it well sure Mike didn't seem
super thrilled yeah I guess that makes
sense
I'm not it's not the best thing I've
ever seen but it is damn good
stranger things yeah oh it's pretty damn
good they're also unsure it should have
a second season I can see that I can see
that then they're gonna do it as a sepal
and both sepals are bad they can be bad
mostly they are far as blaxploitation
films another we have many honestly yeah
and I don't think like that's off I
don't think that's out of the question I
don't think you realize how casually we
pick what movies were doing what taste
we got oh yeah well you know this looks
fun yeah no it's not out of the question
and it's not um that wouldn't think that
would be inappropriate because a bad
movies a bad movie so yeah if we feel it
you know it's all like if we feel like
it and we if we have three of them
what we could do um what's the the the
first the first real movies to feature
on-screen intercourse was like one of
the first blaxploitation films yep just
because the guy directing it didn't know
that you were supposed to fake having
sex
big what was it called the Big Mama chat
what was it called big big I want to say
big Oh Johnny
your movies embarrassing wait really
yeah I know it was big big mamma jamma
no this was a real thing no one knows
this I don't there it is sweet
sweetback's badass song thank you para
Jules sweet sweetback's badass song was
like the the template for all
blaxploitation films okay
and in it there features a scene of
actual penetration intercourse because
the director didn't know you were
supposed to fake it okay okay I remember
say like I saw an article about that and
how funny that and it just it struck me
as very very funny only child says hey
guys you prefer mark Hamill's more PG
joker like in the animated series or
when he gets more r-rated like in the
Arkham games his performance is the best
part of Arkham Knight
I agree his performance is the best part
of Arkham Knight and yes I do think the
Arkham games are part the peak of Mark
Hamill's Joker he was able to go there
and and you know what III think we're
comparing apples to oranges words like
his performances are great in both and
it's like it's like his the the going
darker doesn't necessarily make it
greater they were both great portrayal
of a mad person one was g-rated and one
wasn't you know that said I'm very fond
of Mark Hamill's Joker from the
Batman Superman team-up dcau episodes
world's finest that is the method joke
the best Joker def he's in this this
giant experimental Lex Luthor plane
that's crashing huh and he's trying to
put on a parachute as the plane is going
down in flames and his own marble
grenades are rolling his way blowing up
and he knows he's gonna die and he
thinks it's the most hysterical thing in
the world that he just starts doing the
Joker laughs full-blown and it is the
most appropriate Joker death because he
thinks it's funny
sure yeah yeah that's great he realizes
he's hoisted by his own petard and it's
like the best thing ever to him I don't
know if I saw this movie oh that's great
what was it called it's world's finest
it's finite
yeah I gotta find that I love I love DC
Animated universe
it's a Superman Batman team of that
really fucking works
whoa three parter yeah but it was a
Superman animated series three parter
I've seen it sold separately as a as a
DVD called world's finest okay yeah cool
I'm down oh hey you dick
we got headcrabs we got headcrabs get
out get out of here
cosmos jester says here's some money to
get aviary attorney on Steam the game is
basically Phoenix right with birds in
1948 Paris with a black and white
newspaper aesthetics what thank you for
the months of entertainment first of all
what aviary attorney god bless you video
game makers god bless you tell me
creativity's lost in the genre Thor
man's friend says they didn't say that
that was me just having a little gas
here old God thank you so fucking much
for making me laugh
every single fucking day since I found
you on YouTube three months ago
hey welcome I was a fangirl from the
first video are you excited about the
mst3k reboot been a while since we had
an MS Mystery Science Theater 3000
discussion haven't it has asked this all
the time what we thought about Mystery
Science Theater because of course we
make fun of bad movies as well yes as
well here is the answer I am NOT excited
I have absolutely nothing against
Mystery Science Theater 3000 right I've
seen a couple episodes I think it's a
fine show the thing is I never really
watched the show because it was
redundant because if I'm going to watch
a bad movie I am going to make my own
jokes
with Jack and Jo Mike yep we're gonna
get together and we're gonna you know
it's its Mystery Science Theater
3000 was kind of redundant in my life
mm-hmm but I have nothing against Pancho
and like I remember the same thing I
said I remember seeing it when I was
younger
uh-huh and all I was like I'm sure the
jokes are fine but all I was was upset
at them talking over the bad movie I was
like I just want to watch this bad movie
so it's like again yeah nothing against
it but like I didn't watch it when I was
younger and I wouldn't watch it now
because I wouldn't want to like
inadvertently steal one of their jokes
by the time that was on the air I just I
was already friends at Mike's um no one
remembers Josh Josh isn't around enough
it'sit's on Josh one not being mentioned
it's just not around enough for this
shit he needs to make himself less of a
sometime street yeah it's true
he is invited everyone uh all are
invited
nobody has ever been like forbidden from
showing up at a screening and if I don't
mention but honestly it's because I
don't know Josh as well as everyone else
mm-hmm
I was a late comer up to Wisconsin yeah
so to a large extent Josh to me it's
like friend-of-a-friend territory sure
sure
even so for me I guess I mean you know
I'm I've known him for a while I'm like
we've hung out cuz uh like I've actually
have I known no looks like I've known I
think I've known Josh longer than Jay
and Mike but I've just hung out with him
less look up you know we were are our
bands back when I was in a band played
the same places in a lot of the same
shows josh is the wizard Jett
other beard other people their beard
none of us is rich I give you five
hundred million dollars
will you make out with me five hundred
million dollar five hundred million
dollars another question have Jack and
rich ever experimented sexually with
each other no I'm just gonna say the
answer is all around no no you could
probably get me to budge on the make out
thing sure send me a picture we'll see
we'll talk oh wow send me send me a
picture send me a picture gobbledygook
says me again if you really want to do
well in no man's sky make money in the
starbases trading limited lynnium i make
millions of units an hour really ever
mine and the exploring is stress-free
hmm okay it's nice to know the game
becomes playable once you take out a
large chunk of it just saying
sir card says hijack I am my man Jack
here is two dollars for actually taking
time to comment on my do it up video Oh
made my day
Oh No thank you for making that I loved
it so uh someone took the dumit up song
although if that is you you should
really credit the person who made the
song song okay they credited me you know
for the lyrics but they forgot to credit
the person who made the song that's
important that's important important but
no they they put the dumit up song to to
footage of doom and I thought it was
really fun I think I think the dumit up
song is better than miracle of sounds
dumb song really that's high praise
yeah that is high praise rich miracle of
sound is a gentleman who does game theme
music videos mmm
he writes and make songs for various
franchises
even doom it up is better than his doom
it is it just is I'm not as disagreed as
he was doing it up is very much in the
spirit of doing hardcore simplistic huh
blunt and violent nice alright it's very
much in the spirit of doom yeah I'll
agree with you just because I love doing
it up - I love doing it up - just a riff
oh yeah miracle sound has done a lot of
good things I'm just specifically saying
that do it on is better than his doom
song which was hell to pay I forgot
exactly what it was called
they have heard a couple of mirrors it's
not stuff it's not hardcore enough his
doom song oh sure it's too song it's
still singing like a blunt dual hood up
that's the duma song so it'll make the
fucking poster bit up hey hey just in
one of them riffs wanna damage from the
special specials i like hell to pay it's
fine but do it up is better work that's
all I'm saying
no rich that's not all you're saying
you're saying obviously all of miracle
of sound songs are terrible I'm really
find a miracle song did the The Ballad
of clay carmine okay I'm from Gears of
War mm-hmm and that's really good I
can't do it justice if I try to sing it
because I can't sing yeah this other
sounds and the song besides singing just
go look up this ballot of clay carmine
Mirko selling the ballot of clay carmine
it's great it's great I'm just terrible
I love it already no I love it alright
get out of here
anonymous says in no man's sky you can
traverse the area and when you get to a
trading post docking port call for your
ship and it'll come to you
mining is great for selling materials to
weapons / ship upgrades yeah but I don't
always find a trading post or something
maybe I'm just in the middle of nowhere
I just want to go back and I really
think a lot of this just has to do with
we don't have a lot of hours in yet and
and we just have not figured out like
the most efficient route so this is why
I've been reluctant to comment probably
got five hours at this point oh yeah
yeah so just that's why you got to give
us a little more time we're not playing
it today because we didn't obviously
want to like have the stream influence
our feelings on it because we are gonna
do it for an episode plus you're trying
this magic here where you get used to a
mouse and I mean I and I like I've
always I have always always said that I
know that a mouse is more accurate
because it is but man oh man do I feel
way stronger here's my here's my no
man's sky dilemma okay I obviously
you're on foot I like using you know the
mouse and keyboard yeah I being aim
things with my mouse when I walk but
when I fly the ship
I like the situation where I'm like
swishing to the Mollison back
oh my god sure that is that is a real
dilemma anonymous says hi guys hello I
was showing best of the worst to a
co-worker and I said so that's Mike and
Jay and that's Jack and rich Evans he
said wait are the last two brothers Jack
and sevens five seconds later or are
they married
Oh it's cuz we get along so well I guess
that speaks highly of us well you are
married just not to me
right not ever not ever tired sad says
rich who do you think is a worse
talk-show host Jay Leno or Jimmy Fallon
I've never even bothered to fucking
watch Jimmy Fallon but in general I find
him to be very obnoxious so I doubt I
would like his Tonight Show but I've
never even fucking tried it it's not
watched TV watched in the first place
let alone watch some obnoxious prick who
I hate to see if he shows slightly
better than the Jay Leno version of the
show like he's got he's got some Jimmy
Fallon has got some fine bits yep I
wouldn't know he like he has some fine
things he has this is this one segment
that he does every once in a while
called called thank-you letters which is
basically just a way to set up jokes you
know like thank you watermelons for
giving Gallagher a career you know it's
just a way to tell jokes and that's fine
but god I hate most of his dicks if if I
were going to watch talk show I don't
think there's any way I wouldn't rather
watch like colbert or blink in his
fucking name than that from the man show
yeah Oh Kimmel Kimmel Jimmy Kimmel I
would probably watch Jimmy Kimmel Live
would be my late-night talk show of
hosts
if I watched late-night talk shows yeah
yeah it was good I've come a long way
from Johnny Carson and can't we just go
back can we can we dig Johnny Carson up
I'll take Johnny Carson's bones over
Jimmy Fallon
that's harsh whoa oh fuck that would
certainly be fucking entertaining for at
least one episode fuck
Richard oh fuck he went upside-down and
now my brains fuck oh wait wait wait am
I going
Coenen yacón is fine Conan's great
Jonah's got good bits he knows how to
interview people run you fuckers over
yeah fuck you how about John Stewart
when he was on The Daily Show well he
was great but he's not on The Daily Show
anymore right
John Oliver is fun yeah he's got good
things I don't know if that is
considered a talk no because he does not
interview people I don't know if I'd
really consider the Daily Show a talk
show yeah they did one one guest yeah
that counts whatever whatever
it's kind of its own beast the show it
was it was it was
mr. stem stirrer says hey chaps did you
hear about hello games plans for adding
the ability to build bases and own giant
space freighters in no man's sky why
such a large feature not why wasn't such
a large feature not shipped with the
game rushed much yeah yeah I mean I I
really need to play a bore before I can
comment and hate or love type things
yeah my one one thing I did say to Jack
we need more civilization oh my god yeah
where's the space city where's the
where's the the Galactic Council
Federation asking you to ally with them
against the rebel fortress forces yeah
yeah there's there we're missing a lot
of point where like I just don't get the
point in a lot of it what I'm saying is
I want space politics yeah its ambitious
yet at the same time it's not very
ambitious mm-hmm
I wish I had played morally dangerous at
this point because I'm sure there's a
lot of comparing contrasting I can do oh
sure what little I have played of lead
dangerous
made me very happy from the semi
perspective and I am that's fair no
man's land from a space sim perspective
it's very that's where I'm looking for
shell Oh a nut shell oh wow that's not a
sin though like yeah rkt or similar I
think shallow might be the most accurate
so far but the trade-off is land that
explore the planets right
rich I bet you never thought you would
say that about space politics I love
Star Trek Star Trek is all space
politics look just because George Lucas
is an idiot doesn't mean space politics
has to be boring when you have no
fucking idea what you're doing yeah it's
it's boring but if you're a competent
author you can do some interesting space
politics shit oh yeah
my favorite TNG episodes were the
Romulan episodes yep you're basically
diplomatic duals spies and all that
interesting shit space politics can be
great oh sure
damn it damn it damn it damn it damn it
damn damn damn cyber bathroom it says
hey Jackie reg hello huge prereq and
Earl and Finn thanks for all the fans
has to comment content I'm in
pre-production on my first feature any
advice from your experiences making
movies buckle up
there's not much positive I can say here
people people say I hate everything and
that I'm cynical that's true but I think
when somebody is making their first
feature yeah there are just some harsh
truths you have to deal with go ahead
it's gonna suck it's gonna suck it's
very likely it's alright it's not
guaranteed to suck but it's very likely
to start very likely to suck and you're
very likely to learn a lot of things but
your first feature is very likely to
suck so so here's if it's your first
feature that I'll assume you're
directing it a couple things you need to
know one you have to know what you are
shooting every single day it will make
your days so much smoother you know like
I think a lot of people just like come
on
you know like come into it and say well
you know we'll figure it out when we get
there well well huh you know like well
well improv it or we'll do some stuff
know exactly what you're shooting and
have a schedule you can still improv but
come in with a plan first
abso-fucking-lutely and then once you
have the plan down you can play around
within that and then do a little bit
improving here and there okay this be a
really great idea but you might not have
the great idea onset right come in with
a plan come in with a plan is so fucking
important it's gonna feel like a grind
coming up with the ideas are very fun
mm-hmm but when you're putting together
a feature-length film I mean there's a
lot of work and it's gonna feel like
it's taking forever yeah yeah every day
you're gonna realize oh we only got two
minutes worth of footage from our movie
or one minute worth of footage or we
spent the whole day and we really we'd
always really did was we we got this one
shot down right yeah it's gonna be a
grind you know what that's some of it
that is some of it
some of it are those really harsh
lessons of oh shit I thought this was
going to take five days and it's taking
two months so-and-so didn't show up
today this actor yep and we're fucked
for the day like that happens
rich doesn't read your comment unless
you cough up some dough well fuck you I
just read yours we try to read the chat
as much as we can we get a lot of tips
I'm sorry I'm sorry
read the tips when I'm not reading tips
I read from the chat but I have a lot of
tips so I'm sorry Cade Cartwright says
rich and Jack yes I recently posted a
theme for movie dicks and I'm curious
what your thoughts might be basically it
would be a night of watching movies that
any old dick played in or produced oh I
have no say in movie dicks it's not it's
not my thing it's it's our fans utilize
our chat yep to watch movies we have
nothing to do with movie - yes no input
no input might might be interesting to
see you know like the the student films
that people made but yep that is not our
movie dicks
yeah like we've said they use they use
our chat and that is the extent of our
involvement nonnamous says since we're
talking about documentaries I want to
recommend my favorite
it's called resurrect dead the mystery
of the toy in beats Hiles in it the
filmmakers try to solve a real-life
mystery it's a fine documentary but
really what's more interesting is the
thing the documentary is about mm-hmm
yeah are you familiar with the 20p tales
hmm hmm look into it I don't know if I
can do it justice all right
I have run across one in real life a toy
boot I'll toy and beat I'll wait wait
say that's slower toy and be tiles toy
and be tiles forget I forget exactly
what they say they all have they all
start with this message and then
sometime there's a rent after them it's
a very weird form of graffiti toy in
bead title tiles okay TOI
yen
B or something like that resurrect dead
on planet Jupiter Toynbee tiles
resurrect dead on planet Jupiter is the
message that most all of them start off
with okay and then sometimes they end
there and sometimes our rent and this is
Street graffiti but it's not painted on
wall it is like vinyl tile somebody
actually cut out and made embedded in
the concrete either on the street or on
the sidewalk what nobody knows who the
fuck makes these things all right nobody
has well the doc no matter who tries and
figure it out they think they have a
they have it pegged I'm not a convinced
they they have it but they appear all
over - I forget what city they started
and they've been found like Chicago New
York cities all around America these
things have appeared just I'm the
fucking street and then some in like
South America Africa's had a couple and
nobody knows who the fuck is doing this
I am so interested in this yeah watch
the documentary was it coming
resurrect dead the mystery of the
Toynbee tiles
toi nbe great toy and be idea resurrect
dead and planet Jupiter that's the
actual message ok Italian be idea I
believe I could be wrong mostly in
Philly mostly in Philly I just I've seen
one in Chicago with my own eyes I had no
idea what the fuck it was at the time
like what the fuck said
you will never remember that I'll put up
a new fucking tab just open up a new tab
but I put him right on joy and me you
got a note thing it's some interesting
shit Sisson says rich in the segment rlm
made for the People vs George Lucas
where you played Darth Vader in the
scene where he goes no it really sounds
like you're shouting yah was that
intentional no I was definitely going
for no maybe that's another rich Evans
flub I don't know you don't know no we
didn't make that before the People vs
George Lucas that was from documentary
Mike made called the United States of No
and the the People vs George Lucas guys
that wanted to use the clip because they
couldn't use a clip from the real movie
yeah yeah
yonder yonder says considering how rape
and play there is how much just as how
I'm assuming they they will intend to
put him much in there considering how
rape and played there is on bTW I'm sure
they're fine with blaxploitation look
the right here's the thing with rape a
best of the worst a lot of fuckin B
movies have fucking rape in them it's
not something we seek out it's just all
over with bad movies because it again
remember we do not watch the movies
before yes
TNG after-dark says hello jack and rich
rich know if you were approached to play
the penguin in the DCCC you DCCC you
what I'm dumb would you accept Jack if
you're approached to play the Riddler
would you like I'd be terrible but the
movies are already terrible and
presumably they would be paying the
money you know and no one else is gonna
give me that kind of money
mm-hmm so yeah I do it the Riddler
yeah oh fuck you fuck you I'll do
anything you would be a fine Riddler
I'll do anything for money I think I
think I could get I think I could buy I
could play a pretty good Riddler young
bubby says Jack yep if you are feeling
motion sick ma'am you can always try
learning to do keyboard and mouse on
vampire the masquerade son of a bitch
facing will be less likely to make you
ill why are people all up over that
lately what's the deal I think it's one
of those uh
so good it's bad games I'm not convinced
of that I don't know I don't know I
think you know it's like I said it's
just one of those things where it like I
want to do this because I do want a
little bit of like a little bit of
challenge I need to lay down again you
do that you do that like I want to earn
my keep
you could try a different game maybe it
won't make you sick doesn't have doesn't
have to be slower anonymous says have
you seen Outland where Sean Connery
plays a space cop where he is security
guard on a space pine the movie is like
alien without the alien I have not seen
Jack have you seen Outland no no Jack
has not seen it either Jack I seen
Outlander
is that anything like Highlander I'm
completely unfamiliar I understand Pula
man's friend says hey fellows do me a
favor and say happy weekend Patrick my
fiancee is in the other room and it will
freak him out
happy weekend Patrick Patrick probably
already love for his happy weekend good
time I actually got a roundabout sad mad
jack says my wife lamented that we
should have offered to buy you and your
fiance a drink at the fair and I agree
here's a tip so you two can get a drink
next time you're out together enjoy and
thanks for the laughs
thank you very much sad man Jack lost in
Technicolor says after finally playing
through inside I couldn't stick I
couldn't stop thinking that Jay would
love watching a playthrough of it have
you guys showed him any more of the game
or recommend that he watched a
playthrough
Oh No maybe he'll see it sooner or later
maybe maybe these rom for a stream and
I'm thinking of it will show them I
don't know even that won't matter to you
gotta get in Jack's getting in on this
getting in on it san mad jack was the
earlier one I think up or not I think I
said sad man Jack and that's completely
wrong it's san mad jack okay but this is
this is lost in Technicolor
and this is about Jay watching a play
through the part of what makes that
ridiculous ending so ridiculous is the
first 3/4 of the game yeah you know like
I don't think you could just like show
him like diving into the tank and being
sucked up by the arm monster cuz they go
oh yeah that's weird
yeah but like the fact that nothing like
that exists beforehand and then we just
get spooked here and spookier and
weirder and weirder as we could there's
an escalation it's that's true it's one
of those things that non game people
will never understand like the journey
to get to the weird armed monster Oh arm
and leg monster is what makes it special
like and like I said we could just show
him that like just that monster and he
would probably enjoy it but the
experience if he was with us that night
the experience of going through all I'm
gonna I'm gonna agree with you on that
yeah it wouldn't be the same even though
he might get enjoyment out of it it's so
weird yeah it would not be the same
young Bobby says rich never reads my
tips about vampire the masquerade
bloodlines there's no sense of
conspiracy I have read every damn one
every goddamn one the blue blaze says hi
guys have you watched shock treatment
the spiritual successor to Rocky Horror
Picture Show also the ghoul net and
elite dangerous features the space
politics you mentioned in a cool way I
know I need I really need to play a lead
dangerous we're in the the the we have
the enviable problem of having too many
games we need to play yes yes yes right
now I'm kind of obligated to play no
man's sky you are you are you have to
play no man's sky before you play
anything else
yonder yonder says I think we're caught
up yes this is fascinating
vampire the masquerade bloodlines is a
very rough but fucking great RPG and
paradox is bringing it back now that
they know they bought wife Wolf's assets
I'm tweeting you assholes evidence well
we we all know about my world-renowned
love of RPGs think about so obviously
that's something I'd want to get right
on rich cuz my god I love RPGs and
obnoxiously angsty vampires it looks
like you got a lot of screen tearing
going on probably do want vsync yeah
yeah
what blood-borne isn't angsty gothy
vampires blood-borne is some freaky
fucked up shit blood-borne is is horror
it's werewolves and and blood there's no
day ain't no vampires there might be
gothic elements I don't think you can
really call it angsty though it's not
pouty
there's nothing pouty about blood-borne
it's just this is fuckin crazy
isn't this awesome look at this fucking
monster
Oh whoop
bloodborne had vampires there was a
covenant dedicated to them yes because
that's exactly the same thing as a game
centering around and rice ESCA vampires
it's identical there's no difference
yeah these one people who sucks blood
they're vampires so it's totally the
same bye bye it's very specifically your
Anne Rice II kind of vampires that I
hate which I'm pretty sure is what
masquerade is based on I've been wrong
before but I mean like I love dear dark
which is a vampire movie
I love Fright Night also a vampire movie
and I love The Lost Boys also a vampire
movie none of them are really gothic and
angsty experiences right I'm with you
I'm with you then you're darker I guess
it's angsty but not gothic not pouty
pouty pouty pouty vampires a mortal
beautiful no one stands me no one
understands I'm so unique that is like
my hair is black I've had to live this
life for so long life doesn't have any
meaning what will vampires are nothing
like Anne Rice vampires Wow rich Wow Wow
rich feast on my anger
Wow rich you just don't you you've you
know rich you've really showed your
ignorance here really you've really
you've showed me a side of you that I
don't I don't like and you know wow just
wow you know dick
new dark vampires aren't out of their
minds near dark vampires they're just
getting by they're just doing what they
need to do to survive your bark is great
until the ending when it becomes schlock
now but up until that ending your dark
is great can't do it
I came through it anywhere I had a I had
a friend in high school who was it was
into vampire the masquerade for a bed
yeah it just sounded like the most
obnoxious thing when she described it
debate like this sounds awful
nope nope done oh oh I've done you're
done
oh man take this yeah Oh guys I can't
even look at the TV anymore what do you
have what are you using for escape SE
Cupp I got an escape button program to
my mouse so for pause mine
I mean just take menu I need a menu huh
we're gonna find some Mouse okay oh no
oh I might barf I might barf okay we're
gonna find another one well we got one
we got quick get the Ghostbusters oh
fuck it Jack I'm good do it you can't
stop me you can't stop it I can't stop
you can't stop me apparently I can't
stop em hold on let me change the name
I can't stop rich for what he's about to
do hold on I gotta update get update
which is about to do something I don't
necessarily agree with it but hey you
know I got the first couple hours of the
stream you probably got another good
hour in us yep
long as as long as I can not barf I'm
gonna get some water
I thought you were doing that Oh
well get out I think I got a check

[Part III]
anyway okay hey we might be back I don't
know if you can see us probably not
because our camera is not turning on for
some very strange reason all right I
want to try this okay I'm gonna bring up
no man sky okay I'll see if everything
dies again okay
oh it's dying already no oh God
Oh God come on come on
anyone uh even so no no man's sky really
does not like OBS it makes sense cuz no
man's sky is horribly optimized for PC
yo and OBS is it's a little bit of a
resource hog streaming sure I mean it
works with literally every other game
but we're good issues with games before
we have had issues of games before no no
no and no close windows window and
everything breaks and crashes that's
fine that's fine my link to no man Scott
okay let's see what happens
let's see you know I'll come let me know
if you're actually seeing this shit well
and if you're seeing us I I don't think
you are I don't know there's no way no
there's no light on the camera that's a
dead camera somehow the the the computer
crashed so hard at fried our webcam
how is that even possible how is that
possible rich I don't know jack
everything in life is fucked up I'll
take the better gun did that fix it to
that make it all better nope nope it
didn't what's your story jackass same is
all of them we hear you no see you we
see game okay great you see game well
that's good the fucking battle word how
how how how how does a computer crashing
fry a webcam
I'll buy the here by the way here's an
interesting fact about no man's sky yeah
when you start the game yeah the field
of view the default for both for in the
ship and on foot
you know it's 75 the default yeah you
know it's an even more interesting thing
about no man sky is in the PlayStation 4
version you can't change the field of
view what a wonderful idea do you see
that hole to go back to that graphics
tab do you see that hole graphical
options yeah that doesn't exist in the
PlayStation 4 version oh my god yeah
yep tear both our eyes out I've
unplugged and plugged back in the webcam
approximately eight times using
different USB ports both on our USB hub
and on Rich's computer itself it
probably needs a computer restart but I
don't want to restart the computer
because we just restarted the stream it
took something out of the box what was
oh nothing found from that make sense
it don't need two of us you know um this
is telling how many hours I have in I
don't even know what those do you know
something I'm gonna say what about the
game you know what I really really
fucking hate what is those journey
milestones yeah I see you know pops up
and like it just popped up in and said
you you talked to for aliens
congratulations I don't feel like I
accomplished a damn thing I did that oh
why was I supposed to do that was that
important for some reason I don't know I
had those pissed me off so much because
the game is trying to reward me by the
way that you have unredeemed UM's yeah
that that never fucking goes away that
keeps popping up every ten fucking
seconds I wanted to use the default ship
for a bit yeah but that fucking message
won't leave me alone
yeah it's obnoxious so I'm going to I'm
going to I'm gonna do that right now
just so we'll it will leave me alone
right someone is saying like they feel
like that about any achievements yeah me
that's that's about I'm in but you know
what in other games you can turn those
notifications off hear it like actually
stopped oh I'm gonna switch to the
totally not an x-wing nice
gobbledygook says Jackie get a lot of
those in the beginning but later on you
see them less often you're learning what
things you can try to achieve but I
don't feel like I am achieving anything
that's my biggest problem is you know
like I know like scanning stuff gives
you money so like that's your reward for
scanning stuff you get like you know all
the credits for that and then like you
scan 10 items congratulations like well
I was already getting you know it
doesn't it doesn't have the same weight
oh they're saying wait you forgot to get
your hyperdrive what I have a hyperdrive
oh not that many other menu right here
oh great right here oh this this DLC
ship yeah oh it comes with one so it
takes out a whole chunk of the early
part of the game oh and we don't want to
go back into OBS because that might risk
crashing everything yeah we're soaking
that alone I know right now we have the
overlay with an empty face cam because
for some reason that fried our camera
but I also don't want to we don't want
to risk going back into OBS because that
might mean we crash again
why space fucking yellow I think you're
still kind of in the upper atmosphere of
cloud cover my space wasn't yellow I
think there are different things yeah
probably tell what area you're at yeah
so one probably wants to get a little
further out in the space won't be so
fucking yellow so what are we doing what
are we doing Jack in no man's sky I have
no fucking idea what we're doing like
these ships are need but yeah what are
they do what can I do with them
what is your purpose you can fly around
him you can shoot him what do I get out
of that
besides dead mostly mostly you get dead
yeah but you could shoot him if you
wanted to but yeah you fire on you look
at him look at it pretty I hate the
magical asteroids that pop in and the
fact that there are asteroids everywhere
I find a little bit annoying yeah oh
that one's got nickel though that's a
nice thing you know but you can look at
him that's what you can do with the
ships rich you can look at them interact
with them somehow
hello skeleton bill interacting with
them would be what makes a good
open-world game versus a bad open-world
game jack um well what do you really
look at it either that many things to do
in Grand Theft Auto oh I think there's
well you know what there because I love
me some Grand Theft Auto at least so
there's the world right and this world
is pretty cool the the universe of no
man's sky yeah as compared to the
universe of Grand Theft Auto is there
much actual variety to it though
well that's what we're gonna I think
actually what so far the problem I'm
having and again I'm very early on the
game is I don't I I have no motivation
to do anything right and Grand Theft
Auto with its little side missions kind
of set you off on a path like okay oh
yeah this is what you want we want you
to do now this is what we want you to do
now sir these are cars you need to
collect even refer like a complete side
mission oh sure here I have the
ice-cream truck
so like the game had things it wanted
you to do you didn't have to if you
didn't want to huh but the games had
stuff to like set you on a path and I've
I have yet to find the path that the
game wants me to take in no man's sky
doesn't want you to have
and is that a mistake do what you want
but are there enough things to really do
that's the question
are there enough things to do is there
enough motivation even in something like
minecraft survival mode uh you know you
still have to fucking survive monsters
come out at night you need to you know
build up your shit and I'm worried I
don't have a great answer but what
really is the difference to it a good or
a bad open-world game oh it's it's what
what did I think the actual answer
though is just too complicated which is
just many things I mean actually just
driving around like riding a bike in
Grand Theft Auto and itself is just fun
mm-hmm did you pass that fuckin Space
Station do I need to spin there oh
there's a big dot on it well you have
your hyperdrive now right yeah so you
can go to a different you know galaxy
press down man I think the dots just
letting me know that's the space station
I think you the dot says like that's
where you need to go next but you
fucking leave this galaxy go to video
what if I just want to fly around oh
well you to tell me what to do well you
have your hyperdrive now and literally
the blue the blue triangle says you have
to do that now I don't know if do I
don't have to follow the blue triangle
my own man or the blue rectangle and
once the blue rectangle says you have to
do something you have to listen to it
that's crazy talk Jack that's crazy talk
I am perfectly capable of not following
directions okay great so yeah you know I
I think an important part of an
open-world games is there's a creator's
giving you some constraints there's
nobody to mug there's no people on the
street who are just gonna like shove me
and start shooting at me no I don't know
very there's there's very little world
interaction there's were little life
people life where's the city even the
animals aren't that interesting to
interact with or the trees like you're
shooting them for their for their
goodies
but I still I'm still I don't think I
have a solid answer to what is what was
good and bad in the open no no no like I
said I I don't think there is a good
answer I think that it's a lot of little
things I mean you look at grand theft
auto Tejas driving around it's just
driving around
yeah sure you drive those different
environments drive around but you're
just driving around wherever you go you
can a prick and say that and it wouldn't
be it wouldn't be inaccurate go through
go through a source I am what do you
think I shot that oh now on it's not as
exciting now I shot too much of the ass
drink this potato shooting potatoes no
big deal that's a big one no firm we
have farmers just shooting potatoes I
was on a planet I did encounter a
mountain of solid fucking gold nice no I
you know what I don't think this is the
Galactic Minecraft experience minecraft
building there's no building there's no
building there's no crafting there's no
I mean there's crafting but it's very
simple and you know what there's no
threat I got in one spaceship battle
once ok and I died very quickly so it
wasn't really fun maybe my spaceships
just too much of a piece of shit sure
still wasn't very fun oh I died did you
no no no nah minecraft gives you
something to do every day you're doing
something I already discovered that Jack
OH
in fact that I haven't I discovered you
got to go to a new galaxy have you
discovered that undiscovered go that one
may go undiscovered you want to go to
the planet or the moon or you could just
use your hyperdrive and zip off to
fucking wherever you want to see how
visible the planet is from the moon sky
oh great that seems like something to do
let me head let me head mini warp
many more
let's see if I can crash we had an issue
where we can't really fly low on the
planet the ship naturally wants to stay
lifted yeah so I'm gonna just book it
and see it'll start crash I don't yeah I
know it will but we're gonna find out
for sure okay here we go
12 seconds also you can activate your
hyperdrive by opening the Glock four
wagons baby yeah I know that won't go
away it's really obnoxious it's really
really fucking annoying Wow no it's got
a load and and still loading still
loading no you just can't do that rich
stop trying to do stuff wow this is like
nothing here you can't see the planet
though which is cool it's cool well you
might need to get on the ground for some
you got a way to do a question right now
there you go there's something totally
going to the question mark gotta go the
question mark you might learn a new word
it might be a corvax tribute piece you
know what I know I kind of like the
words I kind of like slowly learning the
language and eventually he will be able
to talk to these fuckers hey I don't
mind that if it went somewhere they'd be
great okay so I guess we wouldn't buy it
they're just landing yeah he's like just
land
they don't want noobs to crash into
planet planets take the fucking steering
wheels off I don't give a shit about the
noobs right oh shit sorry I have not
been reading tips let's see here
did you read my TV broke a year ago no
but that's 85 says my TV broke a year
ago but I don't give a shit mostly
thanks to our LM have a tip worth a
month of TV fees I'd otherwise pay for
crap that's not nearly as good as do you
guys introducing me to new games well
thank you well we got some radiation
hazards going on oh yeah yeah you gotta
watch out for that shit oh and an animal
hazard what is that
I've never seen that for the Paul I
think someone's hunting you Oh Oh your
prick scan him or shoot him oh yeah oh
the rediem oh that fucker look at that
fucker let's see here gobbledygook says
$2 tip to hear your opinion on Wesley
Snipes and the blade movies good bad
good bad are some motherfuckers always
trying to ice-skate up he'll see the
first one yeah dumb action movie it's a
dumb action movie I loved blade I loves
blade my friends and I had bloodbath
dance parties of course blade for me
came out in high school so yeah I was a
little young maybe a little dumb was it
raining
yes yeah that's Nate I I loved wait I
have not seen it in quite a long time
and since Jay has still never gotten
back to me I assume he doesn't want to
do it but that was my idea for a review
I will I will give that away I know I
wanted to keep that secret but Jay has
officially never gotten back to me so I
assume he does not want to do it but
that was my idea for a review the blade
blade movie blade was the first
successful Marvel movie
now it was it really really was a blade
is the movie that convinced Marvel that
they could make money making movies so
we we get we get all of the the Marvel
Cinematic Universe because of blade I
mean it also started David Gore's career
good bad or otherwise it was it was an
r-rated superhero movie I know it's
technically a vampire movie but still an
r-rated superhero movie before that was
cool but yeah but have they made money
making movies where's the proof and
you're right so Hollywood economics can
make you think they lost money on
anything hmm because they don't want to
pay royalties what's the word like like
when somebody gets like a percentage the
net they can they can delay them from
getting anything for decades orchard
thief blade wasn't the first Marvel
movie blade was the first successful
Marvel movie thanks too much crap not
Captain America 1990 that movie went
direct to video and bombed way too much
crap yep music crap
so anyway that's what I think about the
blame okay I think I remember blade
fondly I have no idea if it's still any
good let's see here frenzy says why is
Gordon so this goes back to half-life 2
why is Gordon considered a legend in the
story as far as we know he's a scientist
who was just part of a fubar event that
he had no saying or doing it someone
considers him to be godlike creature
well no remember in half-life 1 yes he
just stumbled onto the event but he
ended up saving the entire laboratory
and fighting off the evil military guys
and so anyone who was in that laboratory
like like both of the doctors and the
people who started the resistance in
half-life 2 would consider Corbett
Gordon Freeman hugely vital so because
he saved it also cause no no that was
that was incidental because of the the
warp technology
he started the experiment but that was
just the experiment that they were doing
as a company so okay that was it yeah
yeah right so that's the thing
a Michele makes a great point which is
like after he saved basically the earth
from an alien invasion he just magically
disappeared because the g-man stole him
yeah so that the g-man could then wake
him up to save the earth again in
half-life 2 so so imagine just someone
saving the planet and then magically
disappearing that would create a bit of
a god-like illusion don't know nothing
about no half-life well that's so that's
that's why he's a big deal what what you
need different materials dr. death
stalker says if you wanted to introduce
some friends to the idea of watching bad
movies for fun what movie would you
start with I was thinking Battlefield
Earth incorrect
the room yeah you either start with the
room that has that has turned so many
people Pro bad movies I also think that
samurai cop is a great start
also Miami connection would be a great
start also this is why you can't stray
too far from your fucking ship yeah and
why the ship kind of ruins the
exploration aspect of the game because
you'd like to am i close enough yet nope
she bought a range and I'm gonna die
because of the hazard production that's
funny right great
you can Oh huggy snuggle you cannot
start with Neal bream if you start
people with Neal Breen they will then go
back to confused you have to start them
with something that's accessible
something like the room something like
samurai cop or Miami connection those
are a great way those are a great way to
get people started Ches 87 says here's
two bucks to watch Jack barf live on
stream i have not barf i needed to stop
though because i was getting very very
close rich you accomplished something
did i look you travel can't get to my
menu to refill my rapidly diminishing
health bar but he's traveled 10,000
units don't you feel like you've
accomplished something no I'm gonna die
yeah I'm gonna die for this shit yeah
maybe there you go plutonium should
power your hand I ask this you should
know what power is it it wants zinc or
titanium hots and you have something you
ship that's not gonna happen
just for hidden yeah well carbon work
will you take carbon I gotta be close
enough now oh yeah
there you go nice right you did it I'm
just gonna fly closer to the thing
that's fairly exploring doesn't really
work let's see here m-mine says is this
like a highly advanced mining game like
those 2d miners that you just upgrade to
get to the bottom I think that's the
point well rich and I are just not that
far we can't comment fully you should go
there you should go do that thing I
think I know what that is we just we
just haven't gotten that far yet I don't
like this planet what well it's a moon I
don't like this moon janym I don't like
this moon moon the Cape's says rich you
bastard I was so starstruck I locked my
keys in the car says the caps and
gobbledygook says I would argue that no
man sky is not an open world game it has
a straightforward goal go to the center
of the galaxy yeah well you know first
of all gobbledygook before I finish have
had nothing explaining that I need to go
to the center of the galaxy yet yes so
far four or five hours in no one has
told us to go do that yet nobody told me
to do anything which I'm not saying is a
bad thing right so we don't know that in
the open world but I need fun fun of
things to do than mining yep yeah um
let's see here actually build something
that might be neat that would be named
let's see here see if you can do it the
galaxy is too big to wander on foot
easier ship like if I could hire people
and start like a trading business then
kind of need was sure what if what if
you could rally some people around you
and build a small army yeah to like or
you know what like Star Trek beyond what
if you could make your own biker gang
you do any of those things if you can
make your own biker gang and like attack
those big ships and mind
resources wouldn't that be neat that
would be neat all these things you know
walk around and mine she lays it read
the rock
she's your laser at the rock don't you
want to carbon it's a lot of potential
and I don't know if it's living up to
any of it mhmmm yonder yonder says
vomiting on stream violates the twitch
Terms of Service really maybe if you
know maybe if you'd like was an accident
really are they could be pricks about
that
my guess is like my guess is like you
might be reported but then you could you
could appeal it yeah yeah I just vomited
and I couldn't get off camera in time
well we're talking about a second ago
I forgot we could be a space pirate and
do stuff him and but this game doesn't
want to do it wants to shoot rocks one
of my favorite old-school games yeah the
the original MechWarrior not the sequel
MechWarrior to whichever one loves but
the first one okay it started with a
premise that you were a disgraced prince
framed for murder and you had so much
money and you had a MEK okay you could
you had the option of going to the bar
and finding somebody who would give you
a clue like well maybe if I search this
planet I'll find more information on the
real killer or you could ignore all of
that shit hire crew members and just
start your own mercenary business it was
very open ending of what you could do it
didn't slap your hand said follow the
story oh you just left you just left
yourself I just slapped my I'm gonna
explore this planet first okay and I
think maybe that's part of the problem
is like expectations on what an
open-world game is for this you know
like I said for me ice I'm still
struggling on what I'm supposed to be
doing well I think you're worried too
much about supposed to work and my
problem isn't I don't know what I'm
supposed to be doing my problem is the
things I've been doing not terribly fun
so far well that's what I mean by
supposed to doing so far what I've been
doing is not very it has not been very
rewarding yeah and so it's like is this
what the game makers
want me to be doing because then they
failed at making something fun or do the
game makers want me to do something else
in which case they failed to highlight
the thing that they want me to do you
know I'm trying to understand why it is
I'm not super enjoying it yet I post so
I guess there's silence of the shit post
what what are you oh wait there's an
apple oh I don't think question marks
are usually oh great Nega there you go
okay so vomiting violates the Terms of
Service
good thing our cameras off and I'm no
longer playing true-true I'm no longer
playing I'm most likely not gonna vomit
and if I do you won't see it I'll try to
get away from the microphone so you
don't hear it though that would be gross
rich did accept the Atlas mission at the
start I did not and you know we didn't
talk about that beforehand yeah I I
assumed that accepting the Atlas mission
was gonna make it easy mode and Atlas
was gonna tell you what to do but just a
reason not to get this the gun three
free slots yeah that's that's good
you would have you you wouldn't have
your visor huh your analysis visor which
tells you where the things are that's
important you could always get an
analysis visor and add it to it
well it doesn't tell me where the things
are you think you click down and the
range thing goes up what it doesn't have
the binoculars no no see the analysis
visor that's that's in this one that's
the range boost scanner companion that's
the thing that sends the signal out and
you get the icons everywhere
oh the eyes are you know where you look
at the animal and says animals scanned
yeah I can see little money get see
little money
cabe Cartwright says I have never felt
as lonely as I did this past Wednesday
watching twitchers playing no man's sky
my main takeaway in this game is similar
to Minecraft - the personal creativity
yeah
lonely is a good way to describe it so
far nothing and is that what they're
going for you know I think it's the best
they could do maybe I don't know
rusty VCR we're all fine it didn't
really affect us yeah
broadcasting to you from hell growth
though it's hard to say at this point
whether or not the game is worth it
obviously if you haven't bought it yet
you're waiting out on something our
first four or five hours reviews like
for me maybe not that could change
really easily I want to keep the stuff I
don't know if I'm gonna need it right
it's one of those things where my so far
my my first like my first maybe our in I
was so confused I couldn't figure out
how the menu worked like this menu right
here
that was my first hour the game it's
just understanding how this thing worked
I was so upset right my second hour I
was super into it I loved walking around
my planet loved exploring and after that
it's been a slow decline but I'm only a
few hours in
so I'm gonna sell the stuff sell all
this stuff yeah red red camera rising I
see what you said I see you you just
dick it just got deleted we were trying
not to bring up anything political as
regards to anything including the
Milwaukee riots please keep it civil we
like to talk about civil we like to talk
about games and movies and fun stuff so
how about things when we're in the mood
I don't think we're in the mood
how are you just be can just be cool
just you know nobody's cool nobody's
cool that's true that is true what did
most damage machinery Oh a pulse-jet
sigma blueprint okay
like the blueprints blueprints are good
i has the sniper you tipped thirty
minutes ago and it wasn't read and hold
on did I miss it
oh my god I did you know what you were
you were right there I think there was a
couple here miss beat you know why
because we were talking about vampire
masquerade and I got a confused with two
before that was also talking about
vampire masquerade and I know roots for
this so I has the sniper says fuck
vampire masquerade or whatever the fuck
if you want to play some good RPGs rich
I gave rich a look and he looked back at
me because he knows where this coming
play morrowind
or Dragon Age origin Dragon Age Origins
I know you're like the Mass Effect
origins is the same available origins is
the same developer as Mass Effect so
that's that's the good stuff rich rich
doesn't always keep my eyes out for a
good RPG
he really needs a good RPG that's the
real thing is he once he because once he
plays that one good RPG that's just
gonna live chasing everything changes
everything
can't make a visor well can you make a
vine a craft one oh yeah a some iron
they go done Pokemon is an RPG and rich
does not like Pokemon Jack likes Pokemon
Jack like Pokemon all right rich hates
Pokemon which means I hate you because
you like pokemons so ah Jack Jack really
likes Pokemon probably more than he
should but hey whatever Jack would you
let your children watch Batman V
Superman or Suicide Squad well not right
now they're eight and five it's probably
not appropriate for an eighth and
five-year-old when you know yeah when
when they're old enough to watch movies
of that rating they can watch whatever
the fuck they want I don't have to watch
it with them good all this neat stuff I
don't have enough inventory space for
them yeah well well right why don't you
just you know like you know crap
something or get rid of it every oh wait
you have to go fly somewhere first yeah
that seems like I get egged craft on the
spot you have a craft one for what
purpose
it still wants me to use that hyperdrive
I won't shut up about that oh hey that's
the thing that's a that's a that's a
it's a knowledge stone you've learned
the V Keane word for war yeah well I
didn't fall that far maybe a plant
attacked you maybe sometimes plants
attack you sometimes plants attack you
it's weird yeah that happened in Star
Trek I like Star Trek's
oh well then there you go that's all
fine then everything's fine then
everything's fine mr. Gooch wants a mr.
glitch has a question right yeah how
about that hyperdrive you're gonna
you're gonna use that hyperdrive can I
explore all the planets that are here
first why can I not explore but rich
what about that Hypertime says the game
knowing by the way that that was one of
like an you know I as I play I write
down stuff in my notebook that was one
of my notes which is the game had they
have these blue rectangles that tell you
what to do and I was really excited like
I was really happy just walking around
and exploring the planet but the game
kept saying gotta build this you got to
build this you got to leave the planet
you can ignore it but it just won't shut
up
it just won't shut up just the fuckup
just leave me alone
if you want me to do my own thing let me
do my own thing if you want me to do
what you want me to do then then let me
do that you know like yeah I'd let him
watch Iron Man our captain they they
have seen both Iron Man and Captain
America only recently has they're now
getting old enough to deal with some
mild language they have started cussing
both of them at once I was an early
early bloomer compared to the other huh
well they they heard it at school and my
eight-year-old very excitedly let me
know that he knew a bad word and I said
really what'd you learn
and he
he popped up his middle finger but
instead of pointing it at ad to me
knuckle side he pointed that to me other
side I wish to the camera was working so
you could see this so like you know
imagine you know you're supposed to
point at knuckle side to someone who you
saying fuck you too but he turned it
around and pointed other like finger
side and I said I said oh oh yeah do you
know what that means and he goes oh yeah
I know what that means and he and I said
well what does that mean he goes it
means thug fu G rich f ug and is he's
trying he's feeling but he's trying
well that was during the school year and
you know as the summer creeped on he he
must have heard it somewhere else
quite possibly from me and we we thought
we talked about like swearing and we
have we've had the official swearing
talk because now they know that it's
fuck and they also know shit they want
to know what it means they they have not
asked what fuck means yet they did ask
what shit means and I said it's it's
poop I didn't know what that oh my god
they didn't they're they're slow
learners they did not think to ask what
fuck means but they did ask what shit
means I don't know can you go in the
water
sure I can I mean you can go in space so
I don't see why you can't go in water oh
you do have an oxygen you can go on
space well you're in your spaceship but
uh bad words are bad you're right so so
they they have been cursing lately and
and so we've we've opened up some movie
options for them well you know what now
that they're doing it we're not we are
not teaching them you know and you know
we've had the conversation like this is
only you we can only say this you know
when we're at home we don't bring that
outside of the house and they seem to be
cool with it they seem to be cool with
it
of course they are they're swearing yeah
they're really happy to swear I had to
give him a swear too to keep my cool
with them
really well you know like I wanted them
to I wanted them to make sure like you
know he cuz he was a park was letting me
know about you know the person who
taught him is where and I wanted to know
who it was like who's bringing this to
school I knew exactly who it was by the
way but before he would tell me you know
like he he was a little hesitant so I
was like I was like here's what here's
what I'll do I'll let you know another
swear word you know like I made a little
deal with him like no I swear to it's
okay you know yeah and I gave him a crap
cuz that was a mild one like I figured I
could do that yeah what is crap mean oh
crap means to poop so he really enjoyed
that fuck that guy right fuck is is
pretty nice it's pretty close it's
pretty close bug scan that know what
well you learn two words no what no what
now what now what right now what yeah no
what no what I didn't rip him off I that
crap is still a swear word ing I could I
gave him a light one I gave him a light
one very light
I gave him you know what I gave me if
they knew any better they'd be upset I
killed gypped a I gave him a starter
swear word and that's all years he's a
starter crap crap is a starter swear
word cramp yeah give us a cunt I'm not
teaching him cunt cocksucker that's a
good one I'm not teaching him cocksucker
he's not ready for that yet he's not
ready for cocksucker also rich I don't
know if you knew this but if you press
down on the d-pad you can activate your
hyper driver
you got this d-pad and you got I mean
you just have this hyper drive if you
want to use it's fine whatever but shut
up about it because I changed my ship
because it wouldn't shut up about that I
just wanted to shut
that's all I wanted actually don't go
into your options for really quick I
wonder if we're just missing something
same game control settings control
vibration extras view credits redeemed
both kinds of quizzes absolutely not
this one is there is there any like
going to journey and controls and let's
just make sure is there a setting to
turn those off
because I think those are super annoying
show HUD but I don't want to turn the
whole HUD off right no he needs your HUD
as far as we know there be an angry
animal around here oh look at that thing
what the fuck that's probably a
graphical glitch oh wait no rich a press
why by the way now you shoot bullets
okay I'm also what I do is remaining huh
press press what so go back to your gun
that one and now press the blue button
now you'll reload now shoot it nope
might be a week like whenever I had to
fight the droids I go over to gun mode
and I kill a little bit faster I think I
had in gun mode until recently Wow okay
it's a glitch no no I like that I like
that thinking of it as a mating dance
says Tiberius Kirk hell of a mating
dance I like that I like that a lot
better than just thinking of it as a
graphical glitch that that that plenty
vine was attracting a mate
all that carbon great discover new life
and destroy it rich because I need the
widgets
Tim Tim Salman's that says this looks
boring as fuck
boring is crap crap it's it was I gave
him a starter swear which I sent them Oh
what the fug skin that shit what the
fuck that that's just kind of messed up
don't you think that's awesome that's
what that is
oh and you killed it yeah discover a new
life and murder it listen I understand
it was a crap swear word I got it I had
to give him something the swear word was
crap yeah it was a crappy swear word to
give him its meta it's a very meta
well I wouldn't mean to do that
whoa what you do I meant to scan it and
it said I used my grenades on it right
rich is on a five-year mission to
explore strange new worlds and blow the
crap out of them I don't want to scan
that it's a rock it's a thing I gotta
shoot it it's a thing it's a rock you
want it to scan all the rocks in all the
world I just know I'm on the very long
walk back to my spaceship yep you're
gonna get there take off but it's gonna
take me Oh give me a kidney it gives me
at times good take me a minute
10 seconds to get back to my spaceship
thank you thank you
lousy exploration McKenna's right right
only this were like a populated world
with our cars every word I could like
steal one or hella taxi or something or
like if it was a populated world and
they were like other shit to look at on
your way or people to talk to or some
sort of fast travel system when you get
bored of this I think I think this is
the real thing and and I again they had
a fun open-world game I don't have to
use the fast travel because I don't want
to this is war going on yeah I think
this is the real the real issue I've
been having is it's an exploration game
where the exploration mechanic
now that good you got a bulletproof head
I think they have a blue perfed there
you go you're dead now us when you got
jump rich do you know you can run with
r1 for a short period you can run for
exactly eight seconds and then you get
really tired and you go even slower so
stop running now oh yeah it's super
annoying the the right yeah I am I am
not a big fan of the wrong button yes
you can run but for not a very look ah
finally back took a very long time right
oh and I knew this was coming Thank You
Skulltula house for fine for bringing
this up because I know this is gonna be
brought up if no man's sky is all
walking shouldn't Jack love it because
he loved fire watch they got a point
fire watch was a nice tight four hours
it was a story
it had characters it kept me interested
through the stories the exploration was
simple but you had shit going on while
you were walking through the woods you
know what give me some people talking
about like exploring space over here I
might I might give me some give me some
Carl Sagan talking about the cosmos it
might be good
sculpting house i if i wish the camera
was working so I could waggle my finger
at you and you could see me wag on my
finger you fuck what you're saying is
you need to play this game while
listening to talk radio maybe and that
would make the game work mate you know
what maybe just put on some old actually
even just new episodes of cosmos listen
to Neil deGrasse Tyson Carlson
I can talk about the wonders of the
universe cosmos is fine it's bit to
beginner from its butt to 101 dang I
really need you know what I really need
the universe that's my jam okay sure
just you know what I don't want it
narrated by Stephen Hawking though if
that's all right
it isn't narrate the universe no oh you
know what I assumed you meant the
universe in a nutshell Oh Stephen
Hawking book like razz read by Stephen
I'm sorry it's okay it's okay all right
play no man's sky while listening to the
Tron Legacy soundtrack yeah man
tacos salad Tuesday says guys I missed a
stream where you talked about stranger
things can you please tell me what game
and fog and we just lost battery on a
laptop just lost battery in the laptop
what game Oh what game are we playing
what we talked about it what was that
same people made guacamelee and severed
the game was severed everything's
failing but I am feeling much better I
need to let you guys know that I'm
feeling much much better now that I'm
not playing anymore
I've got a lot of emeral Oh does that do
anything for you
I'm collecting it I'm gonna find a
recipe at some point at once I'm role
sure that's fine all right so we got a
warp where are we working to don't know
sudden so now path to galactic center so
like following that path takes you to
the galactic core I don't think you have
to follow that path I don't know so I
want to be here huh all right you're
fired job 19 you go one star way yeah
that one all right all right
you doing it you jumping I'm jumping
woah rich or my odds you're a child
you are one step closer to the galactic
core motherfucker oh and the laptop shut
down guys odo didn't its back its back
its back it restored hold on it's a
spaceship so I can shoot AB what do you
want from me you guys III can't radio
you can we have a conversation this is
where I am in the game now craft more
warp cells for hyperdrive yeah that's
what the blue thing tells you now okay
four so first of all what game were you
playing is and is that episode on
YouTube yet thank you are LMR my
internet hero so we were playing a game
called severed which is a touchscreen
game I was playing it on an iPad made by
the same people who did guacamelee
I think it's pretty fun a little light
but you know what decent iPad game
really decent iPad game is the episode
on YouTube yet no but we are really
close to catching up yeah probably about
two weeks or so yeah that's a plus
actually I think there's seven seven
chunks before we start cutting that one
yeah so like we rich and I have been
trying really hard to give you to cut
them a little
bit longer so we can catch up to get the
YouTube videos up just a couple days
after they stream yeah so we are getting
there of course a taco salad Tuesday if
you want to watch that episode right now
you can go to the twitch past broadcasts
and watch it right now with the chat
yeah that chat is archived so so if you
if you watch our past broadcasts on
twitch you can actually see the chat
along with it if that's something you
enjoy which I mean I think that's that's
great so getting into the center of the
universe is the point I think we're
getting to the center of the galaxy
maybe I flew to the filmmaker freaks as
I flew to the edge of the galactic map
and the last five thousand light years
worth of stars on the edge you couldn't
interact with so come on stars in the
universe are fake another false claim
well I don't know we don't know nothing
they had a game hey whatever mr. Chang
smile says you attack those big ships or
if they send out a distress signal you
can defend them from pirates why would I
want to attack them other than I just
I'm bored and I want to fight do I do I
get anything where am I just very likely
to get decimated why would you want to
defend them to be a hero stressing oh
that's fun that's a fun event then you
probably get some kind of reward maybe
we don't know we don't know nothing we
don't know nothing rich oh my god oh no
there's probably a fucking different
language I gotta learn is the language
only good for the one star system you're
in that would be terrible
I believe it is by the way oh that's
terrible
by the way though I like this this is
the first new alien I've seen
Oh what are you gonna do you pat him on
the head
hello hello little alien yeah send units
whatever her I'm fine
oh it gives me no something I thought I
said nothing for a second something I
have installed already a yay yay ok
nothing
yeah no the blueprints before I don't
care fuck when I came at that foot
because you can trade ships rich you can
trade ships
alright when other ships land in the
docks you can make you can make an offer
on the ships some of them are crazy
expensive I'm very annoyed to that I
gotta keep fucking around the ships
inventory to sell ship yep I agree I
agree that's that's kind of obnoxious
it's not there's not enough inventory
slots for us tonight there
I don't have any formulas I know of that
needed great I hope I'll be able to scan
for specific things at some point I
would hope that Oh like like I really
need yes some some zinc right now yeah
show me only the zinc yeah that would be
great I mean you can kind of tell you
know like you can tell with color
especially with like the minerals you
know the big blue rocks give you the hi
roommate or whatever its called
yep another site like if I need the rare
element the claw rhenium and there's
none on the planet there's probably some
of every element I don't know I don't I
got a fucking clue I would assume that's
how their procedural generation would
work because what if it's something you
need to leave the planet it has to be on
the planet you know I just know I need
to find a fucking antimatter antimatter
recipe oh you don't have the antimatter
recipe no do you I just got a em I had
to go down to the planet okay you got it
after you jump though I didn't like miss
something yeah I got it after I jumped I
went down to the planet and found the
thing that I found a bunch of outposts
and eventually got it you can tell
you're a little a little further than I
am that's surprising to me without a
little playtime I've had I I didn't come
out I was like delay on the oh that's
right I also had a door more days before
you add it
invisible Murphy says so to recap no
planet eating monsters no rideable
dinosaurs no monster ranching no hookers
so no grand theft starship there might
be space hookers we don't know the
planet eating monster something awesome
that'd be cool
and he's more stuff in general it just
means it needs like like 30% more stuff
more shit emerald it's pretty rare I
don't want to get rid of it but I can't
don't have anything used for it
immediately so I'm gonna sell it
literally just sell everything cuz
you'll just go to a planet and run out
of everything and get new shit
all this shit is on a planet what is
that I don't know I think I accidentally
bought a second one of these if I get
it's gone it's gone
I don't do right now great great fuck I
gotta get rid of this thing to get rid
of everything get rid of everything
was that 30% of zero is zero yeah you
know what I meant by that don't do but
don't picked up your snipe with me I
want my 20 boobed alien transvestite
loner art John yeah it'd be nice so if
you like the look of one of these other
ships better you can try to buyers
where's the space nightclub but like the
space pool with like like like imagine
3d billiards
yeah like the balls floating in space
yeah where's that it's it's uh there's a
distinct lack of color of a character
yeah lot of plants oh you got stuck on
something
oh you got stuck in a ship rich a ship
just landed on here are you okay I'm
fine are you okay alright exosuit was
able to absorb the blow oh good good
or the dumb jad table so on a Dom John
table yes something play dom-jot Hume on
no man's sky is an indie game pretending
to be a triple a game and sold for $60
said Tom método she may be widows well
duh it's an overhyped indie game dah
this this game makes for a super wicked
trailer don't you think yeah it's just
it's one third bait as long as it took
him to makin yeah that's the peril of
being an indie dev I guess but one
inventory fool I just sold everything
but there's stuff on your ship oh that
make you know what I'm gonna put that in
the category of makes sense no why do I
have that fucking iron I give her that
unless this is an iron and what do you
put you what do you made of
Nicoll but finding a lot of nickel I
don't think it's that rare so I don't
care
megawatt says that's just it it looks so
amazing I couldn't wait to play it even
though I knew it was a survival game and
I hate survival games like I'm okay with
survival games III had a really amazing
time playing the flame in the flood
which is a pretty simple survival game I
had a really good I played it when you
were when you were off the stream when
you were off and and I super dug it you
don't you're not go in there it's a
round of a Ben 10 fairness I was kind of
on the wrong side of the planet now so I
I'm okay with survival games the I think
one other thing lacking in this survival
game is the immediacy there's just rocks
everywhere yeah it's it's easy to obtain
all the assets oh you came in right at
the right place rich yep cuz I hate
walking I've learned to adjust for these
things
all this manufacturing facility it looks
like every other generic small structure
we've stayed in the game destroy huh
fuck right
rich is that now we're switching over to
the mouse so he can aim accurately which
is by the way like I'm using the ps4
controller and I hate ps4 controllers
for first-person shooters and that's
been really rough for me just hitting
these little fuckers to float around
cause all sorts of shit
so that's just a signal saying more are
gonna come right but if you if you jump
in there and and do a thing sometimes
you can stop them more of them from
coming heads up whatevs it's all fine
now just letting you know
Huyen Rihanna says no hookers so dead
man sky isn't even as good as v-world
matrix fuck this K I'm not on the hated
camp yet yep I'm on the critical camp
though yeah yeah and you know what I'm
with you they're like I I just haven't
played enough there there's a lot of
things that bug me so her idiom and zinc
are very important a lot of little
things that bug me about the game I
think there's some stuff I could like
you're standing with the get heaven
crease this is the get the gap you're in
the get galaxy sounds like a Klingon
dish let's see here hey Jack almost
forgot on your recommendation I checked
out the Jessica Jones comics and I loved
them so much more than sure I think that
was actually Rick some of my recommended
I have never read alias I like to just
go do a show but rich like de leus so
tell me if you read The Killing Joke
I have not read The Killing Joke because
I'm still debating whether or not I
should see to the movie first I know I
know and I have it it's on my desk
it's waiting for me to read it rich
suspension fluid how do I build that
alright alright Lightner
oh so the this time says the comics are
much more interesting character than the
show portaits
thanks thanks to rich credit where
credit I do but I like the show I like
the show a lot so I could assume that
the comics probably a little more a
little more nuanced and a little more
character focused can't really speak
Evan watch much that I saw the first
episode sure
really strong ending took me maybe four
episodes to really get into the pace of
it but once I was there I dug it so I'm
walking so far away from my ship it's
gonna be worth it well just go to your
ship and fly over don't use as fuel yeah
but these fuel is every fucking where
look there's fuel right there there's a
little red crystal fucking feel done
there's plutonium done fucking you got
it everything's fine yes collecting data
David Tennant was great in Jessica Jones
ship out of range I wonder if that's
something with this ship like it has a
shorter range maybe I've never had it
where my ship was out of range
sure
oh that's probably her iridium you might
need that that's open or were there some
radium also those things aren't supposed
to be on it what are those things when
you scan it that shows up does that not
happen on the ps4
that does not happen on the ps4 oh I
thought I hit the bun to change you god
damn it that does not happen on the ps4
why is that there that's not there
unless you scan for it shows you that
it's the thing you can do things to I
don't know if that's right I think that
might be a graphical glitch try it next
time you find a giant chunk of things
you can destroy it yeah a lot of you
maybe you just been a while since you
hit the scanner a lot of times like they
uh they glow things like glow a certain
way but I've never seen that before
where they they have the white blocks
all around them and this is a nice
mining gun
Janka Sanada it's not a glitch I I have
never seen that that's crazy
oh and and now we have that doesn't
happen that is indeed a glitch guys it's
you got it's got to be a difference
between the ps4 version and the PC
version yeah this is the PC version
Gunther Studios which is playing his PC
version because it only happens on the
shit you could mine right it only
happens that right like here we're over
here
yeah nope whoopsie
like wait walk backwards a little bit
keep walking backwards see if the
texture changes did you see that no keep
walking backwards or now does it no it's
fine the texture or suddenly changed
when you got closer okay
so it's not doing the glitch right the
glitch right ankle only want to scan huh
that looks way too delivered to not be
delivered I mean to be a glitch why
would this way with his weird grid be
here it doesn't look like I'm I don't
think it's supposed to be a grid I think
it's supposed to glow but I don't I mean
I don't know also you know or truthy
says I scan a lot that doesn't happen
unless it's only on PC maybe it's a
maybe it's a PC thing that's really
weird don't you think anybody who's
played this on PC which isn't do you do
you not get that does it does anybody
who plays on PC not get that that's the
question
feeling like a freak says yeah on the
ps4 it never pops up
it's just grids on the skin yeah that
grid on the skin that was our first game
oh that's some kind of grid guy to help
you aim properly instead of shooting all
over the place yeah
other people are saying it happens on
their PC it happens on their PC i I have
not had that happen on my ps4 it might
be a PC a PC thing let's see this time
says my effect rich Thanks any other
superhero comics in the vein either you
or either of you hack frauds can
recommend like alias dude is it thing oh
that's where you came from anything like
alias like alias like alias that I can
think of off the top of my head yeah oh
yeah mr. coach that that that is weird
that the sometimes the leftover material
just floats there in this guy yeah
drives me nuts actually that there's no
gravity on it drives me now you think
I'd be fairly easy to you know do
something about that maybe I don't know
I'm gonna run all the way back to being
range of the ship before I can transfer
some that might be a ship thing I bet
ships have different ranges Captain
Hook's as a tip for making money don't
want it to explore but don't wander too
far or it'll be a pain in your ass but
this is an exploration game but don't
explore how close do I have to fucking
be I'm gonna lose back to the fucking
ship and I changed ships cuz it wouldn't
shut up about me you know not switching
the ship god I'm annoyed
don't need all that fucking iron yeah
you read some of that shit can you can
you start making stuff with that her
idiom
what kind of fuel does the guy insist on
having
there's a merge option right huh there's
moving stack but that only work for
certain items I've actually never been
able to use the move in stack command I
don't know why it exists
gobbledygook says a tip from making
money is to trade with the other pilots
every pilot has something special they
are looking for marked by a star they
pay double for that item
buy cheap from another pilot and sell
for it sure sure sure sure you weren't
sure sure sure
hi sure but why what's the point said I
don't know oh shit
I just need a mining dream because I'm
fucking on a fucking mining base Oh God
well this will get rid of some of your
inventory at least in space which no one
can hear you being annoyed
fuck me cock says we have this great
idea for an exploration game where you
see this huge galaxy with really cool
and interesting planets in geography but
players will spend about 70% of their
time on their inventory screens
I did find like in just exploring the
planet one of the question marks
I did find randomly an upgrade slot to
my exosuit that gave me another
inventory slot so I really think if I
got I'm just gotta fuck exploring I'm
just gonna fly over yeah and even I
think you need to fly more that's I
think you need to fly more and I think
you need to like fly slowly and look
around which is actually another part of
my problem is every time you fly this
ship wants to pull up and you can't
really fly that close to the ground but
fly more look around for some shit to
land on oh god the draw distance is so
Oh God look at that
you see I should just pop up right in
front of your eyes endeavour Dokdo did
indeed everything to do indeed indeed
and Devon in to do I like Andy Davis man
maybe you shouldn't get this ambitious
oh you're gonna learn a new kick
no you cannot crash your ships the game
will not let you fly too close to the
planet somebody I said you can crash
into a space station yeah maybe you can
crash into a space station but you
cannot crash it on the planet I assume
the question was about crashing into the
planet but I tried earlier I went at
warp speed right had a planet yeah
pulled up at the last second weird so
yeah I'd say just flying it in the ship
because it's letting me know I did a
journey look at my journey you
accomplished something rich shut up get
off the fucking screen alright fuckin
jerk you fucking asshole okay hey
there's some things what's that right
below yeah what is that
yeah what did then I don't know yeah
you're not gonna go to that yeah go to
that see this flyover there's gonna be a
bunch of shit there's gonna be a bunch
of shit Jack that's literally all the
game is just look at this a bunch of
shit look at it's a whole water shit oh
it's just aluminum was that it was that
the thing we saw from up there look
different from up there was that what we
saw yep oh fuck that sorry man look at
this it's magic luminol oh oh yeah
look at that look at this magic aluminum
all my fuck it's unobtanium
oh my god it's worth a lot we're rich
shit anti gravel in mundum unobtainium
oh wait you don't remember avatar can't
imagine somebody not remembering avatar
the most memorable movie of all time and
that was totally not just a gimmick with
the 3d and that's the other reason that
movie made money no no no it was a
serious work of science-fiction remember
one of the hands of blue people oh they
thought that was pretty remember when
the protagonist was the most boring
piece of shit that had ever graced a
movie I'm a soldier I'm trying to
remember his name rich but now I've gone
native no I'm a Navi what's his name Sam
Worthington
no the character was Karen
boring Mick fuck
da-daddy damn them I can walk again I am
very excited to walk again great great
great
I gotta didn't want total more things
rich how did the same man who discovered
Linda Hamilton cast me because he
doesn't care anymore when he discovered
Linda Hamilton he probably cared about
casting she's got a lot of personality
she'd be great in this role he took some
time to cast and now he has a whole
people he has people that do him do that
you know that Michael Bain he's great
look he looks like a man who's got
post-traumatic stress disorder he's
perfect look at all this person aliens
I'm gonna make the grandest sci-fi epic
if it's gonna be in 3d my main character
is gonna be 2d is a contrast I'm going
to talk to it I'm not gonna understand
what it said because I only know two
words this new language stand to woods
be something that'll be something I
sometimes I think I know what you're
doing yeah Richard motherfucking Evans I
don't know what I'm doing every once in
a while I am convinced that you know
what you're doing whoa oh that's much
better Wham
it's am I in the big stuff sure can you
do it again does it work
stop pulling up
let me just fly oh fuck off that's
something that bothers me an incredible
amount reg that you can this is the
closest you can get to the planet I am
NOT pulling up the game is doing that
don't down oh yeah that's not that's
that's one of the first things I noticed
after I got in the plane and every
single time that bothers the absolute
piss out of me
let me put fly closer to the damn planet
all right well I got one oh my god I'm
sorry fuck me cock I wish the webcam was
working as well
uh-huh
yeah actually I would have been a good
one for the webcam because I'm kind of
straining yeah yeah no no well hey shit
happens shit happens is basically what's
going on can you you can make a bypass
chip sure you you know what what what
what the fuck
quite literally two minutes ago you said
I'm rich Evans do you think I know what
the fuck I'm doing and now and now your
turn coating on me and saying of course
I know what I'm doing I'm rich Evans I
would like to point out some statistical
inconsistencies with what you say rich
Jack I make the greatest speech the
greatest you know all the words I know
all the talking it's the best talking I
don't know sometimes when you talk I
don't think it makes much sense well
then you and we are going to waterboard
you and go after your families and you
must be attacking me
you are being incorrect about the way I
talk I'm going to torture you even if it
doesn't work wait did you go to the one
thing all right well I went to the other
thing that was nearby oh sure right you
got to go to the house still there it is
wait no I can do it the fuck I want Jack
what the fuck I want you don't tell me I
did the right cuz you know how to play
cuz you know where sky I'll tell you you
know autumn play no man Scott you know
all the things about all the stuff and
I'm so sorry I know all of the stuff
Skulltula house is rich can you destroy
planets with trilithium resin in this
game
sure why not great you can do it
you need to combine it with the aluminum
and unobtainium first though if I am to
be believed reports that was generations
with the trilithium I have no idea oh
look at that happy little guy hello
there hello a happy little frog bird man
we don't know any of those words great
that's all I God so
well you know what fuck off he just took
your shit you fuck right off he just
took your shit rich I got so much that
crap yeah strip alright uh phrase easy
says everything you want is in space
engineers check it out you can actually
design massive ships to to small mining
drones you can also trade between
planets and actually crash into it space
engineers I will write you know what I'm
gonna go a step further and write that
down so we do a whole episode that's
just games that are better than no man's
sky games that out no man's sky out no
man no man's sky before no man's sky was
no man's sky it's not a bad idea
oh dear oh dear rich you done just about
okay I think you're done I'm done
alright that's fair I'm done like I'm
just I'm just so worried that this is
gonna be it Jack what I know and I don't
want it to be like I want I still want
more I need to find a fucking safe thing
though because you know this game is
obnoxious with saving you have to go
back it's not there's not autosave but
there's not really save anywhere Ness
either I got to find a magical safe
thing that's probably hidden somewhere
no you can go in your ship you do it the
ship yeah I thought it was only the safe
towers no it was this one right here
okay thought it was just these things
you can enter your ship and then exit
your ship and as soon as you exit your
ship it saves doesn't yeah every time
you exit your ship it is oh but still
kind of so why did I have the individual
safe things that's fine fucking fine oh
because I'm a blue buff because blurmeh
blog before all right after that crash
we would loss that's true we lost the
the leftover beefcake twat sure it's
true so we have two subs it we have two
exclamation point subs is or is it subs
exclamation point I think it subs
ethical base
that it okay we'll try that subs
exclamation point no I quit and that's
the quit you need to quit
there's the quit turn that piece Oh Joe
just sub sub exclamation point oh yeah
is it none of these exclamation points
sub no no these are working okay
exclamation point sub
