Apr 20, 2016
Dark Souls III
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/72181639
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/72181996
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rBB69JSmQaA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K9uK130jKgA
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/722864150934896640

[Part I]
it's actually the same bleep up it's
insanely loud right it rowdy roddy
mcdowall
who's riding
you mean rowdy rowdy
okay I by the way I assumed Piper was
his stage name and McDowell was his last
minute that's what I assumed
okay great
oh yeah I know the professor magma
chocolate
what
Ritchie didn't turn the microphone
I didn't touch that bugger hey Riggs now
your microphone is on ok game is too
long
look at this Jack the game's sound is
too low turn it up
ok I've turned the game audio down hold
on I will turn it is it looks like it's
very loud the game audio and I have no
idea why I just reconfigured the game
audio there we go now everything should
be fine everything should be great all
the time let's just okay a mixer is
great everything's great
yeah ok now it's perfect great okay so
rout rough what about roddy mcdowall the
professor from shack Marcus I'm just
saying has he ever been bad you know a
thing he's been in I mean they've all
been kind of bad but the way he plays it
is very well he's so entertaining
he is very entertaining I agree with
that I like him I like him as a
character actor you are correct
you are correct rich what what about him
being a rod rowdy roddy mcdowall
is one heck of an actor not so rough not
so rowdy roddy mcdowall house between
them would be interesting right Roddy
Piper and Ryder yeah yeah like I said I
just assumed that was his real last name
why he's gonna save root things you but
the very polite will spoken header is he
British - I probably writing it down I
assume this is very problem a very
problem no I guess I just assumed that
like because I know you're a wrestling
fan and especially like an older
I know you're an old school wrestling
yeah old school I assumed that you knew
Rowdy Roddy Piper's realized name as
McDowell oh oh and so and then you're
like oh and and you being an old school
wrestling fan and the chat is like
everyone knows that his last name is his
real last name is McDowell and so I was
like okay writing a paper I'm with you
rowdy roddy mcdowall so what's what's
going on those three Dark Souls 3 you
know I played all a stream and so you
know a rich know if you want give you
the opportunity to play always know we
start a fresh game winner yeah it's up
to you so you can either I mean the
night you're playing us a mage I'm
playing as a mage tape I don't want to
continue what's what's the what's the
chat want we could you could keep up our
night run you want you want to continue
the night run or do you all see this
from scratch what's going on and oh they
want us to use our shield did you I
don't know if you're ready I read the
comments and maybe people don't
understand that but once a comment has
been made yeah 89 times we've we've
probably read it I see some new games I
see I see more continues okay not but
don't hit continue yeah hit load game
and we need guy manly that's Zorba is
that your guy knows or watches my mage I
like him because he is the turtle shell
on his back and he has a mace
I haven't quite figured out spells oh
God
you need to use your spell thing and
using the spells is actually a little
difficult so I don't quite under that's
right my big ass oh yeah go back into
our inventory get rid of that sort you
for at the back cameras won't want to do
or batch is a badass I'll tell you what
I made him bald I gave him a huge ass
scar over his eye discolored one of his
eyes keep wanting to hit
that button what is it button in
blood-borne the square button I don't
know why does my finger keep going there
I don't know
so yeah I like Zoar batch he's it's been
difficult though like you know he's not
as strong as the knight but I've been
having a good time right rest at the
bonfire
of course I made him bowl I wanted them
to be Me's or batch the magician the
magician me where are we going well
first to change up your equipment to
something you like your Dagon that's
kind of where we are here the lab
potatoes wherever oh you know where we
are rich you got to get back into it but
you got to fight tree nuts some but we
have to do next don't does well that's
where we are I think there's other stuff
to do I'll take a few whacks at tree
nuts yeah too many McDowell's too many
McDowell's
are we excited about Captain America
Civil War yeah I am I am I don't get
excited about anything anymore doesn't
mean I won't like it when it comes out
but I'm looking forward to it I got too
much shit I need to do already I still
want to finish watching daredevil oh
yeah you did finish watching all of
Bojack horseman okay that's fun Cheryl
well it's not always a fun show it can
be amazingly bleak for animating show
about a horse man and I kind of love it
rich hates Captain America confirmed you
right yes that's confirmed by hate
Captain America for security yeah
absolutely
oh yeah I remember that fucker still I'd
suppose I don't remember that well
that's the way by paestum you just run
they're something I have to do what I
mean to get to those are another way to
get to the treatment is there a better
way what's the one thing do you I was
kidding no this is last night wait maybe
he's only attacking other people I think
this is the best way yeah I think
there's fewer enemies over here and if
you take the other way you have to run
into a big fat lady and she's difficult
thanks bro
you wrote it you brought it you wrote it
um let's see here
oh so first of all arnold rimmer says
i'm just gonna get these out of the way
for everyone now play FTL where's Jay
apologize in advanced for anything that
said later and booze and stuff has kind
of happened okay okay so yeah we're
sorry for anything we're about to say
we're definitely gonna play FTL Jay is
not here and and I am going to pour
myself a beer in just a little bit we're
definitely going to play FTL huh no no
we are not definitely gonna play FTL
stay stuck souls that is the Jesus that
was if you want to go level up you kid
what was it what did you put levels
under I have a lot of levels into
strength just because that's a general
also as you can see I've upped our
stamina for more roles which I always
think is an important thing to do also
just this guy you know says I have been
having persistent mice issues in my
apartment did a bunch of proofing and
just laid out a bunch of traps Jack as
someone who grew up on a farm can I come
and live with you
not if you're bringing mice into the
house I don't know what you've been
doing but but no no you cannot come and
live with me
you don't just walk up to the trees and
take their bird what no we have the
birch branch that we can someone told us
to hang on to so we're going to get some
cats get some traps and here's here's
the thing about mice i've had mice
before is once you catch a mouse put out
more traps because there are probably
more mice cut off food sources cut off
food sources make sure that all of your
your food container you know like
Tupperware get some Tupperware
containers not just bags cuz they can
dig through that get some nice
Tupperware clean or really thoroughly
get rid of any of the smells and that'll
confuse them and you know what I like to
do with my mousetraps I I prefer peanut
butter okay if you slather peanut butter
on the little trigger the mouse has to
like wants to like kind of dig and get
all the peanut butter out that works
really well also I attach a string to it
which ones carrying capacity if you go
up one it'll show you up one they like
you know press press up one and then
it'll touch see and then the blue one is
where it goes up so not the strength
maybe dexterity oh no endurance checkup
and loads of telly oh okay well then
there you go what's endurance to stand
on the stamina
oh okay well you know what that's
something yeah so in another case why
the string so you attacked you
sometimes mice are really good at
avoiding triggering mousetraps and so
what I've found is if I tie a little
string and dangle a little string off of
the end of the trigger and then slather
that with peanut butter it just gives
them more to kind of like dig around and
move around and it's it's more likely
that they will trigger the trap now
that's my feeling it seemed to work for
me in the past what's the magic what's
the sweet spot for equipment load ratios
said we cannot go over 70 or we get
encumbered and but once you unequipped
that Club by the way you're gonna have
so much because that Club is so so very
fucking heavy that's probably our best
weapon though right now by a wide margin
you think yeah by a wide margin no no
look this sword has 180 attack where I'm
looking at durability never I know right
Oh why we using the club enrollment
because I like big dumb clubs I thought
it was funny the wrong the Rob Roth
sword remember guys you fucked it up I'm
making it wrong well but I also leveled
it up so it's pretty powerful even
though it doesn't it no longer
I don't unequip on equip what's one
equip button X there is no I tried a
couple times I didn't do anything
you probably want to equip a shield as
well really you think I should quit the
shield I'm just I'm just putting that I
just wanted to make sure you were aware
that we did not currently have a shield
equipped cuz I wasn't a hundred percent
sure get gonna biscuit is giant though
unless the no biscuit is giant I used a
picture of me holding biscuit as our
we're not streaming picture on Sunday
and it showed just how giant he was cuz
it was him with me he's a giant we have
not had a mouse since he's been around
I don't know if he's eating them whole
but I don't know what the differences
are in any of this
what is a raw weapon ah sploit ation
there there are things you can like the
gems and blood-borne there are things
you can do to spice up your weapons and
I infused it with a raw gem which made
it stronger but then it no longer
leveled with our abilities well the
sword goes oh you put this shield in the
wrong hand
what oh well shield on the right now for
fuck's sake which apparently was a bad
thing to do because now it no longer
levels up with our strengths attributes
but it's still a pretty powerful sword
so let's see what they're doing
I now smell what they're cooking you got
it
but I also remember that the kite one
fuck Perry doesn't pay oh I guess you're
going up against the posse
this kid is likely eating smaller cats
in the area as well let's go that's
really possible really really possible
raw upgrade is good for beginning game
horrible at endgame well I can only
assume we're gonna get a better sword
for later on so unless you're wrong I'm
not sure this is the best sword in the
game might be cuz you fucked up I fucked
it up
you fucked up jack and I'm gonna have to
be okay with that
rich getting back into the swing I think
we burned the bone shard already - area
unless this is the new remove skeleton
alright why do I want to burn the bone
shard tell me about this tell me why I
need to do something don't just tell me
to do it I think they were I think we
went through this last time and I think
we did burn the bone shard
we are not online and man have I enjoyed
playing this game offline okay
I hate all of the dumb glowing things in
this game I'm not doing as good with
this as I was with the club well you
know takes a little bit it takes a
little bit did everyone see Matt Lee's
wonderful Dark Souls video that came out
today by the way he made a wonderful
video giving people people new to the
series giving them a little hint about
an item that all that'll really help in
the game if you find you have to equip
the coconut the game yeah yeah and
apparently that that makes the game a
lot easier because it kind of gives you
an overall buff I do not eat the coconut
you have to equip it and don't eat it
because you need it for later in the
game making pina coladas and whatnot but
I thought it was a very lovely video hey
I should stick with the club I liked the
guy you know me I like the big dumb club
any consensus in the chat
hold on
as someone who's never played Dark Souls
this reminds me of stardew valley maybe
plant some more parsnips anonymous is
has JC in the which yet some kind of
euphemism we all want Jay to finally see
the witch he just hasn't met the right
girl yet I don't know if Jay seen the
witch yeah
oh great machete oh that sounds exciting
everyone is saying blunt force bam bam
bam stick with the club club strength
weapons use club or use great machete if
one drops I don't understand how stats
work in these games because time isn't
pause doesn't better girl no time isn't
time doesn't pause but see what I don't
get
yeah if the club is stronger and
apparently it is attack power physical
this is 180 yeah that sounds pretty high
and this is only one 148 well I guess
there's an additional 58 what is it what
does that mean 148 plus 59 that's
probably from a bonus oh look oh yeah
cuz it's wrong that makes sense you know
what that makes sense that makes
absolute sense look at your saw oh
that's even more that is even more yeah
no I like unequip your shield unequip
everything else and I've just used this
oh yeah that thing that's pretty badass
weapon right there
not marching the way of combos none of
them have combos
I really missed the bloodline not much
the way of continuous strikes oh yeah
these are Oh try two handed also with
these things there you go there now you
swing a little faster and then you know
you don't have to worry about your
shield anyway right yeah there you go
there you go thanks everybody put two
handed warnings rich you look skinnier
good job on whatever you're doing and
Jack sure I'm sure I've gained the last
month okay car because a car and whether
I wasn't I wasn't taking the bike like
at all oh sure sure yeah I gotta get
back on that plane to get back why do I
bring up you see here every other time
I've come here in the last month bring a
busy with me for some reason or another
that is true that is true also Jack
you're at big dumb clubs are funny $2
it's a flood print stones your way
though the kingdom through the kingdom
of the dam thank you the riddle of Steel
Casey Banner live recently discovered on
what Conan referenced the riddle of
Steel oh okay the riddle of steel hey
see banner life says recently discovered
cotton boy thanks to your videos coming
from FTL I love it I got all the way to
the end but died to some hovercraft boss
I blame you for not preparing me I I
played a little more convoy after the
stream and it is a lot of fun
it gets old in a way that FTL doesn't in
multiple with multiple playthroughs
something about the combat just I don't
know but but overall I enjoyed it I also
have not beaten it but I enjoyed it
the curse rotted great wood
there is rich good old tree nuts time
tick time yeah
he's not going where he's too big I've
got a game called march of the living
very empty I'll take that out you like
FTL
much of the living
I think he just threw a body
260 damage everyone
at the rate I'm losing health it's not
good
you fuckin piece of shit was that close
I called again
March of Dimes Fido
right
March of the little
and discovering this right now whoa what
cut his balls off jack but oh my god you
cut his balls off did could you keep
hitting him are you you ran away I had
to drink health and I got people trying
to kill me Jack that's fine
oh shit what happened the floor just
collapsed whoa oh look at that
are you gonna fight that by running away
hope
all right I added it to my to my steam
watch list so I will I will check out
march of the living later thank you for
the for the heads-up more balls to cut
great that's great yeah I'd like to I
like the count there's there's a lot to
like about convoy just fine
like the setting you know that's fine
after a while once you got multiple cars
it was kind of fun how you couldn't you
know you have to position the cars that
do different things I do this I do miss
the gun stagger oh yeah from blood-borne
yeah it's it's the gun stagger and the
way that you could combo weapons I I
miss my ludwig's great sword but it like
just the combat seems lesser it seems a
lesser than blood-borne
dude could just be getting used to the
subtle differences yeah that's true
just wish I had more help file help
files yes oh yeah then you're right they
did get they got a little nuts with the
references in convoy you know you need
to you need to obtain the flux capacitor
and the bad man see this isn't gonna
work this isn't gonna work what you use
one flask
no I'm gonna use no flask before the
boss well you could is that's insane you
could try the other round sane you try
the other out and see if you can run
past everyone else you know I don't even
know what the other route is Jack if you
weren't playing not me there's a there's
a bridge to your left here hmm and
that's the other rock we did we already
used our Estes shards to gain another
flask and we got rid of our blue flask
to gain another Estes flex head down
there there's some mice oh that giant
rat thing you don't see the giant I
killed the giant one and he doesn't come
back oh no or he does or he does he has
never come back for me so he this is
just for you rich
all rights behind it they don't like the
slow blunt weapons Jack I know that's
why I thought you should go with your
short it wasn't done enough damage true
that's why i like the snake well I
missed my lube gigs holy blade these are
the trick weapons of blood-borne you
could kind of have your cake and eat it
too you get you know like like what like
the hammer it's not slow stair a fast
stabby sword and then the big dumb
hammer right no you don't like it all
right now just run that way this way
that way just run cuz there's gonna be
people attacking you up those stairs oh
that's much nicer route okay that's much
nicer I was just scared of the lady the
big fat lady was there and I didn't like
her she scared me
like even need the accent blood-borne
that was big and heavy and slow yeah but
with the trick mode it also had a much
faster version yeah I like the tricks do
this I'm kind of stuck with just slow
and dumb mmm you just got to get into
the slow and dumb flow rich luke 72w
happy 4/20 you Nancy Reagan loving hacks
what's 4/20 today's 4/20 so what 4/20 is
is something that potheads used to say
that they like pot no one's sure why why
no no I'm sure and demand to know why no
one knows everyone's gonna give a
different answer some people are gonna
say that's like the police code for pot
and it's not some people are gonna say
like that this is the day that night pot
was criminalized
Benjamin Franklin wrote the Declaration
of pot dependence it was all it's all a
bunch of hooey I humbly request Josh on
stream for wwe2k16 in 2016 you you get a
hold of them
you get all Josh is always welcome on
our stream of here's nobody won't nobody
likes us is what you need to learn only
Josh and Jay they won't ask again
josh has a job so he probably won't come
Wednesday nights
and Sunday nights is usually some sort
of wrestling event that Josh watches oh
that that is incredibly painful looking
oh you piece of shit
also do you keep using the heavy
attackers that your life at they look
the same they basically look the same
okay
yes and just find more nuts to slice
you can call her
president
oh yeah look there's like a little nuts
all over his arms and everything feels
great that's you you tell me how to get
to him okay well yeah you got the right
idea going back to the crunch always go
back to the garage
Oh
yeah yeah yeah
find more nuts to slice that's right
these streams are missing some pro
wrestling talk how about that that John
Cena is people seem to like he's or
dislike him is he still a thing
I just don't know wasn't he just lame
Hulk Hogan he was just kind of generic
did he have did he have any gimmick
besides the lame version of Hulk Hogan
well he's like the good guy right or is
he a bad guy I forget I actually don't
know anything about professional
wrestling uh hi jack hi Tim since you're
a fan of detective novels and disliked
old movies have you seen any of the Thin
Man movies and or read any of the books
and if so what do you think of them
part of them never seen him I've never
even heard of him um a couple of solve
mysteries and then he's a former
detective and she's some kind of wealthy
Harris okay I could get into that
they're a husband-and-wife detective
team I could get right into that The
Thin Man series and that's my list of
things to read there's movies it might
be a boxer or and already any of the
books oh okay I don't like older movies
usually and so I'll go for the books
you know I am reading a wonderful book
right now
I'm reading the book called spelunky and
it's all about the creation of spelunky
written by the guy who made spelunky and
it is such a fun read so far at this
point of the book like I'm still very
early on all he's going through for some
reason he has perfectly detailed all of
the steps that his brain took to make
spelunky a thing like from Indiana Jones
to net so much my souls am i doing what
they call the fat roll uh you shouldn't
be it's the only weapon I have equipped
unless it's just that fucking big oh you
are doing the fact is that big it is
that big wow I guess you could go back
to the club okay now you're at 64% okay
so now you should roll faster this one's
faster too you know what I'm happy with
that
okay uh if your two-handed I think it
looks really dumb bugs it's just a
stupid looking club if you two-handed I
think you'll swing even faster and I
hate myself for it using this yeah I'm
swinging about the same speed okay
oh wait I'm going wrong way too okay
yeah but if he sheds armor and he's just
gonna die quicker when he gets hit I
love the club I prefer something with a
faster swing speed anyway yeah these are
great
wait a minute you can switch weapons but
still carry it in your inventory and
you're faster yep but it's not equipped
oh oh he followed you still man he
followed you I love it when they follow
you
Clark it's not bad I wish you're a
stupid club look at it Oh giant dump
just a giant hunk feel like an idiot it
makes me feel like I'm in some put a
caveman cartoon yep I love it that dog
it's humping the ground it's do it
that's actually really good enemy AI
that's exactly what a dog would do well
I'm not going there
I hope fell short okay well why don't
you um why don't you use a health
violence II and kill these enemies and
see if you get one back sometimes you
get one back good evening or Iman Jack
have you seen big hero six
what are some other kids movies that you
think are good to watch I have seen big
heroes hero six and I like big hero six
I think that's fun it's not it's not
like the greatest Disney and Pixar movie
it's a little light but it's pretty good
pretty good I mean right like you can
just go with any Pixar movie and you'll
probably be okay you will probably be
okay I've heard I've heard some decent
things about the jungle book I have not
seen that yet but right now I am going
through doesn't look particularly
interesting with me I have no fondness
for like the stories the jungle book the
old cartoon no fondness for the old
cartoon yeah okay I don't think migui
Mowgli is particularly interesting I
remember liking the old cartoon I don't
remember it that much you know but I I
do always look for new movies to watch
with my kids and so you know we'll
probably see that one when it comes out
oh it is out the Iron Giant is a great
movie I agree any of the Pixar stuff The
Incredibles see how does he said stay
yeah I can just run past all these
bitches that's great well don't mind me
right now we've been on a on a studio
ghibli kick though since we went to go
see my neighborhood you sort of a bitch
since we want to go see my neighbor
totoro in the theater my boys have been
wanting to watch nothing but Studio
Ghibli films which is alright by me
so you know we just saw spirited away
the other night and princess Kiki's
Delivery Service Oh what the fuck oh
just looking right down that Club it's a
hollow Club rich it's surprising it does
so much damage
anonymous hey guys have you ever read
The Steve Alton em eg series of novels
about the prehistoric Megalodon escaping
from the depths of the marina trench a
movie version is finally being released
next year nope nope neither sorry
gobbledygook Jack have you heard of yes
I did hear about that Scoob SCO OB and
the hanna-barbera cinematic universe
what this is a real thing that we will
get into in just a second and you hyper
Game of Thrones this weekend
how about DC universe outline for the
ps4 it's for you you fucks
so first real quickly Game of Thrones
they did something last season and I
won't say it because of spoiler alerts
but they did something last season that
made me never want to watch the show
again so there's every likeable
character dead by this point many are
more importantly the last character
there was to root for yeah yeah right
and so so what's the point
so what's the point everyone else is an
asshole and I don't care about them in
the slightest
and they killed off the last hope I had
of like a hero a hero a character I care
about doing what's Rono dead and so I
don't care I know the new seasons coming
up HBO is even doing a free weekend
I could have I didn't so you know what
what what's taking you so fucking long
so they're doing a free weekend for like
the big Game of Thrones release and I
just I don't give a fuck I don't give a
fuck about games of throne anymore I bet
I was barely holding on as it was and
then like man Scoob
s-see oh oh be the scooby-doo remake
starting a hanna-barbera Cinematic
Universe whatever this is a real thing
and whatever anyway it's cinematic
universes don't need that's don't need
to be a thing not everything needs to be
a cinematic fucking universe not
everything needs to be a movie - like
scooby-doo kind of works as a TV show
and just to do that you know yeah I
think I make money off so big no but
they're making less and less money off
of movies nowadays anyway so why keep a
TV that was bullshit keep a TV show
running so you can sell merchandise and
you're good to go you don't need a movie
Tim says rich thanks for the great
masters of the universe commentary I
love that welcome speaking of the 80s
cartoon properties turned into movies do
you think that the original 1990 teen a
TMNT movie holds up
the original Turtles movie I mean
obviously the costumes were you know a
little a little there are a lot of
things about it I like I have to watch
it again to tell you if I think it holds
up there are a lot of things about that
movie I like though mm-hmm told why is
it it's like a somewhere between the old
comic books and the cartoon show yeah
you just need to get rid of the rest of
the cartoon show
influence and I'd be happy with it well
yeah jiggle and jiggle I'll go log
jiggle a lag 35 is saying like something
I've thought about has Marvel really
been the only Cinematic Universe that is
actually working yeah yeah it's because
they're the only ones that thought about
it beforehand and are just rushing into
one for the sake of having one right
they actually figured it out before they
started production and they started
small right
Iron Man small little movie okay at the
time not a particularly exciting
character no there weren't legions of
people clamoring for the Iron Man film
well and you know what I think that was
a cheaper movie to produce and they were
they they took small steps they worked
their way and you know what how was that
fuck up Robert Downey jr. gonna blow it
Oh God how many meetings yeah how many
meetings where that was the key I got a
you guys sure about this whole Robert
Downey jr. thing I just don't know I
don't know we can't finish the movie if
he's in jail I'm sure that's
conversation they had nope nope tried to
run a room and it wasn't quite perfect
you know my favorite game of Thrones
characters jam baretsky is is Eddard
Stark is is the man who spoiler alert
the man who died in the first episode
they set up games the threat Game of
Thrones and and we meet we meet a Eddard
Stark or whatever his name is I don't
even know if it's Eddard because he's
been dead for so long now in the series
and he is like the moral compass he is
good for the sake of good but he'll fuck
you up too like he like the show starts
off with him executing someone for for
deserting during a battle yeah and he he
has to execute them himself because like
he wants to show everyone like I stand
by my rules I'll cut his head off
yeah like he's the good right and he's
tasked by the king to come to come to
the to the main city and be his hand to
be his you know like the guy who the guy
is an advisor to the king because
there's a lot of corruption in the city
and I need a good man oh no I don't do
this anymore I'm a good man and he was
like he was my the one I rooted for and
he's the kind of character that I like
in these kinds of things because he's
yeah the normal guy who's fighting
against the corruption just using his
his his goodwill and hope and then they
kill right away I don't I don't want to
watch a show there's absolutely where
everybody I want to root for dies fuck
that right and that's all Game of
Thrones is and then you know like he
then there were there were some people
trying to take up his place is that the
right just as a gimmick hasn't that
gotten old by now what the the character
you you're rooting for dies I don't know
I don't know if that's a gimmick even I
think it is because that's all people
talk about when they talk about the show
okay and then I think so I don't know so
he was my favorite character
after him I liked some other people but
but to me like I was still into it a
little bit after then yeah I've talked
about Game of Thrones before and it's
like the show overall I never much cared
for because I find it a little confusing
you know they'll mention like these
ancient treaties and whatnot but they'll
just be like passing mentions and and
I'll never remember like who they're
talking about because everyone has the
audacity you know but you a bit rose to
rhombus the gorlok is this tree a boss I
have to get through you might be able to
go the other way do you remember where I
went to fight the fire monster no you
could head in that direction is this
like the blood starve beast or is this
something I have to do now oh I don't
know
oh they are saying optional boss action
are actually alright well take one more
whack in it but I'm not I'm not even
getting close and this feels like I'm
just wasting my time
killing the tree will let you turn boss
souls into weapons it's not necessary
but maybe you could upgrade a thing for
a thing oh sorry I missed a couple tips
Tim Zalman's Jack don't show your kids
Studio Ghibli's grave of the fireflies
it's so sad and it will scar them okay
that's good to know
let's see here leftover beefcake says
with all these book lists game lists the
TNT shirt spreadsheets you guys have
going you will probably need lots more
storage space here's five dollars
towards a new SSD to hold offense or
another notebook I died right I get I
get lots and lots of notebooks I just
started a new notebook today I'm really
happy about that
I like filing away the old ones and you
know starting a fresh new one I do all
my spreadsheets on on Google Drive so I
don't need to worry about storage space
we just bought rich a new solid state
hard drive yeah for the sole purpose of
getting Windows 10 so we can play game
month Windows 10 that only plays on
Windows 10 or Xbox one so I'm not
fucking up my Windows 7 installation for
that shit
oh they're saying you can kill his left
hand first oh oh you know what I guess I
never tried attacking his his hands or
feet I just went through you told me
alone yesterday well I just restrained
your son I went for the nuts I tried to
hide for a body hit and it didn't take
long so I just went for the nuts but
maybe you can hit his hands oh I cannot
hurt
oh you tried wait maybe he's talking
about its age
oh there's like a little nut on his
elbow
no I can't
oh yeah okay that is nothing anything
maybe he means in stage two
his left mule
oh yeah you're attacking split his wife
and it's also possible that tonight
so his left his left his love
oh yeah he's got nuts right on the hand
nice okay okay
I've got things I don't it's just
discouraging
yeah
so much for having destroyed that hand
well you you know fellow everybody got
stuck when you got stuck on his thing
you got stuck on his thing rich don't
don't about things I don't it's just
discouraging
infuse a weapon with fire oh yeah fire
weapon would help a lot against the tree
I guess but we don't we don't have the
thing we don't have anything to infuse
it with we don't have enough fire things
to infuse it with oh wait I'm gonna try
your Ford and if you hold up your shield
you know you can block them you can
block them
let's see anonymous says I want Disney
to buy the rights to Game of Thrones so
I can see Eddard Stark team up with
Ironman to wedgie Joffrey yeah here
Joffrey was a wonderful villain just you
the the the the kind of a bastard King
he's just a prick like an entitled
little prick and you you love to hate
him he's really good as a bad guy you
hate everything about him and everything
he does makes you hate him more and
every time they hint that there is some
good in his heart he shows you that
there is none so Joffrey is a great
villain gruff Mick military says I'm
with Jack regarding games of Thrones
quit after red wedding if I wanted to
watch a show about political treachery
where the scumbag always wins I'll stick
to the 2016 presidential race I kind of
I kind of blew the delivery of that but
I you know oh the turtle outfit I didn't
know we had the turtle outfit I love
that
here's one I haven't heard you to
mention Keano any interest in that movie
yes 100% piano piano have you heard of
this no have you seen any key & peele no
first of all when you go home head over
to YouTube and Google key & Peele
oh wait yes I get over there the the
Comedy Central sketch comedy show
amazingly funny wonderful wonderful show
they wrote a movie and are starring in
they wrote and are starring in an action
comedy movie called Keano in which their
kitten Keano gets kidnapped and they
have to retrieve it and hilarious with
hilarious results holy fuck
oh yeah that's us some decent damage key
& peele are great I definitely agree
everyone loves Key & Peele right I like
this turtle outfit that turtle outfit is
great look at it look at it that's what
my cleric starts with I didn't know we
had it on this and I might go back to
this game knowing that and I can just
wear that outfit cuz cuz I like that it
is not a John wick parody actually kmpl
wrote this well before John wick and and
have publicly said that it's just a
weird coincidence that it has kind of
roughly the same plot it is not a John
wick parody
it's it's a it's a weird coincidence
that it's a movie about a pet being
stolen called Keanu and John wick is
about a pet being stolen starring Keanu
John wick is about a pet being stolen do
you not know anything about John Wright
no blush I know candles it's an action
belief they go the the plot kind of
kicks off when his dog gets either
stolen or killed really yeah we're I
forget I forget if it's the guy if it
got stolen or killed but I'm just gonna
flat out say that's weird
is killed okay yeah his dog got killed
oh yeah there's better mystery Club this
is still killing in one hit yeah well no
it's faster this this is more your type
of weapon yeah this is the type of
weapon you want to use weapons with a
red X in inventory mean your stats
aren't high enough to use them properly
trying to point like the closest
let's see here I am in Spain this year
and wanted a new band to listen to to
build a sensory association with the
time and place shows they might be
giants cuz your ramblings and boy am i
happening which album after flood
get there's so many there's so many good
ones factory showroom get back to each
other get out of this shit whatever it
is I don't know where it is but I don't
like it
sorry why does this game hate me this
game it's not you Richard hates everyone
hates every
yeah Paulo 18 is also good there's but
there's too many good
Lincoln if you're done with flood either
Apollo 18 or factory showroom those are
going to be your next year
Mario Mario it is not a poorly designed
game I think there are some aspects
specifically of Dark Souls 3 that are
poorly designed but
oh you wrote that is that what I don't
know what FS me you just wrote which
albums after flood FS and I thought FS
was like one of those yellow like slang
words like fo sho
so after phat flood and factory showroom
then you need to listen to Apollo 18 and
then let's see here what worked it going
to after Apollo 18 because Apollo 18 is
a must listen to then go back to their
self-titled because it's weird so weird
which is the one with I think it's
Lincoln hold on I need to oh yeah then
you need to listen to Lincoln Lincoln is
a great great album
Anna Inge a purple to pay piece of dirt
mister me they'll need a crane snowball
in hell yes okay Lincoln Lincoln Lincoln
Lincoln is my actually now my number one
recommendation Lincoln make up your
fucking mind
I'm sorry I've you know you I all I know
is like I have all the albums and I just
listen to them constantly so I always
forget which song is on which album so
do yourself a favor and get Lincoln and
you will love it yes rich is playing
offline
Lincoln is also a great movie yeah it's
the soundtrack to these field Lincoln by
Abuk
and they keep saying rich because you
because you're not really using your
shield you either need to hold out your
shield which will you know blocks on the
incoming damage or use your weapon too
herb and vermin oh wait sorry there's
even more there's even more here so
fraud the Lincoln that's that one Anana
says a recent list rating Dark Souls 3
bosses in order of difficulty put this
boss literally last place as in easiest
I'm not even sure why you're struggling
you seem good at this game
you still getting his flow back i what I
think rich should do if he if he fails
the boss again is um go somewhere else
and just fight regular enemies for a
little bit just to get your flow back
because remember all last stream I play
and rich probably hasn't played since
and it takes a while to get into the
flow of the game so I think rich needs
to handle some smaller enemies just to
get back into the flow mr. Dwight II yes
I'm gonna talk about that
I'm totally gonna talk about that just
give me a minute it's on my list of
things to talk about the Dark Souls
board game yes just this guy you know
says okay must make sleep now good luck
rich try using more sword I'll check it
the recording tomorrow to see how it
goes you guys are totally on Fleck FS
Yolo
thanks just this guy you know and he
seemed he did tight flack
hey Jack have you heard anything from
the van Pelt mr. bungle it's like if a
my vagina and frank zappa had a baby
which grew up to become a clown drunken
on acid at a kid's party you want a copy
mr. bungle didn't they do that video
killed the radio star
yep
kill a farm
yeah oh go go go Oh God hey nice dodge
yeah look for any nuts on any like lower
on any lower attendance
no that's the buckles okay
I think I've heard of I've heard of mr.
bungle I've never I guess I've never
heard that but I've heard of them that
helps I'm sure it doesn't
why do you hate boardgame to love more
games
well hope you're not dead yet we end up
go after the notes you did it a lot
better that time you almost got a half
yep there's a rich mutt yesterday they
announced the Dark Souls boardgame
Kickstarter working officially with from
software and bank-owned amke ok to make
a board game version of Dark Souls wow
that game I love for its gameplay I
really want a board game version of that
settle down first of all not only it had
like a goal of I mean something
ridiculous like 30,000 mm has made over
a million in 24 hours that's fine
because people everyone loves Dark Souls
the only video they have of the game is
a boss fight so there's exploration
areas and there's boss fight areas and
it actually looks really on spot with
how boss fights work like it's node
based and so you like you have to spend
movement points to move your characters
and then like a boss like randomly moves
his character right and you have to
attack and whittle away health and you
could have a team up to four doing it
the boss fight that they showed in the
Kickstarter video looked really amazing
and really captures the spirit of Dark
Souls fuckin you took half a help not
wasting this just finish it off finish
it off I I don't Carol about the board
game version yeah if I see it that looks
fun sure but just saying there's a board
game version of Dark Souls you could
call it anything you want it's not gonna
have anything to do with this other than
a name that's true well no no but what
I'm saying is you in the boss fuck all
the new My Little Ponies board game for
all the difference that makes the the
battle mechanics that they showed was
exactly how you would make a board game
version of the boss fights it's okay I'd
like it emulated the boss fights
perfectly in board game form and that's
exciting
if you're if you are a lover of the
combat of this game it's a way to do
that
turn-based kind of with a little more
strategy instead of heckie heckie heckie
I I backed it immediately after I saw
that video in like 1901 you could you
could describe a light bulb to me okay
you could try and describe that I don't
think it would have quite the same
effect until I saw it okay that's true
anyway so for those of you who have a
moment head over to the the Kickstarter
and look up Dark Souls board game they
have a video showing how the boss battle
mechanics work after watching that video
I donated and and I will get one when it
when it comes out because it obviously
met its goal the pieces look lovely and
it looks like it's gonna be a really fun
and frustrating board game so I'm
incredibly excited about it I backed it
immediately after watching that video I
guess I like this outfit this great
outfit
the turtle shell back is what sold me on
this game visually the old men in the
turtle shell backs in the in the trailer
you know the opening cinematic that I
love those guys
yes jyggalag like definitely a board
game stream when I get the dark souls
board game
I will
actually that boy that's my favorite
thing about their Kickstarter is they
had they had three tiers
you know normally it's just like donate
any money you want do this do this they
have a million different tiers this one
they had three tiers one was early buy
the game which we're also about by the
time I found it
buy the game or you're a retailer and
you want to buy six copies of the game
that's it that's a look like that no
special nothing special or fancy just
buy the game or buy more of the game I
love that so I just bought the game
it's one to four players and so you can
play it
you can play it single-player which is
very exciting
when his face got - coming out tomorrow
we have tomorrow the blu-ray will take a
little bit longer by digital time
wait so you can play the darksouls board
game by yourself you can it's probably a
little more difficult but you can play
it by yourself
let's see here anonymous rich how much
better would this game how much better
would this game be if you could have a
lightsaber I hate you I hate everything
you stand for I hope you die a slow and
painful death sorry to poke the bear
let's see here
Jack I found out you love the lazy susan
glad to have you in the gay for jay club
lazy susan okay I don't understand that
quite anonymous there's a restaurant
locally called lazy susan that I really
enjoy maybe that's what you're talking
about
but it's the thing I forgot what a lazy
susan is but it's a thing it's it's a
wreck I mean a lazy susan is the other
thing with spoons you put things on it I
was like Jack did you want me to send
you a copy of the mr. bungle album
probably not I'm not a huge music person
I might enjoy it I might not you know
it's one of those things where I will
listen to it if you would like to send
it but you know I'm not a I'm not a big
music guy so it might be wasted on me it
might be better spent ascending to
someone else fruit by the magician we
already did to the end oh right we
didn't I suppose we didn't go down that
elevator we already met the onion night
though look I'm going to kill this
fucking boss it's the only thing we're
doing tonight okay
that's fine that's fine I do like a
little ween it is time it is time to
stand up everybody before before you
take out that boss roots do you want to
stand up can I forget the blood no okay
everybody I don't everybody else let's
just stand up rich is gonna take out
some little some little guys in the
we'll just we'll get the
Jack I would like to see rich with a
lightsaber fighting the old weird
emperor would you be able to deliver
that to the fan base we love you
probably not
urban vermin did I forget to read you
take I'm so sorry
oh my god you right over Milan thank you
Jack thanks for mentioning cake farts
combat one time it was a funny strange
video to watch also any chance that we
can get some prereq shirts in the future
thanks for the laugh guys lol fart my
cake
we've talked briefly about previously
recorded shirts we're kind of feeling
out the demand for very low very low
very low there there is a service
through twitch where they'll actually
like print to order shirts you know like
we can create a design in it they'll put
it on a twit ship and then it'll have a
little twitch logo on the sleeve but
it'll be our design and I've been
thinking about that but uh oh you can
hit that
right now right now no plans but I'm I
am thinking about it
we need a actually I've been talking on
and off with this guy who wanted to
redesign just run away just run away
I've been talking to this guy who wanted
to redesign our logo and I really liked
it except for a couple things in the
weave in going back and forth so
actually I've been really waiting until
this logo of this new previously
recorded logos on cuz I really liked his
design
and then then we might see some working
guys
what that's fucking hand
yeah
that was addressed by America
the one where I got a selfie lowest
point where I ever had it that's my best
run you think you think that would be my
best friend I'm gonna I was such a bitch
emu Drive you aren't a bitch you is such
a bitch right now I was trying to
bolster yes they're like hey you've just
performed the best end and I turned
around and I spent your jock I apologize
I that was that was just dickish of me
it was that completely dickish of me it
wasn't it's okay it's okay rich you were
concentrating you're in the moment rich
needs some Snickers you're right
I I wanted that run that no that's how I
did it Jack right I didn't get it you
were close you're really close I don't
serve it now I just don't deserve it no
it's a big dick well you know maybe one
more death and then and then Oh Theresa
no it'll be fine everything's fine
hey guys I'm in the market for a new mic
how did you settle on this sure you use
now what other mics would you recommend
for vocal screaming podcasts PS
bloodborne is also getting a board game
yes blood-borne is not a blood-borne is
getting a deck building game which I'm
following the guy who makes it on
Twitter this is different than the old
blood-borne and Dark Souls er yes
what blood-borne is getting a deck
building game okay Dark Souls is getting
a board game and I'm getting both of
them when they come out because they
both look really great
I'm following the guy on Twitter who's
making the blood-borne game just so I
know exactly when it comes out I am
legitimately sorry for being a dick it's
you know what I understand you're in the
moment and and more so you've apologized
for it I think that's that's very big of
you
purple space berserk I think you're
right rich needs a hug right now
everyone mentally give rich a hug and
back them up here let's see here the I
mean these were good these work these
work very well and now since we got the
cloud lifter they also worked very well
I have at home I have a microphone
that's really amazing and it's a USB mic
so if you are mostly concerned with like
in-home vocal work and podcasting and
you know you'll be plugging it into a
computer anyways you know like these are
excel hours and so they go into the zoom
which you plug into the computer but the
USB mic I use at home
I'm getting the name
oh you henchmen fucking running up
behind me oh those like I don't have
enough shit to worry about
actually can't find the microphone I use
at home but obviously these are xlrs
they work great but they require
something else to interface with your
computer and so you need to figure out
whether or not you would you need a
standalone recorder or if you want to
plug it into your computer that's the
important thing when choosing a
microphone and obviously there's a
million and a zillion reviews online um
let's see here can we see more of rich
masturbating more droids for the fanbase
No do it for the fan rich don't do it
for the fan do it for us no okay there
you go rich your expression makes it
look like you're doing a really
confusing and frustrating tax form I
like that
can we get a prereq shirt with a demonic
tree bending rich over his lap and
spanking but you people are fans I think
that was some backlash for you yelling
it I did not yell no you didn't I just
got pissy and I apologized immediately I
wasn't even done being pissy when I
apologized to realize have a fitted
shirt you're Irish you're right let's
see here yonder yonder says I just got
here did I miss anything important if so
please reenact each bit of it in its
entirety well you're saying it over and
over again
rich fightin tree nuts and Happ Sonia
says thanks for the Dark Souls 3 stream
you are the best you're welcome you're
welcome
I've been I've been playing a little bit
of this I was playing a little bit while
rendering out the first four hours of
Dark Souls video and it's alright I miss
I miss my blood-borne gun and I miss my
blood-borne trick weapons
I like to combat a lot more in
blood-borne but I don't know I don't
know all this guy's moves I don't know
what it's safe to rush in like is that
one swing or is had three swings sure
the ground hogs day the game that's what
we decided during our first four hours
of its a lot of games as this game as
its Groundhog Day
you have to relive the same day over and
over again until you get it right this
one more noticeably because you fail
more often but that's that's pretty much
every game I think
I'm sorry I can't run into you I think
it's slowly poisoning
they had a week's - fuck you doing out
of the weak spot
how about a nutsack
how about um that's a
Oh three rich
you should take a break from the boss
says loop sent me to and come back to a
guarantee he'll improve less or he'll
prove less frustrating also we came
because we love also don't tell rich how
hi amber
I don't think rich cares how hire you I
don't care if that's what you do man
that's fine you do you don't worry about
other people judging you
you just do you be the best you and if
you know thing on the whole pots
probably a lot better than alcohol
you're gonna have a vice you're probably
right
old man Han Solo wins in a fight versus
old man Indiana Jones because Han Solo
has a laser gun and old man Indiana
Jones does not what whatever issues a
pothead might have fucking alcohol can
ruin lives
alcoholism oh god yeah yeah absolutely
why am i fighting this guy's gonna die
in a second
oh yeah okay alcohol is a terrible thing
hot pot is not physically addictive
but it can turn people into pricks just
cuz it makes him lazy get up
you're pretty a pothead prick shadow
elite rich cannot take off his shirt for
the for $100 he can take off his shirt
off camera but it is against twitch
streaming policies forged for streamers
to remove their shirts male or female
male or female hmm that is true this is
a true thing my preferred resolution to
the double standard would just be to let
women take off their tops
I guess fair is fair so I'm very sorry
shadow elite for any amount of money
rich will not be removed god damn it not
just nibs they don't want streamers to
show anything this did they say if if
you must remove your shirt because let's
say it's really hot in your house then
you need to frame the camera neck and
above
Tom yes and they do that just so twitch
does not turn into a pornography site
because that's exactly what would happen
is topless gaming you know the top
100,000 videos would be women playing
games topless and twitch does not want
to be there you can get genuine
pornography on the internet so easy
will that really be the case yes I
guarantee it kind of idiot it has so
much trouble finding porn they have to
go to twitch I don't think it's a fie
it's about finding porn it's it's about
the special combination of porn and
games you know it's like racy thumbnails
on YouTube this so what yeah oh yes and
and what what kind of view numbers do
those racy phone nails have I don't
understand why it doesn't because you
know there's not gonna be anything too
racy in there because it's on you too
yeah because kids are dumb rich kids are
dumb they don't know any better
you see boobs you click on the boobs
oh yeah like already like there's a
there's a bunch of cleavage streamers on
Twitch and that's what they do their
boobie streamers or whatever they call
themselves
all right
all right
they should just allow bottomless
streaming you know what yeah that'd be
weird can I eventually cut that stupid
arm off nope cuz I'm dead Oh
what videogames weed and porn are the
vices of modern white European youth
keep it out what the vices of a lot of
youth white or not yeah the vices of
brown youth the vices of tan used
devices of white American youth
it's the vices of every youth who has
access every youth who has access to
weed and video games that's their vices
they the chat has gone nuts about you
using the shield Oh el argentino I gonna
guarantee that exists already a
foot-fetish stream just a girl playing
the game using the controller with her
naked feet I'm guaranteeing you that is
that is somewhere on Twitch at this very
moment right
don't I do less damage though and I'm
not two-handed they say your recovery
time is faster and let's say tree-nut
takes a swing at you just have your
shield out and do you this is what
they're saying Oh actually bone the
Schaefer says no lie it is against
twitch Terms of Service to show feet
what the fuck was run by a bunch of
fucking Puritans and I guess we just
learned that rich has a foot fetish own
too much ankle was just showing too much
ankle too much ankle two-handed equals a
1.5 strength bonus so you don't lose
that much strength going one-handed and
I know a lot of people I I've seen just
kind of have the shield out whenever
they're moving you know
get over here
fucker no strapless dresses and if you
slow dance you need to be at least six
inches apart there needs to be room for
Jesus between ya the Holy Ghost what was
it I said a great school we need to make
sure there's room for the Holy Ghost
between I thought it was in my heart so
we need to get really close really close
I thought you said he was inside of me
so that means he's inside of her so I
need to be
exactly that's just logic
it's great
which can show rich can you show any
part of your body anything he is showing
several parts of his body right now
including his head and arms
I really hope twitch does not have rules
about being bald on cam
then that just make does that just make
you
Oh
let's make sure extra damage
trouble before
I will check that
today
sorry
yeah yeah
nope run
Oh God he he didn't have any health left
he didn't have any okay okay wait wait
wait sup what checking your inventory
see if you have something called embers
like what's that oh wait no what's the
black 8 thing it's a fire pop whoa what
left ember gained strength of flame
boosting HP until death yeah
they say you should use one of those
okay
oh that was ridiculously ridiculously
close that was just ridiculous it was
just ridiculous
yeah you fucking piece of shit like a
scrape would have killed him Oh fucking
scrape I'm surprised his butt bounced
didn't kill him
you just needed one more swing
fuckers fuckers a lot of them a lot of
them a lot of them Oh
actually what what when you get up to
the top see if anyone's following you
before you go in okay
check check on your sword 74 of 80 it's
fine okay great okay now use one of
those embas
okay that's a lot more health right
there also see if you have an item
called charcoal pine resin using it will
temporarily put the fire damage on your
weapon fire damage would be very helpful
against the giant tree
you also have bombs right you have fire
bombs charcoal pine bundle applies fire
to right hand weapon charcoal pine resin
applies fire okay you have to fire
things what's the difference between
them I don't know I don't know well
that's a limited use right I'm gonna
save that woman for me to get down there
yeah do you might want to equip it oh he
oh he activated earlier night blood I
hadn't expected yes he did okay that's
alright you got this you have more help
this time
sorry
you got it guys
when I won oh just it's telling tell
giving the other hints and tips and
tricks most of what you involving
oh fuck die
and finished in the bush
and you seen it like you acted correctly
you know you got out of there
it was just a shame to see you get hit
at all
that hammer fuck
that hammer fuck stop messing with the
grunts they keep stabbing me when I'm
trying to attack him as you just saw if
he doesn't mess with the grunts they
kill him and yeah I know you guys are
giving us a lot of a hints and tips and
tricks and we really do appreciate that
but you also have to understand that
there's a little bit that you just need
to do for yourself when you're playing
you just need to do a little bit
yourself oh and they say actually if you
equip that charcoal it refills all of
your health and gives you more of it so
you can use it like a one-time Estus
flask that also does the weapon thing
right no that's the one that refills
your health or may gives you more health
oh so if I do the charcoal thing later
like I have to get hit a little bit
it'll like be an estes wise mother
fuckas following you okay wait
okay so you quit that oh my oh I get out
of here I go to the other one that one
yeah this one yeah when the equipment
yeah clip that and then equip see here
charcoal pine bundle charcoal pine resin
ice fire ice fire the right hand weapon
yeah I mean that's sure is when you wake
up more off oh wait oh yeah there there
of course you know 8 million people are
telling me many different things and so
I was just making sure you got the right
thing and you have the Ember and you're
good to go
the Ember which looks like a charcoal so
I called it a charcoal when it's an
ember everybody in the chat can settle
right the fuck down for a little bit
okay wait stop what what what oh no no I
kill him first okay one for the tree
activates did you equip the bundle ember
or the pine resin oh no go back to the
other one
what's the difference they say the
bundle does not act last for very long
good lasts for like five seconds okay
but the pine resin lasts longer
so oh no get out of here get out of here
yeah in equipment there you go alright
great now we are ready to go you're
fully prepared for this battle a trying
to jinx me yep
I had the shield up one hit one hit we
are now ready though now we're ready got
all the things you're ready to go
everything's fine everything's fine now
everything's totally fine now
everything's gonna be fine
no Umbra Hogan everyone's been telling
us to use the shield and so we know we
can use it two handed but everyone's
telling us to use the shield if rich
feels like using it two handed he will
use it two handed that's right yeah
you've got this December - just be
patient pretend that if you lose you
have to slap jack
no more then he might want to learn a
pretend if I win I get to slap Jack you
get to slap me in the hand for a
high-five yeah yeah that's what I was
thinking
I hate you you pitchfork cocksucker and
you can stay over there you wuss
all right
let's hit it through the floor
don't difference to me
more guys fill down
okay
yeah don't worry about those those Bruns
chased me all the way to the ball sack
like can't do anything
very much
at my balls
smart move
I think you need to take a break from
the tree ball monster to face some some
small enemies get to get to forget the
mojo back get to feel back no no no nope
but yeah I mean yet I'm down a good half
health
you had the yeah the the super you had
the super health and you have the fire
sort I think like you had all the right
piece he killed me in a one-two combo
anyway yep but I'm saying that you had
all the right pieces you you went for
the attack at the wrong pile at the
wrong time but I think you're they're
rich you have the math down to make it
the easiest fight possible let's see
here
Kroenke says fuck the chat you've got
this rich mister dyt says the shield you
are using doesn't give 100% physical
resist so damage will still go through
also the shield usually needs to be
facing the enemy to block ok sure that's
fair the rhombus the gorlock says rich
will win this time
Neil Breen has willed it so you're the
best rich you're the best and you know
what it's your ball sack the ball sack
is the is the best ball sack the best
ball sack
stupid dog if he if he dies again we
will try this bone shard thing I don't
even know if we have a bone shard I
think we looked into this last time when
we found out we don't have a bone shard
but we will try that next we checked our
weapon durability last time and it
seemed to be fine so I'm not worried
about his weapon suddenly breaking now
just think about all the metals you'll
get after defeating this monster rich
all the metals that you can pin to your
chest because you're the best
what the fuck yeah yeah you do keep
going for that hand first and he doesn't
seem to be falling down anymore he fell
down that once
no listen Richie's got a flow let Brett
let him have his flow let him have his
flow yeah I guess if you feel like
you're not using your shield go to hand
just because then it'll give you that
slightly bigger damage boost but you
know if you feel like you're using the
shield then if you feel like it's
helping you no no I don't think we're
gonna do an official review on this one
we know what we're doing for the next
for the next video probably won't be
this I I feel like a review of Dark
Souls 3 wouldn't matter much because
everyone kind of knows what the deal is
at this point yeah the third Dark Souls
game the fourth in the souls series the
fifth from software game like we get it
at this point
it'd be like we're reviewing the new
Super Mario Brothers game everyone kind
of understands where that's going oh oh
shit what what oh I thought I was
slowing right when I hit X to go under
the yeah yeah
but people will watch it P I know people
really like this whole series but I just
don't think we would have anything to
say that hasn't been said a million
times you know or said or that we would
spend the entire review comparing it to
blood-borne because that's kind of our
point of entry in this series right and
I don't know if that's necessary what do
you fuckers get over here fine fine I
don't need you anyway
now you can do oh wait wait I want to
come
yeah that's why we that's why we did the
first four hours with Dark Souls 3 just
because we you know everyone gets the
jokey dialogue and we thought that would
be fun
we definitely wanted to play it
yeah
thanks I'm tardy I what we noted
or your evil hand where's your evil
hands
you're that fucking spin move
you have fire bombs
terribly impressed moment
I think I was back there Xia
we didn't use that fucking spin move on
me like eight times in a fucking row
that's his thing that's his thing stand
up everybody time to stand up it's time
to stand up everyone who's not rich rich
doesn't feel like standing up everybody
else stand up while rich walks to the
boss
what's going on is I'm gonna I think I'm
gonna take this one you don't think oh
yeah I see that
yeah yeah
don't feel like it
I don't
that's right
I
okay
I believe we did that already I will
double-check though after after this
death I will double-check but I believe
we did that last women watch going back
to the level up place and burning up in
the fire increases the potency of your
Estus one so every sip
right
some of you
no no I think just do it you can I
believe I did that last stream
you guys keep bringing it up but we will
double check new and evil I did get a
bunch of emails I have
really upsetting that was the the first
game I bought before the 30s
I enjoyed any of them Zelda games
we're spinning let's go Trish I know if
that's everyone's joke and it's very
funny
should have rolled when I get it
economic as well - alone
did anyone play our slashing scenes /e
souls was a
a mobile game
phone game created by
by gamestop to help like sell there to
help advertise pre-orders and
endless-runner
Dark Souls gaming it sucks it's a
terrible endless-runner
I thought it was cute that you can buy
/e souls
I downloaded it
it's not very good
not very good fun
okay before we get too far let's
double-check this bone thing everybody
settle down for one second go into our
inventory
you do that here right oh oh you went
back there thing okay great no so first
of all I mean I've never seen rich so
stuck in a video game before yet I know
he will conquer this motherfucker
you can do it rich what am I looking for
okay I go to the fire in here do you can
get out of here you just go to the fire
which fire that's right there
yeah and get out of your inventory click
on the fire and one of the options
should be burn unbid bone shard okay
okay can you burn another one do we have
another on why do I want to burn another
one
so now if you look at your Estus flask
when you look at your Estus flask next
time
it says estes flax flax plus one okay
you've basically leveled up your healing
item okay okay great
we've done it we've done it I'm sorry I
thought we did that last stream it might
be something you can do more than once
how was your last one great oh well let
me get to all of the tips that I missed
while I went walking rich try spinning
this good trip try eating almonds too
they're healthy and good for you and
give you strength to kill bosses it will
also kill me the almonds kill rich so
you know how about you we don't do that
I tipped y'all two bucks over an hour
ago says the riddle of Steel and I think
you skipped me I remember we read one of
you maybe not on someone on once but I
trust you enough to spend two dollars to
bring it to your attention
Verne the night Verne mine ever mine
tied play it multiplayer with the fans
like he'll die ever let me look that up
right this very moment ver my tied
beep might we use of all of your members
Jack oh my I guess you're not using I
didn't even know this was I didn't even
know the embers were a thing so use them
use a museum wasn't it cold and this
much trouble to blood the star beast it
was fairly early boss
yeah blood-borne and I didn't gave me
more trouble than any of the bosses oh
that's a Warhammer game so we're
probably not gonna play it but it might
be ok I I added it I added it to my wish
list I added it to my check out later
list so thank you that we automatically
don't like Warhammer games check you
know what is just in the back of my head
that war Warhammer equals something I'm
not into it yeah it could be a fine game
it's a tabletop game oh then it might be
something on there too
I don't know where I got this notion
from range it's just the notion I had
okay let's see here phase two back nuts
for the love of God attack the back nuts
also giant clubs should have a damage
bonus against nuts to be fanatic yes yes
they should I agree anonymous and bless
our drugs says repeat after me back back
vermintide is like left for dead okay
so you got some back nuts to attack you
know I think you you had the right idea
early which is like an attack the hand
when you can then yet and maybe later
but I couldn't reach I tried the back
nots once I couldn't reach every once in
a while he like leans back there
and then roll them oh well strategy
Dark Souls is a different kind of fun
it's not like haha
Oh
all right
it's more like I just trained for two
years and ran a marathon yeah
and then Henry used to have in love
yeah but didn't you kill
I don't think I guess he's on the like
nuts
a lot
yeah
I'm doomed
sure I'm doomed never to beat this
treatise check you mean you've said
you're gonna be that this dream so looks
like it's gonna be an all-nighter
then go phi and nuts there people seem
to like it they say rich in pain is fun
people like you're suffering rich so you
suffer for your art
so my de Beaune Chargers it's the light
okay it's old plus one how long does
that last I think that's just forever so
I think if we had another bone shard
then we could do it again and it be plus
two bones outs are probably fairly rare
what I said or maybe you can like choose
where you use them
Shin shin Thomas it's different it's
different when you're playing the game
alone Sheamus or whatever his name was I
did it looks like a dry the first is boy
so easy why not just hit him and run
away when he ataxia like it's just like
and now what I'm doing right it's
different and of course rich is here
we're talking into like I'm blabbering
in his ear about random nonsense it's
it's very different when you are
streaming a game then when you play it
by yourself and can be fully absorbed
and you know it's fine everything's fine
see how we helped you as you are you're
very helpful chat thank you for all of
your help
yeah we removed the skeleton last stream
we its photo skeleton is fully removed
so we don't need to worry about that
which is good
Lucky Strikes is having conflicting
feelings between Haley Leah and penny
layup
Penny's a nice girl but she's a sad sack
and I would not want to be married to
her Abigail's fine
just kind of boring to parallel Liz
Leah's fine I prefer penny I want I want
a girl to just sit and read books with
me in the library all day that's just
what I like I want to I want to be the
one to bring a little light into Penny's
yeah let's add life I'm not gonna use
the flash before the underground portion
if I die before then so be it yeah yeah
so be it it's fair colors
Leah does lados like wine you can get my
salad you can buy selling at the bar
it's really easy gift for her she loves
it
oh well I mean I think there's a second
like in general about like why we like
them and you can you know Leia likes
wine and you know if you like a lady who
drinks wine
I was a bookworm
I feel like it's not like Leia gets like
like piss her pants drunk she likes fine
wine there you didn't get to that
cutscene where Leia is yelling at you
and stumbling home no I didn't get that
cutscene because I got all over cup
scenes that doesn't happen Jack Jack
you son of a bitch firm I grew up in an
artist that's great if that happened to
start you think you think his you make
it turn up series big shot supposedly
one of the updates there's gonna be
divorce oh yeah if you don't keep it up
no maybe if you just want to try to my
wife oh you can initiate divorce
hopefully she they can initiate divorces
no I know he's gonna add a couple of
love interest
oh okay that'd be nice not new
characters just ones that weren't
previously romance Abul oh yeah like the
bum not him yeah I don't want a romance
with bone
Malaya's intervention will be
forthcoming to help via like that
Haley's sister Emily the blue haired one
that works at the bar oh yeah she's cute
and one of the drunk guys and hangs out
of the bar Shane okay oh yeah the one
who's like always just what kind of an
ass right by the bar in kind of an ass
yeah just wants to be left alone
yes yes what you think cuz you got
chickens you're a big deal you think you
think you love those chickens well you
love me you pet him every day when's the
last time you pet me fucker yep I want
my lad drunk PLC my way you modern in
just adding some dialogue oh yeah yeah
yeah that's right now just let me finish
you Tim Val mom's latest trend upgrading
recent games why is rich going this way
to the boss there I'll go the other way
to the boss let's go the other way to
the boss we're going the other way the
boss
they got they got this guy I prefer this
way but there there are a lot of guys in
this little house so you have to go to
the house that's exactly why I don't
want to go this way you have to go to
the house and on the little on the left
side of the house there's a staircase
that'll take you upstairs yeah and
they've blocked the doorway which is the
hardest part
this is the way I usually think I think
it's a little bit easier but there's
more painting out you get you can get
stuck in that doorway emily easily and
I've I've gotten I've gotten stuck there
but okay wait sorry latest trend
upgrading recent games to HD they've
been doing that they're doing that with
Arkham Asylum and Arkham City for Xbox
one and ps4 except for they're already
in HD tops
yeah it's I guess it's time what they're
updating like what it was just the
graphics that's fine that's part of them
fucking the gameplay up yeah but what's
the point
my problem with the the Grim Fandango
update was they didn't they didn't
upgrade the graphics enough for my taste
I don't want to change the gameplay
boosts it a bit more I'll be fine like
firfer for games like Arkham Asylum
what's the point it's already available
everywhere
nothing wrong with games preservation
Jack games preservation Sheriff
alright I'll buy into the Alpine to that
argument rich Evans games preservations
for the sake of games preservations we
are ok with this also yonder yonder says
that Leia likes driftwood bitches but
she loves salad you can literally get
her a fucking stick out of the dirty
water and give it to her and she'll put
out woman appreciates nature she doesn't
put out alright she just likes the drip
who likes the dirty had to give her a
fuck ton of driftwood before she'll put
out before you can give her this and
then you may as well go with salad yeah
she likes salad but no no it didn't
restore and that just wasted her number
well Dark Souls 3 is a bitch I was I was
a little comical right there but I mean
you could also like she really enjoys
like the mushrooms that you picked out
of the ground she enjoys nature she yeah
but she really likes salad and she
really likes wine get yourself a keg and
get that lady some wine you're better
off gone with salad that wine that you
make yeah you can only sell for like 600
the salad at the bar same amount of like
cost 200 there you go so make some wine
to sell the wine buy some salad drowning
in that sweet Leia loving rich you don't
make girlfriends with salad in stardew
valley you do
nice touch there there's another bonfire
we could be using oh I didn't know that
right send us a detailed map draw us a
detailed map on your closest cocktail
napkin go I got this like a half an hour
ago and I haven't opened it yet it's
probably warmed out when you get another
one all right he activates instantly no
he didn't used to do that that's
annoying
it's completely fucked with my mojo
yeah
yeah yeah and of course now other people
are saying you're at the closest one
don't whine fuckers they just want me to
wander around loose a bonfire like an
idiot yep
I will ask grips that question like goes
down with this bike
this ass
this is one that you might have to think
about it was wait thank you for the map
dreaming the dreamers with the game yes
rich will definitely have three
nightmares for the next two weeks
why the embers before Estes
those are girls
I guess you could save the ember' for
last but if you increase the hell in
your health right away it gives you more
hits yeah why wouldn't you want to do
that first thing the whole point is to
have all of that help so when something
like that happens and you can still live
so you get those fruit back
director
or the yellow stuff drains our skin
where are you at I think you did it Oh
Oh
I was so Wow took your time your patient
you waited for your moments you did it
rich huh break okay we're just gonna
take a breath we're just gonna take a
breath hmm
we got the transposing kiln and the soul
of the rotted great wood okay great um
two and a half two and a half hours rich
so you know you know all it takes all
sorts rich all sorts

[Part II]
my big club back there we go okay great
go see if there are any treasures down
here now because now we got to find our
way out of here
probably by that giant bright thing
right there big ol bright thing in the
room go towards the brightest thing in
the room derpity derp dee derp
do I want to pray at this altar
what is that outside you
I'm not in the Covenant okay great that
lifts the onion night will take you to
the next to a colorful one okay yeah
let's go let's go hang out with the
onion night a little bit more first what
do we need to do give the we have to
give the guy the thing right
yeah yeah I know good so there's a guy
okay yeah there's a guy up here that guy
give him the kiln I'm gonna go do that
why do I have on this floppy hat the
game won't crash because we're playing
it on a PlayStation 4 and not on Rich's
computer so it won't crash
seen better days but it shall suffice
now bring to me a twisted soul
transposition in
Oh
okay so I gave the the you know that the
little Skellington guy on the throne
yeah you can give him the thing and we
can make new weapons so what are we so
we can get a holo Slayers great sword
which I mean looks fairly awesome we can
get votes great hammer
Oh for the dog we can get his big mace
none of these things we can use it they
all have X's on them so like we're not
really we don't have the strength than a
thousand souls huh yeah a thousand souls
how much more strength you need for them
this one we need thirty string yeah no
not third nineteen yeah chap dark side
of the moon's like one of my favorite
albums that is true
that's true about Richards asking if I'm
wearing a pink floyd shirt yeah
sometimes rich Evans will surprise you
with the things he's into touch the
darkness within me only one level touch
the darkness within you touch the
darkness within me yeah yeah yeah
if I could just go peer strength shear
strength wait I think I have some souls
to burn to get a little bit more I'm
very close to leveling up did you miss
anything here Tony victory no idea I
just got back from a victory myself oh
yeah these two tips we have no bread oh
man says rich hypothetically Firaxis
said they were doing another XCOM style
game but in a different setting which
would you prefer fantasy steampunk
western or science fantasy like Star
Wars ish and how much care for fantasy
in my science fiction uh-huh like my
science fiction to be science fiction so
now it's not sci-fi fantasy for sure I'd
probably go steampunk Oh debunks fun
that could be neat
that could be meat I'm gonna go find
that onion night again I forgot where he
was they say we get to hang out with the
onion night more and go to fun places
yeah so I'm gonna do that with my big
dumb Club
crookie says oh my god
rich is my spirit animal I've ever seen
the show Metalocalypse and don't listen
to the music from the show so maybe the
same guys who made the show home movies
first thing I didn't know the same guy
who made home movies I've actually never
seen home movies never seen a movie No
oh you'd love it I love Metalocalypse
though so maybe I'd love home movies
well you know it's very very very
different show but same humour it's a
it's about kids who make movies for fun
and it's it's good times
do-do-do-do-do this is where the onion
night is back I know that Metalocalypse
is basically basically canceled bow on
not quite a cliffhanger but unresolved
which is disappointing
you still phone get out of here I like
you I don't like them right hitting them
in the face with your club working a
little bit even press the onion night
progress the onion ID story as far as we
can for now
oh well then lay off guys
actually I don't swim just being coy
about her new seasons last last I heard
they said no that's the last I heard
they said no and now have a live cam of
all of the faxes sending them requests
to bring it back going directly into a
shredder right that's a real thing
rubbish is this guy again what does he
do I don't know what he do
dost know livestream of them shredding
faxes that's that's horrible that's
really horrible
yeah well it's them like shredding
requests yeah why don't they just tell
their fans to fuck off I think that's
what the livestream of that shredding
fax is it's rich I'm pretty sure that's
been telling from the fuckin uh-huh I
wonder I wonder what happened there why
wouldn't they want another season maybe
it costs too much maybe they're working
on new properties maybe bring you know
maybe Brandon smallest ask to work with
it could be and or maybe he's saying
like I've done this long enough you need
to pay me more money and they don't have
more money I'm sure there could be many
many reasons what's down here there
could be many many reasons it is the
kind of shit we do though that's
basically what I'm gonna do with Mass
Effect and Mass Effect Andromeda what
wait if that comes out just destroy it
on camera oh yeah if I get sent a copy
I'm certain you're not gonna go out of
my way to fucking buy it i play of that
Oh fucking awesome what he is look but
look it's got a dog man night thing dog
ain't man night I kind of love him
I was not prepared for that not prepared
for dog ape night the Eric Andre show is
brilliant
booger x99 if if you guys have not seen
the Eric Andre show do yourself a
straight-up favor see that shit
what she'll reason
well I was using was the one in the
middle on the bottom it says physical
absorption is 100 this isn't it I don't
think that one has the the counter
though but I gave up on the counter too
finicky too finicky to be worth it
yeah man yeah what's on my shirt I just
went over this
clean out your damn ears it's a just
pick plaid shirt it's got a pyramid and
some some colors
rats
fuck you rats we're only at 40% wait
armor up to use that uh armor up to use
up that's 70% numbers you can get to
rounder wait that's what they're saying
everyone everyone told me to cut down on
the armor that's what I did
oh and you know what I like this outfit
better huh I don't care if other outfits
will perform better
I want this is how I want to look so
that's it so fuck all y'all hate is the
Somme looking no fighting
why can't they just normally quiet cuz
we're fucking used to blood-borne we're
bad at it I pulled out a field the whole
time
I don't want to live like this like this
behind the shield
onion night there's some other stuff
over there forget it's all about the
fashion Souls yep
hey I stuck with the outfit I like the
bloodborne I don't never shit yeah yeah
yeah
stats be damned except for this hat I
don't like this hat you get you gave me
this hat wrench yeah we're sure that it
works with this little outfit and you
put that one on I wanted to see what it
look like well I'm gonna put on this
goofier head rich this makes me feel
like a like a like a Koopa Troopa yeah
I'm just gonna go like this and go
hatless
I am hatless Jack of the turtle clan the
wall Pink Floyd's the wall it's okay
it's good I'm not okay no it's cuz
there's a lot of good songs on it Anna
on the whole it's it's fine I don't like
it as much as Dark Side of the Moon why
does the rich hate Dark Side of the Moon
you know I don't say that there aren't
really really good tracks on it
like rolling um
wish you were here okay I'm not really a
music guy so I'm not even sure what the
fuck is on the album but I know I like
the song wish you were here
so what's whatever that's worth you
can't I was trying to parry his sword
don't parry I well I was trying to parry
and I can apparently don't parry a
parent a pair in leave don't period so
where do we go next
I'm kind of I'm kind of fucking oh I
guess the do I have to go I have to go
shine on you crazy diamond rich you too
do we light a lantern jack this is the
way you're meant to go what that's been
said multiplied by me they just said
this is the way you're meant to go so
whatever you were that's where I go next
Shh I got a fight that fucking thing I
want to fight that thing rich is hard
please don't ever do that again you're
shinin crazy yeah I think so
I liked it it was a joke like I didn't
get that that was talking about the song
you know
it's heard me hit that dodge roll there
I hit it I hit it upgrade your weapon if
you can not this sword because it's raw
I mean upgrading it would still mean
better stats well that one is the one I
got a brake upgrade to the raw yeah can
you keep doing that
yeah you can upgrade it you can still
upgrade it you just can't no longer
infuse it with stones okay and it okay
and it no longer scales with our other
stats but I think this is the better
weapon to use against crazy snow sword
beast monster I think
I'd like to get one hit on the crazy
snows the sponsor we upgraded the weapon
to raw like how did the honey you you're
going to upgrade it what did you upgrade
it to I don't understand I wasn't paying
attention when you did this so you can
you can just like reinforce it which is
just a regular upgrade yeah and then you
can infuse it like putting gems on SWAT
but the only problem with infusing is
apparently I infused it with a raw gem
which up to the stats yeah but it means
that it doesn't scale with our
attributes okay but it's it's all it's
it's fine every I mean it is what it is
it's already upgraded and obviously I
don't have the souls to upgrade it
anymore because I keep dying to this
snow monster thing
I couldn't hit by you rat it's one thing
I know I'm not getting hit by that
fucking rat you know it's got good music
ash vs. Evil Dead music and I know the
joke is supposed to be that it's all
outdated things that an old man would
listen to yeah I don't care I'm an
outdated old man you're that's fine
and how dare that old man you might be
able to reinforce
so maybe it's not fucked I don't I don't
know that'd be great
we're gonna try and try the old get good
strategy over here with uh with snow
monster I was having some trouble
deflecting his giant snow sword so I
just don't know if I can't deflect it or
if I was fucking up the time we're just
going to drink in a big old pile of the
get goods yes I finally beat the tree
you can remove infusions if you find the
right kind of stone and they want you to
put the hat back on there like the Hat
they'll like the Hat okay I hit him once
this time look at this thing
Tim Simmons says rich I'm a massive Led
Zeppelin fan personally but I left Pink
Floyd by the way did you hear that some
dumbass synced up Dark Side of the Moon
with the force awakens no I didn't hear
that and ya ER a dumbass remember back
in my younger days sinking Dark Side of
the Moon up with The Wizard of Oz of
course that's the thing me and Karen did
that way back when yeah that was the
thing to do and you go oh this part kind
of matches up with this isn't that
trippy no okay and either resinar on
drugs you know nobody not my bag baby
right I did it while on drugs I wash it
while I'm driving
but it really works well no all those
were really pissed like we kept on it we
can we kept on like wondering if we
missed the cue maybe we did it wrong no
no no I always thought it was a good
combination this is gonna mean anything
to you Wow but Dark Side of the Moon and
Cerebus the aardvark what serve is the
art it's a comic book okay some of the
some of the Trippier Cerebus moments
work really good to Dark Side of the
Moon all right
I I suggest that if you own these
service collected volumes
oh wait they want the Hat put the hat
back on
I'm gonna put a helmet on I'm gonna be a
Koopa Troopa how do you sync pictures to
a song still pictures to a son I mean
it's not really a sync just it's nice to
listen to that while you read service
no I think you've got it maybe should
use the shield huh you sure actually I
did much better that time without using
yes I did much better that time without
using the shield
okay okay
and Tiberius Kirk says that this this
yeah the stream it's great with space
trucking on the background
great space truckin Dupin dududududu run
past and open run past an open door
there was a bonfire right outside so you
can skip running into him run past him
oh the cold guy that's I'm assuming they
mean I want to beat the cold again I
know I I'm with you on that you have fun
the way you want to have fun with your
game right listen sometimes you get to
the point where you need to run past
people and sometimes you want to defeat
the people that might be frustrating for
you guys to watch but fucking man dick
neutral is confirming that space truckin
is going well with the stream and
whatever you guys want to do
get them songs check at them souls
there's nothing in there fuck
fuck come on Janek you were so close
last time it's right yeah you remember
remember when the tree bees beat me when
what his health was you could even see
his fucking health bar mm-hmm that was
close that was close
just open up the door for easy mode
right exactly that's exactly what
opening up the doors I looks I will
defeat the man and then I will open the
door as a victory you know what would go
poorly with the stream TNT you can only
listen to TNT when you're kicking ass it
works considerably worse when your ass
is being kicked then it just makes you
feel like a chump
cuz I'm Tien this music is pumping up my
enemies i'm dinah nope nope oh Jesus
Christ
oh Jesus Christ I'm not even gonna make
it there this time
hmm Tiberias thinks if you're listening
with TNT
you'd be kicking ass because of it oh
maybe maybe that's good thinking
I'm a loser would work very well yes we
need to listen listen to back especially
like listen to sad sack back like listen
to see changes or one of his like I'm
feeling kind of blue albums while you
play this and you'll just you'll feel
like absolute garbage great hum tardy
says i'm dinah a lot i like that
thumps up
thunderstruck would work great too
thunderstruck is good right before asses
kicked TNT is good during ass-kicking
if I were using in the movie
thunderstruck would be setting up my big
battle not during it yeah there we go
I've defeated him the upsetting part is
that was clearly not a boss monster
that's just a monster I'm going to run
into later on but I defeated him and I
feel good about that defeat about that
victory I should say I feel good about
that victory
oh there's there's a bonfire right here
and I got a new sword yeah so we'll
check out that new sword the III eerie
feel straight sword and people are
saying nice day this looks pretty good
this looks pretty good yeah let's see it
okay so here's my swords right now and
whoa and here's my throat and he the
news or hates myself any of the new Thor
yeah looks pretty cool well give it a
shot
yeah okay that guy was like the hunters
from blood-borne he only spawns once oh
great
I'll take it let's see what these
shields do and people are saying that
sort of super good great
I like hye-rin says he carried him
through a lot of his game so there you
go great I'll take it then all right the
only every time they put a CD music in a
movie it usually sucks ac/dc doesn't
suck but the movie usually does Iron Man
Man Iron Man I think you know is it
usually though usually like a ac/dc is
one of those a CD C's music is one of
those that I think filmmakers use as a
crutch you know like I'll just put on
some ac/dc music and it'll be awesome
how about that spar of ac/dc exactly
we've got a shivering stand is that
thing what the fuck is that thing rich
I don't fucking know that's a big
fucking thing that's gonna kill you what
do you think it is the darksouls game
probably exactly that's your future doom
go say hi to your future doom Jack hi
hello doom I wanna see if there's any
doom over here first oh there is oh
sweet
yeah well while you're transforming I'm
gonna murder you how about that maybe
should have transformed like an hour ago
right no or what if he was transforming
to be to say like I'm an angel of peace
I will heal yeah what if that's what he
was saying I'm not willing to trust
anything in this world and that's the
problem what if we what if there was a
pacifism option look at this fucking
thing
we're cat airborne jet is get airborne
he's got wings I assume we can get
airborne
that's pure assumption on my part though
I doubt there would be like a growing
wing animations for something that can't
like fly sure it's gonna be like those
birds and blood-borne come the floor
that you crave first of all that would
be great I love those birds well yeah
like I definitely want to go down there
but it looks like you know that's a
one-way street there's no way to get
back up to here someone I'd do a little
more exploring over here first a check I
don't trust her onion we're gonna find
out that he's crazy man it was gonna
kill things we'll find that out well we
know he's a crazy man who wants to kill
things the question is is he a crazy man
who wants to kill us a little that'll be
the twist I'll be the twist son Knight
you have helped me know that these
monsters out of the way I can kill every
one starting weight and then he turns
into some kind of blob monster that
bursts out of the onion suit yep okay I
guess I this is the way to go rich oK
we've entered the meat of the game
okay oh I got an axe
look at this bitty hum hum tardies is uh
you are a crazy man who wants to kill
things that's your character in this
game yes and we can't trust anything
else including me you know we're bad
everything's bad everything's awful
I just proved my point
you can't even trust the potato just hey
we we get ourselves killed in this game
all the time you can't trust yourself
you cannot trust yourself I get here we
got a butcher knife and we got an axe
rich a butcher knife in an axe do you do
what you do because that's what you do
you did did this vid to do look at ax it
looks like we're not ready for the
butcher knife yet
yeah I know Axl Rose is gonna be the new
singer for ac/dc yeah I don't like Axl
Rose I guess I guess to me it doesn't
matter because the a dc-dc means nothing
anymore what are they doing lately can
you just do the old shit I don't care
yeah but it's not like you're gonna go
see him
just listen to their old music and you
find you know like they don't matter
anymore so yeah sure Axl Rose will be
the new singer who cares they'll sell a
few more tickets we just got some now we
got new weapons rich okay now source
this shit we got now mom's coming out
your butt Jack we got twin daggers slash
and thrust
okay great we're doing great not played
the open doom beta
I'll probably just play it when it's
done yeah you gotta be weird about betas
you don't want to get too attached to
something that they decide to change
you're gonna come alive aren't you I
have the sword I'm gonna say I like the
sword a little bit better this war this
this sword just swings really quickly
yeah and it seems to kill things faster
than my axe what does it what does it
it's one of my father stack with what is
it Deb
it looks like it does well with
dexterity and strength bonuses what's
the word I'm looking for scale scale
strength and dexterity which I have
decent of both strength and dexterity
it's got a cold thing I forgot to be
some kinda like magic in there or
something I guess there's no real
there's no real like magic kind of set
this one is her there's nothing like a
blood tinge that's it does have a cold
thing to it so you think it would do a
cold damage or if it would tell us if it
did a cold damage although maybe if I go
into here
if you remember me hating Dark Souls 1
before playing blood-borne
you'll have to you remember me playing
one frustrating stream of it which is
hardly hardly fair it has additional
effects and you see it has a red thing a
purple thing and a white thing it's 35
white thing so maybe maybe 35 white
thing means means ice-cold I'm sorry
you're saying what I was just about uh
not having much time with the game and
not really having a solid opinion of
again I was especially with the
frustration of dying over and over again
Dark Souls 1 oh yeah I'm sure if I went
back to it I'd like it I haven't gone
back to it cuz theres always constantly
shit to do and play and whatnot like duh
hyper light drifter is stream bad and
that was kind of mad actually I like it
now not my favorite game ever but I like
it a lot more and I did when we were
streaming it you've been saying that
yeah and yeah I still have kind of a
negative feeling out of from streaming
it just because it was kind of mad much
how I feel about Dark Souls 1 and Dark
Souls 2
you know we stream that for a little bit
as well
just cuz we we didn't have a lot of time
to absorb them it's hard to absorb a
game when you're streaming oh I see you
hello did a goblin friend I would like
to murder you
yeah and you're murdered welcome to the
murder singer now to find my own City
I'm find a mole we had a people that you
kill murder that song would be a lot
better if it weren't for that that 30
minute chunk in the middle that's just
blah instrumental blah I'm trying to
remember the instrumental blah no you
know it's fine because you get uh
whatever I listen to that song once the
instrumental kicks in I just either loop
it to the top or listen to something
else sure sure
get off me Doug
you are you are free to disagree this is
just my personal opinion on the damn
song doesn't mean you I think anybody
else should hate it it's just just
talking about myself yep yep yep that's
solos not that long jeez yeah yeah you
really think it's not 35 minutes like I
said it was maybe maybe I was
exaggerating or maybe I actually thought
it was 35 minutes long I think it's more
possible that you actually thought it
was 35 minutes ago here's my here's my
dilemma here it's like I don't know
where I am and I'm out of Estus flasks
so I'm gonna use an ember only to regain
my health I just got a new member
has everyone forgiven Metallica for
Napster yet does that ever happened no I
don't think they've ever bounced back
fully like you know they still have
their core audience but I think as far
as like a new fan outreach is concerned
it's just gone yeah - no I've never
cared about Guns and Roses
why don't you jog ah oh we got funny
games never ever have I given a shit I'm
travelers we got everything you want but
there's a price to pay that all goes I'd
watch me not give a shit about guns and
roses
oh and bilah so by the way here here we
are once again I was just thinking to
myself oh I just made it through that
through that stretch I could really go
for a bonfire right about now oh this
whoa and there's one right smack-dab in
front of me I think they might have they
might have they might have nerfed the
bonfire place man
I feel a bit I feel like that was
exactly where I wanted it to be and it
shouldn't have been there should have
been a couple more enemies in front of
it don't get used to the convenient
bonfires
this is Horace a friend and travelling
companion as Horace and you to accept
the Lords of cinder we are where along
the road of sacrifices Valois is the
crucifixion words beyond the flooded
winds lies barren keep home of the
undead Legion further yet is the
Cathedral of the deep we think the
cathedral home of the Grim Aldrich you
may go our separate ways now but we are
both seekers of Lourdes the next time we
cross paths one may find the other in a
time of need may the flames guide your
way sure
okay great
oh and I got a thing got a thing earlier
I got this yep I can learn hi miracles
of carom okay okay great what about you
oh good oh you're you're one of those
that don't have much to say great let's
rock and roll
oh you know what yeah I probably have
enough to level off I should probably
level up level up and
upgrade upgrade my new fun sword my
slashy slashy honoree is the opposite
gender of your characters gender that's
interesting
oh I've actually trying to have a love
interest is Andriy our love is that what
they're doing
maybe I'm sure something horrible
happens to her oh maybe
the doll is the best level of waifu I I
liked the doll I liked the doll a lot
better than this one this lady that says
touch my darkness I don't want to touch
your darkness
I want the doll to say come close to me
come close to me and that's me shadow
you and dark know you know what is she
what is a doll you can say I forget the
doll is I like the doll better than this
baby fo sho rest your weary something or
something like that
it'd be easier I don't know something or
other I can't remember what she says she
whatever it is it's soothing and
wonderful wow I really wish this worked
on PC hahaha wouldn't that be great if
this worked on PC note room lighting
tool oh yeah that was a I heard that
eighty thousand times and I tried that
nobody did that I'm just I'm
preemptively jumping on them yourself
lighting low I've heard that eighty
thousand fucking times
mmm-hmm did not work we did we I didn't
show all that because you know I wanted
to keep it under like two more right
there were two more crashes and there
was us going through all the headings
google searching how to go through all
of the settings to get this to work on
your very nice gaming PC and it didn't
work I have Windows 7 that works fine in
Windows 7 we were using it in Windows 7
I've been avoiding 10 because it sounds
like a pain in the ass to reinstall all
my shit or figure out ways to get my old
shit to work and I don't want to fucking
deal with it when I see no real
advantage to getting 10 yeah ok where's
our new sword here
oh we need twinkling try knight to
reinforce our new sword rich we need
twinkling to try a name we don't have
that we do have just a try Knight shard
so I could reinforce my axe and I kind
of want my annex but like I also want to
reinforce I also want to use the fist
because I think it's ridiculous
what is wrong yeah 10 because the reason
the reason I haven't upgraded to 10 is
because I don't feel like the hassle of
fucking around with it and reinstalling
things and getting shit to work in a
newer operating system when everything
the way I had it set up works just fine
so otherwise what is wrong with 10 oh I
could have a fire axe rich
I want a fire axe let's do this
fuck yeah baby be careful I don't wanna
see my work squandered alright so now I
have a fire axe and an ice sword no it
doesn't it does it's not lit on fire I
was really expecting it to be on fire
mmm it doesn't change its appearance at
all which actually kind of upsets me a
little bit what about you hey Betty
we're gonna buy from you short sword and
dagger weapons okay actually anything
that works on seven works fine on ten a
I'm actually worried though about like
older games so a lot of those with gog
and whatnot have been updated anyway
like TIE fighter type fighter was always
a headache to get running on modern
systems until the GOG version right it's
crap like that that I worry about like
like old old Windows 95
programs that I still have getting that
shit to run sure oh wait I need I need
to touch this lady's darkness really
quick GOG is really good I like to hear
gee I'm just I'm just not realizing how
many of my favorite Center I have to
worry about shit like that with because
I have the GOG version have you um have
you been using GOG galaxy at all I don't
see any - you know it's just a nice hub
just a nice I want I want one place to
go for all my games what I've been doing
is I just put a link to my GOG games
into steam just I have one thing open
with a list of games and I've got a ton
of Steam games and I think it would be a
pain in the ass to do the other way
around unless there's some kind of app
that will just import links to Steam
shit into galaxy baby
I'm saying the only thing I really get
with GOG that I got with galaxy that I
that I don't have would be like like I
have like achievements or something
right I don't give any shit about that I
mean I think there is that that kind of
like social element as well but but to
me it's just a nice hub you know much
like steam is like the hub for games and
so you can choose what game to play
another issue I have with galaxy because
I actually installed it somewhat
recently just to see what it was like
and it didn't recognize any of my GOG
games because my solid-state drive
I don't install things onto my C Drive
installed in like my II drive I got a
separate driver and that's not like gee
oh geez default directory so it's it's
not it doesn't recognize everything I
have from GOG that I already installed
oh okay sure yeah I mean that's just
gonna take some time it was fine tuning
of create resistance you know what I
like upgrading luck because I like
finding stuff I like that in blood-borne
too because it made it more likely that
you would find healing items I know that
might not be a popular choice upgrading
luck I let's see if I can set this dude
on fire
like yeah ax attack Nick Nevinger says
Windows is playing with the idea of
making their OS subscriber based which
would mean that all users would have to
update when Windows does it may not pull
through but just to FYI lol shut my Cobb
subscriber based yeah in you know I
think that's very interesting from a
from a software perspective from an
operating system perspective
I just want to switch to fucking Linux
and not have to worry about any of this
garbage
but those software ones no no games
wanna fucking support Linux you know
Apple has taken as taken a stance that
it's very important to them that their
customers have the newest they have to
offer and so Apple has made all of their
operating systems free
they sell hardware well yeah Apple's
hardware Microsoft doesn't sell hardware
and Apple wants to get you into the
ecosystem you know like they want your
iPhone to run perfectly and your iPad to
run perfectly and the app and you know
use the App Store and all the the more
the more pleasant and experience you
have using Apple's hardware the more
likely you are to buy new Apple hardware
that's to their benefit yeah he's cool
yeah that's guys with the big wooden
planks Club zombies fuck you I dodged
now let's try using virtual machines
I've never played around with that kind
of stuff much I have to imagine it won't
run nearly as fast trying to use a
virtual machine to run Windows apps
Linux environment and it would probably
be a bitch with newer shit possible Oh
what is that
goodness thing he died yeah just kind of
goofy far from my favorite from monster
oh yeah like a little rock crab bug
shrooms
see if I switch over to Linux I know I
know I'm probably able to run TIE
fighter on a virtual machine just fine
but would I be able to run dark souls 3
I want to get rid of Windows entirely
otherwise it's not worth it Oh taco
tuesday stinks there with a little salt
and pepper shakers oh oh someone go on
etsy right now I'm sure someone on Etsy
has already made those into salt and
pepper shakers what was the last boss we
fought three balls
we've bought rebirth lot tree balls and
then I thought the ice monster which was
like a mini boss and then I thought some
Biddy with a with a butcher knife which
was a mini boss but we have beaten tree
balls and we have beaten snow dog and
all the bosses so I don't know what that
means for how far we are in the game
I got Windows 10 to work just fine once
I disabled like all the features yeah
that's what I hear like and websites
have breakdowns on all the things you
need to do to like stop them from Auto
sharing your information Oh God
my weight weird crosses things the good
thing is like someone does have all of
those breakdowns where it's like if you
want to disable all of them it might be
fine
we've only gotten to 20 percent of the
game I believe that I'm shocked instead
much I'm legitimately shocked it's that
much yeah yeah
ooh a twin dragon great shield that
sounds like something high
we're bringing Windows 10 up because
well I think we mentioned this earlier
in the stream yeah that we're gonna
we're gonna play some quantum break and
on PC that is a Windows 10 exclusive yes
you can either play it on an Xbox one or
a Windows 10 machine you you can't get
it through Steam and I think it if you
could get it through Steam which you can
I think you would still need Windows 10
which is bullshit but Microsoft are
assholes about wanting to shove 10 down
your fucking throat yep they really want
you to use Windows 10 so we did some ooh
oh rich look at this thing do you see
him in the background oh yeah what's
that gonna be so we did we did some
price-price
mapping and like okay how much does an
Xbox one cost you know which is
something we were thinking about getting
anyway well how much does two Xbox one
Scott well yeah what if we just got
Richard just a whole new hard drive
quantum quantum breaking is broken on PC
don't play and someone else says it does
not run on ten well by the way
so we got rich well they know what then
then we can tear it apart for that
exactly that's the next episode and we
got rich a brand spankin new hard drive
yeah cuz I wasn't about the new my
windows 7 installation for this shit and
we're gonna get him a brand fresh
banking copy of Windows 10 so you can
play quantum break oh man I hope the
game does not work on Windows 10 the
website says it only works on Windows 10
literally it is a Windows 10 exclusive
I'm just going by what what what what
the official website is telling me
that's what they have told us says only
only Windows 10 through their store
thing
I don't want to hurt it so let me kill
jack it'll be killed if it attacks me
I'll go for it
what invaded by dark sphere yellow I'm
I'm being invaded rich what does that
mean
what does that mean but I said I was
being invaded by a dark spirit I mean
someone's gonna come to kill you another
player we're not online fairly you are
fuck
don't play quantum break even for it
needles
well let me wasted a lot of money in a
harddrive onpc phantom is coming to gank
you there are NPC invaders that sounds
annoying
I don't like invaders in blood-borne
fuck you
fuck you oh he did refill all of my
Estes his glasses
well I killed them so we got that going
for us
and I think I got a weapon from him but
again I got a hazel pick whatever a
hazel pick is I got it
alright what else do you give me Oh oh
yeah I got some new shields here oh look
at that shield oh and I got a funny hat
look you want a funny hat you wanna wear
a funny hat fuck swap out my shield here
oh wait what is that - look at that
that's a new symbol doesn't probably a
new shield that's my incident symbol oh
look at that see what it does no no like
you know so instead of bashing away look
what it does yeah yeah you're using up
some of your special meter fuck fuck you
I'll use my mirror how one we're just
gonna take me home oh me
oh that's a good shield - I want that
okay here we go back on it
okay so there's these giant things here
in the water I'm gonna I'm cap what not
quantum break even be worth it if we
ended up ripping it apart it's not a big
turtle thing he's a giant fucking ugly
crab I thought it was like a beautiful
turtle I thought it was a beautiful
turtle rich why would you think it would
be a beautiful anything
yeah I got here crab thing you done
somebody had spending linked us to
something and instantly started making
noise alright well you'll have to you'll
have to show me that link later
it would really just be the equivalent
of beating a dead horse listen we've
done a lot of indie games we need to do
a big game with this one and it's like
the big game that's out get to you well
did you buy the Xbox one yet I did there
is something else that's coming out what
do do well do do next
forget you still wanna do quanta break
alright we're doing it I'll give a shit
and then we'll do do that'd be great
look at that guy hey hey not two of you
Star Fox zero
that was that was on the list that was
Wow
fuck you
I going to play the new TMNT game you
know what what I've seen I'm really not
super hyped about it
fuck you
PlatinumGames are nearly always good and
it looks a lot like the Transformers one
though and that was really mediocre plus
I really hate bebop and Rocksteady
how you doing Jack how you don't could
just be to like many bosses okay and we
got a we got I have so many weapons I
don't know what to do with him now we
just got something called the Exile
great sword which looks awesome and we
got Oh instead of the large club we now
have the great club so an even larger
piece of wood so that's great there's a
bauble over there that I can't get to
and it roots really bothers them to me
so once again I don't know this but I
would like for there to be a bonfire is
what I'm saying and I'm gonna guess I
would like for there to be a bonfire
nearby is what I'm saying because I'm
out of flasks and I've been exploring
for a little bit you already missed on
which I'm assuming means one okay
bonfire right near the crab thing okay
that's what I want
also we should probably stop streaming
soon yeah as it is midnight a little bit
I gotta go there's a cramp yeah I saw
the crab thing I didn't see a bonfire
over there I just read the things it's
all I do Jack's all I do i I believe him
I believe him that there's a bonfire
over here because there that was one
down the ladder bonfire down ladder whoa
whoa okay that's what I want
feeling good about where I am I'm
surprised I beat those two guys see if
you went down the ladder that would have
been perfect is that was right when
you're saying I could you know that was
right and you were saying that by the
ladder and I was even thinking well why
don't you go down the ladder Jack it was
probably one write down that's driving a
big open area down there with a palm
fire that's not how this happened that
beautiful Joe Oh
beautiful never have been time perfectly
it would have been timed absolutely
right when you got down you would have
like finished saying it really is
bonfire they even turned around and it
would have been there but now we spent
like we spent like like two minutes
backtracking
and it just didn't work anymore Oh Joe
oh what a shame all right what a shame
you know what
rest them self Wow here we go
salute we are toasting to the
subscribers
here we are toasting to the subscribers
respected citizen welcome
Jean pecan case le jia silly he fle just
this guy you know 16 months in a row
Hojo's Sephiroth Sephiroth Sephiroth
Sephiroth that's a final fantasy
character if you say so
in Argentina Chernobyl kinsmen 12 months
in a row Tiberius Kirk Tim sevens p.m.
fill a pill just there's nice so there's
no age in there can't be filled so a.m.
pill this time it's lupus Santos papal
space bazooka 15 months in around
Lincoln cracker man 5 to 6 15 months in
a row
Cameron Mitchell's ghost joy both sad no
joyfully sad
Eldorado Owens Owens scantron the
immortal 15 months in a row plus are
drugs
18 months in a row bless them drugs a
420 420 is die goop all pot stay on one
day like in a hundred years there will
be in all pots day in remembrance of
something or another
Daigo twelve months in a row happy the
legalization the celibate happen sooner
or later nation national
yeah legalization yeah sooner or later
you know it'll be equivalent to st.
Patrick's Day yeah okay alright I'm with
it Oh Tom tardy no we watch back Jack
fleshy patch nineteen was well I said
that as if it was an infomercial
do you experience dry fleshy bench
nineteen months in a row use your eight
use your remain eighteen months in a row
cun tremendous yeah that's correct
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it it's true
we really do so you know we're doing
quantum break
