Mar 6, 2016
Police Quest II: The Vengeance
https://www.twitch.tv/video/61654815
https://www.twitch.tv/video/61655313
https://www.twitch.tv/video/61655559
https://www.twitch.tv/video/61655736
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f0p8Q0SImsE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=melxVQn3ebE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qpNrJI0aP4o
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=APc2B-HbByQ
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/706541467263754241

[Part I]
oh I know nothing oh you're personally
you're partially green screened what are
you doing we started the stream for this
ship yeah you mean you said you were
ready to go you said you were ready to
go yes I'm not tell me to stop no okay
change one thing here so I got such a
tea better DOSBox is doing weird things
to my dual monitor here yes don't forget
actually hop out of DOSBox for a second
and make sure that the OBS volume is
down I didn't and the game what do you
want to do to the game blame
that's pretty dumb okay double-check the
mixer I didn't set that before we went
but I'll double-check it that's great I
see you rich my mic is super low how's
my mic that low it'll be fine it'll be
fine there we go I fixed it I fix it
everybody it's okay everything's okay
okay
I fixed it thank you chat for telling me
my mic was super low cuz it was it was
it was it was high
welcome everybody to destroy everybody
stream the streaming of the streams
everybody streaming all the all the
streams all the time everywhere I
everything's fine is it no thank you for
falling over and I hate it I hate it I'm
sorry I am genuinely sorry that sounds
great I just need you to find this guy's
picture in the manual so we could start
the stream that's all that's all I need
I found it in the manual but there's no
um I couldn't find the name I have the
manual right here but there's all these
pictures but no name no names standing
the pictures so I found his picture his
picture is right there
and there's no name to it zero say you
feel me what does one do hold on I got
assumed that maybe they blocked it out
for copyright reasons in a game that's
30 years old I don't know that could be
well I'm I will I will double check
something else I will look it up rich
don't worry here it is I found it maybe
I got a rich doing you sure I got it
because I know from GOG I've got all
this stuff in a fold around here
somewhere oh sure I'm gonna find that
folder which is riveting screaming how
about that ghostbusters we're just gonna
have the fucking Wayne oh sure
the trailer was really bad the movie
looks really bad it's probably gonna be
it's another pointless rewrite that's
what that's what there is to save and
like that theme theme is great any hoes
great 30 years ago it's still great now
any hope I had of it being a decent
movies it was and by the way just a bad
trailer you were wrong to have that
whole I you know yes I was that one
wasn't really hope but it I was leaving
open the opportunity you were wrong
leaving of course I was wrong but I was
leaving open the opportunity and it
could it could have been good and it's
not but it could have been I think no of
course it could have it could have been
you know you don't remake Casablanca
you should remain Casablanca you remake
something that was kind of bad to begin
with but that had potential that's the
movie you remake I think I found it
no I did not
see where the names yours doesn't have
names either
coz I'm gonna do is go on us weird how
do you find the names are they seeing
this not this okay see that's what I had
open well some one of the chat is
probably found the name you think
you know what if I just said enter where
is it yes any mind you'll need to do
better there and the game closed itself
oh snap
great snap this is why you do prefer
work somebody's saying well I assume
that the manual that's supposed to have
this information would have this
information yeah baby that was stupid
we have the manual and it says to look
at the manual for the information and
it's not in there so someone saying
Jones well it's gonna be a different
name now because the game closed itself
okay yeah here we go okay here that
hotness
what that's it oh that's horrifying
that's horrifying oh my god hold on
someone just gave us a tip hold on
anonymous now that you have a 3ds so
you're gonna stream Majora's Mask since
the version doesn't have an ugly
character model for link maybe we now we
now have a 3ds my 3s came I tweeted this
my 3ds with the capture card came the
very day that I was here complaining
that it hadn't come yet it was waiting
for me when I got home and by the way I
tested it out and it's it's like a
little USB connection and it is lagless
capture one year is bad since detective
city bonds exceptionally brought Jesse
Baines the Death Angel to justice my
world of rapid drugs and open violence
the world he controlled so well has been
silenced
now his veins whatever as the memory of
this animals slowly fades the city of
Lytton once again lives in the peace and
serenity of its best officer Sonny bonds
B has been promoted to the position of
homicide detective today begins with me
writing for another routine work day or
so it seems
Oh James Oh Oh hold on Jones this Jones
but someone also gave us a URL which I
think has this oh yeah hey Jones fuckin
sweet now we can actually fucking real
properly start thank you whoever sent us
that Santa is that alright that's not my
screen is missing Oh oh my god 25 thing
which is bad oh there yeah we're gonna
need that there's information up there
yes okay how do we fix this that's
picture size is that in here yeah
no no no no no that's just the way it
wants to display that's just the way it
great
friggin there we go let's do it let's do
it
all the time so what am i doing look
around to the menu on my TV is in my way
yeah behind I'm behind the will of my
personal car Marie that's the prostitute
I married at the end of the last game
talked me into trading in my sports car
for this sensible compact model stupid
wife already I already regret this
marriage what the hell am i doing that a
whore tell me what kind of drive a nice
manly car before and I'm driving this
sissy vehicle I'm happy because she lets
me stick it in places I didn't think she
would that's a great the one advantage
to marrying a prostitute you can put it
anywhere literally any way
hey baby bring that elbow over here mmm
you ever had a woman sneeze come on your
balls I have it wasn't as nice as I
thought it would be quite frankly what
it why did you think it would be nice
why don't you think that would be nice
that's weird how do I get his car yes
yes let me make sure the keys are out of
the ignition that would be wise the text
isn't severe I take the keys for my
ignition so that was a smart thing to do
I got a point for that it made a noise
yeah there you go
I'm uh-oh they can see it all like they
can see the topic no good my Ken yeah
you guys can see it you guys can see
everything you guys can see everything
that were saying so can't see text well
there is no text right now so yeah you
can see everything we can see so there
is no text we can't see the text boxes
Oh Oh er wait in the glove compartment
you see hold on let's see if this shows
up hold on hold on I'm I'm waiting
why wouldn't I well you can see him type
then he looks in the glove box and then
why the hell would that not display I
have no idea yeah you guys cannot see
the text boxes that's weird
what the fuck that's really weird I
can't even understand that yeah yeah
does that show up are we gonna have to
do a thing where where we will see we
have to just watch it small and do a
screen capture we can do that we've done
that before I think I think that's how
we had to play it last time you just do
a screen capture like that disable vsync
ah you have a solution yes I have a
janky solution rich has a janky xela
good oh yeah it shows up when it's
little that's weird that is so weird
so just do a screen capture and oh
that's this is janky solution yeah oh my
god nope nope go back there go back to
the way it was we're gonna fix this
we're gonna fix it we're gonna fix this
Hey
we're gonna fix this
yes or I could do a Game Capture go to
monitor capture or a screen capture yeah
window capturing yeah window cap that's
a good idea yeah and then just capture
the bat over there
obviously you have to take us off and
then sub reach up
yeah some reagent that gonna work
I know great
yeah you got it
you have to yeah click okay
we're terrible you know it's been a
while since we've streamed da stuff okay
so now click on the game so there there
yeah there we go
whoo did it we did it everybody we did
it we made it through but you know we I
said we weren't starting until 7:00
anyway so you know technically oh that
was me like the tune of mind I mean we
were early
and so this fuck off hurry is you know
we could have been spending this time
instead of streaming getting this ready
but we didn't and so we're here we're
here there we go
all right bring up the thing the the
magic thing with the names oh okay ah
the magic thing with the names I kept
that this one good Renata's oh my Garf
room GRA n a n des DZ sorry
Gooden it is alright okay hold on
I've on mage says in the GS trailer GS
goes wait not sure a boom mic is shown
in the Gaga oh there must be a
Ghostbusters a boom mic is shown in the
Gaga's reflection giving you $2 is money
better spent than getting a GS ticket
lol fuck my ghost cock and cheer up rich
I'm sure full rich is very cheery you
know we you know we did we got shit done
this week no shit no shit we on Friday
films the interview with Greg and Gareth
sorry Greg Garth from Firaxis had a
great interview that interview is gonna
be up tomorrow by the way so a heads up
and today before live streaming right
now we filmed two episodes of previously
recorded yes two episodes in the can
yesterday we filmed an episode of
something else boom and
is also another project going on behind
the scenes play going on
there is a crazy amount of shit getting
done at the moment I'm working on
building a giant thing yep we're looking
at we're working around the clock now
there's gonna be so much content you
guys you're gonna freak the fuck out
it's gonna be crazy
okay let's do this rich looking glum baz
mugs looking glove box the glove
compartment I see my god registration
and my LBD business card you know what I
don't I don't know what the fuckin OPD
Oh Lydon Police Department business guys
take good card why not get God I mean
you might want like a your badge but
that's not in the glove box do you want
me to you want me to get that from the
glove box I think that's that in the
glove box it's really of cards are you
one the goofballs I'm on the coupons all
the goofballs clothes glove box open
door okay okay okay
Oh close the door automatically because
that's what I do look at how advanced
this is compared to police quick you can
see that I'm wearing a jacket the flag
is waving flag waving I'm more than five
feet tall things are coming up roses for
me Betty buds here we go and open door
the door scope god damnit use key in
door what if whatever is an emergency in
like some poor victim of a mugging needs
to run into the police did you know fuck
off because we don't care with the
police we only solve the crimes we feel
like solving boy the key to murder
no you need the correct key okay
I don't have I grabbed my keys goddamn
it did you grab your keys you kidding
money kid you forgot oh I did the first
time and then the thing got Rika
jiggered get you go and get your keys
Sonny look at you you're a mess
when it got married you got a little car
you're a mess man I hate mondays don't
don't worry van the real van we're gonna
save all oh another car came we're gonna
save the game yeah absolutely
when that little car get there I don't
know
BQ 2 1 P Q 2 1 that's the name of this
savory look at car backed in the latter
unmarked cars private cars and sometimes
a mock police cruiser there you go
you're in the I am in the parking lot of
litmus newly remodeled police station
this is the detectives entrance oh
that's why it's locked like there's a
main entrance it makes some lot of sense
i unlock and open the door but I don't
like it behind me because I don't give
no fucks look around the hell if someone
are we looking at this through a
peephole yes
I mean Linton's newly remodeled police
station I'd like to keep said keep
reminding myself that it's been
remodeled because I I'm constantly
getting lost I think I'm in the old
police station but that's God now they
turn it down I think they put up weapons
at a Taco Bell Taco Bell
I'm fine American food that's really
Mexican but we made it our own because
that's what we Americans do we invade
and take over and make things our own we
turn on American things in the good
old-fashioned American Pie my making it
blend mass-produced
this is the hall there's several doors a
coda and an evidence window okay yes I'm
gonna walk into this door because hey
it's a door oh oh god oh Jesus hello
people
the NAG annex office is equipped with
five deaths of file cabinet and various
items hanging on the wall and what of
the desk is a computer this is how but
this is this is mechanics which is not
my department so I'm just gonna mosey on
out hey rich
yes fisted buy dope smoke I wanted to
give us a tip wanting to know if we
could move our faces to the other side
of the screen so that they can see
what's being typed in a text box also
that's not a bad idea
I like that suggestion that was worth $2
you get the sunny bonds seal of approval
okay I've seen that it right it's
easy-peasy
now it'll be a little weird because when
we're watching the game we're gonna be
kind of looking off screen but that's
fine that's fine whatever whatever hi
everybody
look around okay
what good but you know we don't need to
see yes I was distracting you it's
distracting me seeing me yes look around
I need to I need to say out loud what
I'm going to see and do and yeah this is
the homicide office which I should know
I work here every day the homicide
office is equipped with five deaths file
cabinet a locker and various other items
hanging on the wall on whether than one
of the desk is a computer or computer
like one of those fancy things that I
don't trust one of those fancy comp you
traitors like in my day we use the paper
and pen and that's all we needed look at
computron that they're gonna walk closer
but my partner Keith takes a deep puff
and says
they say sorry I heard that dirtbag you
sent up the river last year's back in
town for a retrial in their name Baynes
something like that I'm gonna point out
a couple things not that I don't
disapprove of that voice from it's kind
of a mobster voice which is an
interesting choice for a a cop detective
partner and this is this is now this is
the opportunity for the goofiest team up
in the world
this really is secondly you're probably
gonna be doing this voice a lot yeah as
this is the partner Jesus so I want you
to keep that in mind
hmm well buddy's a smoker
right so he needs to have a little gruff
voice maybe it maybe I'll do Columbo for
him then you know um yeah yeah say Sonny
I heard that dirtbag you sent up the
river last year back in town for retrial
his name our Baynes
you just got remind me what his name is
what did they you can do babe his name
was babe oh yeah that's what I thought I
was talking to my wife the other day and
I told it at yeah not on the screen I
think this is still your oh maybe this
time I you could put them away for the
duration huh it just seems like the
garbage of this world gets gets every
chance known to man no that's good
that's good oh that desk is a computer
look at the computer you might add oh my
god it's got a separate screen oh Jesus
apparently cierra computer games famous
for making just simple adventure games
apparently they've made their own
computer that's probably a piece of shit
they can only run Sierra game you know
they run Sierra games poorly the device
that just runs games
why what a horribly unsuccessful idea
that would be you're throwing your money
down the toilet by buying a thing that
only plays games
no one's gonna want one games are a
waste of time and I love nothing to do
with them
Arnold Rimmer says stoke me a clipper oh
my god I'll be back for Christmas this
thing runs on command prompts when where
does this nut I can't click on anything
because where it does I've just had a
flashback use the computer to play
police quest to do it run police quest
to see : command
run no there's something for searching I
forget what it is oh well oh god I don't
know ok I miss my bunch of other people
I don't know how to use this newfangled
device it's it's too new and innovative
oh my god I did I didn't miss a bunch of
your tips you're right
that I don't know why that happened
let's see here
Ryan Villa say any of you at rlm seen
them TR Thank You Jed the lost skeleton
of cod davara I think it's pretty
hilarious I have not seen it uh amber
sauce says did you receive the coffee I
sent it may not get there until Monday
any coffee come in the mail you were
here yesterday no I haven't seen coffee
I haven't seen coffee yet looking
forward to it
Jack and rich cut to the chase and talk
about how the Ghostbusters trailer stuck
suck stupid pants hello we did what do
you want me to talk to you about
ghostbusters forth here is 1986 the
Ghostbusters a nice manly men good hard
working blue color men and they weren't
tough dirty grimy jobs got a job that
only a real man's man can do you're not
gonna get in trouble for those times no
sissy women can handle that kind of work
catching ghosts maybe a secretary didn't
testosterone for catching ghosts nice
manly men doing things you don't need no
women no crack no women women crack it
some kind of stupid crack that things
can get in ectoplasm gets everywhere you
know god bless you rave Aikman and begun
and you do great work for America you
keep the women of this world safe safe
in their homes where they can cook from
the ghosts got to keep them women say
from the ghosts is way too scared of
ghosts you know they just can't handle
ghosts they're not even playing the game
at this point we get now we got it done
with we got it we got it out of our
system of course it's sucked everybody
knows it sucks now the movies gonna
second that's fine everything's going
from okay my desk is equipment drawers
have phone a message basket and a lamp
check out that message basket looking up
basket
licking basket and the best can I see a
subpoena which is very important yes you
pick up an I pick up and read the
subpoena sometimes I like to talk about
myself and the third person
perfectly manly thing to do written
something my dad you say doctor dr. doom
what your dad is dr. doom you are
commanded to appear in division for
superior guard of the city the city of
Lydon as a witness for the people and
the retrial matter against the defendant
Jesse Bane's
notification of time and date will
follow I can't believe what I've just
read just as the memory of this rat was
passing into oblivion he's a back for a
retrial that rats that rat bastard drug
dealer he's probably a commie too
definitely account me what else is on my
desk I'm going to look at desk I talk
about third person because can't pay
late sometimes I also just say what I'm
going to do house I just love the idea
that you really just do that like you
walk into the office guy I'm gonna look
at my desk now it's like fucking bombs
again yes look you don't need permission
bonds just look at you desk let me open
my drawer sighs I said I have to sit
down first because I have manners can't
open the doors drawers standing up
that's just rude hello from Chicago says
BG 12,000 rich how did you become a fan
of the Windy City Thunder bolts and the
frontier league in general ah
and also do you follow the Brewers no
the Brewers are fine I just have no
emotional investment to them okay every
White Sox and MLB as far as the
thunderbolts go Karen Ashley asked me to
go for the first time oh yeah this
before I got into baseball yeah sure
sure and then I went oh that was really
fun and they played five minutes for me
so we just went constantly there's like
five bucks to go to a game and get
front-row seats she's fucking great
nice nice cheap seats some some people
who actually care about baseball and not
the bazillions of dollars they're making
you know okay there apparently I I hit
the right pixel that would let me sit
down oh well cuz your chairs on that
side didn't you were behind it didn't
look like it share it did not look like
a chair all right here we go okay you
open I'm now going to open the drawer oh
that's a good question he's a torture on
should be double check oh yeah I
remember yeah it's it's up there let me
make sure I turn it on yeah okay it is
thank you for reminding us watcher is on
I need to unlock the dry keep locking
things and forgetting their lack that
forget I think maybe I have all time is
Alzheimer's Alzheimer's I can't remember
how to say that word which which is
really troubling actually early dementia
rich it's not it's unusual for someone
so young that was don't you know what
that means later don't worry oh oh oh my
god this thing's in here look there's a
there's a 3ds in there look that's my
desk drawer contains a thank-you letter
and my wallet Oh Jay keep in my drawer
and not on my person you have to go to
work to get your wallet that's right
I don't I don't need to have my driver's
license on me to drive my car I'm a cop
I'm a white male I don't need a driver's
license ever
who's gonna pull me over well I grabbed
my wallet look at Wallin this is a black
wallet good old-fashioned plain black
wallet opening it the first things I see
on my detectives gold shield which I
prize more than my wife and my little
piddy identification guard I don't have
the note so I can't look at it get note
I see a leonard not a note in the drawer
because i'm very technical things have
to be done by the pocket to the letter I
won't do them
a poopy poop card for my good friend
Murray Wilkins who really I should say
wife on it is the message sunny thank
you for telling my life around love
Murray because you know she was a whore
my wife was a filthy whore
I don't know why I degraded myself by
marrying her but we talked about this
earlier many holes but I can fuck her
nostril that's the thing we've
established because she's a whore she's
good because she's a whore
that well there you go smacks lips
please quest yes I would have funded a
Kickstarter to support this dream barn
we missed her chance looking at the
board I'm looking to the board at board
look to the board and then look at the
board I scan the bulletin board and see
the shooting schedule below the board is
a rack of khakis the shooting schedule
indicates that I am behind on my scores
Oh No I've got to get better you know
what I'm gonna get better right now yeah
let's go let's go shoot figured a gun
what sit here I'm gonna open this door
oh my god is it lucky people pooping I
want a gun let me find a shooting range
that's what I need to do I need to shoot
my gun what's this room
look at your filth you're a poor excuse
for a cop you just leave your trash all
over the floor with a perfectly good
unused waste paper basket right next to
it
what is wrong I can't appreciate you
what is wrong with you
the burglary office bunch of goofs
bottom feeders is furnished with regular
stuff because that's all they deserve
bulletin board deaths of wall lamp a
bookcase and a computer
hold on anonymous oh damn yes I'm
getting a rekt yeah
wait you probably need to talk need to
talk to him done first I'm just gay gets
so excited then it's anonymous with like
say dear rlm keep an eye out in the
future for Netflix's altered carbon it's
based off of a favorite book of mine
same title about a body swapping super
soldier surrounded by conspiracy and
murder
ok ok anonymous altered carbon also hey
you hack frauds do you grind your own
coffee beans I do yes always always
grind your own because then you can get
then it stays fresher longer and you can
get the exact right make sure I give the
next male character a Donald Trump voice
don't forget to add tremendously before
every other abject adjectives ok great
I will do so this is the shooting range
each officer is expected to maintain a
proficient level in weapons training
I see weapons officer get Mills standing
behind the equipment counter hello Ken
says up here's what I want to say to you
what's the game plan fella
not a great trump but a tremendously
important one I'm not sure what you want
me to do so I'm just going to do
everything alright
ask for a gun so I have a gun which mine
what's my inventory inventory I am
carrying a keyring a money clip
thank-you letter well it at an LPD
business guy you do not have a gun the
guns in here I probably have to go to my
locker and get a gun oh I'm getting my
gum you know I know you Sierra games I
know if I walk into that shooting range
I'm prepared
I'm probably accidentally gonna get shot
as something so you don't know I'm not
ignorant
they're real consequences consequences
for actions in this world and by the way
crows teeth yes I am I am 100% confirmed
coffee snob huge coffees now
I'm gonna look around now the lack of
room has three rows full-sized lockers
two benches a wash basin with mirror and
ford toilet stalls I wait take a moment
save a game nice girl save your game the
chat is reminding us I might I might
accidentally open up at the door and see
somebody's Wang and that'd make me gay
we wouldn't want that and then it's game
over it is game over forever
you know that's what happens if you see
another man's Wang right you turn into a
game and then it's just game over
automatically you can't vote you can't
get married to a woman immediately it's
like you see another man's Wang and and
animalistic bloodlust comes over a cock
loss what do you mean the gays can vote
now what is America good to back in my
day you had to bring your wife to the
voting booth have intercourse with her
to prove you could vote to completion
which was a which lock is yours I'm
looking for the one that's just any
bonus market probably over here alright
sure
the name on this vac rocker Lakha reads
s bonds on this rocker fine not a
substantive name I'm very proud of it
telecom wants to make sure by the way
that we do make at least one character
sound like Dan or Don Wilson okay we'll
see well we'll say me if a character
fits the bill
I've done Wilson I think I just when I
do that I think that has to be just
complete improv I don't know if I could
read lines like that it wouldn't have
the same energy
you wouldn't know well you know what but
if we see if maybe a character is loud
and boisterous and Don's whole thing
goes he'd go anywhere right listen we'll
see what's the first numbers become
assuming it's in the manual oh God but
I'm not sure hold on I have the manual
I'm gonna I have the manual you're right
I'm gonna search my wallet maybe it's in
there radio codes vehicle codes in the
back of my wallet I find my scuba diving
certificate so I think we can assume
that's going to come into play oh I got
a point for that that was a good thing I
did barely apparently read my business
guy it says LBD sunny buds detective oh
there actually is a whole computer
procedures the thing in here oh nice
you're looking at the shooting range
procedures too okay well this is all
very good this is all very you're gonna
use that shooting range but I need to
get my gun that's gonna be in the locker
and I need to open the locker
so it's either in the manual or I have
to find this in the world somewhere
maybe in the world I'm checking the
manual what would good old-fashioned
American luck accommodate should be Y 1
2 3 4 of course 1 2 3
better try again ok I say I told you I'm
getting the Alzheimer's I have to see a
doctor immediately after I bust some
bugs because that comes first busting
Punk's that's the life of a cap in the
streets and the filth
I'm sorry what the who the what in the
who
cavitation what's another American
number twelve twelve is a good artist
number I like it
well-rounded and second number is gonna
be something even four four and then and
then zero for the third number because
we don't need a third it's a waste of
space I don't agree with it a third
number do I know my lack of combination
no I don't I have to go find my locker
combination I know gonna go look at my
car for my locker combination I don't
see a locker combination in the manual
so it's gotta be in the world somewhere
here rich opened door you think it's in
your car I don't it's all I got
could it be in your desk it might be my
desk we just looked at my desk and there
was no number sure behind the wheel of
my personal car we already talked about
this trade it in my nice car because my
whole life
and it's long like that Tiberius Kirk
says your combination is 36-24-36
bah-bah-bah nananananana no no no no no
no no maybe a baby I put it in my car
registration who knows let's check it
out probably not this vehicle's
registration careful examination reveals
that this car belongs to study bonds why
that's me the registration should stay
in the car so I returned to the glove
box okay what's not what's what's on
your person again what's in your
inventory oh yeah close the box get out
of car you're sitting in your car like a
crazy person and we've established that
I have Alzheimer's okay what's in your
in the door what's in your box in your
pockets keyring a money clip thank you
letter while it in my LPD business card
this is your wall surge wallet yeah
you're not taking anything the back of
my wallet I find my scuba diving
certificate we've already done this what
kind of crazy med would put there like a
combination under scuba drivings diving
certificate that just makes no sense
you're a crazy man I'm tell me you're a
crazy person there is this my scuba
diving certificate it's a good proper
certificate with no vandalization
happening on the certificate has it
hasn't even uh like a little stamp on it
okay wait wait look at your um look at
your business card we did that too did
we yes LPD Sonny bonds detective
turnover card oh my god Jackie is some
kind of amazing genius I'm just saying
what wasn't up 36 for 12 oh my god they
were I thought you were being crazy a
crazy person with the whole two-digit
number thing there you go there you go
boom who's that talk to him we were kind
of right what we added 12 and a for just
another right order we don't have 36
that's true
look at mad look at man talk to man
hello man I watched as traffic officer
Mario Gillespie books evidence the only
thing lower than a burglary officer is a
traffic officer an Italian traffic
Italian traffic officer we're keeping an
eye on you
just seppies sippy what whatever you
booking the spaghetti in evidence again
you get out yeah yeah I can you can bet
your wires temps 36 boom four boom 12
boom ooh
and of course I have a picture of a
woman yes a fine woman too good to
remind you constantly of your
heterosexuality the rejected I put her
in her place the kitchen where she could
make me a sandwich while I put up this
poster of a half-naked woman she cried
but that just meant she knew what was up
that is my wife Alzheimer's I forgot I
look at this picture at the beach
Maria's sighted love Marie what a girl
look at look at the gams on that girl
right there
and look at that that's my gun that's
the real beauty in this scene look at
gun my luck it contains my handgun extra
ammo clips and handcuffs look at looking
and that need to use the word logically
in this game because that is just too
much emotion has far too much emotion
and you're right I need to really did
keep it on the inside rich you love your
gun we know this my gun and holster are
on a hook get guns yeah Oh ammo try to
conceal erection get backups bend over
to slightly conceal your erect penis
boom
what are they what are they gonna
receive
Oh gun range procedures I'm on it I'm on
it I'm on it okay shooting around
procedures you have to type load gun or
use the function key listed in a
pulldown menu to load your gun type
raise gun to and then use the
directional keys to adjust your aim type
fire gun
if the sights on your gun need to be
adjusted type adjust sights I'm assuming
we'll need to adjust our sights use the
arrow keys to adjust the windage and
elevation screws each time you press an
arrow key the windage or elevation
screws will rotate one position with a
little practice you can improve load
gudden raise gun aim okay header heart
heart go for the heart that's the kill
shot by a gun that was the procedure
right I didn't I didn't mess that up
you got that by the book I should
protect my ears god damn it there's no
there's nothing in here about protection
areas you got to go talk to that guy
maybe there here a shelf beneath the
table holds extra targets the target is
positioned by the buttons on the left
wall that's fine
exits isn't it there's nothing in here
about protection it probably does I say
I have Alzheimer's I don't remember
these things that I should know because
I come here every day and knowing me I
almost certainly fire my gun off every
day mr. goat says stick fingers in here
then raise gun Oh Trump hmm all right
I'm gonna give you this ear protection I
just need you to return them when you're
through because we're turning them is
what makes this police station great if
I remember to remember all scientists
this is what's gonna happen
plug ears with gun
okay so we're probably have to adjust
the size use protection I thought that
sickens me okay
your gun looks huge I don't think I'll
need to load it again but we'll see
checking my gun I see that the clip is
not yet empty and so I do not reload as
that would make no sense raise gun okay
raise gun yeah so now make sure that
your aim sights are somewhere that you
can replicate so like lower lower than a
little bit right there so like it's it's
on the let it's on the skinny at the
very highest skinny one so then we can
adjust aim as necessary
firing fun buy buy a gun Oh gun of
course you have fun you will not need to
use the word fun in this game once again
I got too emotional let me let me really
back real bad you could fun is not in
this game's dictionary fire
Oh God that felt good fire my god again
and again and again fuck yeah ok ok
let's take a look let's take a look
lower your gun fire gun Oh like click
Gloria gun now let's check on your
target oh no you need to press the
button to brace do you want me to be on
the streets later to have some punk gun
me down because I was out of ammunition
right push my bottom button sure no I'm
a man I'm gonna push the top button or
you could look at the buttons maybe to
see you and your logic let's see which
one says which there two buttons on the
wall of the booth
what is labeled view and the other is
labeled back let's view yeah that's way
off ok shut is on you are up and to the
left my gut is shooting high into the
left you were correct your assessment
system let's just sites just sites you
screw ok so wait
use the arrow keys to agile the windage
and elevation screws each time you press
an arrow key the windage or elevation
screw will rotate one position so you
want to you want to lower elevation one
good that's it
and you want to which way does it go I
don't know two more yeah yeah okay okay
good
and so now try firing and see if we're
closer but I miss rich yep enter the
nude code by opening the console and
typing some stuff no okay no no what are
you some kind of hippie wear clothes
like an American comb your hair okay
raise gun
boom okay never again let's just let's
check it out
my shit modern games don't do this
that's right this is awesome and I'm
sure there's gonna be something later
where we need to be really we're still
awesome we didn't do it near enough oh
well shit
well shit you're right rich go into
overwatch
okay yeah check it out checkout it
coming
two bad cats is coming next month on
steam gun a sight adjustment simulator I
would believe that yeah bear simulator
fine with us no I think this is great
and this is probably gonna come in handy
later like maybe have to shoot at
someone and and if we're not super
accurate right hey I think we're good
enough is that where you were aiming I
just needed to do it a lot more and I
did okay you set my sights up properly
aligned boom
now that we have a 3ds capture card what
are we planning on streaming with it
whatever they don't the only game I I
have two games for it so far I have a
link between worlds and I got pokemon
yellow because i wanna play pokemon but
it's it's just another thing we can use
now which I'm very excited about that
was my backup plan I did bring it with
in case J was here my backup plan was
should I fire that last bullet you don't
have one boy yeah it thinks maybe so I
can change the ammo so if I need more
than one bullet later I'm not fucked
sure what are how many clips I have you
can get a mold from the dude oh okay
that's good to know get ammo from the
dude let's go for a headshot
the real Vance is guys I'm so happy
right now thanks for this Yuri watch the
first game to match up all the funny
voices right well rich now Sonny bombs
yeah and I don't know if anyone else
will be in the game cuz this you know in
a different place probably collect
the 3d is oh i hain't it away it was
they were oh were you aiming for the
head yeah nice nice I don't remember
exactly the name of the company that did
it if you google like 3ds capture card
though they're one of the first to come
up but it took five months to get it
five months
for realsies and and I have it now but I
ordered it I ordered it in October
October first

[Part II]
October 1st Trump ok bonds he's 2 full
clips of fresh ammo but I want to let
you know something I'm not giving these
to you for free we work for our ammo
here we gotta work for it like every
American should the death angel is back
and the death angel was Lucas and your
chief is still Mickey Mouse was he and
the Jail Warden guy is the solvent for
Southern California surfer dude oh yeah
that's right all right great yeah hello
Sonny
oh this is Big John
nothing I just walked over here and you
bothered me you will not need to type in
bothered so what are we doing now
something's gonna happen right well I'm
sure there's one more thing you have to
do I guess we had to go to the court for
the subpoena we have to wait for this
subpoena to come up oh there's pride
Colombo oh here it is
Oh Bonds I'm glad you came I'm glad you
came here we got bad news Jesse Bane's
has escaped Linton City Jail let's go
bust some Punk's not only ICO is the
kept out well not only is he escaped
captain says he took he took the jailers
hostage
Oh Oh No Banzai I've named Andrew Parker
keep the special task force with the
code name target
won't you answer anyhow cause I might
have any ugly glistrup at my truck shot
at poking and get all this manually oh
okay
find a mug shot how do I find a mug shot
mug shots but with maybe in this cabinet
I can find a bug shot there you go
captain Mouse and Keith Columbo have a
sad hmm there it is
Jesse Bane's boom look at that asshole
right there
this man is a punk he's a punk look at
Punk I can only look at one fire I'm
just so enthusiastic for my work as a
police officer homicide detectives that
dominoes scars caused by bullets look at
that's because that's where I shot that
that scumbag thing yeah sorry I can
think faster up for a second thing oh my
god oxygen you're right it's been more
an hour let's stand up
I understand up fine if it's the proper
thing to do I'll do it break stand up
people feel good about ourselves
make make our bodies feel nice rich is
left
got shit my pockets too I'm gonna take
all that shit out of my pockets
great great
ah I'm gonna stat the timer now like I
should have in the first place like I
should have in the first place always
set your timer always be setting timers
boom an hour
great great
Donald scars caused by bullets yeah oh
my god rich yeah can you in the
captain's voice remark that you feel
like something someone stuck a big club
up your ass and that it hurts lol fuck
my samurai cop oh shut up my ass hurts
well there you go you just went pee does
that kind of standing up as long as you
stood up first and then pee yes okay all
right look at mug shot you're already
looking at it it's right there rich
Sonny it's right there Sonny
take mug shot thanks I think I already
did that now
boom
urban vermin maybe we'll be reviewing
3ds games that weekend now which is the
nice thing I do have the munch on during
great
what are you captain tells you grab the
mugshot out and to answer phone calls I
want you to take all the color take all
the calls regarding this so with
anything remotely related that's what he
said yeah oh you you go ahead Padma I'll
be right out I got it I got it talk to
my wife go to the diner
I wasn't Kate Mulgrew wasn't she
Columbus wife when we talking about Kate
Mulgrew they were talking when she was
mrs. Columbo she was mrs. Columbo yeah
she had her own spin your eyes Mattel
she did oh yeah and that one day I
completely forgot about oh there you go
Kate Mulgrew rich just typing enhance
over and over again until the crime is
solved I get it you get it okay well
okay where's your radio do you have your
radio she's probably got my keys you
should get your keys and your radio oh
is that another thing oh I just assumed
that you'll need that I don't know I'm
hold on you're not reading the chat and
finding things are you oh god no
let's see radio procedures respond to
all radio transmission as required
according to police regulations avoid
unnecessary radio transmissions required
equipment shoulder hosts holster
department-issue handgun handcuffs
department-issue ammunition clips patrol
car keys department-issue field kit
which includes fingerprint powder
fingerprint brush fingerprint tape
casting powder glass vial eyedropper
plastic baggies and camera oh my god
we're gonna find all that shit well I
think that's in the field kit where's
the field kit I don't know maybe it's in
the maybe you talked to the supply guy
you need the field kit move the keys
from the board boom
now we're so you need a radio and you
need a field kit maybe you don't need a
radio it doesn't say you need a radio
my spell might feel wrong f IE yeah did
I have a typo
I had a typo I guess I can't use that
right now rich field kit he is not here
he is not maybe it's in the car and
field kit I never heard of it nobody see
the video kick these games work now
oh my god we didn't save rich save hold
on okay it's a is that your trunk I'm
assuming this thing was quite a car we
take this I had to grab the keys this is
car down there homicide detective use no
traffic cop car I am offended ha ha I am
offended sir sir maybe take the other
car the blue ones been there the whole
time
yeah it has I remember the last camera
let's try inspect the car we don't want
the card blow up again backed in the
ladder unmarked cars private cars and
sometimes a marked police cruisers yeah
remember the last thing we didn't walk
around the car it would blow up oh my
god you're right you drove I don't think
we have to do that I'm just in case just
in case I know Sierra they like fucking
you over oh yeah okay let's see here
radio procedures shooting range
procedures police computer procedures
felony arrest procedures the use of
firearms in course of duty homicide
investigation procedures gather evidence
notify the coroner conduct interviews
analysis of evidence
there's nothing about inspecting cars oh
yeah well wait upset it what's the rush
anyway what's going on Keith looks like
Donald Trump look at that hair you can
do nothing you just switch it up if you
want you hear the radio careful Oh
perfect for keep grads my can answer
that dispatch 5/3 married to go go ahead
with the traffic well I born so I cringe
captain Fletcher hollows angry
tournament where are you pawns y'all
haven't followed orders get back here no
would you do what you do I don't know
you say oh my god it just goes we better
show some results soon son yeah he'll
have a badges you can't begin do that
hey boy just in case you don't know it
we have a police department run noclip
rushing around hello
oh god free information get the box that
would be so lucky if you could just
check in with me won't you out shiver
might have something you do tell us one
fuck you've no no oh shit Wow Wow your
objective sorry good money I'm gonna
replace your goofy nose would you tell
them to do well I think I found the
murderer they're both the captain well
you're on the phone you dickhead alright
what am I supposed to do that I'm the
mist in the dialogue I I don't I don't I
don't know some bitch some some bitch
you missed something me balmy bowls is
excited to see some 3d I highly
recommend a Super Mario 3d Land I bet
even rich would have a go also consider
Professor Layton
I love the Professor Layton games a lot
of fun a lot of fun logic puzzles I
remember okay
duckie you will you need your field kit
you need a radio of some sort right
vehicle code penal code
I have a Star Wars shirt on because I
don't hate the movies I like the
original movies
I'm okay with the Star Wars universe I
don't love it is the thing but the
internet only understands extremes plus
the shirt was clean and relatively new
yeah sometimes I based my shirt
decisions on what is clean this was one
of those cases
oh great look out feeling cornered
trapped could be we have to find the kid
yeah I think we might have to find the
kit but I just have no idea
you're not close enough doc dr. Mann huh
what's in that door burglary
locker room burglary homicide and
narcotics rich you have a request yeah
Tapan sorry shut the fucking dare okay
um mochi hasn't has an idea head back
into your office oh yeah there is
there's a locker over there it's hard to
tell but check out that locker
hello the lot nope no no and that one
not over to that one that was a good
guess though that's good go talk to the
guy who gave you a mo hmm Darren okay
yeah maybe he's got oh no just walking
by oh there could I help you nope they
go you can't get that there wasn't
coffee
you can't get it you can't get it you
can't get that didn't give me here's
what I'm gonna say I want you to look at
the size of my hands tell me what you
think about him there's a nice size
hands don't you think maybe if they were
a little bit bigger I could get you that
case tell me my hands are big that was
my fault because so busy doing the
Mickey Mouse voice yeah I wasn't really
paying attention to what he was saying I
think you need to go back to Big John we
already do what do you want to talk doc
wait your turn
balls meet clack and I like that I like
the fact that which saves the chat so if
you watch oh oh you saw me how can I
help you get KITT one of the boobs in
poor clothes no okay good
okay that's interesting this implies
that I can get it in here right you
can't get that versus close enough to
what there's no way what bin that's a
bin
counter right yes oh look at counter
builds on the back of the counter our
lock storage bins which should really be
in front somewhere or you can see them
come on game look at them yeah unlock
pin yeah
come on beep it a boo boo beep one small
ball says a nice clean shirt to go with
that clean check that Disney gave you
pack fraud confirmed oh and you're doing
making my oh you would you sell out and
we're gonna try and leave now we might
get fired you think that we'll see he's
talking on the phone he's talking on the
phone ah snake in the garden says hey
guys my Jack love mint I also bought a
video last week to play Issac playing
non-stop and still getting my ass handed
to me yes any similar games you'd
recommend PS thank you for the EU stream
last week we will try to make that you
Europe friendly stream a regular feature
perhaps the last week of every month the
what stream the Europe friendly stream
people seem to like that if you if you
like Isaac if you like the twin-stick
shooter that's hard as balls look up a
nuclear throne very similar very very
similar difficulty but more action than
Isaac I here I have traffic for you from
Murray 3 don't pretty one good side this
guy go ahead with your traffic
dispatches Bane by the way very are bugs
oh wait oh buzz oh no oh no
oh no suspended for two days womp womp
wah
even the hottest detective it needs to
follow orders rich can we just look this
up cuz this is something I've missed
this is this is different this is
different
he says you got answer to calls okay
well you can't talk to the captain now
who's on the phone
right you sit huh use phone no oh we
don't have any phone numbers
how do you throw subpoena oh god I have
no idea
your LBD business card so you still need
to get the kit and can you not you can't
talk to the captain at all it looks like
he's not on the phone as soon as you get
up is he gonna get on the phone again
looks like he's just drinking stuff
no no please I'm I'm eating ice cream I
just don't have the ear protectors oh
okay maybe you need to give those back
maybe you tried to steal your protectors
that's why you got fire my old ciphers I
told you about that oh thank you
so do we assume that's okay now or is
there something else I have to do
looking um we haven't really done much
in burglary look around in there no I
think oh oh go get your kit
don't forget think I have that no you
don't have it oh you did where did you
get that it was in the bin Oh
I saved afterwards oh okay good all
right great
I'm gonna sue this is everything yeah
maybe you know what maybe it is ironic
to remember about someone's Alzheimer's
all right rich there are procedures
there are procedures to be a policeman
you can't just you can't just
willy-nilly police yourself about turn
yourself all around that's what it's all
about
okay I'm sorry I was running behind yeah
now we're ready to go all right on our
travel file from three Mary one oh yeah
go god Howard to traffic dad now
dude do you think talk to the thing and
oh no you didn't do it
can you tell me where the stuff was I
didn't do I don't think anyone knows no
one knows what the assignment is hold on
okay
I can find this out
I can find this out you know why there's
a walkthrough
that's the first one huh go back up
scroll up everyone they're men that map
I guess they used a similar map which I
guess makes sense except yeah
let's see here get Baines file get
mugshot close file take car keys open
bin take feel-good codes might drive to
jail we can't do that go to the
narcotics office and speak to Lloyd
Pratt have you done that yeah okay hold
on that's good discover subpoena unlock
drawer get letter read letter get wallet
open wallet oh did you you didn't look
at the bulletin pretty sure huh I didn't
talk to anybody in narcotics oh hey hola
all because the drawer is now empty you
you look around there's one quite
interesting paper on captain halls desk
so go near it and look at papers go to
captain halls desk and look at papers
Miami ice cream pistachio write that
down
well sorry I'm usually having early know
your notebooks like ready and you can
whip that thing out or a moment's notice
right here I took it out of my pocket
took it out it I took it out of my
pocket earlier I'm here now I am here
now and getting to the end of yo
notebook Miami ice cream pistachio
passwords yeah
hey wait wait use computer now use
computer who do you have to talk to
narcotics oh wait it's time to somebody
narcotics I don't get both yeah but
we're not there yeah
that's that's later that's later no I
don't want to read everything I just put
her know what I want direction that's
all I really want I don't want solutions
necessarily oh well first and now you
have to look at bulletin boards near
window I think I think I already did
that did you yes look at board you scan
the ball board and see this you can tell
you blah blah blah behind your scores
great
Smithers you're so good at turning me on
this is you can use prompts like the dir
and CD yep okay mom Jason to sell you we
remember that murder by handgun alias
Marvin Hoffman Leroy Pearson flower
above left nipple yeah we remember all
this okay great
super hot super hot super what
Frank Sloane le right the don't move
Frank's scar on chest his beans okay
okay
sentence 97 years nice no parole for
murder
murder with dagger method of death yeah
method of death Oh that'd be a great
metal band name thank you for coming out
tonight we our method of death scar on
chest his veins okay
okay sentence 97 years nice no parole
for murder
murder with dagger method of death yeah
method of death Oh that'd be a great
metal band name thank you for coming out
tonight
we are method of death method of murder
method of death method of murder method
of death to teach gggggg Lonny West it's
from the last camera I believe yeah
sale of narcotics what else is in here
Mary is that our Mary no we have Mary
we have Marie that's all very
interesting I suppose what am i driving
yeah I am gonna start a growl core band
by there so what do we have to do one of
these or something I haven't I just have
no idea no no okay okay
yep I'm on many things mr. Beebe's
mostly lack of sleep and excessive
caffeine that's what I'm usually on cuz
I don't sleep very well and I drink lots
of coffee they're plugging themselves
the plug in the first game they might in
the sequel let's just make me urinated
what to plug in the first game in the
sequel so what's canon Jack what's Canon
where's reality begin and end where's
the wall wait so this is a game this and
this is in the sierra directory the
least quest in pursuit of the Death
Angel and at the brittle world of ice
drugs and homicide maybe they maybe in
in the game
there is a game based off of your real
life it's like King's Quest quest for
the crown just these aren't games these
are descriptions of games you're not
doing it right
let's completely bend reality let's have
that's that police quest 3 in here cuz
who cares
anything can happen brother that would
be great
directory command personnel have we
looked through the personnel for so now
yeah
pistachio or maybe Miami Miami because
it's a shorter word
I think ice cream was the one for
criminal wasn't think so yeah pistachio
I think pistachio wasn't over the other
no oh you were supposed to do that
Oh Mario oh we know that guy that
Italian traffic cop commendable
citations allegations what the
completely well all right the
complaining party alleged that after
being stopped for a traffic violation
officer gilepsy became belligerent and
verbally abusive okay great Calvin
Haynes traffic let's see here working
while working alone officer Haynes was
dispatched to cotton Cove to investigate
a report of one white male subject
harassing fishermen in the area pan
Haynes arrival he observed one nude
white male subject approaching his unit
why did he have his unit out fruits
can't stand him always waving around
their units another men it sickens me
what did he expect the man to do we saw
the unity turned gay before Haynes could
react the subject reached through the
open driver's window and ripped officer
Haynes badge off his uniform subject
then tossed the badge into the river
officer Haynes significant successfully
subdued kept the subject who was under
the influence of PCP note several
attempts at recovering officer Haynes
badge were unsuccessful censurable
reports none okay nice officer except
for the fact that he's gay now because
he saw another man's wing-wang so he's
so suspect James Simpson during the
final quarter of 1986 officer Simpson
was assigned to a traffic was assigned a
Traffic Division and was a member of B
sector team because he's lazy due to the
combined effort of the team reportable
accidents were reduced a total of 20
percent compared to the same quarter of
the previous year censurable reports
eight nine eight allegation
conduct unbecoming of an officer okay
during physical arrest of a child
beating suspect officer Simpson verbally
abused them with malicious intent spit
into the face of the suspect I find
nothing wrong with that I would have
beat him to a pulp myself I mean what
cops
finding sustained action two days
suspension without pay nice Adams
rubbered community involvement award for
his outstanding effort the founding and
promotion of the Litton police
scholarship fund for high school seniors
what a mouthful that one is sensible
reports five five seventy eight
allegation insubordination and failing
to maintain himself in a professional
manner what sergeant Adams during the
monthly staff meeting proceeded to
browbeat his superior officers while
using every four letter word known to
man I like him
four-letter words like liberals no
welfare socialism and action and
hard-working immigrant written reprimand
Laura what is Soto hottie
total babe commendable actions for 271
who relic rescue while jogging off-duty
officer waters spotted a small child
floating facedown in an irrigation ditch
officer waters wanted to say that its
jeweled I got something does a J and an O
like a really tiny J and a really tiny O
as we were pulled the child from the
water and applied CPR the child survival
was the direct result of her action
sensual censurable report
none sigh add a little bit the drink
before work today I figure it's okay
I've got Alzheimer's I can do whatever I
want I've got an excuse drink I don't
remember doing that nope nobody could
say anything st. Gatos I got a mental
condition had a mental brain thing what
do you mean I just opened another beer I
can't stand science but sometimes you
just got to learn to use it to your
advantage
I hate smart people they make me
uncomfortable with myself they think
they're smarter than me just because
they're smarter than me Jerome Williams
Willie commendable citations 69 81 gold
medal shooting event summit Police
Olympics
juh better than the regular Olympics
because they have police and police are
better than normal people that's why we
can do what we want when we want to do
it allegation misuse of sick time
finding sustained action today reduction
in pay there you go John Willis
commendable actions commendable
citations to 280 outstanding effort this
one's boring for some reason I really
know why this guy's sorry it said it's
not grabbing me there's too many numbers
and I don't like things that are smart
so I'm skipping this one okay Jones
Steve characters and the above date will
assign to Traffic Division officer Jones
became involved in a high-speed pursuit
of a stolen vehicle during the pursuit
the suspect nearly collided with several
other vehicles before spinning out a
freeway off-ramp as the suspect
attempted to regain control of the
vehicle officer Jones made the decision
to terminate the pursuit by ramming the
vehicle at low speeds this is really
fucking long suspect was placed under
arrest without further incident
Jim Walters is there anything useful in
any of these dependable that
departmental actions none this one's a
filler it's a filler file right oh my
god he's got a convocation officer
Walters has been tea
near the protective service unit
assigned to med Thomas G schmuck I I
instantly and automatically love bearer
Thomas G schmuck her outstanding effort
in this area of is duly noted
sensible reports none great ago Kim
Lloyd Pratt Medal of Valor officer Pratt
was wounded in the line of duty while
coming to the aid of a critically
wounded officer who had been hit with
gunfire from a heavily armed fugitives
Pratt after being hit in the right leg
returned fire and mortally wounded the
suspect like a good cop never aimed a
wound aim to kill or kill through a
wound which I guess is how every murder
by shotgun works really it's it's a
wound that causes the murder regarding
I'm just rambling now at this point if
y'all find the all-time is kind of like
citations RIS personal injuries having a
small child for burning vehicle whatever
I don't like children they're noisy
insubordination well that's not good on
duty drug consumption confidential in
fishing internal shame Lloyd Pratt might
be doing drugs on the job John Dooley
Dooley Dooley we've got a goofy name I
don't like him because he's got a goofy
name like good good old-fashioned proper
names not silly names de velas names an
end to the Y Dooley was instrumental in
breaking up the largest auto theft ring
in the history of Lytton which means one
car written is a very very small town
I can literally drive to the other end
of town in about two thirty seconds
really thirty seconds is all it takes
but then again I'm a cop and I can drive
as fast as I won Dooley arrested six
suspects because it was a clown car
and the cover to tell vehicles that were
still outstanding
censurable - puts nun laura watts Laura
why does Laura watts let's have some
more variety in our names people come on
experience and usually heavy rain
resulting in mudslides and road closures
while working Traffic Division officer
watts moving into an area while we're
commuter traffic and come to a stop
officer watts professional and
independent action was successful in
diverting traffic to an alternate route
which cleared a potentially explosive
situation because that's what you do
with women cops you have them direct
traffic meanwhile the men will stop the
murderers in the filth and get shot now
you go tell those cars where to go honey
make sure to write plenty of tickets so
we can afford our salaries because
that's the only reason there are tickets
we write tickets to justify the
existence of the police Oh
sensual reports being caught red-handed
making chicken tracks across the top of
Sergeant Dooley's deaths with a rubber
stamp this brought to light the true
identity of the infamous gremlin oh my
god the mystery has been solved the the
leftover mystery from police course it
was it was Laura Watts Laura Watts who
knew put the chicken on the desk she's
supposed to cook the chicken she did a
bad job James busy well I learned at the
office writing reports officer Pearson
encountered a hysterical man who advised
him that his wife was laying in the
backseat of his car giving birth to a
baby as women should do
calming the man down opposite person
successfully proceeded to aid in the
birth of a healthy baby boy
thank God the proud parents honored him
by naming their new addition James
censurable reports while assisting in
giving in in birthing the child
officer James that looked at a vagina
and that is unacceptable behavior of a
police officer that'll make you straight
never look at a vagina
oh wait what that'll make you straight
looking at a vagina it's the it's the
opposite of looking at a fetus wing-wang
a Willie a Jim Jim why am i censoring
him for looking at vaginas then he got
censured for that that doesn't make any
sense
Jaidyn been censored because I don't
like nudity
he got censored for that superior effort
and traffic management at the scene of a
double fatal chain reaction collision on
the Litton freeway
Oh oh my god officer Robertson's action
quickly brought the scene under control
and prevented further tragedy is there a
file on you yeah look at this look at
this magic me while working narcotics
division during 1980s it's funny because
I said it was 1986 earlier I guess it's
a little bit later than I thought it was
obvious and bonds received the key to
the city for his effort the arrest of
drug King Jesse Bates due to this effort
Baines was convicted and sent to prison
for murder drug trafficking illegal
gambling activities and the attempted
murder of a police officer boom since
suable reports none none censurable
reports one time he didn't walk around
his car before leaving he tried to leave
work before doing some vague thing that
is Mickey Mouse captain asked him to do
it stopped hiring mice as police
captain's never wigs oh right I don't
know that I need to do that right now
I'm just doing this something happens
maybe yeah this is the world
bronze-medal shootin why is the last one
the most boring one shooting event
bronze-medal that's great Wow Wow we
didn't save anybody or murder anybody
not every cop saves somebody by
murdering somebody else not everyone
could be like a superstar or a big
dickhead who's my last police file would
have been that officer who drove a car
off of a burning ramp to land on a drug
dealer that would have been my final
file and the police report drove his
burning car off of off of a highway ramp
parachuted out of the car while whipping
the middle finger at saddam hussein then
landed on a drug dealer he didn't he
didn't send the national anthem and
killed Muammar Qaddafi while saluting
the President of the United States a
team of children wept and applauded
having teach that having now taught the
children about the miracle of birth all
of them all of them children got married
to each other in man wife marriages the
good marriages honey huh oh you like to
hear one of my famous poem yeah no oh he
responded I said no oh okay fine I won't
leave me alone
Oh Cissy sure is nice weather we're
having yes
there's effect of the current conditions
of the outside world I'm just mentally
catching up with you I don't hate your
poem I guess it stopped a girl I'm here
don't be lloyd prep apparently slightly
out of touch with his surroundings your
old friend detective lloyd pratt slowly
looks up and says well slap me some
tracks and feed me a line mr. bonds
what's up name one crime I said we need
crime is up we need to stop crime I'm
not sure what you want me to do you get
out there and arrest some drug dealers
man you've got a gun you've got a car
you know what to do
Oh hold on we didn't read it - oh sorry
Lord Belmont
oh are you guys going to get the new hit
man and/or the division and do you know
if Jay has seen the witch yet I don't
know if JC know it yet sorry but I'm
busy here I can't help you with that
well what good are you the division I
thought the division was gonna be a
military game but I think it's a zombie
game there's like a whoa whoa okay
we don't know we don't have you there we
might talking talking to people in the
the Narcotics Division did nothing did
absolutely nothing - who's that who's
the one that was under investigation was
that Pratt don't remember talk to all of
them
I did do you talk to him about it the
investigation
so I can help you with that there drugs
oh hey I quietly turn Lloyd about the
ongoing internal affairs investigation
and I told him to stop using drugs I
didn't beg him because I never beg I
make demands and people listen Oh in a
clear voice Lloyd responds to you sunny
you are true friend I didn't realize how
bad off I was until I woke up yesterday
morning and I didn't know where I was I
made up my mind today I'm putting in for
leave of absence then I'm going to check
myself into a rehab imitation center
leaving Lloyd I wish him all the luck in
the world I know he's made the correct
decision because only used only losers
use drugs Jim this is your badge
this is your badge on drugs it looks
like Lloyd Oh take a look at Lloyd look
at him sitting there all fats right
like a sausage speaking of just say no
to drugs
rest in peace Nancy Reagan yeah yeah
yeah yeah whoo whoo kicked off this very
successful war on drugs that's another
one of those 94 how can you feel that
bad not bad at all no I see she was like
97 right anything after 90 it's sad it's
sad but it's not tragic after 90 really
it's a classic that's my limit for human
life
anything else for 90 he's just like I
can't believe you made it that far
only dope smoke dope 94 okay yeah you're
right 94 this bothers me the way it's
weird
and I'm doesn't bother me it bothers me
what I leaving again we'll see what
happens
wait can you talk to the captain now
that you've done some shit just to make
sure that's fair enough just to make
sure the captain doesn't have anything
for you I'm open the dog great oh wait
did you return the ear protection in
this save yes okay yes talk to Mickey
yeah we're smiling towards bond
talk to man what Jim is a muscular quiet
man he has nothing to say to you to
cover a new kindergarten right now
liking that dock viewer mr. bang find
the murderer then the kindergarten it's
time to go now yes I saved and I will do
it again for good measure very good
okay the wait did you put the Google
Wave kit did you put the I did that okay
preview safe okay heavy traffic just do
it just do it there's not bringing this
stream to a standstill who's your daddy
Oh what do they do wouldn't definitely
go through the day we need an Arnold
voice for a prominent character it's
gonna happen
Namah gets kind of an honest movies and
so everything I want to say is like I
know like it's like Jackie the egg don't
talk back
oh I love there oh no the boys every bit
of it okay okay hold on we spoke we
spoke to the Lloyd Pratt we asked him
about the drugs be patient we are coming
to that first you have to get some
equipment go to the locker room look at
the back of your LPD card open the
locker get gun from Locker you must have
forgotten ammo so take your ammo clips
handcuffs oh wait do you have to go
through the shooting thing again you
want you did this you saved leave range
using a projector and productive sight
change target we already we did all that
right when you're done exhaust current
ammo clip into target go back two miles
give your protection to him also get
ammo you have new ammo
mm-hmm
then Hall announces that Jesse Bane's
has escaped and assigns you to the case
open the cabinet get Bane's file you
have that you notice that there are two
photos of the bastard took the mugshot
maybe I didn't take the file when I
don't know hold on no get mugshot close
file close cabinet take car keys mm-hmm
go to the hall and open bin take filled
foot kit close bin open trunk put kid in
trunk on lock car drive to jail what the
fuck there's gotta be something we
missed
there's gotta be something we missed
hold on we use the computer we looked at
papers you opened your wallet you need
the file - I'll try and take the phone
that's what uh the real van saying you
need the file to give the gun to the
weapons officer no we give the gun when
we get to the when we get to the out of
my cold dead hand that's where you'll
get my gun we give we give the gun to
the prison guy remember and it won't be
a cold dead hand because I've got a gun
we might need to shoot again I don't
know I like but we already got the
points for that now I doubt it you can
only look at the file oh wait
and you can't take the file can you just
exit an hour get my shot you already
have that particular phonograph great
yep it just goes back there another name
we need for some ring I mean I guess we
could look at another method of murder
handgun no he's murdered let's see here

[Part III]
go again
to homicide office where captain Hollis
right announced that Jessie Bane's
escaping assigns you to the case open
cabinet get Bane's file you know sir two
photos get mugshot close file and close
cabinet take car keys from Rack near the
window go to the hall right behind open
bin yep I just don't know
thanks fisted by this if I don't look
says guys I'm super drunk I don't know
what the fuck you need to do that's that
doesn't help us tasted hmm are we
supposed to call somebody or something
right no worried everything for the
beginning for the walkthrough the
adventure begins when you detective
Sonny bonds are getting to work at
Litton police station first you have to
get keys from ignition now open
compartment and get LPD business card
you will need it later okay in order to
leave the car press f4 go to the police
station an unlocked door sit on a spare
SKU stool and look basket there you
discover subpoena unlock drawer get
letter and read letter get wallet you
can open wallet if you'd like to see
what inside because the drawer is now
empty
you will closed drawer stand and look
around there is one quite interesting
paper on captain halls desk so go near
it and look papers you can see some
words write them down they are passwords
to computer databank look bulletin
boards near window and you will see that
you're shooting scores aren't too good
don't worry you'll fix that pretty soon
use computer and turn computer on you
can use it as a primitive d OS based
system commands like dir and CD are
available feel free to dig around in
data banks but be sure to scan following
topics personnel Pratt Lloyd and
personnel Haynes Calvin where you had to
fill out the computer type quit and end
computer section go to the narcotics
office and speak to Lloyd Pratt he is a
drug problem
ask him about drugs
and you have saved Pratt from his drug
problem good work you must be thinking
now what about that shooting stuff P
patient we are coming to it first you
have to get some equipment go to the
locker room in order to get your locker
code look at back of LPD card now find
your locker an open locker get gun from
Locker you mustn't forget ammo so take a
mocha and take handcuffs clothes locker
while you are waiting so let's go to the
shooting range give gun to weapons
officer for quick trigger check Oh get
ear protection and miles goes to the
free booth give gun to weapons officer
thank you and says okay okay bones
pick any booth and obey all safety
regulations while in the range it's
gonna be huge
when you're ready you can fire at will
and don't forget to see me for a new
supply of ammo before leaving okay so
that's what you should have done before
going to the thing there give me some
hint that's what one rather they should
have for a quick quicker trek get ear
protection for miles and go to the free
booth there seems to be a good time for
some tips about weapon usage blah blah
blah and then that's all the then we you
know use your protectors look at target
adjust sight change target press back
button when you're all done do you think
that's it
I don't know all done get it leave
separates us and everything else is you
know mug shot file closed cabinet go go
go that could have been it
yep then further this max copies tonight
from the office 5:3 berry to 10-4 will
copy are you on route to Litton City
Journal
a suniye this escape has got to be a
real nightmare for you on the other hand
it must be a super nightmare for that
poor correctional officer yeah yeah well
partner yeah I guess this mean that that
the that the unspeakable Asterix symbols
has really hit the fan
I should hope Baines let that correction
officer go on oh you know I'm saying
it'd be a shame just a just a shame if
anything happened to I did this past
five to remarry to 1097 let in City Jail
yeah that's where I'm gonna shoot don't
you glove you want with an easier voice
throat five three very tool ten-four no
1097 City Jail finally I you you go
ahead son I'm gonna study a bit have a
smoke
it's gonna be great so yeah so by the
way let's just comment a little bit yeah
the mostly BS thing of having to do that
one very specific really you should not
have been able to go into the fire I
agree
until you were able to do that things
just I agree yes I'll still take it over
point-and-click sure can just click on
things your stalker rather than at least
having to think a little bit well maybe
I should do this but after that
so I'm going to look around now this is
the underground parking garage of the
new living city jail because apparently
they rebuilt the entire city after the
last game everything nothing was good
enough anymore after I put this town on
the map there was such an influx of new
income after you put the angel of death
or the death angel actually there was a
horrible D it could come after that
because that drug trade that was really
keeping the city alive all the drugs and
all the drugs flow into this town named
after the local businesses they spent a
ton of money I really I put the whole
city into an economic crisis we have
where'd the money to rebuild all this
stuff when the President of the United
States god bless his soul gave us
emergency funds to save the town from
from certain disaster I'm filled with
pride as the memories of the dedication
ceremonies returned the dedication
ceremonies to this jail well we'll put
all of the poor people so they won't be
able to bother us nice normal folks
anymore I also have a sneaking suspicion
again that someone's watching me
perhaps through a people of some kind a
rusty peephole it's much easier when you
don't have to draw everything all the
way out into the edges of the frame it
is a time-saving measure because we need
to be efficient
I appreciate efficiency following my
heroic capture of Jessie Bane's aka The
Death Angel boom I became an instant
celebrity after plunging the town into
an economic disaster but now unless I
recapture Bane's only the bitter bitter
memories of failures will remain
dun-dun-dun look at wall I'm gonna look
at this wall now oh I see gutting
lockers built into the gun creed wall
next to a heavy metal door and I don't
appreciate heavy metal
that I don't like anything more risque
than the Beach Boys even them ahead
sound even though I wouldn't ask I'll
make a noise good animals in quiet
less the dogs barking and criminals
sometimes stand up everybody to
understand I've been an hour it's time
to stand up there appears to be a
built-in video camera surveillance
system and a speaker on the wall above
the door there was a button to the right
of the door wouldn't it be nice if we
were older it's not about being nice
it's about doing a civic duty doing this
for your home
take a little break coming any more
water
wouldn't it be nice if we were older
that we wouldn't have to write so learn
it's for your health your health it's
important I feel since I've started
standing up every hour on the stream I
feel so much better afterwards
boom started the timer again you know
like you sit down for just four hours
straight and then you you get up and and
it just it just hurts what's sad
which rich is really sad because there's
just one slice of cheese left in the
kitchen you went to make a sandwich and
there's only one slice of cheese which
is very sad about that so
I stood up to grab a new beer that's
fine you stood up that's all that
matters
that's all that matters no this this
laptop is not a Mac it's a it's an old
Windows laptop that I had at home and I
brought it here so I wouldn't have to
bring in my laptop all the time
we need a longer intermission to get
more cheese yeah
there hasn't been you know like we've
just been playing the game as what
usually happens when we play police
quest it's more you know it actually
holds our attention so there's been less
conversation to catch everybody up
Ghostbusters the remake is gonna suck
that's okay movies suck are you gonna
eat a cheese sandwich live on stream Oh
Oh sputters I love that Bill Murray
that's a funny man it was it was very it
was very sad on Saturday Lisa and I went
to a party and we were all discussing
the Ghostbusters trailer and everybody
was in agreement like oh my god no just
no good can come from this and we we
started discussing you know like the
problems with the trailer and like how
it really didn't compare to the first
one and then it was just like we need to
go watch the first one I'm like I
quickly looked it up online like where I
could get like a blu-ray copy of
ghostbusters oh they ever they've won at
Best Buy's it's in stock right now we'll
stop on the way and then some work stuff
came up so we weren't able to watch the
Ghostbusters on Saturday and that was
really sad I'm sorry you know I do all I
want to do now is watch ghostbusters you
know the sandwich would be delicious
with more cheese on it or something but
they haven't we have got a clue small
Skelton you did you just missed stand-up
time but there's still time stand-up now
we just got back from stand-up time we
are now sitting again taking a little
break staring at a wall while rich eats
a cheese sandwich so
I know we're not progressing very fast
into the game yeah but is the return of
Sunday bonds is it living up to
expectations
this is everything you would hope for
everything everybody hoped for rich I
know it to be true
I know it to be true I don't know if
people will go see the new Ghostbusters
movie the what was what was the other
movie that just bombed recently the
remake the the gem in the Holograms
movie big stars big names nobody care
about jamming the Holograms in the first
place this is not a remake really it's
it well it's a it's a nostalgia property
with with big names in it did not do
very well fairly worthless nostalgia
property just saying Robocop's a better
comparison Robocop the Robocop bomber is
it just for I'm not sure it's definitely
forgotten about well oh yeah it's that
one forgotten hold on I'm gonna I'm
gonna look up the numbers for Robocop
the remake box office mojo dot-com go
Zootopia is doing very well
Robo Cop go Robocop let's see here okay
ready yeah estimated production budget
of Robocop 2014 mmm one hundred million
dollars yeah domestic total gross more
than that 58 million dollars domestic
domestic well because where's that now
oh my god Jesus great well it made a
little bit of money a hundred and eighty
four million what is wrong with you rest
of the world we we'd like to see a
matter connection movie is so cool
though copies all sort of rubber you had
a great previous role that movie made by
a foreign director ooh
could've been for I don't care
Jose Padilla yeah we like we love to
watch American action movie where cop is
also a robot it's our greatest joy oh
the cop is also the robot yeah let me
wash down that mostly bread sandwich
without really ugly can of Diet Coke I
mean really this is just an ugly ugly
can mostly bread sandwich well says Jose
Pedulla not much I think he's a foreign
director how's that Pedulla you don't
expect to have Americans have more
common sense these days Americans did
have more you don't expect it though oh
you don't expect expect it okay yeah I
mean so Americans didn't go see the
Robocop remake yeah that's something
maybe the real dumb fat people are in
Europe from yeah we have cheese and wine
and olive oil goes bust else it has we
mean now it's good we like to see their
women and we also like it when they
ghosts I think it as you say a boost as
it goes but stills they have course with
slime Oh should slime all over the
SummerSlam I'm Italian so I like exist
in my cinema I like Jerry if something
works you just keep doing it again and
again and again and again nor do
ghostbusters
he'll need to be the slime right that's
a little bit funny we got so much fun
now so funny we make a Mad Max movie
whatever card explores every single time
it's so good so many so many versions
okay oh wait jail etiquette I'm assuming
I got to put my gun in the thing yes
my place west to Manuel
nope okay hey push button did it boom Oh
skeletal snuggles would like to give us
a tip for the rich get some cheese fun
will do we're gonna stock this fridge
with all sorts of cheeses give it great
signal the jailor by pushing the buzzer
the jailer speaks to me to the PA system
fucking desk a bomb I guess I'm saying
this but someone else is saying there's
net I just I hurt my brain because that
didn't make any sense but a booking desk
can I help you cuz I asked if I could
help you
is it a ghost hello call for ladies over
here with proton packs oh my god hello
ask about thing ask about bangs I'm not
sure what you want me to do I'm not sure
either goes I'm just gonna open the door
I'm getting confused I'm gonna take out
my gun I'm getting very confused and I'm
going to take out my gun somebody tell
me what I need to do oh now I can't
crocodile brain guys your streamers
always everything that we could possibly
hope for it keep up the great work thing
that Craig Melvin yeah please face the
camera and show your identification
that's salad information that's the
directive of a I know what to do no
thank you I need to make sure you're not
a ghost I'm very afraid of all of no
ghosts of all goes show pictures oh wow
and this way the movie delirious
something very awkward would happen
right now
can I put my badger away now just
showing my ID I hear a loud metal Clank
is that jailer releases the door locks
obviously excited a bonds I can't
believe what happened I can't get always
unless the surfer gonna get no surfer
guy got kidnapped
okay okay Brad I said the jailer got
kidnapped
I can't get over it we've never had an
officer kidnapped before Bane's took pat
patty
pétain paint paint an escaped in Pat
Hayes car I sure hope he's okay poor kid
he's just a rookie in the height
I haven't haven't had it heck we just
put together a file on Baynes this
morning and he's gone already
what was I supposed to do ask about file
that's not a clear sentence but in video
game logic it should work ask file why
do you ask a file which for how do you
want to look at I mean I know we were
just talking about Baynes and how we
just finished the file on Baynes but if
you could be more specific it what file
you want to look at maybe the Baynes
are you a more at audible I'm borderline
underachieving in all my academic
classes I've been a cop for 21 years and
I've never seen anyone quite as stupid
as you if it helps I was raised in a
paint factory bank when I became a cop
you had to pass a test then if you
weren't smart enough you didn't pass the
test and they'd beat you with rocks I'm
not a cop I'm a jailor it's my job to
make sure the door is closed I'm feeling
a strong urge to take you out back and
beat you with rocks
I would I would suggest
that I don't like rocks unfortunately
that's illegal for some reason it's
gonna this sucks so much files you want
to look at Bane's unbelievable
fucking un-fuckin'-believable I can't
believe the things that I'm saying
Oh Aki file files have to say yes give
him back before you leave what happened
to his head he's turning into a girl
he's turning into a hippie or a hippie a
girl able to the same thing really
ultimately there's no difference between
a woman and a hippie except cooking
hippies don't know how to cook no the
raw food we're gonna have to we're gonna
have to round up all the hippies and
teach them how to cook okay let's see
attempted murder Sonny bombs of course
we have a new mugshot nice
Boston secular colors inside a duellist
room again but rich in regards to the
abyss since you haven't seen the
director's cut would you like my old DVD
for free
you fucked no I said I won't tell you
not to but you don't have to I can't
acquire this thing of my soul that's a
nice thought thank you I won't turn it
down but but okay you got the mug this
is reading things I was are there's
anything else I might need to know what
is that one down there I mean this is
only one page is there two pages
turnover hitting inner does nothing okay
great
assigned to handle tum' right down
Hambleton I don't know what that it's
gonna mean anything assigned to Hamilton
well that was quick signed to Hamill
tongue okay Bane's assigned to Hamilton
is that everything I have to do here my
done hello I'm getting confused again
I'm gonna take out my gun but I gotta go
got my guns in the locker I can you go
in the jail nope nope I don't think I
need to I'm gonna I'm gonna save okay
I'll maybe it's too late okay get in the
door I'll save a new save file in case
that fucks something out there I try to
try to go back in I think you know
remember last time it's like looking the
jail stuffs well look in the jail what
do you mean looking the in the cell like
in the where the doors are Oh for fuck's
sake we got one BB 2 bvp button you know
the hell yeah chat saying there's more
shit to do chatot chats with me on this
one must have important business just
show yourself out don't go back go
further back go up that a door door over
there to brown the Bronco yeah that's
the door inside the jail
yeah well go through the door in that
door the door to the north the door in
the floor yeah up there go up there can
you open that door no that open door
well that's I think it's just the other
side of this door
open doot oh I am duped though you're
authorized to open it's the one leaving
back outside talk to the dingbat open
this duck don't tell me I can't use the
word hippie adventure game staple look
around couple of hooks
I enjoyed the nerdy chat about
narratives thanks thank you thank you
fun time last we did we do we twit that
right yeah we tweeted similar it is
people might not might not be hip to the
twits I know I'm not for anyone who
doesn't follow us on the Twitter nerdy
Inc a YouTube channel I had a nice
conversation with us about storytelling
and games and the video just came out I
wanna say yesterday or whenever i
retweeted their tweet about the video
and it was really fun it's like a
45-minute hour long discussion just rich
and me and the two guys from nerdy Inc
talking about story and video game is
quite a quite a fun time we're done it
was good turned out well um what's your
opinion on ghostbusters 3 story games
based on established worlds can tell
good stories like DC Universe Online for
the ps1 it's radio Fox
I didn't play ghostbusters 3 oh the game
oh the game yeah the Ghostbusters the
the recent one 3d one great yeah it's
great
we should play that oh we can't stream
it well we can technically but it's very
dialogue heavy and it's dialogue by Bill
Murray dan Aykroyd inhaled Ramos we
don't want to talk over that I don't
want to talk over that okay this is like
no point and streaming it just find it
and play it yeah oh but no you're right
van Belding it is just audio it is
there's no video it is just us talking
so like it's a youtube video but just
put
in the background and it's it's
basically a podcast so we figured out
what we need to do oh hold on
oh whoa gonna get caught up this first
games mm that sounds an awful lot like
Bane's
I've got my eye on you spectacularly
sick this evening nothing better than
hard-boiled Sonny bonds and Edith bunker
to lift my spirits that that the classic
crime-fighting duo right there Sonny
bombs and Edith bunker Oh Sammy I don't
think we're in the right neighborhood
knows what a day's rich really doesn't
want to give Ernie Hudson winston
zeddemore any credit that's the second
time he's left him out because he's
relatively unimportant I'm sorry I know
Winston has his fans I don't hate the
character I don't hate Ernie Hudson
yeah but ghostbusters is a classic
because of Bill Murray Harold Ramis and
Dan Aykroyd also you could replace Ernie
Hudson with a lot of different actors
and it wouldn't change the movie at all
Ernie Hudson's great he's great in the
movie replace him with Eddie Murphy and
you've got a better movie probably well
the character actually is the straight
man so let's see that's the thing about
his character he is the audience avatar
right he's supposed to be uninteresting
and unimportant
he's the information sponge right okay
so they can dump like how all the
equipment works as a site I also think
it's just kind of a joke that you know
with for most of the movie like 2/3 of
the movie we have our established guys
and these are our main characters and
then all of a sudden there's just like
employee with them it is this out of
place guy who's just there for the money
right you got work for me this is great
it's just there I will believe in
whatever you tell me to if there's a
paycheck in it that's that's how he's
not a terrible character he's just not
an essential ingredient to the magic
you could replace that met character
that Ernie Hudson even then even the
character you could was hurting Hudson a
lot of different actors who could just
be a straight man
yeah and it's fine but it's just fine
but Ernie Hudson does a great job yeah I
never said he did a bad job never said
he did a bad job why do you hate her and
Hudson so much extremes everything's
gonna stream everything's a fucking
extreme the Tigers Kirk Winston was
conceived as Eddie Murphy Aykroyd wrote
the character for Murphy after doing
trading places with him Winston was
supposed to be the best Ghostbuster he
had more science training and was a
marine but they needed an every man
without Winston they're not crying about
absolutely.i I've heard that like you
know his character was supposed to be
this huge part of but no you need to be
do you think the movie is terrible
before Winston shows up and to do you
think that Ernie Hudson is the only
person who could have done this job
those are the two things I want to ask -
yep yep welcome to the Internet okay
great but back to the back of the thing
Oh oh yeah you figured out what hey I
asked about Pete no there's another file
on paint because the chiller is an idiot
it didn't think to do this in the first
place here's a line motherfucker oh oh
yeah you want to look at paints fine
I'll go get it for ya oh yeah that makes
a lot of sense
you mean the guy who is kidnapped you
want to know about him too weird you
know bands the fantasy here's a map for
you Louise you spit you can't take well
let's see if there's maybe important
information on her what do we got
let's get her let's get our handy-dandy
notebook I mean sono alias nice date of
birth these things might be might be
useful like we gotta wait out we're
gonna ready a call male 511 black brown
hair found a ditch and oh that's
probably paid yeah yeah but then we
don't need information well we don't
remember just write down what do you
want date of birth birth Wow
yeah sure sure height hair weight 511
165 black hair
okay
corrections officer what is what a stat
probation mean I don't know that weird
depart mental actions none so I don't
think II was on probation when he sent
me V we worked that was this job he
worked in brochure that could be yeah
okay well we're good and there's no way
to get further in nope okay great
definitely don't want to forget my guts
your gun I mean any updates of the
Winston's situation
Oh ghost was removing an Amazon Prime
video with it maybe I'll watch that like
I'd like to get you know what I'd and
actually the Best Buy has like a
Ghostbusters 1 & 2 on blu-ray but it
didn't have any special features behind
besides like that a dan Aykroyd and
Harold Ramis roundtable discussion which
could be great and I'd like a nice
blu-ray like some commentary behind the
scenes shit you know
open door they're saying don't go
they're saying they're saying we're not
done for Randall John B eight to twenty
says thank you Jack and rich you're
welcome you're welcome thank you thank
you John B you do their stuff I mean
there's got to be something more in
there you we have to get further into
the jail I'm not good I don't know I'm
not gonna look at the chat right now
besides the real van saying don't go
don't go show ID to camera talk to the
thing put the thing in the thing I had
that debt debt debt debt that the bifida
Hoopa need boobity boo show IDs really
busy blondes
oh yeah you want to know I mean we know
can you like can you ask asks - going
back
I don't see anything particularly
interesting I don't I don't see anything
particularly interests out get out of
here you asked to go in the back of the
thing I don't think that's the science
yeah they're saying you're not done the
same you're not done
Oh beefcake has a good suggestion but
there's a camera outside and they made
special mention of that can't work so he
says ask about security tapes what wait
right what you don't have a field kit
what wait mr. Beebe's has an important
question about my part of my my shaved
head do you have to polish or shine your
head or does it just happen when you
make sure you shave it completely it
just happens you get a very shiny head
when you shave it actually I'm looking
at ways to diiie shine my head
okay okay
feel good so now I would unfortunately I
hit enter too fast so I didn't get to
read that what happened he has for the
field kid I gave him the fuel kid night
I don't know if we're done are we done
there was no BP to BP so now to talk to
her again you gave him the field kit oh
okay well I want you automatically
walked out so I guess that assumes
doneness wait you gave him the kid and
then he gave it right back to you yes
wait I don't like it I don't think you
did anything
the detectives field kit is used to
carry various things you'll need in the
course of your investigation plastic
bags small camera casting plaster glass
vial eyedropper blueprint fingerprint
powder fingerprint brush fingerprint
tape look at theme walkthrough and we'll
read what happened
what we Bester will read what happened
when I hit energy fast okay let's see
here press buzzer show ID get Pat a file
to see about the cadet yeah close file
get Bane's file Bane's files up to date
photo and Jesse Bane's getting mugshot
close file ask about escape its what is
according to the official walkthrough
I'm not gonna read any further than ask
about escape
not gonna read any further than asked
about escape god I gotta take control
gotta gotta gotta take control I did it
again Oh what where I didn't read the
thing oh whoa I accidentally had
something a great sting
no one will be fine fine we're gonna be
fine we're gonna be fine
we're slap-happy we're doing things
sloppy you're slap-happy and doing
things sloppy you have this is what this
is what happens you and when we do these
any battles you are in complete control
and you were fucking it up okay here we
go okay okay here you go while I'm at it
give me your field kit to put behind the
car you're not supposed to bring it in
here you know okay so okay important
things didn't happen okay I hate to be
rude okay ask about escape like I told
you before I just walked into the next
room and now and I'll call him out what
so I have to ask about that before you
call the guy out you jerk What did he
say before there's a guy he hasn't
talked about mmm my god oh my god are
you here to get me out of this joint
oh thank you jack thank you I appreciate
that we need to get out of the do do
I'll boo you have a chopper you can get
me to the gem oh there we go rich talk
to me Anna I don't know what you want to
talk about you could talk about the
pumping iron the weight living so good
it's like you're coming what are you a
weight lifting and it feels like you're
coming all over the place we could talk
about Puerto Rico I did a vacation video
actually what I really want to know
about um is Hercules in New York what
were you thinking they told me they
would give me lots of money and I took
their money actually you know something
I don't know about means I spent those
money and invested I'm a very smart
businessman I feel deceived I used to
think you sounded like an American
what's he talking about I am an American
I'm American police officer is going to
be great and tell me about babes
I don't know nothing about the dude
they're men there really remember I've
got a gun it's a nice answer Rob you got
to find it no Carl he's a good friend of
mine and the Maria she's my wife used to
be my wife I know Philippe she you know
is the one I looked at instead of my
wife oh yeah this guy never do the bends
he did a number on you little do you
ever friend
he used his muscles to Bochum Benz
jumped really blue key while being a
moved it looked like he was holding some
sort of knife do you know the protector
did you ever throat something is the
such like he look so easy I mean he just
grabbed the jailor put the knife to his
throat and like well now how do you say
like fancy walk like like walk with this
keep in your step vicious I said it's
really hard to say shit in the other
voice is right now the unbelievable man
now this is why I didn't want to do the
Don Wilson voice as a character that
lines to read long because for some
reason the voice
it comes and goes of course
you it's hard to say but yet when you
are when you are Arnold Schwarzenegger
we even though I do go a little French
sometimes because these Austrians like
it a little French in there
unbelievable is actually Arnold can
girlfriend so he put and I have any
sashay down yeah it does everything I'm
in ok ok well we got a dingaling so he
had a knife of some sort oh no no ok
about the knife mama I'm sure it's fine
I haven't come back it's fine it's fine
what does walk through say fine I
California where I was the governor it
gets French Arnold is from everywhere
he's an amazing an amazing character
Arnold Schwarzenegger
save the game also thank you the real
bad okay could you just wait up there
Sonny wait wait wait up well what's a
little rash anyway what's going on hey I
was just over here I was I was doing
something totally not suspicious just
hanging outside and smoking a cigarette
while you were doing actual police work
there yeah I really appreciate that and
behind the wheel of an unmarked police
cruiser My partner kee this puffing away
in a cigarette being not suspicious at
all that refreshing flavor Camel
cigarettes
no wait Marvel's definitely Marvel's
marble emeralds marble no rose the
cigarette of cowboys Oh telega I'm sorry
if I missed your tip Jack and rich would
you ever do a full stream with rich
dressed as Plunkett and Jack dressed as
fuck bot
oh no buddy you couldn't sit down the
fuck bot a one I couldn't sit down in
the fuck pot - the fuck pot outfit he's
no longer it dig a trench completely
they got trashed completely saved we
saved his head but the the cardboard on
the inside was rock cuz it was it was a
cardboard box that we covered in
aluminum foil yeah and the cardboard was
rotting yeah this make sense yeah that
makes sense the grocery list in this
guy's case it has only one item
cigarettes oh there you go I'm trying to
work him up - cigars we can yeah we can
work on fuck pot 3.0 but Keith keeps a
carton of cigarettes in the glove box he
doesn't like anyone messing with his
stash
all his cigarettes yeah because he's got
a neat stash out his face did it yeah
you see if it's not a good joke though
if it takes you that long to get it that
makes it a terrible joke but I'm not a
comedian
everything I say is dead serious now
what are we doing
you spray Atta use radio what is it what
a police procedure say 1020 in situation
well this is awkward dude let me go to a
pre lit policeman where would you like
to go I hold on homicide investigation
procedure no we're not there felony
arrest procedures police computer
procedures there's a radio procedures
response all radio transmission as
required according to the police
regulations avoid unnecessary radio
transmissions Oh No rich well it's
already happened rich
oh okay I have my mucho paperwork to
finish that sir that's okay married five
to ten ten eighty from Luton City Jail
253 barrier to ten foot on dispatch
coppers tenants from written city in
general dispatch five three Mary to be
advised we are in route to the office I
gotta do some stuff maybe five three
Mary two or ten four we copy are enroute
to advisor to discuss we have further
traffic for you a dispatch up five
through Mary to go ahead with your
traffic hmm you do the traffic thing now
five rumor to land for traffic officer
Haynes has located a vehicle belonging
to the correctional officer / captain
hole respond to that 10 20 and 1198 with
officer hands dispatch care yeah yeah
yeah well big boy let's add let's roll
let's do the wrong thing I'll be a value
one oak tree Mari oh we're going to the
tree mall not the Creek Mall the tree
most shit that's a shit mall on a train
copy we're going to do
Oak Creek Mall get out of town oak tree
oh boy yeah I know that place that my
wife spent that have my paycheck day you
know I'm saying Mary always had a
bulldog for a hood ornament you know I'm
saying she's a lovely wife I do love you
know can you believe that cause they're
dry dry give us the drive these days I
think we can get better acceleration for
my tends to be the bike yeah you know
yeah no respect at all dispatch five
tree Merrick to attend 297 oak tree mall
yeah you know there's a lot of ways is
my favorite rule come full dispatch
Gophers done monitor some 103 more you
want I could do dispatch no you're
you're set on the bane voice okay if you
want to keep doing it I won't stop you
I look sad that is over there that hangs
over there we should go talk to that dad
that Mook
yeah dispatches bane because I love the
bane place and this patches okay this is
definitely correctional opposite okay
this is direct this is definitely the
correctional officers gah that's Haynes
Haynes oh oh my god hangs as an elder I
don't know these things when I start
reading cuz it says someone say is later
on it's probably scanned it first with
my eyes I don't think to do that
you got a scan of perseverance man
there's there's definitely the
correctional officers car although
versions cold right we're gonna check Oh
see I said Sonny I'm gonna go take a
look around and leave your general
eyesight for non suspicious reason you
going see that shadow a man over there
I'm gonna go talk to him it's not gonna
be a big deal I'll go check around lower
where maybe some witnesses or something
I already I'll put some kind of
magnetron and that'll make a witness
appear just leaving you alone now you
you go do you look a card look at that
guy look at look at the cat look at the
cat is a cat in there I find that cat to
be suspicious looking at the cop car do
ya buddy yeah but do you look at the
right car I don't know what the right
car is there's a lot of cars
wait is that I don't think that's right
car okay
I think I think it's the other car
fucking love this soundtrack I need to
get this OTS looking around you find a
thing know which is the right guy oh
yeah maybe is the other guy
maybe it's this yellow car that would be
weird
it's definitely not that one no wait why
don't you do it general wait well yeah
yeah yeah I forgot adventure game rule
number two look around it's the main
entrance through the oak tree of all the
cities now this is the main entrance to
Oak Tree Mall the city's newest location
for shopping convenience because
apparently everything is brand new
there's not a single goddamn thing that
used to be around a year ago we tore the
whole city down the memories of the
Death Angel were that they were just too
painful everyone was so sad once the
loss of the the economy happened after
he got taken down by me that we just had
to start from scratch

[Part IV]
okay do you need your sure you're on it
already I just want to know which one's
the right car that's that that's a lot
one oh I'm suing this is this red one
you got the kit yeah I would also assume
it's the red one use camera camera
fingerprint brush okay we didn't get any
points for that
not worth processing you think
we're because they found the car right
yeah one of these is the jailers car
maybe it's the blue one but that was
such a comical what a nice car stuff you
know that seems weird
fine-looking machine you'll find
anything interesting I don't want to
open my car door
did you try you the fingerprint thing
again all right all right all right okay
try the fingerprint thing on the blue
car
processing
plastic bag casting casting plaster why
would you need that I don't know I think
I've been prouder finger brush
fingerprint tape hold on let me look at
some procedure here yeah yeah
all right let's see here homicide
investigation procedures perhaps well
some homicide detective must have reason
to believe a crime has been committed by
one or more of the following personal
observation statements from a witness or
conclusive or circumstantial evidence
now Oh a chat is saying it is the blue
Corvette by the way okay
did you radio that where you were here
you look but it doesn't hold your
interest that's why you're here oh yeah
it's open that door the other door what
nothing they only drew one picture
that's annoying
they only drew one picture that's not
that's a little annoying that isn't Oh
Ciara
search car yeah yeah that's fine okay
look under seat glovebox
yep okay okay okay okay I look in the
glove compartment and see boots an empty
holster and guy registration Oh
done done to confirming the name Louie
paint lousy French name I returned to
the glove box awesome
well let's look at holster I look at the
empty holster and ponder the whereabouts
of the gun I've retained it for evidence
boom what bullets put holster in bag
then why would I want to put you know
what that's just a suggestion that you
put the evidence in the evidence bag I'm
just gonna hold it with my hands and my
fingers with all of my my sticky
fingerprints you know I was just eating
Cheetos another orange fingerprints for
me all over this holster bright orange
fingerprints from me
I'm just bearing it all around because
I'm holding it in my hand
my hands are really sweaty - this can't
be good Freddy pre-existing fingerprints
that were on the holster did you did you
dust the holster did you powder the
holster rich that was next yeah give it
time
doesn't type yeah looking at the
ammunition over I think hmm three rounds
of 38 caliber better hang on to these
down for evidence for ever done past 38
caliber you know there's that decide you
know it's not 50
I can't imagine you would have a 50
caliber handgun hey what else is there
to do look at box again did you pow
fingerprint the box we looked through
the registration all right pose about is
there a procedure for crying just
general crime scene investigation don't
think so use powder add box carefully
you apply the dust and mumbling to
yourself this print is too smudged to
take oh yeah yeah well it is get is
coated with cheeto dust now it probably
did that help Hey look at kit what's it
well this is my kid plastic baggie
baggie camera use camera I want to be a
good police officer I take a picture and
return the camera to my field kit there
is um there's felony arrest procedures
and homicide investigation procedures
homicide investigation okay Oh kind of
sound we got a beat be to be because we
got some evidence now yep Lowe's box not
sure close yeah box not sure
finding nothing my mistakes tell me
we're not done well we found we found
some holster and some bullets and we we
messed up a fingerprint thing but that's
fine
oh the jailors empty gun holster you
have no no I have no reason to put him
in since Becky would just be insane
you've already touched it rich the
registration automatically went back in
so I'll try it again oh oh I don't think
we need to get that yeah well he puts it
back all right jack what do you got what
do you got
I do you think we're done believe we got
two pieces of evidence we haven't been
able to fingerprint anything which is
the only other thing we have we're safe
we're saying oh they're saying look at
it look at what the registration did
that open the box what's it what's in
the box
okay that's it that's the same thing we
do that three times okay
no just yeah they're double-checking now
you know what that's a fine thing try to
try to powder knowledge junkie says
powder door handle gearshift center
console yeah nope I'm doubting central
console yeah you already tried okay okay
that's all right you're fine you're fine
great I'd like to swab something I
honestly don't know anything about this
game powder you're behind castor plaster
foot fingerprint no I mean an eyedropper
I don't you know no I think we're fine
use oh yeah there's some of them oh
maybe an eyewitness very slowly now
looks like looks like brains may take
another car those ladies and their cars
were stolen because I stole her car I
want back on somebody else told car as
amazing coincidence I'm saying they like
to happen for my life I've very honest
questions ask her because now you're
calm talk to Nene what am I gonna do now
my husband is gonna kill me when he
finds out that the car was stolen
I'm not supposed to be the mole oh yes
it's 1986 Compaq Chevy station wagon
it's black and the license numbers of it
zero three five no right C's CO or C
zero
maybe C's o co3 five and it's the Compaq
Chevy come packed sure there O's are a
bit more round II that's definitely a
zero you think that's a zero I think
that's a zero we put the look at the
look at the o' in ho' usually I can O
has or a zero has like little lines look
at the oh oh okay oh Adria yeah C zero
three five is count thanks sherry onus
oh I can't remember
I would love to remember more but I was
I was in my I was in a spin class he
will we ride on a little bicycle for a
little bit oh I don't like it but my
instructor has such a nice behind I like
watching it bounce she's lady oh I think
of mare Sonny yeah you're not your
worker up for it why that I criminally
put in jail after shooting them in the
stomach probably wants you good I want
you dead
what's he doing with that lady I'm gonna
do you think I'm gonna do them massacre
what she thinks of my new hair gel
product it's made from 100% beet juice
I call it beet juice I just put it in my
hair
it attracts bees then the breeze leave
their pollen makes here all nice shiny
adverse side effects and a bee pollen
beet juice cuz I don't know if I would
love bees in my hair alright there's all
I got okay that's all I got it was Keith
he's off smoking a joint
let's be honest great save all right we
got it
oh I know we need to when you when you
yell with Don just move the mic oh there
we go that's a perfect perfect timing
good idea it's a perfect timing it's
time to stand up time to stand up
everybody it's about an hour we do at
you're tracking crime and all's stand up
criminals
we're tracking a criminal we're gonna
get them criminals in crime and I was
pretending to be crocodiles okay I got
water
yep
stand him up
okay good by the way last room someone
was asking if we got a big thing of
cashews that you sent and we did and
I've just had a cashew snack thank you
for sending that those are great great
for a little a little pickup
I don't know if J has seen the witch yet
I like them I like them cashews it's
great for Lily to pop and pop a handful
a little snack picks her right up right
up mm-hmm I believe they're roasted and
roasted and salted cashews
I will ask rich if he was still wants to
watch me the 1983 mini-series on
holodecks we'll see we'll see Oh Keith
is coming back that's exciting
I love almonds too almonds almonds are
the preferred nut treat of choice
roasted salted almonds but we have
cashews and cashews are great
Keith is Keith is coming back Keith oh
my god Keith also they want to know if
you still want to watch the vive new
series for movie dicks sure sure okay
rich says yeah I'm watching it myself
that's the thing then I watch it again I
well V know people need to watch V yeah
almonds are neither war zones are great
also I just want to say this out loud
because Jo kitty 0:01 says says this
don't almonds a fuck Tom of water
don't almonds a fuck Tom of water fuck
ton don't they require I think they're
hard to water the trees almond trees I
look let's kill me I don't I'm afraid of
nuts I don't look into these things I
love nuts I enjoy I enjoy eating nuts of
all kinds as I get into the car
I feel Keith in on what I've discovered
here we go so yeah there was a car I
found a holster and some bullets uh-huh
I took the bullets
uh-huh and I have the holster I didn't
bother to put either of these things
into an evidence bag hey I just handled
them with my bedsheet Oh covered hand
yeah that's good I figured that was
proper police procedure it was a much
better job than me I was walking around
the mall looking for for evidence a
completely very far away from the scene
of the crime then then I talked to a
lady and she she had a car stolen oh
that sounds great it's some guy I can't
alack is something I will find it it's
fine everything's fine great let's go
let's let's roll that out hey buddy boy
let's get this show on the road huh wait
radio
hey Aaron got a radio use radio dispatch
factory Mary to be advised that suspect
Baines may be in possession of a
correctional officers gun despite
uncertainty on us get ready for this one
this one excited I'm don't gentle break
for five three Meritor Jesse barons may
now be armed with the correction
officers garden approach with course
block no 1086 for one son of a bitch you
think you can do this to me I can do
whatever I want I'm a cop see this badge
that means I can do fuck all grown
accustomed to typing in games I was born
into it molded by it yeah yeah Keith
there's paperwork to finish and moving
on oak trim oh no trim Oh to a chairman
voice yeah people go to to mourn now it
will be too over time to Alice Jamal
uber alles
let you just be advised that we're gonna
go around over to the office yeah now
got lots of a people work Wow
very true research hello dad dad
that dispatch 5ma to go go ahead what's
going on in your world how you doing
respond to cotton Cova see the jogger
standing by the phone booth jogger hands
of possible foul play divided have one
traffic units responding if I were to
copy we we on this jogger situation oh I
hope she's a hot chick oh I hope she's
wearing jogging pants it's gonna be
great
cotton chrome go
in routing angle over coffee route I say
do it
it's jibber and dialogue gibbering that
go yes this this version of police quest
removes all of the driving and crashing
oh okay so now give you two to one odds
for 50 cents that that jog is a dude
yeah man see let's see what would Sonny
bonds logic babe on the gender of this
jogger the jog is a dude what do you
think what do you think what does what
does Sonny bonds logic what is it what
does the jogger doing there by a phone
booth
well the the joggers not working during
the middle not working during the middle
of the day so that's a woman only Oh
golly calling a cop rather than handling
a problem on her own yeah woman woman
woman definitely a woman so we're on I'm
on wait I'll give you two to one odds
there's a dude that means Keith thinks
it to do okay great right yep you're on
yes yes it's a chick boom oh no I can
see it's a gal you got a buck of course
it's a woman she's not at work go up see
I was a collab see over here she is is a
prettier sugar over now what did you see
found are you the better half a talker
with her she actually is like Italian
you do better
oh is it yeah he does sign you she's a
bitch she's a pretty shook up bummer I
thought she found you have a dog with
her and I wanna stick around for a while
just there that just in case you need to
me it's a medium REO wait oh is this the
river that has
I was lost in you can go look for the
badge this is the same River I drowned
in in the last game make sure to save
old time sake all the time say no they
don't let you drown it all they fix it
Oh looking river oh that's really
upsetting good what a river derives its
name from irony it's actually quite
polluted by all of the industries that
surround Litton dr. gum I'm going to
talk to the man first honey you can wait
obviously colep sea is busy talking to
Keith listening me I hear some good
gossip good womanly gossip I'm gonna
have to wash my ears out now but nothing
relating to the task at hand
I suppose I have to talk to this woman
maybe somehow that'll be useful talk to
a woman oh it was terrible
there was Oh blood and drag marks to the
river tell me more about this blood
I was jogging along the river's edge and
I came across something that look like
blood I stopped to look and right next
to the blood I saw marks that look like
something it but dragged to the river
and if that prints I saw footprints we
have casting plaster oh my god we get to
use it oh my god we get to use our
casting plaster I'm so excited I have to
interrupt this woman because she's you
talk very loudly in general I suppose I
do
and when you do the woman voice you
scream so we're away from it I had
tempted her up because she's blathering
on she keeps rolling it out and she says
I get scared when I heard the brush
crack so I ran down here and called the
police
officer please go look I hope nothing
bad has happened just walk up River
about a hundred yards or so it's right
next to the water is very specific about
it that figments a hundred yards really
paying attention to that even though I
seem very panicked told you all I know
be thorough sure I have to be thorough
I've not seen I said blood red marks
what do you want ask her to take off her
pants no you know what no sunny bonds
are cool sunny buns were you going does
not respect woman but he does not
mistreat them either that's true that's
true where you going
oh good niqab you gotta get your kit
you're right you're right he sees them
as inferior but as things that need to
be protected you're not abuse you know
what he's working
right now yes it's time to home yes he
is a professional damnit remove pants
okay this is garden Cove brings back
many memories of my youth she said a
hundred yards maybe you have to take the
path down yeah okay great yeah all right
over there perfect i hiccup perfect oh I
know what I'm gonna use ik means oh oh
okay
Oh food freeze Punk
oh oh hold on hold on wait wait this
private procedure
there's probably please procedure to
this who are you talking to the guy who
just shot me dickhead oh and what what
good is our partner
too bad you've been had but weights not
all is lost just restore yeah
okay you got to talk to that biddy again
or did you save after a I'm sorry you
stop talking to that Biddy be deep deep
I hope nothing has happened oh great
wait go get your kit I did already I did
you say yeah sure yep okay again say so
you don't have to tuck that Biddy again
always be saving here we go all right
all right man we're gonna be right
behind you don't you worry I won't I
certainly won't let you get shot I'm
gonna let you get shot what's procedure
there's no specific procedure here we're
you know like there's a homicide
investigation procedures the detective
must have reason to believe a crime
crime has been committed by one or more
of the following personal observation
statements of a witness conclusive
and/or circumstantial evidence right
mm-hmm assess the situation use extreme
caution during initial investigation be
on alert for possible life-threatening
situations be ready to take appropriate
actions Oh
although shaking from surprised
confusion and fear I somehow managed to
return fire with us none of this can be
right I don't know what fear means I've
never felt fear before there's an alien
emotion I only don't cold hard gun metal
okay although the flight of my bullet
misses its target comes close enough to
cause the suspect to take leg and bail
or to take a leg bail get up you'll not
need to use the word M in this game
hey Bri brings like memorizing you okay
let's shoot whoa
Rawdon what's wrong with my legs oh
there he goes
okay this games like a mafia informant
oh my god I never I never saw no car
don't know what you're talking about
okay you keep saying it was a car around
here but I don't even know what you're
talking about Jesus but what looking
gavage well we should report this right
yeah bro it's Keith's gonna talk to you
you have no reason to do that I'm not
sure what you want me to do okay
shoot key this what I want you to do
I'm with you Sonny actually you were I
was I was chasing the bad guy yeah and
then when I when I when I had to double
back cuz he drove away I walked over
here and you just like hanging out
around here yeah you guns that drawn
you're not shooting at punks I was
watching uh I was watching two ducks
swimming in the river it it filled my
life with meaning for a moment that's
all I was doing
that's a holster gun which I guess it
makes sense nope it's got a keep you got
out now I'm good man you are going down
gunman as suspected I look in the
garbage can and find garbage look at
blood
I think that's blood up there I'm not
sure but I'm gonna assume it is see
nothing with dead grass and ants well
fine you're not close enough near the
river's edge I looked down and see what
appear to be partially coagulated blood
and drag marks wats as you see
footprints in the soft damp ground I
inspect the evidence keep ambles into
view slowly without his gun drawn
Lelaina his partner who was just in
mortal danger I look at being snuffed
that poor jailer and then threw his body
into the river could you put up a body
string he must be working out in jail
doing something now you take care of
evidence I'll go radio request for the
UH that what you call it out when you go
when you when you go into the suit and
you got the mask can you go into the
water for a long time but you can still
breathe when you're under the water
scuba yeah one of them videos cool buzz
get conceived me one of them I'm sorry
I'm high right now
should not have smoked all that grass on
the
you know what do you call it when
they're the people go into boxes with
the with the bars I know I never did
lock the doors don't let him out cuz I
did bad stuff when we were dad smoked a
lot of pot nope nope get kid digger
thing kind of fun okay how can you get
kit whoo hey go alright okay cat use
casting + or maybe help buddies gonna
well I drop her
oh and boof
I use the eyedropper to collect the
sample of the coagulated blood and put
it into the glass vial nice I returned
the eyedropper to the kit and had the
vial of blood to my inventory of
evidence boom that's fuckin police work
use plaster on footprints
I removed the box of casting powder and
mixed the pod powder to the proper
consistency in part of the footprint
depression but if the liquid dries I
removed the impression of the footprint
and add it to my list of evidence boom
whole process took five hours also I
think I did this all while still holding
a gun we're gonna find out a moment
whenever I draw my gun I find it very
hard to put my gun away
not physically just mentally take a
picture
boom
nice call jack boom police work
remove pants shit on ground alright I
think that's that's everything then uh
yeah you tried looking around right it's
just like yep you did that all while
holding your gun that's that's amazing
police work is this just a glitch might
be demilitarize arm oh never seen Keith
move this fast ever what are you talking
about oh because it's moving very slow
maybe then I take the footprint sprint
it did say that right yeah you don't you
got to believe you for the footprints
check the finger prints on that blood
that's gonna work shit that's funny
like that holster gun does not work oh
that is it just went away it's God and
everything's fine look at phone booth
listen here shoot varmint telephone is
for the convenience of the public from
the looks of it has been well used and
abused used take all my prostitutes that
phone booth it's very uncomfortable for
them I liked it that way
doc - mad doctor obvious there's a
Gillespie yeah nobody wants to talk to
me right right here gob your friend I'm
gonna keep I'm gonna say to Sonny this
for your own benefit
you're kind of a boring conversation you
talk as if no one knows what a fucking
phone booth is you know there's the
diving team on Sonny you go ahead and
stand by the radio okay say spot the
Baines or something yeah basically what
I'm saying is go away from me right now
because Oh try to get on that diving
team you've got a scuba I'm sure that's
gonna be a thing you got a scuba hello
diving team will somebody talk to me
I'll be your friend
saying by that radio I guess do it I
don't know what I'm doing Oh was that
right officer Moore else or more like
like Roger Moore how's he talk Roger
Moore well here I am boenish no that's
that's all Connery it's quite ironic
that's my name is more what can I do for
you ask about scuba yeah I can ask about
the scuba I don't know more about that
I'm not sure what you want me to do I
wasn't sure what I wanted either if they
say the Addis truth do you need to talk
to someone
I have many several goodness I got
interests you're the cop now dog
I'm gonna cut closer look at man okay
pain bond yes I was in Moore's in top
physical condition
he's energetic and happy kind of guy if
you would like to ever come with me when
I work out I could use the inspiration
bones I like looking at men when I work
out it builds up the testosterone don't
you think not saying I like to look at
wieners I like to look at the muscles
above and below the wieners if you look
at the wieners it turns you gay
little known fact about wieners didn't
know if you knew that bones if you just
look at the other muscle I mean who am I
talking to there's one dude here what
bonds where are you going I'm not done
talking about arenas and muscles bonds
what do you want to do game well what is
the proposed to stand by the ring but
Keith told you it no bond anyway I'm
going to a bar later and I thought maybe
if you joined me it wouldn't be so weird
it's a new bar it's called the man's
hole the lovely establishment I've been
to they're a great martini selection
we could go then drink martinis I don't
like diving alone and I'm the only dial
4 available you wouldn't happen to have
a scuba certification card would you yes
I do
oh why don't we why don't we slip out of
these clothes and into yeah you're
starting to confuse me I don't yeah
you're something strange to my ears I
don't know what you're talking about I'm
saying yet yet for some reason it sounds
oddly appealing I'm just saying I remove
all of your clothing and and get into
this I'm height outfit I'm very
conflicted great time no we know looking
though don't do it you'll want to but
don't well that guy's a quick-change
that is say okay bones take you know he
just grabbed hold of your equipment is
that what you're saying what I'm saying
is let's go in the back of this van aye
aye aye aye need to go shoot my gun I'll
be back in a minute
Jesus was there something in there about
diving about scuba yeah I really don't
believe I saw anything about scuba okay
let's see here personal conduct required
equipment standard operating procedures
felony arrests the use of firearms
homicide investigation radio codes
vehicle codes penal codes no there's
nothing in there about scuba take it all
three do I need that one that's too long
yeah that's way too watery large tonight
okay
did you take the unit do you have
flippers yeah oh god I didn't see I
don't know it's gonna Sam
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
doo - Doo officer Moore puts his map
puts on okay officer Moore puts his mask
and fins on climbs into the water and
disappears from sight beneath the
surface I quickly put on my own fins and
follow him into the swiftly moving river
going in headfirst
ohh oh my god this is a goddamn
adventure oh well it is an adventure
game this is what I'm saying is the word
or under water you're swimming with the
fishes oh there's a current Oh like
that's not moving there you go
I'm having trouble getting enough Oh as
you realize your air supplies what gone
what
of your air tanks reserve yeah what now
for fuck's sake oh Jesus
wait did you do end you have to do all
the like blood kidding yeah the voice is
starting to lose all meaning
okay we'll come back and we'll do this
oh I knew there was gonna be a problem
with those tanks I knew yeah you had
ready to inspect a tank or something
okay
big setback means we're all done all
done that's how these games worked
that's just how these games worked does
not seem as fun as well you know the
first police quest all of our voices
were new this is still fun okay all
right let's look up our subs subscribers
there yeah that's probably a good idea
let's do it oh you picked the tank
without checking all them yeah we did
that was that was our mistake
oh absolutely our mistake totally our
mistake ah you can say if it's not a big
deal yeah exactly I am just kind of
tired at this point I've been benign
still like last night I got home at 2:00
a.m. yeah cuz all day but we're doing
something and then I had to spend five
hours playing certain game and then I
got up a few hours later we came here
and we filmed our thing and then we're
doing this I'm I'm tired and it's been a
lot it's we've been working okay oh I
gotta go here go up I'm definite no shit
go grab you know you don't say
just go up Ches 87 15 months in a row
it's fish bus 14 months in a row radio
link down fisted by dope smoke 15 months
in a row but turds of green 15 months in
a row dinos
spumoni welcome just subscribed smelter
wedging all of us 18 months in a row
Sid Danny Chuck welcome subscribe to
head frogs Ambrose Ambrose Ambrose
Ambrose Oris Ambrose Aras welcome
humberto Cabbage Patch 14 months in a
row and rail means rail welcome to the
one year Club the real they on hometown
markup nineteen months in a row I just
cause a thing to jump all over the place
wall god I hope I'm gonna think oh my
god police quest to when we have like
8000 subscribers it's very shocking it's
crazy very shocked M palsu recon Center
always fun always fun loved over
beefcake 16 months in a row octo J 20
months in a row for some reason I never
noticed octaves J when they call out
subs you know what he he subscribed at
6:46 and if it's reoccurring monthly
thing if we start after seven we
wouldn't see him huh is it networks I
think so I think it's subscribed the
same time every okay okay I know also
didn't didn't you start a new thing a
new thing for people over 20 months I
forgot what it was oh my god octo J 20
fucking months in a row John kilo 322
fuckin month
oh god FATA 42 14 months in a row that's
a godfather fucker you do a godfather
deca we got a we got a ha Mandy it's
hard to fade thee within when you do the
Godfather Harmon V Bell deadly 21 fuckin
months in a row a skeletal snuggles meat
cluckums I like that one butch Deloria
Welcome Wagon uncool a man 17 months in
a row Sabre mouths even out because
movie that's nice crack cocaine dream
sign dream son dream soon fuck up
Wow no I just need oh the range the
vocal range
yes not there I know I know lost in
Technicolor 20 fucking months in a row I
last or is it a last I last I last 1984
the real Quaid 16 months in a row York
winded
hello Emma Drake oh hello my baby
nineteen months in a row but what do you
want what do you want
split miss bliss serious I think it's
hideous
yeah I got serious three
cbs3 welcome fuck that up
fuck that up to your waist Sunday laying
down some fresh cardboard kicking on
some sick boom boxes we got breakdancing
Bob welcome and KGB ate my bread thank
you for subscribing we really
appreciated it's true we really do we
really do really fun to get back to
please close to when when Jays not here
we'll play more of that and when he is
able play something else it's gonna be
great I look for the interview come on
up tomorrow the X come to interview
coming up tomorrow and later this week
we guys over do pretty wreck it's gonna
be super exciting and also something
really important
