Oct 30, 2016
Zombie Night Terror
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/102140403
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/102142674
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M4C8Qy8Unr0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2BwAAN8JnNM
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/792799118292688896

[Part I]
we had some tough calls to make rich
yeah we had some tough calls it was
there was a debate going on for like I
don't know 20 minutes there was a good
20 minute debate on whether or not we
should stream J for minutes before we
start streaming J has decided damn
minutes that now would be an appropriate
time to upload the Halloween episode of
the best of the worst wait you know
which is fine it's got to go up some
people want to chant wanted to watch it
yep and we thought like we could we
could delay the stream we get to late
week I don't want to watch too honestly
um but then some people in the stream
didn't want us to the way I was looking
at the chat and I can all we said would
be starting at a certain time and you
know people you know they got here on
time right right why should we punish
those people I'm just messing around but
at that point I had already said okay
well delay it and the chat right and
there's a oh no no we're now we're being
jerks right we were being jerks I guess
so I guess if some people are watching
it I guess you could watch that and come
back or streams are shit anyway you know
they're just garbage
they're garbage the human garbage are
you fixing the crop yeah I just fixing
the crop all we're talking I was I think
I'm done oh remember we changed the crop
when oh yeah I'm just gonna great yeah
perfect right there
that's great oh god we changed it for
when we had the two cameras for when Jay
was here yeah so in any case we decided
this dream Jay is the Yoko free right no
no like like Jay Jay made a really
appropriate call as far as he is
concerned yeah it's super important that
you get the Halloween episode up before
Halloween and so it's bad time it was
earlier today but right that's the only
problem is it's just bad timing for
but so if you're if you're here that's
great
if you're watching both that's great
everything is great we are going to play
Zombie night terror I don't know
anything about this game it's a zombie
game it's a zombie game I was looking
for a Halloween game last night you know
I know it was three minutes and I
probably yeah looking for something that
was appropriate and fun rather than the
like the roulette we usually do and then
it sucks yep
I look this team's got their Halloween
sales going on right now yeah yeah yeah
what I got and I saw this oh this is
both cheap and it looks fun I tried it
out and I played it for hours last night
oh great
it met with my approval great also also
I know like you just got this brand new
Mouse yep best reviewed gaming mouse
this is the Razer Mamba tournament
edition and I can just save for my
personal handshape it feels like garbage
I hate how it feels it's like with -
it's too long mm-hmm and so like I can't
I can't get any fine that's the
appropriate Mouse from my grip right
this is the whole thing that I I never
really thought much of so I started
looking for a new Mouse that like
different people hold Mouse's different
ways it's like a 50/50 split there's
like you put your whole hand on the
mouse I don't know why anyone would ever
do that
yeah or you got kind of like a fingertip
grip for somebody like back your palm I
was like three different ones mm-hmm
yeah and I'm more of a fingertip grip
where I kind of grip it with my - you
know my ring my pinky my thumb to move
it that's where I get most of my
movement from I find movement but I am
you know I'm not a big fan of thumb
buttons I would rather have not super
happy with those I would rather have I
would rather have more buttons like here
that's where my mouse has the buttons
yeah am I kind of on the side of the
main button the one I should have bought
a duplicate of my old one yeah it's got
both it's got buttons up there and it's
got buttons on the side I wish he just
got another one of those but I didn't
well you saw you know what are we gonna
take this back you saw one you wanted to
try it
okay it's like I looked up you know
reviews best gaming mice like nobody
mentioned the one I use uh-huh got zero
mentions really yeah I got a bunch oh my
god you know what I'll try it okay okay
you may need the the arrow keys to me
just to move the screen around okay hold
on
so select mutation mutates like the
character I was like okay okay okay
let's figure out what now what we do Oh
gibberish I do anything yet sir enough
all right
there's taking a new drum called Romero
oh okay I need to contaminate three
humans and kill 40 more yeah okay so you
have the little injection thing you pick
people to turn into zombies
okay well let's turn this cool guy into
a zombie yeah alright and then let's go
the other way oh oh they kind of go the
way they're walking okay I see what's uh
and try one in the middle he's
definitely gonna about you
oh here we go and you
and this one's pretty so this is just
like tutorial right right and even in
the later levels you don't even get
those injections you just start off with
a set number of zombies okay and you
have to spread them by biting other
people yeah we did it
did I do it yeah was it tutorial I mean
there's bonus objectives like I think
kill everybody
uh-huh for that one cool all right all
right I can do this I can do this I'm
fun I'm fond of the bonus objectives
there's a big-ass TV look we're coming
to you live from downtown let's believe
determination started click on laughing
no bubbles at the scene believe the
bizarre changes in the populace if I'm a
defective batch of uncooked drugs
how much was that's only a few bucks
it's like on say it's like 80% off it's
a it's a it's an older game and it's a
it's on a Halloween sale right now on
steam so investigation is ongoing stay
with us
April Fox zmt news
say good your drug thing it's probably
best to infect the guy with the gun
probably you know what it great great
everything is great oh oh I don't you
know what she she turns into just like a
zombie looking say no oh they all turn
into that they should have had different
ones but right what is this tutorial
let's hey makeup go upstairs Oh a lot
like lemmings they're just gonna go back
until they hit something and turn around
nice you wanted to go upstairs you gotta
do a thing okay okay I'm with you I got
it I got it
so see even a game it becomes a game
this is tutorial II kind of stuff we
didn't open the laptop the tips the tips
we forgot we have we've completely
forgotten about them oh and all the
lights are on
we're Tet we're terrible you know why we
spent so much time figuring out whether
or not we were going to delay the stream
to watch best of the worst that we
didn't you know okay so here we got our
zombies he's got a club he's bad news oh
I see yeah oh he got both of my guys yep
he's got a club but you got injections
so you can use those sure
all right I've been playing this just
for a little bit I really like it oh no
you need the password I'll never
remember it and I don't go to use real
quick okay we're doing great so far
hmm what do that to which oh the can't
they give you another injection okay
these these first stages are pretty easy
actually gets a lot more difficult
oh I bet it's a lot it's basically a
puzzle game okay
okay great so I'm gonna wait till
everyone is a zombie and on the second
floor and then I'm gonna make all the
zombies go upstairs
alright that's it that's a plan because
it's the Horde that hurts people you
know there we go and now go upstairs oh
there's a guy at the club yeah
in fact he's next to a guy with a gun so
he probably got a good shot shit I
thanked him too then there you go that's
the way to do home alright then you
gotta get them all out into the right
all right we can do that
alright so we go this we got this we got
this and we go this come down everybody
come on down whoo
yeah everybody come on down i
rollerbladed constantly rollerblading
for a large portion of my early teens
was my main mode of transportation I
hated rollerblades
fucking I loved them I was a blader I'd
blade all over the place I was a
rollerblade kid who win turned the wise
says yes who wanted a fight if Michael
Myers and Jason met up on the streets of
New York be well gents Jason
because I think Michael Myers is still
supposed to be human ultimately right
easy I know they did some weird shit
with like he's genetically engineered
and like the later sequels uh-huh and I
think that all got dismissed at some
point I'm still gonna say that
classically Michael Myers is a human
being
Jason is whatever the fuck Jason's kind
of mystical yeah he started off as his
mother right but there wasn't a Jason
and then he became just some kind of
like deformed man who killed people but
it's just a deformed man and then he
became a zombie man with arbitrary rules
on what kills him or doesn't kill him
yeah Jason is just vague enough to win
I'll go ahead and agree with you okay
I'll go ahead and agree with you also I
believe Jason has the size advantage
over him and Michael Myers yes size and
strength size and strength advantage
absolutely no don't go out the door oh
oh oh crap oh I see what I should have
done yeah yeah all right you know what
we're learning lessons if your zombies
fall too far they go split right yeah
yeah we're learning lessons of life how
does that even turn into a zombie I'm
not sure honestly well you know what
yours okay
you've ate enough people to win okay if
you feel like and you can infect the
people up there but I only got one
infected oh wait no I infected too but
there's also a gun person up this I
don't know if we go out yeah well well
you did a great job a great great it
great I feel like I did great majiggy
says part one of three oh hey rich
watching your solo stream recording and
your mouse problems are most likely
caused by the optical sensor having
difficulty tracking the surface you were
using I think they tried different
surfaces are you just using the mouse
pad yeah it's the mouse pad
it seems to be working all right today I
did bring the new mouse pad the bigger
mouse pad it's the most pair we use all
the time mmm and it's not had those
issues so yeah it could have been a
driver thing but also I just agree that
you know a new Mouse might be a good
idea what is this part 2 of 3 the
symptoms you had albeit less severe can
be reproduced by using an optical mouse
on an inactive iPad or a mobile phone
screen back of a CD or a piece of smooth
transparent plastic yeah but like I said
mouse pad that we use all the time yeah
front three or three if it happens again
try a quick change of surface before
changing things like drivers which I
consider to be an unlikely cause in this
case that various Kirk says thanks for
streaming on time uh-huh we can watch
best of the worst after the stream it's
fine lol watch Star Trek Oh an overlord
how do i make i turn the regular zombie
into an overlord
not right now yeah this would be a well
you do what you want hunker click on the
TV that's the tutorial whenever you get
something new this is a bro fox at the
scene of an outbreak with breaking news
we are beginning to understand what
effects the zombies behavior certain
so-called overlords seem to have gained
the ability to control other zombies as
the brain-dead generals of this
relentless attack they seem to be
steering their ghastly minions towards
the path of greatest destruction Hema
Fox the NZT news I don't understand it's
like a zombie roadblock see those guys
are all gonna fall off so you make one
our Overlord and which way do you want
the zombies to go when they don't but of
the Overlord oh I get it then you got to
get them up with the exit ok there oh
there we go I get it yeah I get
everything I get everything so it's like
a roadblock
he's like a zombie robot yeah gotcha
I'm toasted no I'm slightly ill I did
not and I did not take my my medication
because my medication does make me a bit
loopy so I'm just slightly ill Jack's
fine he's fine all right hold on what is
this this is a new thing so I can make a
zombie Overlord there's a little bridge
there that's it now a gap so we want to
destroy that destroy that okay so you
need to get your zombies down and over
right so we need one of them to be a
zombie Overlord and so we're gonna do
like right like on the Overlord Oh oh
shit there we go I did it I did it in
time and then can i uh Nover lord them
that's coming up in a second wow great
yay
I'm 100% a little I'm a little ill a
sacrifice loses a box another breaking
news update observers have seen certain
infected individuals spontaneously
combust in a ball of green flames we're
not sure what this means if anything
changes out you'll hear that buzz
infadoos okay so then we go boom and
then we sacrifice this guy yeah then
they get across again across all right
great puzzles yeah yeah it becomes very
puzzling we're solving puzzles yeah we
could have had Lou you could have had
Lou be Jack but that's also a Jack that
like I'm not sure I necessarily trust
driving like have you ever had mucinex
know if you get really snotty like you
take me usin X but it makes you it makes
it feel like your brain is like a half a
foot above your head and you're like a
second behind everything and so like I
wouldn't trust myself driving I think I
think I'm sensitive to things that make
you drowsy avoid anything that does that
yeah it's weird I took some on Saturday
because I was super mucousy and I just
felt super weird so I had Lisa drive me
everywhere mama says rich how many eggs
can you eat in one sitting
jack same question also rich how many
eggs can you sit at a sit on at one time
while eating Jack saved question I've
never dared myself to see how many eggs
I possibly could have in one sitting I
could eat a whole bunch of eggs that
fucking love eggs to to if I really
pushed myself and like all I was eating
his eggs I bet I could get a dozen I bet
I could eat a dozen eggs anything more
than that like that'd be crazy but I
could when it comes to breakfast foods
yeah
eggs ain't got nothing on pancakes or
hash browns hash browns are great eggs
hash browns and bacon are is the
American breakfast and toast eggs toast
hash browns and bacon you need protein
right it's breakfast you can only have
three items you need protein pancakes
hash browns bacon if I only get three
items its eggs toast and bacon you need
protein all right what do we got here
okay so I got my zombie horde we can
infect these people then I can kind of
get them all bunched up here what is
this and then we can get send him
upstairs and have him take care of these
people this is a gun guy right and I'm
him no no oh he's just a greaser he's
just a greaser if you want to get those
guys behind you you're gonna get an
overlord I got it come on I'm so all
fucking out it
then we sacrifice this doodlee yeah
boom-boom TC Brady 133 says what
celebrity have you guys met what was the
experience like aids cock my fuck Wow um
celebrities have I've met I guess max
landis yep these counts is just like
meeting a person there's just like
meeting a person you have met far more
celebrities and I have Jacqueline
doesn't like it's a lot like meeting
people because you know they're people
where do things people meeting us I know
I think why are you starstruck
I'm just rich Evitts right um no I mean
I've met and worked with a bunch of
celebrities because it's a weak question
oh you know what that is rich fucking
snap oh I see I didn't meet patton
oswalt I wasn't there
that's right that's right Patton was and
Patton was great like we didn't get to
hang out with him for a very long time
unfortunately cuz you know he's a busy
busy man but Patton is a lot like some
of the best celebrities I've ever met
who are who just kind of fucking love
what they're doing and we just love what
they're doing and and love being a part
of the process like like we love being
it one of my favorite celebrity
encounters was when Will Ferrell was in
town to shoot some old Milwaukee beer
commercials I I would he was we were
doing a bunch of Milwaukee stuff and I
got to be on the shoots and you know I
did a bunch of location scouting for
that and at the end of the day we all
went back to where he was staying and
watched the day's footage a lot like
anyone would do you know you you you
watch today's footage and he did the
same thing and was laughing at all of
the jokes and was just super into the
process of making something you know
where he said that was great you know
and that's what everyone does whenever
they shoot anything is they spend the
entire day just watching the day's
footage and that's what he did too and
it was super great and it was a really
great experience and that's all those
people on the second floor why darling
upstairs and they're not breaking down
the doors oh you should go back down
yeah I can get off them oh no you can't
you can't nope I got it quickly okay
yeah it paused the day it pauses it
pauses okay there was everyone a zombie
yeah break down that door
as everybody a zombie-like I've had a
few celebrity encounters where it's
either been like uneventful or kind of
awkward and you know where it's like
they just don't feel like they're just
not into it like we're into it and so
then it's like it just turns into a
weird situation oh wait wait wait no
there you go get that girl get that girl
but no for the most part most of the
celebrities I've gotten to meet have
been great there you know there was one
thing the first time I got to meet Will
Ferrell you know he obviously was is one
of the founders of Funny or Die a
company I worked for for a long time and
so I got to I've gotten to meet with him
and work with him on a few occasions oh
my god what was that so well you
finished the level anyway yes I get
those guys that's fine
well we have plenty of guys I think
you're good to go you even got the the
overkill oh yeah whatever that was oh
great or maybe it's still in effect well
I think those guys yeah I'm gonna eat
these guys cuz I want to eat these guys
oh the first time I met Will Ferrell was
when he was working on stepbrothers and
we had we had he had agreed to be in our
high five video high five Hollywood and
it was super cool meeting him and
talking with him and we got to meet and
talk with Adam McKay to the director and
everything was great and everyone was
having a great time and after we shot
with whale he was super cool he like he
were waiting on the set for stepbrothers
for him to you know come in and
his little bit with us and like he comes
into the room and knowing you know
scheduling knowing is singing the first
song from the for singing the song from
the first high five montage and he was
just so excited to like hey alright
let's do this what are we gonna do it's
gonna be great and I was just neat you
know it was just neat because he was
super into it click on the door oh yeah
right but my filmmaker freak work we're
name-dropping because we were
specifically asked about meeting
celebrities
that's not named Rob it's not that
answering a question named rapping is
when you is when you fit a fuck is when
you fit a celebrity name into a
non-celebrity name question that is not
what we're doing also are barely are
audio as a head of the camera our audio
is ahead of the camera
Rock yeah all right Jamie to play the
next all the while you fuck with that
well no matter what we'll need to oh
yeah I guess hold on okay so anyway just
to finish up my celebrity story is
afterwards so after we got done shooting
with well everyone was super happy we
all had a great time we catch john c
reilly kind of in a-- in a green room
ish area and he's I think he's playing
guitar here or something just you know
and he was he wasn't shooting at the
moment but he was gonna have to shoot
and our our producer director kind of
like walked up to him was like hey we're
doing this thing this high five million
times we'll just did it we were
wondering if you know you'd like to do
it and he he just he wasn't he wasn't
mean to us he was just Curt and he was
just like no man no I don't want to do
it it's like totally ban everything so
like he was in his own groove I'm sure
he had work to do which is fine but some
people were saying the audio was fine
other people saying this problem some
people saying it's just slightly off
easy fix and relative it's not an easy
fix if we'll see if it's an easy fix is
there a there is no delay on our audio
okay well we adjusted the camera
cropping we fucked something up
properties is there a delay on the D Oh
use custom audio device yep I wonder if
we should turn that off for the camera
what happens if we do that probably uses
the camera audio and now well but camera
audio isn't doing so well if I click OK
does that fix the problem problem or
does that make it significantly worse
these people are on drugs html5 switch
players sometimes Kazakh yeah and it
could be like a twitch thing it could
just be that because the video is being
processed at a slightly different rate
than the audio no the opposite I noticed
it now it worse it's worse yeah it's
much worse no it's fine no the problem
is still bad I have no oh my god you
people are terrible I need to let you
know that I need to let you know that
all of you are terrible and this is why
we have issues this is why we have trust
issues with you there ok I've changed it
back and I'm not caring anymore alright
we're done with that make it great great
alright
damnit mousetrap says does leaving the
end pieces and the bag help keep a loaf
of bread fresh or is that a stupid
stupid idea that it's a stupid stupid
idea I don't know enough about bread to
answer that question honestly no the the
thing with the end you know there's the
butts of the breads were the the full
crust pieces of the breads and some
people don't eat those because it's full
of crust even though it's a perfectly
good piece of bread it's great it's it's
just bread with a little more crust but
some people leave those end pieces in
the in the back because they don't like
them cuz they don't like them well
somebody else is saying they heard that
it keeps the bread fresher just some
kind of myth there was something that's
going around and I've heard nothing
about it and I couldn't tell you that's
it's purely a myth
like if if one you know like I guess
bread would mold from front to back and
so if you keep that crust there that
will mold first I think they should ask
a chef but well I guess here's that
here's my here's my question is so like
if that crust molds first are you gonna
eat any of the rest of that bread if one
of if one of your pieces is moldy no of
course not no one would well eat your
bread fast of Harry yeah the theory
they're saying is that keeps the
moisture in which means the whole thing
will be less likely to mold is what
they're saying whether or not that's
true I don't have a fucking clue it
keeps it fresher what it keeps the
moisture out which prevents it from
molding is what they're saying I don't
know if this is true at all how would a
piece of bread kiss Laura it's not
hitting the soft parts no that's you
know what that sounds that sounds dumb
that's what that sounds that sounds dumb
gobbledygook says this weekend I went to
another hole on the head horror film
festival in San Francisco one short film
had Roddy Piper's last performance in
portal to Hell might be tough to find
right now but check it out right oh no
oh I made him I made a horrible mistake
I made a horrible mistake he's evolving
into walking bombs whose explosions have
potential to inflict serious injury to
people and that's mention structural
damage to everyone around them great
I've made a horrible mistake rich I
infected the wrong person dealing with
shotgun man that kills a lot of people I
didn't know that shotgun man that kills
a lot of people was an option let's just
see what happens to if we explode a guy
that's nice no I mean I you know what I
assumed it he was gonna explode but
let's pause and does this redo let's
restart sellable let's wait let's go
ahead and restart the level
listen if you need to go watch best of
the worst
we understand just know that we are
streaming live now and you can talk with
us now and best of the worst will be
there anytime it'll be there all the
time it's not gonna go anywhere I can
see where they would think it's hard to
wait I could see oh and by the way we
struggled with that very same thing yeah
we we agonized over whether or not we
should stream whether we should delay
Anonymous is rich if I meet you will you
sign my chest and can I come over for
dinner look I don't think Karen would
like that very much if you came over you
would have to have awkwardly awkwardly
have dinner with the both of us I like
it I like it okay so now we need an
exploding zombie they don't destroy your
zombies oh that's good to know
they will propel them you can like use
that to get over like a gap yeah yeah we
need to explore the wall
uh-oh Oh we get multiple exploding
zombies I see that all right you see
your meter at the bottom exploding costs
somebody of those points people games
you points and so does so does
sacrificing a zombie okay
I'm with you
get all my all my peeps in this little
room here why fix that will explode one
there great I feel like I'm doing right
and then we're gonna sneak up on these
motherfuckers right here oh I didn't
know the cops were there somebody well I
they shot him oh you you you got lucky
my god sir you got lucky
I got incredibly incredibly lucky so
fucking lucky Wow Tiberius Kirk this
game is genuinely fun I I played this
for a while last night yeah it seems
genuinely felt like I could this these
are fun puzzles I like this and pause
we're gonna explode you we're gonna go
through the basement also spaces pause
yeah okay thank you quicker than just
you know going over to the top oh sure
oh no are you gonna drown no you're not
gonna drive here fine yeah it's not me
still true
anonymous says hi rich I mentioned the
following during your thief stream but
you were too embroiled in the game so
I'm not sure you heard no hard feelings
of course Batman returned the Caped
Crusader is the animated Batman
throwback featuring the voice of
reprising Adam West Warner brother
announced that Shatner is going to voice
to face in the sequel fingers crossed he
sabotages sabotages the Batmobile I
heard about it I'm not super in love
with the Adam West Batman I don't hate
the Adam West Batman but yeah yeah I
personally prefer my Batman a little
less can't be Caron exact opposite she
loves can't be as Batman I suggest
blowing up the door to your left first
those are some tough this is some tough
hombres we blow up things yeah you can
blow up the doors I and I just thought
we knocked him down so I tried to turn a
good thing I messed up who
that's a simple phrase make sure that
doesn't kill any my zombies feel like it
kills me it does but it it doesn't it'll
kill them if you like blow them up over
like a collapsible ground and they fall
to their deaths they can do that sure
but they don't seem to die from blowing
up let's see here how about won't take
on you gobbledygook says I have been
watching lots of food creative cooking
streams on Twitch lately if you two ever
cook something what would you cook Jack
bacon eggs or ice coffee
rich cheese fries or cheese steak I
could mean cheeseburger are you good
yeah lucky somebody tore that vamper
that van spawns the club guys oh oh and
now I can't get back up oh I should have
looked into that first I was hoping to
take care of these guys and then go back
up and finish up yes you're actually
done with level oh yeah I know so you
did fine just didn't kill everybody
you didn't kill everybody but the bonus
objective is to blow up oh okay okay so
you did perfect yay yay yeah I could do
I could I can show you how to make like
the most delicious scrambled eggs ever
okay but I could show you cooking
stream-wise how to how to perfectly make
iced coffee from scratch
perfect iced coffee the delicious you
know I cult like I could I catch a cold
brew iced coffee right if we're gonna do
a cooking stream I don't know okay
actually I you know like because because
of my my diet I don't really cook that
often or and like the things I cook are
very simple where it's like spinach ate
beans eggs boom right right it's not
very exciting to watch it's not like
we're not chefs we're not chefs right I
could go I could go through my my weekly
meal prep my my dinner every day is
exactly the same like my breakfast and
like my lunch which is chicken broccoli
and beans but I make it all on Sunday
and then dole it out into five portions
so I have five meals so that might be
fun like oh this how to make my chicken
put it all in my bowls and here's how a
portion and out then you know that might
be a fun cooking stream board game
stream you know there's a very important
reason why it hasn't happened because
it's really hard to schedule that many
people together it's just that easy
it's just house scheduling it's just
scheduling usually you need a good
number of people for a board game Oh
like it's got a lot of thrust yeah
you're out of juice you need to
sacrifice a zombie oh I was that what I
got to do what's the tutorial nagging
you about on the top of TV oh yeah oh
this is April Fox live from the outbreak
site where the situation is getting
steadily worse scientists are now
cautioning that zombie evolution appears
to be accelerating early analysis shows
the point of existence points to the
existence of what experts are calling a
self-immolating zombie which can
sacrifice itself to provide a DNA boost
to the Horde so that's basically is the
tutorial for coming off your own zombies
to get juice gotta get that juice
and this door cannot be broken no
nothing I have found yet in the game
will break those doors okay
I need more Oh anymore even more juice
then you get sacrificed I'm sorry my son
befriend zambini a great zombie knee
explode you
and we'll get this thing which I'm sure
is another tutorial we're getting word
of sightings of what people are calling
exploding overlord zombies these
abominations explode more forcibly and
over a larger area than any zombie we've
ever seen also authorities would like to
remind people that the outbreak is well
in hand
so the roadblock guy blows up big all
right yeah I'm with you also the rules
appear to be classic Romero anybody that
dies becomes a zombie nice no I guess
that's right so the explosion that kills
the guy upstairs
we'll make him a zombie nice bharden
alright and explode oh no I don't have
enough DNA sacrifice a zombie and
now I get it
great yay from a Firenze
jack yes subject what's the name of the
cold brewing system that you use and
talked about months ago I forgot to look
it up on Amazon at the time um no I
don't I don't remember exactly but
basically if you go to Amazon and you
just look up cold brew cold brewing
picture there'll be a bunch of them and
basically it's just a cylinder that's a
that's a mesh colander that goes inside
of a pitcher and you put your beans
inside the mesh colander cylinder and
water in the pitcher and leave it sit
overnight and and it's great it's a
super simple way to make iced coffee
it's a little weaker than if you make
your own cold brew concentrate but it's
so much simpler that it's super worth it
it's super worth it
what are you oh maybe the person we need
some sacrifices no no we don't need it
well we don't have any bombs Oh
or we could just Ken bomb whatever I get
it
I hold on where y'all going
come on back she's a regular problem oh
yeah just wait for him to get back
nevermind nevermind all right but I see
a problem already oh wait is C is this a
bridge that's a gap that's a gap bridge
would be white okay so we need a few
more sacrifices what do we need to turn
into a zombie okay you only need one to
turn him into a oh great you got just
enough I get it turn you into a
roadblock now that I see a camera wait
you're about to make a mistake
and I think I'm about to learn a lesson
rich okay
I'm about to learn a valuable lesson
that was almost your mistake what not
not breaking down that door because if
you go to the right they're gonna fall
through that door five of them on that
right well it'll collapse and then you'd
never be able to get at the electric box
cuz they'd all just fall through and in
the hole under there gotcha
take that down
all right now if you want to let like
four through right
who would limit when it armwrestling me
or Jack how much are you willing to pay
me to throw the match oh come on guys
well I'd see that now click on these
doors
got to be careful more than five go
online I had it right the first time
Rica chigger four more through one two
three four oh you're good you're good
well only three though well I guess
three I'll do ya want to do it oh there
we go there's four I want optimal
carnage rich yeah optimal carnage I just
said I would guarantee a loss that's all
I said
if one an arm-wrestling loss I would
guarantee an arm-wrestling loss for
money for money for money um my guess is
rich would win I'm incredibly weak I I
am too I'm a weak pathetic it would be I
guess that's it that's the real the real
thing you know okay so we can sacrifice
we can sacrifice you now you're gonna
fall through here and you're probably
gonna fall through here too right yeah
the only way to get at that one guy mmm
just right there
actually those two guys you're gonna
have to use a bomb to blow a zombie
across the gap Oh fun you don't need to
do them I think the bonus objective is
kill everybody they'll sure so it's not
necessary
if I blow you up pull you've reach no no
there's two there though because if one
behind if you can that might do it if he
blows up fast enough nope nope Oh around
the whole head out the whole hordes
coming this doesn't look like FTL does
it does it need to yes
is that a gun guy no how are you feeling
about this so far oh so far so good I
would love a like you know I get it I
get that they're going kind of for you
know a very specific visual style yeah
but I would love there we go for why I
love for things to be clear because
there are specific things whereas like
all the gun guys and like the gun guys I
it was hard to tell whether or not that
was a gap because of the super
simplistic art style so I would love a
little more clarity on what is what but
I can only imagine you would just figure
that out yeah you can zoom in a bit so
you get with a mouse wheel okay blow up
blow blow that one that's by the door up
can I go cuz I can't get okay I get you
and then I need to blow up in there oh
no I think I don't know if you can I can
I can do it we okay you can take some
sacrifices yeah yeah the guys about to
fall right now you know a few others
no you're gonna have um got a couple of
them over great
oh did get him anyway yeah I didn't
think that explosion was enough to reach
him but oh it was all for naught
oh the explosion got the jump the extra
jump was all for that yeah I'm fine with
that I'm fine with that kind of loving
this game uh yeah yeah it's fine fine
you use the flat cannon on those zombies
I am those fucking zombies goddamn it
the zombies are the flak cannon now the
bonus objective that one took me a while
to figure out for this but I eventually
got it yeah to get everyone else to kill
everybody in the level I think is the
bonus objective sure age it's hard you
see those people down to the bottom of
the subway yeah they're very hard to get
at that that space they fall from like
right above it yeah zombie that falls
from that far will kill them uh-oh but I
found a loophole
that's far enough to kill a zombie right
no it's also far enough to kill a living
human the thing is if a living human
falls and dies they get up as a zombie
ah ah that was the key I had to get a
person to fall down that hole Oh clever
that was a puzzle tag it was a puzzle I
loved it
how utterly terrifying right we're gonna
blow up some zombies that's probably why
I didn't go through that way oh you
didn't know
Oh where'd you go I killed the guy up
top there with an explosion oh well I
suppose that would work too oh we need a
big explosion to get him yeah that's how
I did it though wondering if my way will
even work
hey you just need to talk through your
way will work I don't think I can get up
my way mmm well you could still beat the
level that way oh sure I could beat the
level I'm gonna do I need to kill the
beat at 16 because you don't need you
don't need to bite people to kill them
explosions work just as well right like
you could blow up those guys staying on
the platform from underneath and then
they go across and terrorize everyone
else we're gonna sacrifice some peeps
here
where's the one you got blow up don't
want to sacrifice him
oh man that your explosion thing you've
got three you need six oh I need sound
my oh my your friendly bar tell
yourselves I even I shot another one up
there that's not what he said no I think
you killed oh did you I shot I shot
another zombie up there good have fun
good now we have more to work with
you're a friendly bartender says love
you guys
but I think that the chap doesn't get
enough praise for sort of co-creating
the stream so Cheers don't you fucks in
the chat hello Roo Jaime whoo yeah
Roo Jaime what rou-ha-nee whoo yeah all
right I'll take it
we love our Chad goddammit we complement
the mall we complement them too goddamn
much Tommy that's probably true that's
probably true two months we need to stop
I need to transmutate him
no I mean the everyone in the chat is
aware that we would be lost without them
that is not as not a secret half man
half cat says Jack and rich yes have you
guys or anyone in Arlen played Dungeons
and Dragons I have a feeling you'd roll
interesting characters uh no I think
we've talked about before someone in our
alum has what someone was pretty into it
in high school
Oh Mike Oh Mike liked the role plan I
was leave that I would believe that I
don't know if he played standard
Dungeons and Dragons
he played something mmm and if he played
other games uh you know i-i've always
said that I think I would really enjoy
Dungeons and Dragons
I had just never found the right group
you played some kind of post-apocalyptic
kind of game but I know I never I never
played with him so sure
sure sure
like I think might play the Star Trek
RPG too ah
for all I know that's what started it
yeah
you did it jack you did it I did it I
mean I didn't do all of it yeah your
goal was to get to the end yeah
once you just need to blow up that door
and you're there by the way you see
those dark zombie this is like bonus
zombies oh they become yours after you
like touch them if you walk past it oh
yeah yeah it's kind of my leg up with
the street there just use regular
talking about great like that one is
like trying to eat a tire that's always
fun that's fun and we did it
hey we did it is this like zombie FTL no
no really it's no it's not it's like
it's more like zombie lemmings or zombie
this is very very similar to yesterday I
like this more than lemming so what is
it called Abe's odd world
abe's exoddus very similar to to that
game where it's you know it's more just
about crowd management in and that's how
you solve the puzzles take a zombie to
the drug lord gun master kill everybody
with a gun which is an optional
objectives so you can pair the camera to
survey the level ahead of time right I
already see a little bit of what I have
to do right I'm into lemmings the only
objective is to get to the end right
here like it's like different objectives
eat the person get the thing
oh the people lemmings didn't need
people lemmings didn't eat people no
they didn't I don't know about that hey
I didn't click on you there we go
sneak attack rich sneak attack didn't
work Wow it's okay it's okay
well shit we're still doing fine now hey
rich and Jack what is the worst thing
you're each willing to do for one
trillion and is a taco a sandwich
Becca was a taco you know what and I
know tackle was a rap I've given a lot
of thought to this hot dog sandwich
thing I've even gone as far as to I was
I was thinking of putting together a
little video uh-huh there's a there's a
hot dog place in town there's a sandwich
place in town and there's a culinary
school in town that's like I will
interview each of them and you know well
make a cute little video but after
talking with the hot dog guy
I thought I just talked with him over
the phone I was like hey I want to put
together video you want can I come by
you know like what will show you place
and I just want to make a dumb video
about whether or not a hot dog is a
sandwich yeah and he just goes well of
course a hot dog is not a sandwich it's
not talking it's like oh that's great
that'll be your perspective and you know
talk to the sandwich guy and I'll talk
to the culinarian student you know we'll
get a little bit of everyone he and he
goes
everyone's gonna tell you the same thing
because a hotdog is distinct enough as
its own thing to be its own thing like a
taco
okay and I was like oh yeah I guess that
makes a lot of things wait wait wait
wait did you talk to the culinary people
no no I owe them differently then you
still have a video he just has a strong
opinion and you're looking for a strong
opinion he just wouldn't let his strong
opinion turn you off during the video he
dissuaded me from making the video
because I was like oh that makes total
sense
I would side with him I can't be
objective anymore in this whole
is the hot dog sandwich thing he
convinced me because I was like oh you
want you only would have been in trouble
if he said of course it's a sandwich yes
then everyone would have said his
sandwich that's what and you know what
too much turkey that's exactly why I'm
not a journalist I would be a terrible
journalist I would be the worst so much
alight much like a taco
of course it's half a co is a whole
different thing that's a wrap but much
like that a hotdog is a specific enough
entity where it is a tube of meat placed
in a specific bun meant for that tube of
meat and because it is sewn entity what
if I take a hamburger patty and roll it
up into a hot dog shape and put it in
that bond with chase but then it then
you don't have it's not like sausage dog
no cousin a hot dog what is that you
need you need like the sausage casing in
the specific bond you need to like take
the hamburger meat put it in making a
sauce okay what if I take the hot dog
meat out of the casing yeah and I put it
in the hot dog bun is that a hot tug you
still have a video am i right
I think you know what you need to do huh
you need to take a hot dog yeah take it
out of the casing and just put it in the
bun bring that to the hotdog guy and say
now what is this what is this you mr.
hotdog man tell me you tell me my
hardball joes what what I really need to
find I need to find a sandwich guy like
a sandwich expert who absolutely
believes that a hotdog is a sandwich you
know so like maybe if I can find that I
have a video again there's a corndog a
hot dog that's on a stick that's a hole
as a whole nother thing no no it's it
that's on a stick and it's a whole
nother thing now that says hey guys who
do you consider as your main comedy
influences thanks for all the great
entertainment over the years lol whistle
my missile whistle my missile lol
whistle my missing
myself that sounds horribly arrogant but
I didn't get into comedy because I saw
somebody underneath if you can't even
say I in do comedy like a stand-up
comedian
it's not like I saw somebody that said I
don't want to do that I just joked
around with my friends uh-huh that's
really how it happened and I like a lot
of comedy but I I would I'll give a
similar answer to rich where I I don't
think I am emulating anyone style enough
to say like oh this person is what
really influenced me I mean I love
George Carlin sure sure I wouldn't say
he influenced me to do web videos that
were funny no you know the only answer I
have for that is Kevin Smith because
after seeing clerks and just seeing that
two people talking about pop culture
things could be funny and entertaining I
was like oh my god I can do this you
mean I can just have a bullshit
conversation and people might find it
entertaining shit
man get him use an exploding one near
them it's a good idea yeah wait can't do
it do it do it
there you go Jack no you read that relly
great but we got more we got more
exploding guys here oh wait we can we
can take care of you we can because I
got those things we can take care of you
mister gun man and we can take care of
oh my god there's so many yes this is a
big it's really heavy
Jagga didn't care didn't care at all
rich I am NOT a strategy game person
yeah thinking ahead is not my forte
gobbledygook says ask vendors about
Wikipedia read the very opening
statement and the references also is a
tomato a fruit or vegetable it's a bit
fun who you ask and why no it's a
vegetable link I'm sorry it's a it's a
fruit a tomato is a fruit because it's a
berry a tomato is a berry okay it is it
is grown on the outside of a plant and
it has seeds on the inside it is a berry
yeah video here you still got it you
still got it man is that is a hat on
your sandwich talk to the culinary guys
yeah the culinary guy says Justin Ellis
of Sandwich yeah we're gonna call an
area I know this it's a sandwich you
have a video that's true or I just need
to I need at the culinary person or a
sandwich person I need someone to
disagree with the hotdog guy that's all
I need and yet like I said the hotdog I
convinced me so I was like I fuckin I
don't need it I guess I can turn you
into a zombie and then get more Zito
yeah then you know well no you intervene
every other culinary guy then you
interview the hot guy that guy and then
when the hacker the hot dog Isis is
definitely not a sandwich you show the
video of the culinary guide and then you
get his reaction
ah and then you then you say to the
hotdog guy are you gonna you to let him
say that do you yeah are you - look just
let him get away with that and then you
see what he does you gotta you gotta
poke him with a stick sometimes jagan oh
my good
you just gotta let him say that oh my
god it's love is so big all right
great
biddies we can get that another gun guy
that's another gun guy
it's two gun guys up there your only
real objective is to get it over to the
right right just trying to see like you
know where you know I know I'm gonna
have to leave my zombies through here up
here and then fall down the thing in
order to you know get to my objective
and once I fall down the thing these
guys I so I need to use my shots to take
out these guys okay that's the strategy
right oh yeah no I'm gaining a strategy
is this a gun guy no so I can get
another shot and just that's fine
yeah thanks I don't worry I gotta figure
it out do I probably not do gobbledegook
says again read Wikipedia opening line
yeah it's know what Kapadia says a
hotdog is a sandwich good and you just
gave up in the video I did cuz cuz the
the hotdog guy who you wanted for a
strong opinion than hot dogs had a
strong opinion on hot dogs
hey you know what I was got like it was
a video I was kind of like half-assedly
like going through pre-production of
anyway and then the hot dog I was like
you're dumb and I was like okay I guess
I am like I gave up I was making other
stuff anyway like I had some other
videos to make you know so it wasn't
high on my priority list it was a video
that was not high on my priority list
all right now we're ready to beat down
this door we had another one coming Adam
says happy Halloween
hello you guys get the heroin I mailed
you just kidding to any Drug Enforcement
agents in the chat
lol honed my skeleton bone Ryan Villa
being drunk and incomprehensible oh god
the most recent best of the worst I hope
I wasn't too bad you made the episode
okay now all I want is an exorcist slash
terminator mashup movie damn that's gosh
darn it
I can't wait to see the episode like I
really hope I'm not terribly terribly
drunk because I felt like I was can I go
down this is great best of the worst
guys Jack was certainly three sheets to
the wind
I was wave I was way further than three
sheets like I like I said I when they
told me you know like I was already like
I'm drinking I'm gonna get a little
drunk that's how I like I was I was
drunk at the start of the conversation
and when they told me I was in the
discussion yeah my drunk mind said well
now the bit is I'm going to get more
drunk and that little green beer can
that I have is something like eight
percent I was the right call yeah yeah
that was the right comedy call too much
Newton you sang Jax sacrificed to trap
zombie for free DNA one of time he's
that trapped actually oh sure break that
thing down it's got a thing under it oh
I didn't even notice that let's do that
them I could sacrifice um like it
doesn't really matter I think I have
enough people on the Chad who have
launched the new best of the worst how
did how bad did Jays editing make me and
Jack look when our arguments where we
absolutely destroyed him yeah oh we
absolutely destroyed him as far as oh
shit
I think you got enough vision oh yeah
I'm fine
we're fine we got the Horde we got the
Horde we got the whole horde yeah words
the way to go oh of course
listen I know how zombies work wait wait
dumpsters yeah yeah I am okay okay and
they're gonna go this way
yeah my only concern is this gun guy
right here but I can always blow someone
up I have so much DNA does he shoot down
no I don't think so you have enough of a
horde I don't think you have to worry
about him too much
yeah he'll take out a couple button see
this is what I was were good shots but
I'm fine you'll be fine you'll be fine
he's not a shotgun guy though right this
they got multiple ones he's just gonna
get overwhelmed yeah yeah only killed
one oh great you're even great all right
these girls are no problem I don't think
they have guns do they have guns
no they're just don't spoil the best of
the worst in the chatter please don't
they have purses they do not have guns
if you spoil the best of the worst
you'll be putting a cold on yep hey hey
be cool yeah be cool man be cool people
where Jack was not drinking SuJu that
night sued you were you read ringing
that that Nathan boy on the Halloween up
so that like soda yeah no no I was
drinking resin yeah which is it's one of
my favorite beers cuz it's so small and
stuff you get in Dark Souls the pine
resin
yes pine resin is one of my favorite
beers because it's very tiny so it's
very it has a very small calorie count
but it's super high in alcohol it's like
eight or nine thousand so one tiny
little can is like drinking two or three
beers which for someone who's counting
calorie conscious it's a great it's a
great beer it's the resin double IPA
that I was drinking that night okay so
what's the deal here like I see this box
that's sending a signal over here is
this a closed door that will be if you
trip the thing ah
so if I go to get this person yes you'll
lose that I'll lose that and if you have
more than four on that platform you will
also lose that right because that's
collapsible I see now you think inject
well that's I get puzzle in them but see
that's one of those things where it's
like it's not very clear whether or not
this is opened or closed you know that's
what I was talking about with with
design closed is usually white I've
noticed okay okay hold on we're gonna so
I only need to send if I only send one
up
nope didn't know go up there there you
go a little bit strategy Jeff Jack that
hold you jet jet oh crap
no no no well this is going to Oh
alright you might need more no I might
need more or get your explosion ready
Oh explode them exploder ate him yeah
no there's more coming out you're just
gonna have to get there an attack that's
all right horde maybe he'll come down
come on down
see ya what see what's down here does
that room just spawning them them what
no there was another room like that down
here that uh it only uh I guess I think
it's been listened to many wait
exploder eight no it's okay
darn it it's okay you don't love you
really well but look who got in here
yeah I don't know you're not gonna kill
everyone but for the bonus objective you
just need to kill all the gun guys oh
right right
alright I don't know that you can
honestly I think you might be fired
well like these two guys I like I have
two serums but then then there's these
three guys here and these look like big
gun guys like this is a shotgun guy
right here so I want to save at least
one serum for that guy she probably
saved both
probably I see like there's a kid
there's there's a camera here which will
make more guys come out here yeah but I
want to deal with these guys first so
whoever drops first I'm gonna mutate
them into a Overlord overlord and push
them that way so I don't trigger the
cameras I think it's also mine there
there's a lot of shit going on oh my god
there is a mine yeah there's a lot of
shit going on alright that's what the
pause button is for hey Michelle you he
could use the needle to get at that girl
oh and you would get another needle
yeah it's it'd be a trade it mean even
trade me an even trade but if like if
that's not like the like you said it's
only the gun guys alright wait wait
let the hoard up huh the hoard the whole
oh oh the all goddamnit the hoard still
stuck I was half thinking rich do they
that kill him they will fuck it's okay
it's okay
you got a horde you got a horde coming I
got a whole horde coming oh and we broke
down the thing so that's good got a
whole horde coming but I want to take
care of these guys before these
knuckleheads come out bouncing erm
mustard lover says hey guys have you
tried the game slay away camp
it's a cartoony puzzle game where you
play the murderer from a slasher movie
and have to kill all the teens on the
level it's pretty fun not played that
particular one we have it I I got that
that looks like an RPG no no sleigh way
is is the one that's it's like a it's
like a puzzle game yeah where but it's
like isometric and it's it's like you
can only move vertically or crosswise
and you have to figure out like how to
kill them in one move without over
tracing of steps or something okay it
was again it was a game I had that we
were gonna play with Jay but we had so
much fun with vomit
okay shant that's got an interesting
question and I think it's worth of
trying don't don't kill him yep oh let's
do it you needed to tell me that way
sooner well I go ahead told you that
while it was paused and before you hit a
button nope too fast I'm too fast for
you go ahead what he said of yours Kirk
is saying yeah can you blow up those
cameras from above let's needle her let
her get the letter get the extra
injection Overlord them in the bottom so
they don't walk into the camera
I can't overload the just pick one you
can he's close enough they'll all do
what you want okay she's needled all
right let her get that thing then when
she walks back into the corner explode
and see if it'll take out No oh the door
opened why - the door open why did the
door open that's very weird that is very
weird I guess we'll never know
if I know I'm my overlord won't explode
bad fire but you could try right before
you walk into the camera range
that's right blowing them up but I have
you may as well just hoard your way I
have a big enough door yeah I'll be fine
but owe you something of mine good good
okay so I have to Natalie thingies so I
can take out two of these guys and then
my horde can probably think that's the
way to go to take out two of the guys in
there No so we'll take out the shotgun
guy first and this big guy I can't meet
him yeah and him haha oh oh that
dickhead
that's okay no I needed to take out him
- no you just needed to get a zombie in
there
no no cuz he's still alive I know he's
supposed to be
oh he's supposed to be oh well then I
did it yeah great I wanted to kill him -
maybe later oh maybe he shows back up oh
maybe they're doing a thing left over
beefcake says can we get a project
hornish status update project
oh here's so here's the status update of
project Hornet we were not ready to
reveal yet we have the help of a couple
people do we do we feel like naming the
people yet or first okay we will be we
will be having them sign NDA's
non-disclosure agreements and contracts
on Monday tomorrow I know it's all very
official I know it's shocking it's crazy
so we've we've we're talking to a couple
people who are probably in chat right
now but we won't say who they are we're
gonna have them sign official
non-disclosure agreements and contracts
Monday and we're gonna we're gonna get
to work as basically as soon as they're
ready to but it's very very exciting and
I'm terrified it's great no I'm
terrified in a good way because like as
a creative person nothing gets me more
excited than doing something outside of
my comfort zone where it's like it's
like a puzzle that you get to figure out
you know and so uh hey Jay did you see
oh yeah yeah we will talk about after
the Apple announcement so maybe later
next week we can you know what when we
have something to show you we will show
it to you okay is what I'm going to say
before we make any sort of hashtag
project Hornet announces announcements
well wait till we have something to show
you
rich yeah you don't care about Apple
computers at all no I don't great let me
tell you about Apple computers they had
they had an Apple event last week yeah
that was kind of dedicated to the
MacBook Apple's laptop uh-huh and this
was very exciting for Apple people
because they they spent the majority of
the developers conference talking about
iPhone and I watch and a bunch of boring
crap that had nothing to do with like
with the hardware that professionals use
but rumors started to leak that they had
this other event that was going to
concentrate solely on like Pro Hardware
Pro user hardware and then it was
discovered that it was gonna be all
about the MacBook Pro which doesn't mean
a whole lot to me but you know a lot of
people use their laptops their Apple
laptops for work okay editing videos
editing photos I have an Apple laptop
that I have edited on and it works great
they've given up on their desktops right
I mean they've kind of so here's the big
announcement yeah here's here it is that
you know obviously hardware upgrade
the body of the MacBook Pro is slightly
thinner slightly lighter all that all
that fun stuff right are you ready for
the big innovation the Big Apple
innovation they took out the headphone
jack
no they did not take out the headphones
oh yeah they did think on that but no oh
you know what I don't even know if they
have a headphone jack I'll be honest
with you because I stopped paying
attention after they showed the thing
their big announcement was now where
your function keys are on your keyboard
for their laptop yeah is a touchscreen
is a touch display screen that will
change its functions depending on what
program you're using all right which
kind of sounds neat and so they gave a
couple examples like hey if you're
editing in Final Cut like it wouldn't it
be great to have a bunch of like hotkeys
here for your functions and as someone
who edits professionally all I can say
is oh so this is just an easy way to
remember shortcuts
yeah like keyboard shortcuts which is
something that every professional knows
by heart they're gonna make it simple
and put it on a little touchscreen yeah
that's it all right that's the big
announcement all right really done fine
yeah I think it's done more expensive
yes it's super dumb also there can't be
bothered to give a fuck about what Apple
does right I can also it looks like
they're get they're getting rid of a
bunch of the separate ports like right
now my MacBook Pro has an SD card reader
yeah and if you are shooting video if
you are shooting photos professionally
if you are doing just using any sort of
equipment you need an SD card read we
need them for cameras we need them for
still cameras we need them for our audio
devices everyone needs an SD card reader
new MacBook Pro no SD card reader so
they have this thing yeah that'll make
it easier for people to learn to edit
videos and they're taking all the thing
you need to edit videos well you can buy
an adapter there there including like
they got rid of the SD card they got rid
of a bunch of stuff and like they've
added like alright yeah no and I know
rich doesn't care and like I'm not in
the market right now
but if I were in the market for a new
pro laptop and I and I am I'm a huge
Apple fanboy
I love Apple I love I and this is
something I was talking about we're in
the market for a new laptop you'd be in
the market for an old laptop I'd be in
market for an old Apple Apple because
the things I would want aren't on the
new ones and it just doesn't make any
sense it doesn't make any sense
USB seaports not USB 3 ports no that
isn't software base they don't even have
an escape key it's on the it's on the
touchpad they found the touchpad wrench
so I get like right a virus that would
run a program and you wouldn't have any
available way to turn it off because
there wouldn't be an escape key oh yeah
no also like the specs for the macbook
pro is not up to current technology like
it's not it's not top of the line out of
the box yeah it's it's like a whole
bunch of this rich it's a whole bunch of
this I know you don't care I don't
comprehend it's Apple seems to think
that you can add by subtracting and
sometimes you can sometimes you can you
know what you know what they added by
subtracting the iPhone subtracted the
physical keyboard added full screen
touch technology right and that worked
like fucking gangbusters hey well and
and people bitch people bitched about
getting rid of the physical keyboard and
we've now everyone it's ubiquitous now
full screen phone right
they got one win under their belt and
they're caring that through I have a
2012 MacBook Pro with a goddamn Ethernet
port right no prices are ridiculous like
they're so there was so much wrong with
it and they were giving examples like
how you would use this this touch screen
and they're like like hey if you're if
you're sending an email like you could
put some hotkeys here to like instead of
using your mouse and hitting reply you
could hit reply on your keyboard
my hands already on the mouse and and
you know the it's right there it's a
it's a it's a it's a trackpad on the key
because this isn't for the laptops oh
yeah so like if your hands are right
here literally your thumb is like two
centimeters away from the thing already
and it's like it's a multi-touch it's a
multi-touch thing and you already have a
multi-touch trackpad it's the dumbest
it's dumbest somebody else does with
their toys they can do what they want
anonymous is actually right oh my god no
T C Britney one three three says Jack
wells other than broccoli is good with
chicken and rice I fuckin hate broccoli
also what is a good sauce to have with
the meal have a great week
fuckos blimey Myka Fraggle he's great I
don't know what you're talking about
brain use the vegetable green you need
greens like if if you're I can only
assume because you're talking about like
chicken rice and a vegetable that you're
talking about healthy meals and there's
two things you need out of your healthy
meals one is fiber and the other is
protein broccoli will give you fiber and
you fucking need it if you don't want to
go the broccoli route you might want to
go spinach but my guess is if you're
turned off by broccoli you'll be turned
off by spinach the the best sauce you
can make is from the chicken itself so
here's how I make my chicken for all all
my my meals is I have some like generic
like mrs. - chicken seasoning olive oil
on the chicken a shit ton of this
chicken seasoning on it salt and pepper
bake it in a pan that collects the juice
then you take that pan with the juice
remove the chickens put a tiny bit of
butter in that pan with the juice maybe
a little olive oil if you need to like
get a little bit more out of it and bake
it a little bit longer don't like cook
it down because then you're cooking it
in like the the crispy chicken leftovers
that are left on the aluminum foil it's
all that chicken juice butter olive oil
you cook it down a little bit that's the
sauce that's gonna turn your meal great
then you take that sauce pour it over
your cut-up chicken broccoli for me
beans for you rice and it's it's it's a
sauce that will enhance the flavor of
everything okay because you can't you
can't do like an alfredo because that's
just like cream and fat you know like
you can't there's so many sauces that
won't work with it also just salsa which
is very like I don't know how you feel
about salsa yep yeah when do you know
tomato-based sauces you don't like them
and I'm like pasta right I'm like an
Alfredo what kind of sauce well yeah
yeah yeah because it's tastier but I
like I said I assume he's talking Diet
friendly yeah go with some salsa because
that like you're gonna get a ton of
seasoning in the salsa the tomatoes and
chicken will pay a really nice together
little stocker limit a little you know
what a little chicken stock would be
great in there as well yeah that's a
good idea
no I do not I do not wait left i'm i
think i discussed this earlier i'm a
weak weak man
yeah yeah technically i-i've tried
workout programs before and I was into
one pretty deep for a while and then I
just got too busy and I gave it up okay
people who thought they could take high
ground are being proven wrong a new
mutation appears to have given these
hideous creatures the ability to jump
when will the madness end you can jump
out I can jump now jump jump jump well
we got a we got a blow-up a thing first
look I was standing on it dude wait I'll
just jump on him okay madam says dude
Jack don't worry yeah how bad you come
across in the episode you still won't
one-up my college roommate who once
tried to finish a project slash paper
after downing several ever clears oh
it's probably the best paper the best
paper what a dumbass what zombies
crawling around as it jumps in oh I
guess I'll leave my high ground
what are you have to die absolutely what
a goddamn dumbass I'm so tired of
solving problems to better software now
you could solve them through our kane
proprietary hardware gimmicks oh well
dingle my dongle I know I know
yeah it's a sign they're out of ideas
and you know this is something you talk
about a lot when Gabe leaves valve right
Steve Jobs unfortunately passed away
yeah and Steve Jobs was fortunately it
was kind of a prick I I don't believe he
murdered anyone okay I'm sure he was a
prick as he was a very crude businessman
but he gave the world a lot of really
fun things to play with all right okay
and I'm 90% sure he didn't murder anyone
chad is probably gonna prove me wrong
like oh no is a case we thought I'd
murdered someone in any case he was he
was the he was the lifeblood all right
and now he is gone and Apple products
are taking the you know taking a hit
taking a little hit and as far as like
their pro products are concerned yeah
they've given up they've given up the
the Apple Pro hasn't been updated in
something like three years like their
flagship pro computer it's a it's a joke
wait can I jump on the roof
probably don't need to I can just blow
up this door I'll just go through it
nope
he murdered teenagers and minds dr.
Dubin up says hey guys rich have you
heard it that they announced a timer for
Dead Rising for after all as paid DLC
may they roasted cash grab hell lol
dongle my schlong --gel yeah fuck that
game oh my god fuck that I like that
game fuck that game it doesn't make a
move any faster
the main gameplay component of the
previous games is now DLC fucking
bastards
so pay to not win no paid I actually
have the game play to have a challenge
yeah

[Part II]
to do it for all the zombies it will die
or you can just get by with what you
have those are the options
well some zombies need to go down here
to get stuff looks like there's multiple
routes but you know I think getting most
of them on top seems to be smart because
I already have a couple dead ones down
here look Dead Rising without the timer
is just dicking around the game but you
might find perfectly enjoyable and
that's your business
it's just what makes Dead Rising 1 for
me why I love that game is what I
consider to be a perfectly balanced
timer that pause button Jack what it's
great good I didn't I didn't use the
pause button when I was playing oh yeah
this is novel to me well you know you're
like I said you're more of a you're a
mouse clicking strategy person me I need
time well I like turn base I mean I
usually take my damn time that's sure
why does the name Richard have so many
nicknames dick rich Rick Richie and I
guess that's it
because rich was pretty less so these
days a very popular name I mean they say
every Tom Dick and Harry for a reason
and I suppose with so many Richard's you
would want to find some way to
distinguish yourself from the other
Richards yes yeah you know what I brick
you know what I'm rich you know what I'm
doing yep
can I kill oh yeah Kim
sure yeah that's mostly a thing with
caramel would be weird to hear somebody
else call me charred oh just be like
everybody the equivalent somebody
calling me like honey pie you know yes
I'll try not to do that again yeah sorry
I don't know it hurts you so much this
did not ever happen gobbledygook says
Jack I'm Jack have you ever tried bi BIM
BAM bi BIM BAP bides in back korean rice
bowl dish with mixed vegetables topped
with a fried egg Oh bibimbap she's
bending back this bed and Bob whatever
yeah yeah yeah I've I've had that yeah
okay it's nice FYI
which just hired a Food Network Chef
just dreamed daily starting tomorrow
hashtag chef shocked hmm no interest in
this one chef watching people cook or
eat you've never liked watching the food
now I'm like streaming I never know know
the only thing I've watched on the Food
Network is like shop and that's cuz it's
kind of like a game show chopped is
great yeah and I'm sure it's all
bullshit but they're not actually eating
the shit that was cooked rushed no I
think they do you know what I doubt it
I'm sure because they have like a
different prepared meal they they come
in that's not the rushed version no no
I'm sure they they're actually eating
this maybe because sometimes they say
I'm not gonna eat that because it looks
like it's not fully cooked yeah that's
very dramatic when they say that yeah
yes yes it is rich insurance wouldn't
want the judges eating something that
was prepared in a rushed haphazard
manner I was gonna say for insurance
reasons the stuff they actually eat has
been cooked properly with no time limit
in a condition where there was chef
wasn't under stress cramp
I missed one how did you guys get down
that
how did Sammy's
doesn't matter game gel UK says do you
ever get tired people telling you you
need to watch this or you need to play
this when people say this to me I find
it pretty annoying also Bucky's armed
and get even is a cool film title yeah I
get very tired of that this is why we
had the Jesus Christ shut up already
stream and you see how that one went
great I don't know what you're talking
about rich went like gangbusters
it's for me any that that stream made me
feel like a proctologist with large
hands just gonna get in there so much
hold on I need to stick these in and
some ice first just we're gonna make it
cold and painful it's in for me it's a
real mixed bag because every once in a
while if I'm in the right mood
someone will recommend a game and I'll
just I'll just be in the right mind
space and I'll give that a try and it
turns out to be a really great game you
know and so you want to keep yourself
open because what if this is the really
great game that I'm ready to play you
know I'm ready to play but so often I'm
just not in the mood to try something
new
you're jumping we gotta get you to joke
bounce no mustard lover says no no oh
the MacBook Pro specs are not just not
top-of-the-line they use Intel
integrated graphics they are worse than
my two-year-old 700 Asus laptop also you
should play stay-away camp game child UK
says thoughts on Pawn Stars personally
it's the only reality and I say that in
quotes show that I enjoy yeah got into
it back in 2012 because it was always on
History Channel now it's a meme that is
funny yeah Pawn Stars is the most
blatantly fake thing I have ever seen in
my entire life chopped ain't got nothing
on Pawn Stars yeah I actually I I have
chatted with some people who were I've
been waiting out here with my
historically significant thing that I'm
going to bring into the pawn shop ten
minutes later hi I just happened to
bring in my historically significant odd
thing here to the pawn shop oh that's so
funny that you say that I happen to be
an expert on exactly that thing and I
can tell you all about it right now with
no prior preparation you're the pawnshop
three times a day exactly three times a
day somebody walks in with a
historically significant thing that he
wants to pawn and sometimes he doesn't
actually want to sell it because he
didn't really want to sell it in the
first place yeah because we asked him to
come in and then we gave Miss scripts
that's what I would like I know some
people who were quote-unquote producers
on reality shows and if you ever watched
a reality show it has a lot of producers
list because those people are actually
writers and the big reality show boom
happened to coincide with the writers
strike
and so many writers went over there like
when to reality shows because they be
producers right yeah but no like
literally people they they hand lines to
people like this is your character this
is what you're gonna say it's all fake
all reality shows are all fake yeah this
is something you need to be aware of
because DNA to jump Oh for criminy sake
why do reality shows have writers
because actual reality can be kind of
dull you have a pawnshop and 99% of it
is people Hawking like their life or
their mother's jewelry because they need
drug money yeah three times a year
something interesting will happen and
you can't make a season out of that yep
wait where did you come from do more
zombies just enter this graveyard levels
guns zombies that pop out of those like
pits looking like a flies floating
around them I don't know if they're
infinite or what I don't think they're
infinite but every once in a while I'll
just find like a zombie back here and
it's really pissing me this is a weird
stage like that okay don't worry about
it they're just gonna happen okay great
not a massage you should play kotor you
should play the elvish girl she should
play supermario
she plays Star Wars you should play
zombie night terror you should play with
yourself
lol Jack my ridge that's how it works
it's exactly how it works
yeah now you got it
Knight on the trolley
all right
oh that's funny
did you kill someone what's going on oh
just you know you need to you got a guy
with a gun in that room in this room
yeah yeah
you got a guy with a shotgun out over to
your right
what's your objective are you trying to
kill enough people you're just trying to
get over to the right oh I have no idea
I didn't even pay attention oh I think
I've needs to kill eight more people
okay get out of 16 and so I'm just
trying I'm just trying to gather my
hordes and that's been my biggest issue
is just gathering my oh I can get
another one of these Young's okay so you
don't help you need two zombies to do
that and I have two up here's our L and
I'll have more actually in a little bit
so I'm just gonna gather my horns okay
for a second those two are staying down
there these two yeah no they're gonna
they can go up well for now you don't
want him to go attack those gun guys
just the two of them oh god no no that
would be insane they'll be in sync bye
bye bye
okay I hear some more zombies coming
okay like these two guys are these three
we'll go up here then I'll be able to
get that juice this guy will join the
ranks down here gobbler cook says Big
Brother is fake but it's impressive that
they're on camera 24 hours a day you can
watch them on CBS all access
I remember in 2001 they didn't tell them
about 9/11 until hours later it was
creepy that is creepy
yeah it is maybe we shouldn't watch
shows like that just put that out there
maybe we shouldn't watch shows that like
horribly exploit people like that
jesus crist Christ says the new wheel of
worst looks great as it seems far more
round made of one piece of wood and
radius cut edges is it just the second
wheel yeah everything else is the same I
just changed the wheel on it to try and
get it to be a bit more fair the other
wheel because I deliberately made the
wheel of the worse to look janky yeah
and it wasn't perfectly balanced for
that reason because I'd like whole bunch
of different boards of wood they weren't
cut properly and it greatly favored one
side it greatly favored huh and so the
new wheel and you know I just got one
that was perfectly round and I'll put a
lot of padding on the back to keep it
from like any any any imbalance there
might be just to keep it going back you
know once it actually stops
unfortunately because of that it seems
to stop relatively quickly yeah and
people think it's fake now even though
it's built to be more fair just wasted a
whole burning lessons that's what we're
doing here we're learning lessons no it
wasn't rigged before it was just shitty
and now it's less shitty and not what's
less shitty no it is never we have never
rigged a wheel except for when you've
seen us rigged the wheel like when they
do like when Jesse did it okay here we
go
there's that any more newcomers
oh no I need to sacrifice someone bring
a sacrifice about you now wants less
regen not what's more fair is the bar
proper way to phrase that
it didn't jack it did it okay
now we have plenty of DNA I'd take out
that shotgun guy oh yeah I'd do it like
now and you think I might I might try to
bust it first and then have the whore
examine what do I even have a decent
hoard over there anymore not really yeah
fuck it we'll see what happens you jump
on you can take out that gun guy while
he's not looking at the door he'd be
great if he could attack her from behind
looking at the door I wouldn't break it
down now what gun guy that's the first
guy in that room can you tell he's got
that jacket that jacket is the gun guy
jacket uh that's the sprite he's turning
the other way oh that's all right hey
hem I'm on it um no now he turned back
to the door just there we go and that's
all right we got
we got a we got a yeah we got a great
great great you did great okay so now in
fact the shotgun guy turn up the stairs
break down the door and in fact the
shotgun guy boom and the hope now well
that's there we go we got everything
yeah it did eject your motherfucker we
did there we go now we got everyone
infected I wonder if you got enough
zombies for the secret objective you
know what I've never I have yet to pay
attention to what the secret objective
is I can say where it is you can find
the secret room scroll down you see this
looks like a breakable brick there's a
whole bunch of breakable bricks down
there and let's try it out yes even good
I noticed the one and I didn't actually
I did not even notice this one okay
let's try to explain what did we think
of a Nintendo switch trailer I didn't
even watch the switch trailer because I
don't give a flying fuck about the
intent to switch you didn't know no I
know what it is and that's all I need to
know I know they're gonna come out with
three of their classic games on it mm-hm
and it may or may not be worth getting
it at some point once the price goes
down because of this you know you really
want to play that new Zelda or that new
Super Mario Brothers
yeah cuz I don't give a fuck about smash
and I don't really care about Mario Kart
that much right and you know as it might
be like and you're also not wor 5 good
games
you're also not really big on mobile
gaming yeah so it's like this is the
anti rich Evans device well I don't know
that I inherently hate mobile gaming I
think that's fair that's what you said
you said that before you are you earning
or you're you just don't mobile game I'm
just going off at you what you spent if
I sell this we've talked about like
mobile gaming and gaming on your phone
or gaming out like on a portable device
before you've always been like hey
what's the point mama
that's my rich Evans impression by the
way you're welcome everyone
I don't think it would replace regular
gaming because I think the kind of games
that work on like your phone or an
entirely different type of game oh yeah
no it's not meant to replace Dan's I
really enjoy like 2048 I'd play that
shit all the time
god I think that's a fake rich Evans
generalization no no you're a plating my
typically negative cynical attitude you
you have is something that I've never
chat really been super cynical chat back
me up here you rich has been very
negative on mobile gaming in general
before Lord Belmont says why no 7th
guest it's Halloween you've betrayed me
for the last time you pack frauds yeah I
know we didn't play that game that we
never said we're going to play
how dare we well yeah we'll do it as
another Jesus Christ shut up don't worry
game child you cases Seinfeld greats
have come or best sitcom ever also any
plans to watch boo Ahmadiyya Halloween
also I'm a huge kotor fan and i think
it's not a good game to stream same with
DC Universe Online get even or get ven
there's an e mystic it's just get ven
hitman get v'n yeah we know our audios a
little off of our video that happens
sometimes I'm seeing some people in chat
say like I've seen some people's agree
that you've ranted about mobile games
and I've seen some people say that
you've been apathetic and we I think
apathetic is fair we mistake that for
negativity yes say that's what's going
on sunny whoa what is this
this is April Vox pardon me and now
have confirmed that the zombie display a
strangely high level of organization for
being so mindless originally thought
incapable of cognition evidence now
shows that several overlords can combine
their skills in order to spread this
outbreak as quickly as they can
meanwhile the tide of human abomination
much is not leading some to wonder will
it ever end
back to the question they love like
Seinfeld yeah best sitcom ever or not at
the time I was all about the Seinfeld
sure I don't think about it quite so
much though these days I don't know why
that is it just is if you're counting
like some of the animated shows like
your Venture Brothers and Rick and
Morty's it is definitely not the best
ever and even without um I'm not sure
that I would rank it the best ever damn
good though
Seinfeld I just thought we should answer
the question I was asked wasn't a
terrible question
it's easy to answer one Oh like Seinfeld
is one of those things where you have to
understand where sitcoms were when
Seinfeld came out yeah and yeah it was
nowhere now well there well no they're
still around like modern families still
one of the most popular shows on
television the three-camera sitcom is no
longer very popular except for of course
like and I say that like Big Bang Theory
is huge two and a Half Men is that still
huge that was the most-watched show on
television for in quality yes in numbers
I want to say two and a Half Men did
better okay so okay and that those are
the classic three cameras it comes stuff
like Modern Family which is pretty
alright and does well in the wet ratings
is you know a single family sitcom 'no
or a single-camera sitcom which is very
different but Seinfeld from a quality
standpoint from a character standpoint
with something not seen in your standard
three camera sitcom at the time that's
what made it special that's what made it
very special
doors the top right yep I got this I
know it's up you know even you can have
them jump any direction you can have
actually oh I'm ready it's still they'll
do that well pause it's irrelevant
yeah Brazil was pretty damn good for the
time Cheers
a great show Frasier yeah oh all right
no Seinfeld oh the office oh ho I can
also move around like this that helps a
ton moving around with the mouse how do
you do that just click anywhere oh you
just left-click and you can move yeah I
just left-click on I didn't know that no
that's super helpful all right got a kid
I can't of all table Cook says what do
you guys use to video capture and stream
the ps4 we have like the razor ripsaw
it's much easier to stream old console
games with a separate retro PI system
they are great and cheap under $50 ok ok
what do we use the thing that works most
consistently is the Elgato
and the reason it's it's the elgato HD
recognizes the input as just a video
input so it has a great HDMI
pass-through it also has RGB to HDMI so
we could hook up a classic console to it
by the way we haven't in a while do we
have the software for the O'Connor or do
you remember what it was oh we haven't
put it on this hard drive you know oh
yeah good idea we can get that because
I'm not a hard sell sure yet but but
tomorrow Oh Halloween yeah Karen's going
down to visit her mother
and they're gonna do something or other
sure no Halloween I might I might be in
the mood to come in and stream Vanquish
cuz I've been in the mood for Vanquish
ever since we had to play gears for ya
and and you you spent all of the gears
for talking about how great vanquish was
yeah we'll get that okay
whoa wait I don't you don't have a
Nagato here though isn't it here
no where's it you have you have a
different thing here what are words
don't got on it's it's at my house I use
it to capture gameplay footage oh yeah
well this thing it still works yeah this
is a whole separate so we also have the
oh god what is that it's right here hold
on here the first thing I bought all
this is the first thing I bought which
is the hope house HD capture which it's
the same thing it's its HDMI in and out
and it's a pass-through it also has the
hookups for RGB in an HDMI out the only
problem is in order to stream with this
you need to open up the capture window
and then an OBS do window capture and
display capture hold on for a second
thank you jack
anonymous thank you for the tip I'm not
gonna read that though because I'm not
doing best there were spoilers um thank
you though where am I at
I want to wait the jacks here to read
that is he running he's running
downstairs not upset has been a while
since I donated not much time since my
daughter was born she changed my outlook
on life
anyways thanks for the streams and the
good times lol fork mic work thank you
anonymous - maid says how about contact
people from Project Hornet to create a
wheel or a random timer is set when it
turns and when the timer reaches zero a
hydraulic brake slows down the wheel
hello well two dollars went poof the
wheels fine the wheel is fine
God lyric says I went through 15,000
roms from the 2600 colecovision c64 NES
Genesis Ness Amiga PSX and n64 to get my
top 200 games I would love to see how
you might organize your top retropie
games
I'm I'm not sure like like from every
damn system that's ever been I'm not
sure how I would rank one but what
sneaking up behind me now any fucking
ghosts fucking fucking ghost Jan coming
in here yep oh sorry about that I had to
blow my nose and you know you don't want
to just blow your nose and then go back
about your business because I'm touching
your mouse and everything so I wanted to
wash my hands as long as I was up get
another beer you know chap I have I have
no interest in rubbing the Cubs current
what was in their face did they raise I
just want them to stop bugging me about
the goddamn Cubs that's all I want I
don't want to start shit did they lose
not every Cubs fan is a fucking ass hat
and I don't wish them ill oh did you
they're losing oh they're losing
oh I'm sorry Cubs fans what happened
daddy disappeared we'll get it back boom
boom boom great great three nimona in
this series right now I don't know what
that means does that mean three losses
one wind how many wins seven game series
so you need the first win for they need
to not lose another one and or if they
lose they need to win three and not give
up any okay they're in a bad spot yeah
that sounds - it's not impossible though
they've got a good team all year okay
being honest I wouldn't say it's
impossible but they're in a bad spot
which is fine for me I don't give a shit
Jim if you Packers and Cubs fans we're
mean to rich that means everyone who
likes the teams as an asshole well
that's that's a that's a great way to
completely misrepresent my opinion yeah
yeah it sounds like a great way to do
that which is why I just said you know a
lot of good Cub fans I don't want to rub
their losses in their face yeah I said
that yeah yeah it's also not why I hate
the Cubs the cosplay on the north side
of Chicago right it's it's like the rich
side of town yeah and rooting for the
Cubs I said it's like rooting for the
bully that's that's not a great way to
put it it's more accurate to say it's
like it's like rooting for the preppy in
the high school movie right they are
their team to free to root for they are
not considered the underdog you know
they've been they haven't had a you know
a good World Series win in a while in
that sense they're an underdog but just
culturally once you factor in what the
North side's like it's like rooting for
the preppies gotcha
I'm with you
wait
oh I get it
but like I'll feel better I feel I feel
bad for Karen's dad who is a Cubs fan it
was a Cubs fan and he said his seven
days which means he's seen zero Cubs
World Series wins right
okay Oh for god sakes I don't hate
wealthy people I just said rich why do
you hate so many people I give up I
don't I hate all Cubs fans yeah because
one was mean to me once even though
that's not really my experience yeah I
love it
then I hate all Packers fans because
they've all been mean to me even though
that is my experience oh is that true
yeah no well yeah that's that's a big
thing around from Chicago and then I've
route to the Bears there everybody I
know who's a Packers fan has been a
complete jackass about it yeah that's
that's a bigger rivalry that's a bigger
rivalry right there uh-huh
good guy
oh I guess I needed to send over more
people shit now I'm down a zombie
so I care that much do I need another
zombie not really
not really
every seen you majorly
I've seen major leg I don't love it like
some people do it's a good movie yes a
good movie
I wonder how difficult it is to actually
be able to use like major league
baseball teams in your film
what kind of hoops you have to go
through oh I'm sure very very large
hoops like that they tightly tightly
control their brand image was there
pressure on the people who made major
league at some point to just make up
teams
oh I'm sure especially great reason but
that movie had to use actual MLB teams
right well but also that movie was made
at a time where like brand awareness and
social media marketing wasn't a huge
deal so I think they slid under the
radar yeah and you know like hey it's
like for them I was like at the time it
was free advertising yeah like hey Oh
some major Hollywood movie is gonna talk
about hot T my team's gonna be you know
responsible for that nowadays I think it
would be much much harder and to
incorporate that because you'd have 18
different social marketing managers
trying to you know trying to input have
input I have to imagine these days
baseball would love the idea though any
kind of exposure if anything any kind of
girls those were crowned the NFL and NBA
it used to be in the national pastime
now it's like who gives a fuck I love
baseball but most people don't
yeah
she's got to die first I know
hey you're fine you did it did that
pause button man that's something
special all right
before we get crazy here MLB is making
tons of money rich I'm sure they are but
they're dropping and popularity is
compared to the other sports there
they're a shat they make a shadow of
they I'm sure they make a fraction of
the amount of money that the NFL makes
that's it for TV revenue
the like like you could compare like the
viewership of like the Super Bowl as
compared to the World Series
oh yeah the Super Bowl is a TV event for
the country the World Series is not that
it's base baseball is defeated by its
own complexity how many baseball games
are there in a year hundreds for your
team alone yeah yeah it's it's too much
I wonder if they make up for I wonder
how much they make up for in volume
though with with TV revenue
hmm but then again you don't have a
whole day of the week that's dedicated
to national TV showing games right you
have like if the local network that
shows the local team with baseball it's
typically what you have there may be one
national game a week you know maybe two
who's this person do I need them kind of
weird which kids like you know which
factor in the whole world
baseball is more popular sport than
football South America Japan there's
there's more spots in the world where
they play baseball and there are where
they play football American football
fear to be a notebook or football of the
popular sport in the world
dull is fucked a watch but it's the most
popular sport in the world I don't get
that generally people who are really
passionate about a sport are people who
played that sport in some fashion or
another sloggers an easy sport to play
it's the poor area it's the easiest
sports play literally you only need one
ball for every 20 people that's all you
need for the large as area though you
don't really you know you just need a
ball but you know you need a ball in a
parking lot like you need a ball in an
empty space time on football is not
Dulles fuck no the NBA is very exciting
to watch soccer however is Dulles fuck
nonnamous says rich you know we love you
ok that's I'm gonna hit that one I don't
know if I needed to kill this person I
just kind of wanted to an American will
we'll look at a soccer game and they'll
just see a bunch of like a lot of things
going on but nothing happening the other
ball is moving there's not many breaks
but does it ever really affect the score
no not really
but football you're watching like a
clear strategy a clear progress you're
watching you're watching those lines
move down the field towards the goal
soccer the balls over here balls over
there the balls over here about went out
of bounds that balls over here and falls
over there isn't anywhere near making
them no know when you're making a goal
watching soccer compared to watching
football yeah even even when someone's
not scoring a touchdown in American
football someone is usually hitting
someone right like that's all we really
care all we want to see his things smash
into each other you can see a clear
progress towards making a touchdown oh
they're getting closer
oh I guess I guess that plays a factor
in to the progress bar of the field yes
yeah whereas with soccer even getting
closer to was like getting closer to the
goal doesn't necessarily mean anything
right yeah
what is this is this a power I don't
have oh this is exploding power
okay I think I think I got a plan I
think I have a plan rich riches
ignorance and lack of interest to things
he doesn't know really turns me off of
the stream you know where the exit is
get the fuck out don't don't about
things rich you know I've tried what I
did I made a whole video in which you
know it was centered around the World
Cup and before going down to South
Africa and like I went to a professional
game a World Cup match I could not I
don't understand soccer I don't care I
but I don't care about any sport yeah I
feel the same dull numbness watching any
professional sport and soccer is just no
different it's just a lot bigger like
there's it's just a lot more empty space
you can't call it closed mindedness
Karen loves soccer she's dragged me to
soccer game oh yeah she's more than a
few times she's dragged me to see
Chicago Fire and every time it's just
like alright okay I'm sorry you don't
like my opinion that I find soccer
boring to watch I'm sorry you can't deal
with that and you got to be a snotty
prick about it what is it with you
soccer fans you got to get all arrogant
it's booze puppy support it's the most
popular sport in the world with maybe
you didn't know this but if it myself
that means I get to be a jerk about it
it's a popular sport in the world but oh
God
if I'm a pear phone
oh come on oh there we go I got one
soccer fans are arrogant they are
violent - Touche motherfucker rich call
soccer fans arrogant I just said that
I'm not liking sucker how is that
arrogant I love it I love saying my
opinion is different from yours and then
you're being a jackass about I don't
know right I don't care much for that
thing that you like you're ignorant sir
you are ignorant fuck off let's start a
riot because I don't know you lost of
one old game with penalty kicks site ok
ok ok
how do we do this rich
yes we have to
Gallagher says before watching prereq I
used to drink look in a bar every single
day baseball has a market there can
never be too much baseball Jack also
thanks rich for inspiring me to live a
sober life you're welcome
there can never be too much yeah I mean
if you just need something to watch with
a group and you don't care what it is I
guess baseball like you have to go to a
game I think baseball is much better
than watching person I don't see it man
it's better live I don't see it yeah
I've been I've been to live games get a
nice cold drink a nice hot dog you're
sitting down and watching a boring thing
no it's baseball is if you would fall if
you find a boring Jack that is your
opinion I'm fine with that I do I find
it variable for me I find baseball it's
it's the perfect blend of action and
recreation baseball is like a turn-based
game uh-huh
where in between the moves you can you
get taken the nice weather oh it's a
beautiful day out yeah you're hanging
out with friends and then this one the
ball thinks exciting things happen oh uh
it's cool then you know the next batters
getting ready to walk at the plate
everything you know hey back to relaxin
and your hot dog baseball's great I mean
I obviously disagree that's fine
I find baseball to be incredibly good
you get incredible action and measured
doses yeah yeah what do we need to
explode someone - yeah
none of us says hey I just wanted to say
bacon and pineapple and pizza are the
best toppings of all time nonnamous says
on a different note heavier views either
have you seen any good movies recently I
met Karen watch trick or treat she loved
it oh good I know that is the that is
the the Halloween does your trick
archery I remember enjoying
trick-or-treat no I haven't seen any
that I particularly enjoyed this
recently so that guy was joking we hate
your ridge dance monkey dance
you do realize sarcasm is very hard to
detect with text yeah no they don't by
the way they don't realize that it's all
gone says Jack yep I enjoyed your
drunken rambling on the latest Halloween
best of the worst oh good thank you tell
me okay I'm not gonna talk about
spoilers for the episode thank you
TC Brady 133 says soccer fucking sucks
fat dick just this guy you know say
here's some money so I can yell at you
for your opinions which in some cases
are inconsistent with mine
how dare you for shame okay then let's
talk about movies or video games or
something good tasty Brady that'll
that'll teach you
that'll teach you you prick no turn
around turn around
Suri Chen says speaking of rich totally
being fine with mobile games so you
think you guys can do Phoenix Wright for
my birthday soon
December 9th around the corner Baja also
I think you missed my last tip
got him got cannibal
sorry Jennsen Pepe do us murtis Eve
sorry I know rich has created a lot of
structures for the shows but do you guys
know how to draw / paint pictures / use
pen tablets lol dick my jack
sorry Chen I've never really done much
with a pen tablet yeah yeah I've ever
I've never had one oh I got a reasonably
priced Wakeham or Wacom Wacom I thought
may come I could be wrong one of those
reason first one a while ago and I break
it out if I'm doing an extensive
Photoshop work it's it's much easier to
use than a mouse and you know like
especially if you're doing like fine
refinements like you know for me it's a
lot of like photo cropping you know like
edging out people before like and now
Photoshop does a lot of that
automatically but back in the day
Photoshop you'd have to like hand cut
someone out of a photo and that was
really hard to do you know so you get a
pen tablet but now it's all authentic
it's incredibly easy so I have one I
haven't used in a while half cat says
the older I get the more I come to
appreciate baseball there actually is
strategy and you're right rich the
breaks are part of the experience also
tennis and hockey rule 9 stop action
love you I do
none of us says battered rich syndrome
none of us says oh I'm sorry
it was sarcasm I love you rich I agree
about soccer too I went to a game once
and I ended up getting hey what was
going on in the bathroom of that soccer
game but well I'm watching soccer it was
all that unprotected sex he was having
with with everyone he said or maybe
maybe it was like he got like infected
blood on him during the soccer riot the
father sure maybe it was because of the
intravenous drug use he was doing I was
sharing needles the soccer I had a
surprisingly little to do with all of
the aids he got
ah I have quick-moving sounds okay just
this guy you know says hey hi given that
it's the end of October yep I'm pretty
sure that means it was sort of recently
Rich's birthday happy birthday rich
thank you thank you and it was I am
older you a you have no line
you've gone another year without dying
yeah congratulation yeah I my score is
just really racking up there and it yeah
yes speeds a great one oh hello oh my
god yeah it gets a little wonky if it
ever they make them go double fast no
that would be awesome you go fast you go
fast and you go fast again
interesting but how the timer still
still goes oh oh sure
well shit it just means you won't get
the bonus objective which is difficult
it took me a while to get it I think you
have to beat this one in under a minute
20 seconds yeah probably not gonna
happen
especially because pausing doesn't seem
to do anything not of a sense o RL m
fins are just Star Wars aides 911 and
baseball yes or not it sounds like most
of you aren't into baseball just by
listening to the comments the spoilers
for the best of the worst episode of the
chat you shut your mouths
look and we already yelled at you about
that
god dammit be cool
god dammit oh shit well that's gonna
ruin my time I'll be a prick don't be a
prick just stop being a goddamn prick
all the time that's just like our only
rule ever gob a book says rich I'm
almost 40
are you the oldest of the rlm crew
Laurie Laurie who else is 40 happy
birthday I'm not 40 yet I'm very close
to being that 39 god dammit
yeah whatever it's like very little
difference it's less than a year
difference I mean oh you know usually
after like 25 it just doesn't matter
it just doesn't matter
I'm asking for the impossible I'm asking
for our mods to freakin put a temporary
ban on anybody who starts running their
mouth off about crap that happened in
the current best of the worst I came out
there were only like minutes before we
started street mode today just a fan I
don't want to fuck over the people who
chose to watch our stream rather than
watch the episodes right away so if you
are spoiling the episode just don't talk
about it
just don't talk about it if you're
spoiling the episode mods get mad a long
time out yep I know you like the episode
you want to talk about it but there's a
lot of people in here who haven't seen
it yet and you know we want to talk
about it too that's why we spent for it
for anyone who who wasn't here for the
beginning stream we spend a good portion
before we started streaming just
debating whether or not we either start
streaming whether we delay the stream so
we could watch it whether we watch the
stream or watch the episode live on
stream which we agreed would be weird
because we couldn't show the episode on
stream because of copyright rules even
though it's our ulema I don't I don't
think J and Mike would like that and we
think it would be weird to have you
watch us watching something else for an
hour yeah you know like every once in a
while like yeah well watch this music
video or whatever right for an hour
that's crazy
oh we got run over by a car he got one
there you got one
it's not over yet jekt oh my god this is
a long ass level yeah close Jackie close
yeah I'm not I mean I'm not making it in
a minute a half anyways I might as well
take my time rewind shucks is rich
please yell as loud as you can
I'm running this monkey farm now
Frankenstein I want to know what the
fuck you're doing with my time like if I
did that as loud as I can I'm blowing
out everybody's fucking here drew yeah
yeah go ahead I'm running this monkey
firm no Frankenstein now I know what the
fuck you're doing with my time I'm sure
that was still wowed oh I'm sure
great
oh is that guy again
you like in this game jack yeah this is
this is a rich game strategizing you
know me yeah well I I need a I need a
shoot and running right what a brain I
need I need something that that requires
you not to think and only use muscle
twitchy muscle memory a little bit of
thinking is all right
only minor thinking that actually wasn't
very loud because I had the mic a good
four feet away from my mouth right we
need a piece of tape to hold this like
if we tape the cord right here it won't
get in the way
see like but now it like rubs it's got
it's like fingers on a chalkboard right
now yeah put it under that pin it under
good that's good at him oh yeah that's
much better we're getting any mouse
so the personal message my sound
engineer sadly passed away I'm currently
looking for a replacement preferably
someone strong who knows his way around
a shotgun still despite this setback the
news must go on even if the situation
currently seems completely hopeless
while in the past we had only seen
isolated fast zombies it appears that
overlords have seen have been seen
teaching the whole horde to run I like
it do-do-do-do-do-do okay so we Overlord
you that way let me turn you into a
jumpy some jump people up to attack mr.
man and then we turn you into a fast e
as well can we do that - sure oh no you
can't jump in fast nope son of a bitch
right on top
open the door over the door Oh son of a
bitch you Jiminy Cricket
Percy bastard pause it ya see that this
doors down there yeah every wood that
says oh nice so we don't back upstairs
I'm with it
oh man I'm a hip oh love that floor jack
and then not the worst spot to set up
Bob let's be an overlord speed guy as
soon as I'm down the door yep that's
exactly what I was thinking oh wait yeah
they've run in the direction he's
pointing the torch to when you turn him
into a runner great nice nice yeah you
know make sure they attack that van oh
yeah like this is a super fun game yeah
and as far as like lemmings esque crowd
control games go I think having that in
the zombie category is is actually
something that is appropriate for the
zombie genre I think oh I get to be the
zombies that's fun you know what that is
that's fun good I'm gonna trap more
games don't let you be the zombies right
what is a guy up here
forget about them it's not your goal is
it not your goal Jack like dead inside
door door and then they I'll do the same
thing where I set up an overlord over
here
boom and you'll be an overlord this way
and right they are fast overnight go
go easy peasy oh there's more people
here they will blow it up that door you
don't great jack not you're doing great
I feel like I'm doing great
Stubbs Asami let you be a zombie in the
60s I remember that game I mean like a
like some kind of strategy game though
we were controlling mass zombies
I remember seven zombies I remember like
you know Stubbs the zombies has a
fantastic soundtrack yeah it's all songs
from the 50s and 60s done at redone by
modern artists yeah so it was a really
great soundtrack I wear the game just
being kind of like I've never actually
played it so okay he's all right and I
want you to be a jumpy want you to be a
jumpy Overlord shit you know it jump
behind their lights shit never mind
never mind he's silly me get up oh I
know what we're gonna go yeah you got
table choice I just know we're not gonna
run at him straight you know there we go
underneath
I don't think so I could be wrong wait
you don't try you don't think I could
just jump up there like I probably have
to somebody's not you probably have to
knock the floor down first yeah well so
you'll be an exploding overload boom and
then you'll be a throwie overload that
way great
and we'll see and if it's like a runny
overlord
yep then you my friend will be a runny
overlord oh really
you're not dead he's like a boss he's
the one that got away earlier I remember
him yeah fuck you guy you're dead now
motherfucker
motherfucker but yeah you know I always
forget that people always ask us about
like great game soundtracks I think most
mostly most of the time they mean game
scores because the soundtrack and a
score or two very different things
but I still have the Stubbs the zombie
soundtrack and every once in a while in
a shuffle like like like Ben Kweller if
you guys remember Ben Kweller does
lollipop it's great do you remember Ben
Kweller no he does a version of lollipop
there is a version of you know every day
by Buddy Holly yeah there is a version
done by oh god what is their name there
is a version of every day there's a
cover of every day that is an amazing
like on par with the buddy not Buddy
Holly
yes Buddy Holly on par with the Buddy
Holly version
it's it's gorgeous who does that who
does the the the everyday chat someone
knows I don't think this game is too
easy this is only like a quarter of the
way through a lot of this has just been
learning this shit oh right like I'm
only on level whatever I've got a bit
further and there's some some that are
harder than what we've done
yeah DLR and anything else that what oh
yeah my girlfriend's back though that
was great from my boyfriend's back huh
changed from my boyfriend's back my
girlfriend's back was great in Stubbs
maybe I don't forget who does the cover
of every day someone needs to tell me in
chat someone knows this you guys know
everything mmm it's it's an amazing
cover it's a it's a really great cover
it's like with acoustic guitars and
violins boom bum ba-bum ba-bum someone's
gonna do rogue wave yes rogue wave thank
you chat they do a great cover so anyway
it is a really fun soundtrack really fun
soundtrack and just all good things
Stubbs I didn't much care for the game
it was made by like a it was made by a
halo he was made by the halo team yeah
an X Bungie guy and so it was bad it had
like first person controls even though
as a third person game it was weird
rogue wave that was totally a Buddy
Holly what a group what a great and
Buddy Holly how lucky was the Big Bopper
lucky yeah what do you mean lucky if the
Big Bopper had not died with Buddy Holly
and Ritchie Valens uh-huh
would anyone know who he was at this at
this point in time
damn yeah sorry if that's too rich Evans
for you but now I'm thinking about Buddy
Holly I don't know enough about the Big
Bopper
to tell you if that's the case boom can
you name a Big Bopper song when I was
gonna say the twister chubby Checker's
the answer is you can't
it's Chantilly lace you lose no he had
another one - is it Chantilly lace or
was that Buddy Holly Chubby Checker -
no no like dying in a crane plane crash
obviously super unlucky one yes legacy
wise he would have continued his career
and then over time no one would have
remembered who he was he happened to die
in a plane crash with two incredibly
talented and noteworthy musicians and
that means that his legacy lives on to
this day okay I'm a musical idiot jack
I'm sorry I can't give you a strong
opinion on any of this shit I can do he
was that's right Fresno Bob he was a
novelty act like he you know he had kind
of like generic generic doo-wop music
that he would just kind of talk over are
you gonna look up the Big Bopper
Chantilly lace oh wait what did that
tell me crawlers a new type of zombies
are the most recent zombie type to be
spotted apparently it seemed more
powerful than others Ami's witness
reported seeing them climbed walls
crawlers also seem to be sneakier than
other zombies oh okay
crawlers French fucking dough biggest
shit you creepy Bing is shit
Bing Bing search yeah my just not
getting where am I not getting internet
here oh no I should be getting loads of
Internet here
I should be getting Internet out of my
butt we get we have so much internet
here there's just so much internet Oh
rich they're saying they're telling you
the score chad is telling you this core
apparently it's sprawled away well there
you go don't see it
really killed me oh I could have crawled
over that I'm a big dum-dum me I am a
dummy yes I am I'm a big dumb dummy
dummy is my name and dummy is my clan
all right thank you thank you for the
update Jen oh no you know what I'm just
gonna restart this level I'm a dummy I'm
a dummy
you did you did big dummy dumb dumb
dummy dumb but the crawler can crawl
over this gap yeah or the the wall
crawler guy can crawl over this gap and
I had him jump over it to attack this
site okay okay that's why I'm a big dumb
dummy it's not a big deal well because I
used that jump I didn't have the jump
available to jump again you know yeah so
boom yes Chad I used GOG galaxy I've
also bought the suffrages from their
website it's all fine yeah I like GOG
galaxy
game child UK says any thoughts in the
film American Psycho I like it a lot but
I find it's a film that needs repeat
viewings to actually fully understand
and appreciate also is good even get
even or get of him I haven't seen
American Psycho 70 that's an American
Psycho that's a good movie there's
Jack's thoughts in American Psycho
I think American Psycho is one of those
few cases where there's an argument for
the movie being better than the book
Patrick Bateman the lead character in
American Psycho is very detail-oriented
and in the book a large portion of the
chapters are just dedicated to him like
describing the in detail all of the
little things in his life that make his
life special you know yes like he loves
oh these are my imported soaps and I use
these to get my hair a certain weight if
I use these products on my hair and you
know like it's all creating the
character but it's a difficult read okay
because it gets very tedious to read but
in the movie they're able to convey the
same thing in a shorter time span okay
okay so I'm not saying that the movie is
better than the book but there's an
argument to be made but I like it so
what was the question about am i given
is it get even or get even it's get even
obviously look we think it's supposed to
be it was meant to be get even but there
is clearly no space between the two
words
so we're forced to pronounce it get of
it it has to be get ofin because there's
no space so what were they just asking
on what was it about
American Psycho I'm sorry I lapsed it
doesn't that many thoughts so you did it
that's on there just want a thoughts on
okay and and bainfield death puts it
more succinctly than I could where he
says the movie is more digestible than
the book yeah absolutely
okay I haven't seen read so I think it's
definitely
it's it's worth a watch it's it's a fun
it's a fun movie it's it's a fun movie
about a psycho they say I agree with
those things right you said now I think
I think it's a fun it's a fun movie
Donnie axes pineapple pizza is great I
don't get how the two of you can have
such a wrong opinion all right get right
out of town how about that how about
getting right out of town it's just
trying to rile us up Jack here's the
thing I know what the last thing we is
an extended chat about pizza pineapple
pizza we just don't need it in our life
wait so bitte bitte bitte bitte bitte
bitte it's the rules about wall-crawling
here I don't think I've ever seen upside
down crawling but I never really tried
much so I could be wrong she can jump up
through there that's what I needed to
know hey hello you are dead now break
through this door hello and you are dead
now
great bumping and you will be dead now
it probably would have been a lot of
work but it would have been so worth it
if the zombies look like the people you
killed and it would have been worth it
and you know and white why couldn't you
make them keep their same clothes like
their body language and the red mouth
would make them identifiable enough yeah
same clothes you know it's it's
upsetting and and that kind of goes back
to the whole simplistic art style makes
the levels hard to read it's it's just
one of those touches where I'm sure it
was for very specific reason cost
savings but yeah that would have been
nice joys the chat says you can't judge
people by what they eat I'm sorry but it
just doesn't matter what if they eat
other people um you know they had other
people just putting that out there
what are they eat babies you got some
people eating babies over here ah baby
the raw uncooked baby boy what you got
here is some people eating babies and
you saying we can't judge these baby
eaters this is where you're coming from
I'm not down with that you know what I'm
gonna judge some baby eaters you're
gonna judge them Hey attack the fucking
people thank you
I'm gonna judge me the fuck out of some
baby eaters what if they eat poop then
you don't kiss them exactly don't stand
too close when they talk another thing
another smart move see you now here's
something upsetting oh I guess there's a
great here okay never mind never mind
it's not upsetting anymore I'm
understanding what's happening
see now this gap I need to jump over
yeah oh but I can't that's probably
another way there there is another way
there you're making it too complicated
follow the maze
what I mean oh I see yeah
I see what's going on here boom
also a better soundtrack who would have
gone a long way I know that's something
you don't soundtrack or score I think
the soundtracks perfectly effective and
the zombie movie they're emulating I
want I want something to listen to
nah yeah Romero soundtracks are just
like noise it's great creepy noise is
what you need
creepy unsettling off-putting noise game
child you cases fun fact the Universal
Monsters had the first cinematic
universe but first their own films of
the 30s then 40s had Frankenstein Meets
Wolfman and the ensemble films of the
ensemble films house of Frankenstein /
Dracula yeah I don't know if that's a
fun fact but I'm glad to know happy to
know I guess
bump-bump dead now how do I get over
there
over where
I get to these people well how would you
get to those people yeah
oh okay I can just go back to click on
the TV go to TV click on the TV
crowley's can jump between walls making
them more versatile and harder to manage
and previously thought can contribute so
you can jump from one wall on the other
side you can jump when you're on a wall
oh okay I get it
you can make someone a crawler - yeah
yeah I mean you got us to down in there
yeah let's make this one job where we're
a float your boat Jeff make this
wonderful fucking barn give no fucks
don't do sacrifice some of these guys
because they're useless nope oh and
they're yeah I guess you need that too
I take it back
yep yep yep yep
great hey nothing you dingus well now I
need to make another one
Angus and his friend Angus The
Adventures of dingus and dungus coming
soon defects
cuz it affects after viewers hi guys
what's going on
we're playing zombie night of terror it
was not me night terror it's not a night
terror there's not an oven there I so
feels like there should be an oven there
Sunday night of terror said of just
zombie night terror hang up
Oh Oh Jack what I did it the ones you
need that for down below though there's
no way in there oh wait what's my goal
in this level to get to the right side
to get out Oh what no is it yeah to get
here well technically on the ground down
there the crawlers the tutorial reason
for this is the crawlers don't take fall
damage a crawler can survive a fall down
there yeah I did not understand this
level then well shit that's all fine
well shit rich it's all fine shit cool a
long time viewer first three life
journey oh cool nice to have you welcome
aboard
welcome to the shit show don't have any
idea why you were a long time viewer but
I guess you enjoyed it oh and see again
simplistic art design I figured this was
an outside wall that I couldn't get out
okay okay
I'm using context clues I know this is a
building that's the outside of a
building you know what the outside of a
building
rich fucking yells no everything's fine
it has walls rich nails Delta to be fair
I have played this level before but I
still kind of got it
I didn't I didn't I'm kind of bad you're
done that's fair we played a lot yeah I
figured we've done half of the first
chapter Oh
bobbins fine above and beyond the call
of yeah I'm getting testy so I'm gonna
be done that's what's happening it's
making me use my brain rich and I don't
like that you just you just want to
watch basically I want to go home and
watch best of the worst I'm not gonna
lie I've been thinking about that best
of the worst I could so we could end the
stream now and I could go home and watch
best of the worst and still make it to a
reasonable bedtime so I think ending the
stream now is not a bad idea so how
about that what is that three hours
three hours a fine stream the fine
stream here's the point in the stream
where we read off the names of the
people who have subscribed during the
stream thanks to leftover beef cakes
wonderful tape watcher yeah or the
twitch chat watcher it collects all of
you who have subscribed to us during the
stream in one convenient space Tiberius
Kirk we we didn't want to do that where
we just watched the best of the worst
and reacted live because then you guys
would be just watching us watching
something for an hour it's also kind of
really pushing twitches like standards
rights we're yeah playing a game we're
definitely not with my definitely not
playing game we're not really talk
showing about anything
maybe it's creative but now you know
we're just gonna title it performance
art I guess
we're men washes himself if you haven't
seen the best immersive after the stream
go watch it we'll talk about it on
Wednesday I'm sure but for now we would
like to say thank you to all the
subscribers like Kay's 87 who has
subscribed to us for twenty three
fucking months in a row
Kay's says almost two years grande Juba
a Farren's filmmaker freak it's fish bus
for 22 fucking months in a row 15 bridge
9 different bridge 9 says XCOM has
zombies just saying just saying chub I
last 1984 slash s 17 months in a row
midnight Andy for 13 months in a row
Smoove I'm 25 fucking months in a row
lovely musical note split atom and split
Adam says hi guys I'm a great admirer of
I'm a great admirer of all Al is all I'm
a great the problem was always on both
sides of owls and as you know I have
difficulties reading stuff and I've
compensated for that by speed reading
like I read ahead and then and so like I
saw the two of zand basically my mind
and fine mind it's our Irish I I'm a
great admirer of all of you at red
letter media keep it up can't wait to
see what's next
not a robot 101 I totally believe you
not a robot sausage toes for 22 months
in a row and sausage toes says of course
a hot dog is not a sandwich because you
would never cut it in half to share
sausage toes that's on you man maybe
you're a dick you should share your
hotdogs man damn man 60 to 80 Oh bother
418
months in a row and Oh bother says
previously reheated live Andy from space
he's from space towed decimals 12 months
in a row tow decimal says happy almost
Halloween and happy one-year anniversary
absolutely turn decimals smack that one
still batting still yes still batting a
thousand oh it's a baseball thing I
would have said one zero zero zero so
like oh my god because I just don't know
sports there's something you know that
means batting a thousand means you've
hit all the balls if it all of the balls
that you swung at that you swung at
you've hit all the balls that you've
swung at well congratulations still
batting 1000 technically you can still
get some strikes Oh as long as you're
not out and you get that hit oh okay
you're batting a thousand there you go
and what is it pitching a thousand two
or what's the pitching thing or is that
just a perfect game you want low numbers
but it's not like a thousand it's one
point or two points or something er eh
it's the earned run average for one it's
more convoluted stat for what even for
what for pitching we have one more name
oh we have four more for pitching for
pitching thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it sure too rich
explained more sports analogies to me
