Mar 2, 2016
Plinkett v Milwaukee, Superhot
https://www.twitch.tv/video/61634727
https://www.twitch.tv/video/61650305
https://www.twitch.tv/video/61654179
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H7_bPKwybmk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3xPQvBjATq4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YubTejSxnxU
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/705119991385853952

[Part I]
the rent like yeah how can I am oh I
could have like be like this like he
could but it's on the side of him a
little gap Jana's just like and I'm like
oh like the time I got my own boogers
they believe that though and then you'd
never live in town you think you think
they wouldn't understand that I was that
I was joking yeah I guess I could see
some of them
he's a torturer I'm chubby I'll double
check it is great great hello everyone
doing welcome everyone welcome welcome
welcome we will be playing um not XCOM 2
tonight I just pick something on my
teeth and ate it on camera wait I don't
care did you do that for real and deal
with a snob no I just picked like him
that's my thing stuck my tongue in a
chip I guess it's a little bit of chip
yeah stuck on my toes I just picked that
if I can delete it that's known why
don't you throw it in the floor you know
well you should buy just not pick your
key your Dan you got a thing stuck in
your teeth all stream well you you know
you can there's probably some floss or
toothpick here welcome to the stream
everybody um oh so we are gonna play
superhot later that's the game that
everyone's playing right now but first
um let me find his name Adam Lee the the
guy who does the previously recorded
animated segments made a game in 48
hours he made a planket game planket
versus Milwaukee the 48 hour Edition and
we're going to play that because I
thought that would be fun this is the
the ugliest can of coke I've ever seen
in my life
that is a very ugly can of cokes don't
that's product placement we're gonna
flag for that really no not really what
I'm tired of how shitty it looks this is
really ugly product ah an update on some
of our flagged videos we we now receive
approximately 20 copyright claims a week
Wow because people are cycling through
them I received five copyright claims
for all of our rocket League videos yeah
all from CD Baby who's CD Baby CD Baby
is like an online CD distributor for
smaller artists and apparently they own
the streaming rights to all of the music
that was used in rocket Li oxic and so
like they you know they kept all the
videos up but it like this was their
scam because in looking into it I did a
little bit of research and they only
have rights if you play the complete
song outside of the video game no really
yeah
but they claimed them all anyway and so
that's their scam yeah I'll claim a
thousand videos with these songs and get
the ad revenue for two days for each of
those thousand videos boom boom boom
money and like I I countered each claim
and within a day at least yeah but still
they they had it for maybe a week that
money doesn't get overturned mm-hmm no
please don't get money I really well I
believe I actually I don't can't that
can't be right I don't know what to tell
you the truth I could be a wealthy man
making a bogus copyright claim and like
you know the the Star Wars The Force
awakens trailer that comes out yeah no
no it's my property
haha actually wonder well you know what
may they're probably not banking on that
ad revenue they're banking on the
smaller channels who don't want to fight
back yeah and then they just get to keep
claiming yeah so anyway a bunch of bogus
bunch of bogus claims bunch of normal
claims I'm handing you the motion I
don't think this is a mouse game it's
not a mouse game I think you usually
keep one oh my god so what is this game
this all I know about this game is um is
its point good vs. Milwaukee made by I
know you said once but basil say it
again because we've been bullshitting
yeah ten minutes this was made by friend
of the show I forgot
his name already Adam Lee and Adam Lee
is the one who does from the friend of
the show Adam Lee friend of the show
insert name here Adam Lee who does the
previously recorded animated who's done
a bunch of animated clips for from old
past previously recorded lives and made
this game as part of a 48-hour game jam
and wanted us to play it remember had
them play thing that if it saves
keyboard guys keep running play what
happened
unable to watch his VHS copy of Night
Court clink it vows revenge on his
repairman Mike in Jay oh my god oh my
god make sure you don't you suppose I
don't know did you hit Enter yes
Oh spice mark space unfortunately
blanket posted his revenge scheme on his
webs own something the Milwaukee police
took very seriously and so now he must
evade the police so that he can find
those hack frauds hey what are my
controls here I can only assume the era
oh my god oh my god perfect well no I
heal thing
I know okay so it's like a cannibal
oh no no procedurally generated
endless-runner nope nope nope nope
Jack move your head okay can you not see
Plunkett because of my head placement
thanks blanket you know my head I think
my head is one is right in front of
blanket oh wow I just tell me
yeah or show us again show OBS oh yeah
look at that okay here we go
well you know here I'll just temporarily
oh sure okay that's fine we could do
that too just so you guys can see what's
happening here
oh god I'm not especially good at
endless records jack oh this is a Jacke
game why mr. Jack why am i why am i
doing nice you know spaces jump spaces
jump do the arrow tease do anything oh
yeah oh oh God see what do you hit what
don't you hit what would you do hittin
what you don't hit you hit those and you
hit the square of things so far those
have been the only things I hit I can do
this rich I believe in the power of me I
think there are like bodies hanging off
of those four because their acts
whoa oh nice I dodged the police though
oh fuck how about oh fuck oh fuck oh
fuck
oh I hit that
oh fuck fuck fuck nope come on
twitchy twitchy you know you need the
momentum though to get over the
buildings get over the gaps that's good
you like this because this is the anti X
code you know I think my feet you know a
lot of people were upset about my
opinions with X down your opinions but
you know like I admit it is a perfectly
competent game and if you are a fan of
that genre that's the game for you that
means you're supposed to recommend it
all right it's why I don't like finally
oh this is the score yeah but I don't
recommend it because like I don't want
to play it but you should recommend it
for the kind of people who would like
the thing didn't I say that
it's equivalent details in that point uh
what what just happened there need a
shot okay
fortunately there is health things you
can get shot you just can't fall so is
there an end yes he he specifically said
in his email that he wanted us to get to
the end oh he didn't know who he was
talking to I'm sure he did he's made
videos about us
I'm just not sure that's the thing
that's gonna happen and oh we can't look
no no don't hit the cat currently
hitting the cat oh oh my god you lost
like a thirty year health because you
hit the cat three times I you know what
I was doing which I was figuring out the
game oh my god
I was figuring out the game so you can't
hit the cat or let the policeman shoot
you but you can run through the
policeman you can run through the
policeman but if the policeman shoots
you you can't stop oh so he takes the
brakes off yeah well oh I like how I
said oh fuck and planket said how far I
see I thought you said it because Polly
consented oh you know I think it's just
something to say
look nice save nice save ah chat saying
the twist at the end is there is no end
that could be I could see I could see
him just fucking with us no I really
want you to make it to the end it's not
a big special surprise that waiting for
you right up there at the end we're
working somebody find this or is there
no place to get this if you're not us
now I think anybody can play this I
can't tell you right now because if
you're doing a thing isn't playing here
think he open it up to anyone hold on
give me one second I'm kind of in a
groove no Punk original take over ma
you're just gonna take over a little bit
I will find you I will I will put the
link in the chat
I will put the link in the chat right
now
oh no I hit jump damn it I hit jump why
did you not do the thing I told you to
do okay Oh Tiberius Kirk got it before
me both me at both us and Tiberius Kirk
just links to it
anyone can play this game for free to a
fan made game as made as part of a
48-hour game jam and I think it's fun
you know Canabalt Canabalt was that was
the big indie game for a long time the
big free brow in browser indie game you
probably didn't pay much attention to it
apparently not whoa whoa that cops
coming after you that was new that was
new Oh
Jim Tintin you know before every game
was an Angry Birds clone before well you
know before every game was a flappy bird
clone before every game was an Angry
Bird clone there was cannibals didn't
think I was going to make that one and
this is a little different than can
evolve because cannibals know you never
stop running and this one you you know
you have to kind of squeal on the brakes
a little bit oh that's a bra that looks
like a like a hanging that look like a
hanging child but it was a Brer oh my
god oh my god indeed oh my god indeed
where are you I did my tips alert stairs
go beeps alert sirs
Oh okay let's see here from Chatham
Freud yo Dawgs please honor my Welsh
ancestors by flawlessly pronouncing the
name of my town ooh
Chatham Freud I will try to properly
pronounce the name of your town a
barista with a barista it's a very weird
oh I'm gonna say it's a barista with
Chatham fraud you'll have to tell me if
how correct that is can you read that
where's it every store yeah that's what
I'd say that's what that's what I said
every swears maybe with your and I like
that was a dragon right so yeah well I
don't know I don't know nothin about
nothin' oh no have I dishonored his
ancestors you know what your ancestors
can go fuck themselves oh no your
ancestors are fine I just you know I
didn't grow up speaking their language
what's what's wrong with fucking
yourself it's fine it's fine this fine
activity
it harms nobody and Shaddam freud gave
us another tip to say damn near perfect
boom hey your ancestors are pleased so I
am pleased needs more phlegm for Welsh a
barista with a barista Mary Smith is
that's the Beatles everything is the
Beatles from marietherese twits all of
England as all as Oliver that's all of
Europe as far as I'm concerned well no I
don't give a fuck about ancestry I just
don't
uh you know I think that's a very
American thing what not giving a fuck
about answer not giving a fuck about
your ancestry I remember like it being
kind of a big deal to my parents and a
very big deal to my grandparents you
know but after a while it's just like
our American fuck yes yes yeah yeah it's
what have your grandfather did something
great that just means you're pathetic
by comparison my great-great-grandfather
was the the king of Northwest Ireland
what the fuck you've done your life
nothing you've done nothing Jack I was
dead to me I've done nothing my
great-great-grandfather is fair you know
used his all of his money to immigrate
here to America to start a life for
himself you shouldn't and I I talked
about video games you should not pay for
the sins of your father but you
shouldn't take credit for his
accomplishments either boom you know
rich Evans is doing right now droppin
some fat knowledge Oh mmm can't cat you
can do a rich I believe in you I can I'm
gonna die one more time I'm gonna hand
you back the keyboard okay that's fine
you can do that too so why is there
still Oktoberfest in st. Patrick's Day
the other thing Americans because
there's also good reasons to get drunk
yeah we enjoy any excuse to drink and I
am of Irish ancestry and everyone I know
of Irish ancestry doesn't give a fuck
about st. Patrick's Day in America I've
got at least partially yeah
Irish ancestry oh yeah they come from a
tit
okay all right here we go oh my god I
can't believe I made that oh man there
we go anodite I was so surprised that I
made the jump before that I wasn't
thinking about the next thing the key is
to actually take your time you're trying
to fly it like cannonball cannon
Canabalt Kenna bolt yeah it's not
cannibal take advantage of the fact that
you will just stop you know what you're
right rich those things there I rich the
game tricks you into thinking it's like
cannibals and it is more I mean it's
more fun just go be it's not more fun to
just go ah fuck see now you gotta move
to get away to get around the cops oh
you know how you know that st. Patrick's
Day is bullshit in America people who
aren't Irish celebrate that's the thing
real people of Irish ancestry in America
don't give two fucks about st. Patrick's
Day we drink every other day every other
day of the year you got you everyone
everyone else has st. Patrick's Day oh
yeah be a little Irish get drunk have
fun yeah we live with that every day see
it kappa ah yeah damn cats
and do this
what ah you can you can use the
controller as well there are two levels
there are two levels what controller oh
just a controller yeah no yeah this
works
back whenever we're never gonna see the
second level you can do it right we can
do this so so Rx come interview
that's Friday our XCOM interview is
happening on Friday it's really
happening
this is a one final love notice that you
can send us potential questions
yep I've gotten your emails and I've
gotten your tweets and I've compiled
them a lot of questions wanting to know
why swords are so awesome a lot of
questions wanted to know about swords
and why they're just the most the best
weapon in the game uh-huh uh-huh so
anything else that's like a legitimate
question and I've let's fuck with rich
Evans yes you know some some people
wanted to know if we could get any
insight on possible console ports okay
any insights on deals see possibly
coming out I can't imagine that we'll
get this exclusive scoop on that but I
will ask no you know the last thing I
would have thought to ask about what DLC
people definitely want to know about
that you know for people I know my my
computer was barely running it and and
the original ax comes in fairly well on
consoles I don't think it did it made
its money on Steam
oh sure me it made its money on Steam
but I think it sold decently on consoles
I thought I heard an iPad port I sure
did really well on PC I thought I heard
it too bad on consoles you know what
maybe I just assumed the overall
popularity of the game we're not
actually streaming it we will not be
streaming the interview they they would
prefer a previously recorded interview
that's not even the devs themselves
requesting that that's their PR people
yeah that's the people from 2k and you
know that makes sense that makes sense
it's out of our hands I would love to
streaming but we did ask we did ask if
we could stream the interview so you
guys could ask questions live I want
something I'm not sure if I've ever
mentioned before Kevin from Firaxis has
been in the chat before and we were I
think it was actually during Rich's
first playthrough of XCOM which he loved
watching rich fail at ex-con - he loved
it and we were chatting after that
stream and Kevin wanted to make special
mention about how well-behaved everyone
in our chat was so mod you doing a great
job my legacy is the thing well and you
know obviously I like a lot of people
who have been in our chat have been with
us for a while now we kind of just all
know each other true true but also our
mods I think do a really great job of
keeping everyone civil and it has been
noticed
compared to other live twitch streams so
thank you everybody for your kindness
and that we're not being dicks basically
thanks for not being dicks
Kevin Kevin wanted me to mention
specifically that that our chat was not
full of dicks
now I'm gonna say lol fuck my cock
that's fine that's why lol fuck my cock
is fine that's the thing
that's the thing that's one of them
things
we can do this we can do this you know
it would it would be helpful there's a
way to like fight back try the other
buttons we got big fare we've only hit
space there might be other buttons you
know what I bet it says an email I just
barely
I'm just barreling through I'm barreling
through
ha oh I made it really far that time
options nope
let's see if the other buttons do
anything check this out here you got one
ah no movement is arrow keys and then
jump and action of the spacebar there
are no other controls jump and action
jump and action oh you're playing now
rich started playing is it better using
the controller oh I don't know yeah well
you can use the d-pad yeah yeah but you
know that's one of my biggest complaints
um I've been playing a lot of crypt of
the necrodancer now that it's on vita
group and you can only use the d-pad Oh
an Vita on Vita for crypt of the
necrodancer and i heerd i would really
love to use the joystick for movement
it's not the biggest deal but i would
love to put that cat on microwave like
the d-pad is kind of above the joystick
on the on the Vita and so like it's it's
just a weird angle that you have to be
had to play crypt of the necrodancer but
not the not the biggest complaint not
the biggest of the cat
I hate that cam I hate hate hate that
damn I think you're supposed to hate
that cat so it's okay is it possible
there's a touch of keyboard lag causing
it to eat shit so hard yeah I don't know
do you think the controller do you feel
like you're performing better on the
controller which I use them back to back
here no I don't know I'm just fuck that
yep you can do it
10 - 10 - 10 - yeah no well somebody
should talk
you know I guess you're right
somebody should talk about something
hold on let me break out my list of
things to talk about if we ever run out
of things to talk about I would like to
tell you about a situation I had
recently I was playing a game I was
playing a game called fire watch um and
I didn't know too much about fire watch
when I started playing you know it kind
of has a cartoony art style to it
actually I when I first started hearing
about the witness I got them confused a
lot because they both have like in their
trailers they both have a lot of bright
orange arms but you know like all I
really knew about fire watch was you're
you're a guy in the woods and you have
to solve a mystery yeah that's all I
really knew about it's like oh that you
know I'd heard some praise for it and
it's like oh you know I really want to
play this game and so I started playing
it the other day and as I start playing
it one of my boys comes into my office
and wants to know if he can watch me
play yeah and you know like I don't know
too much about the game so I take a
quick look at the steam page and didn't
notice any rating more responsible to
have a badge yeah sure
well then you know what and then I took
another step further and I went to the
the website for it and again didn't
notice any rating for it and so I was
like okay you know yeah sure went up and
and we start playing the game and maybe
two minutes in there there's a bunch of
text at the beginning of the game
and a minute and he's reading the text
and there's just a giant f-bomb and you
know how I feel about cussing her and
but you know we moved past it I don't
make a big deal out of it you know he's
he's read he's read the f-word before
yeah so just moved past okay we start
playing the game all right we start
playing the game and within five minutes
god forbid he could hear a word he's
going to use for the rest of us he will
he will but we've had this discussion he
is not necessarily prepared for
restraining it was the hour of that the
power of that word he's not prepared for
it whoa nice dodge rich except I got
fucked by the slow comp uh there's
several several more fucks right at the
beginning of the game yeah and it's
people saying them not just not just
reading them uh-huh and you know so it's
like again I did not make a big deal out
of it because that's that's the the rule
is if you know it's just like just a
normal word try not to draw attention to
it right yeah so you know I played for a
little bit longer then it's like look I
couldn't do any yeah and I sent a slight
like I I don't think it was
mean-spirited but I sent a tweet to the
the gaming studio yeah and the tweet was
simply you know not the tweet said not
it while not a big deal a language
warning for Firewatch would have been
nice I had my kid in the room with me
while I was playing yeah that's it you
know and one of the developers started
tweeting back to me and you know was
just saying you know the game is rated M
by the ESRB for strain you know for
strong language yeah and so I go back to
the steam page and the rating is nowhere
on the steam page and I go back to the
website and the rating is not on the
website i watch the trailer again and
the rating is not on the
trailer okay did you get tweet them back
I did well I was just like where do i I
said where do I find these ratings you
know like I don't see it anywhere on the
steam page and he's like oh yeah you
know like we we it's different for every
platform like it's on PlayStation and we
have to put the rating on that page but
we don't have to put it on the steam
page it's like oh well then how the fuck
am I supposed to know what the rating
it's like if I take full responsibility
because if I were doing my full I can't
do anything you can do it you can do it
there you go nice
oh nice rich nice um Anderson sighs
Buccaneers lightning crash we see a
heart repair
Mike Shay who are unquestionably
terrified by his news call for all the
Milwaukee Police have Rafa whoa whoa oh
that hurts your thing yeah I just
noticed yeah how fun um so anyway I take
full responsibility if I was doing my
full parental due diligence I would have
gone to the ESRB website and looked up
the game right yeah but it also it was
difficult to find whoa later the game
developer tweeted back to me to say that
on the steam page in in the description
of the game not right away but kind of
kind of in there there is there is a
note and the note says the note
specifically says what is it it says
something like eerily specific which
says a note Firewatch is a video game
about adults having adult conversations
about adult things if you plan on
playing with a younger gamer that might
be a good a good to know going in
and then like I got a little
conspiratorial hmm where I was like I
don't remember reading that because I
read the steam page you know before I
started playing and that's oddly
specific to my tweet did they just add
that into their fucking steam
probably no they probably didn't oh wow
okay they probably did not add that in
after him after my tweet I'm just oh god
oh god that note means they've gotten
that specific complaint before I think I
think and and I'm not I'm not saying
that my conspiracy theory is true but it
again and you know like I was back and
forth with the developer a little bit on
Twitter and I was just like again like
not this isn't like game breaking for me
not the hugest deal this just would have
been a nice thing you know and I did
take full responsibility yeah oh my god
oh my god what nice nice maneuver there
yeah yeah yeah the gets stuck behind the
mailbox maneuver hey come on that's
great
whoo wait what's gonna happen
oh I'm in control
aha I find you fucking talentless hacks
burr to taste my wrath what are you
talking about oh no one worm-like enjoy
how a mountain or something or shrunken
oh wait wait a second this whole
situation doesn't actually make any
sense
I'll be ready young again Oh fine
whatever boy guys we can't keep up and
take it we desperately need backup
but who now wait there is someone his
name space cap have a plague and defeat
a cop from the future
um and we'll play it to fit account for
the future of space sentry playing it
but your journey ends here I've been
looking forward to this for a long time
yeah I bet you have oh I did the head
dodge hahahaha most amusing most amusing
well thanks Adam William John fits given
oh honey we got each our own remix
zuma-zuma Zuma it's coming out tomorrow
you know what is the next plank of
review I thought we weren't telling him
mister but tomorrow it's just mine this
is a day in advance Mike told us
specifically not to tell anyone
okay okay great let's uh let's get into
some let's turn the uh the face cam they
couldn't see a lot of beautiful faces my
oh my god
um just this guy you know did our alum
get my magic grow capsules did you not
install I installed you earlier didn't
you want to do this I did this we were
you were watching me do this one of one
items completed okay that's fine um
justice guy you know says did you get my
magic grow capsules also cashews I was
in a weird mood hope they are at least
somewhat enjoyed thanks for playing new
game yay I mean cashews will be enjoyed
by most except for rich yeah I can
assume I am horribly deathly allergic to
dose which is horribly definitely
allergic but what keyboard keyboard oh
yeah we need to have them see what we're
playing we're gonna place

[Part II]
see what we're playing we're gonna play
super hot now oh I should update the
stream yeah yeah we have no longer
playing Plunkett vs. Milwaukee we're not
playing
super hot search super hot okay and
update what great latest Humble Bundle
has classic Star Wars games on sale
yeah looting the x-wing games the only
reason I have as many Star Wars games
they do is because they got them all on
hundl bundle last time they're on sale
for like five bucks mm-hmm
when when I was playing in the
background looping we had to start we're
just in the force awaken the Force
Unleashed Unleashed oh yeah yeah that's
the only reason I have that I actually
played a little bit I think it's crap
uh-huh but whatever I will not be
discussing for those asking I will not
be discussing Firewatch yet because rich
apparently I can only type are you
you're not typing that no rich hasn't
played it yet and so I don't want to
talk about it because we might be doing
that for our next review
this is how the game starts yeah how
strange
I always enjoy this look this old
computer he look it's very fun I had the
hardest time getting used to windows cuz
I'm just used to this once once upon a
time oh of course my dad was a computer
now so I I used computers at an early
age
the the thing I can tell you about fire
watch is I have beaten it already beaten
it I've completed the game already oh
hey and
oh you die in one hit though oh okay
what shoot well you at time probably has
to move for you to shoot right weird is
this like that pony game I know
maybe who knows oh my god indeed
anonymous would like to say hello prereq
I bought a ps4 and blood-borne because
you made it look so awesome it's great
do you recommend the dlc or other ps4
games if if you're enjoying blood but
wait till you know you beat blood-borne
or you get your money's worth from
blood-borne but if you like blood-borne
yes you will love the DLC it's just more
blood-borne oh what was the Sun it was
rich
I kind of like it I kind of like it this
is way too loud what's way too loud the
game is the game too loud can we turn
the game volume up wait what
hold on which is which what's too loud
what's too quiet the game has no music
or anything it's only you only here when
when you fire the gun or it says to
popped the OMG is too loud okay can you
go into the alt tab into the mixer again
just turn that down a little bit more oh
how did that it went all the way back up
on its own bizarrely we before the
stream started rich rich moved the OBS
volume slider down to the acceptable
level and it magically went back up to a
hundred which is why the oh my god was
so loud I don't know what's going on I
don't know what's going on but a that's
fine
so hopefully fix it the Louds are too
Louds and the quiets are too quiet yeah
yeah that happens that happens sometimes
everything is not fine Trump is still
leading in the polls right for Bernie
Sanders then you know it's it's it's
everything everything might be okay
no it's gonna be it's gonna be Hillary
and Trump and it's gonna be bad or worse
I was reading a very interesting there's
gonna be the most depressing election
that this country has ever had I was
reading a neat article kind of
chastising the American people for being
a little too singularly focused Trump is
doing very well in the polls and mostly
he's doing very well because people you
know he's anti-establishment right
the only problem is on Super Tuesday
those same people who voted so
anti-establishment
also voted to like give everybody who
had already has a job in Congress their
job back like all these people who
haven't been doing shit yeah have your
job back it's fine but
anti-establishment it's like you know
let's think let's think bigger than just
presidential election there's there's
also this whole Congress and Senate
thing that helps the government work
alright let's see here the anonymous
would like to say the OMG is not too
loud if you ask me it may not be loud
enough these enemies are kind of
mysteriously creepy don't you think or
maybe they're creepy because they're
mysterious
neil Bree you know listening to
listening Oh
listening to Trump speeches I back to
double-down a lot it's the best
everything everything is the best I like
I'm so smart
what was it that I heard the other day
like you know I like like you know I'm
pretty smile I I know all the words and
I used I use the greatest words is
something Donald Trump actually said the
man is Neal Breen
this is neat
rich thinks this is neat I have words I
have the best words that's what he said
you watch that john oliver sketch that
must been where I heard it I usually
catch that John Oliver oh you can punch
people if you don't have a weapon yeah
but the game probably recommends you
having a weapon the game volume is very
low okay give me a moment there's no
music there is no music
as soon as rich is done with this level
we will we will go into OBS and turn the
game volume up a bit okay super hot
super hot there we go now you should be
hearing the game a little bit more but
there's no music it's suggestion you
should try this I sure can I use this
and controllers who I can you know me
and controllers rich I love them
you like to play yeah great okay here we
go
super ultra super super what come with
us
I have never heard of this to like
literally an hour ago
like like ten minutes before we started
streaming yeah yeah I shoot him in a
dick nope you need time for the recoil
and everything shoot him in the dick oh
yeah I only want to shoot people of a
dick grab the gun you know what that is
kind of a seed you know like shoots you
in the head
what the one guy doesn't he behind
either when you punched no he fell into
the Treena
oh nice you have to account for him
moving right so I shoot a little bit
before him yeah oh you ever again and
take care of you oh whoa you're moving
dodge you can throw the gun at him look
like a right click - if you know I'm
time - nope press B to throw okay now
controllers which one which one has
bullets probably the one that didn't
blow up
just throw the gun whoa Oh punch punch
Oh oh god there's another guy there's a
gun in the air stops okay tries again
punch grab you can also shoot the
bullets out of the air or somebody
thinks come on this game that I like do
poorly just because of the name like
superhot what the fuck is that I don't
know what the fuck this is waiting for
recoils strafe straight I got it I got
it
oh shit go for center mass mr. dicks
yeah I like the big shots superhot
Billa hecka says I would love an update
and strafe that look fun yeah I have no
idea what what the deal is currently
with strafe have you heard me updates
yep
the only having in here there they're
working on it is is uh you know we got a
we just recently they put out a new
trailer featuring the greatest song ever
Smash Mouth a cover of Smash Mouth is
all-star and they're working on it he's
all we got the greatest song ever
Bohemian Rhapsody so the greatest song
ever I'm just a cool doesn't really pick
up where I left off I'm terrible with
lyrics I'm terrible so the perfect song
has to be a song that you can listen to
at any time no matter your mood or
feelings so bohemian bohemian rhapsody'
is a perfect song absolutely is that
guess what I'm trying to say
from Joe GE hey guys Jack have you seen
song of the sea' incredible animated
movie that I think you would like also
you guys should do should try Devil
daggers on Steam it's a bullet-hell
version of doom I like that I have I've
seen other people do devil daggers it
looks very interesting
it's I want to say it's like a do mask
roguelike you know where it's like the
eighties just keep coming in and devil
devil beggar's couple evokes has been
watching it mister let's paint TV and
California's gold with Huell Howser and
any interesting local cable access shows
where you've lived by the way DC
Universe Online is for the ps4 and it's
free you fuck hey I couldn't say the
last time I've watched TV little and be
able to tell you what what public access
shows exist around here right I don't
know if this is a national thing but I
think out of Chicago the the only like
real public access or like left trigger
to jump like the only like super weird
show that we had over here was fan ghuli
there's no public access though it's
weird it's poor Chicago and then
Milwaukee yeah oh and it's very Chicago
oh wait I saw its kind of like Elvira
spend Ghoulie yeah where he'd just play
like old b-movies
then he'd talk between commercials there
are when what how can you know whose fan
Ghoulia's and not get a Berwyn reference
I've only seen him a couple times
you know what I got I got stopped going
for headshots that's my problem yeah yes
that is my real problem is using is
using the controller because my aim is
shit
is this back yeah oh they're kind of
like teleport in up here yeah five
dollars and you skip my posts as general
Gore I'm sorry general Gore see what do
we got here
dick Jack can you sporadically during
tonight's stream do your Rick from
Walking Dead impression coral Cara I
even want a squirrel thing in the
walking dead you know Rick has a like a
weird way of talking and his son's name
is Carl Oh
and so the general joke if you are a fan
of what Walking Dead is to come quarrel
with my boy my boy coral right here boom
it says Jack beer recommendation my wife
and I checked out classic slice last
time we were in Milwaukee and loved it
any other restaurant you love there lol
fuck my cock now you're talking oh my
god this guy moves fast hey guys
dickhead yeah classic slice is one of my
is is an amazing pizza place look at
this press X to edit the replay press a
to hand over the control I don't know
what that means is an amazing piece
place I live in
yeah grab again shoot you in the neck I
am exceedingly lucky where I live in a
neighborhood in Milwaukee that just has
a metric shit Hall of restaurants oh oh
and you weren't moving you dick I shoot
you in the head for that oh what's that
coming
walks right into it the classic sizes
great pizza if you're all if you're
looking for pizza in in on the south
side of Milwaukee there are two places
to go to and that is classic slice or
transfer oh whoa
transfer has what I know transfer also
has really great pizza and they they
have more like artisan need pizza if
that is the thing that makes sense to
anyone ali riza says i want to send you
beer from my brewery what address can I
send it to also do you have a preferred
way for me to package it we most of us
besides rich Evans loves beer hold on
one one thing at a time you time stops
no it doesn't it just slows down see
look he's still moving there's my gun
dick okay hold on we have we have a
couple things to take care of you why
it's time to stand up that is number one
number one is it is time to stand up Wow
I'll tell y'all about a transfer which
is great pizza place honey pie honey pie
if you are looking for burgers and fries
and some of the best cupcakes I have
ever had they make giant cupcakes yeah
they have these things called pork fries
which is just a big bucket of homemade
fresh cut french fries with barbecue
pork on top with cheese sauce with bacon
bits on top like real bacon bits are
like bacon it's amazing honey pie
Oh
alright I'm back honey pie is amazing
there is there are a couple restaurants
in in Bayview that don't have official
menus they they they specialize in like
they just go to like the farmers markets
and see what's in season and make
whatever the hell they can with that and
so their menu changes daily one is
called lazy susan and one is called good
kind good kind is incredibly good very
expensive lazy susan is less expensive
also very good though so those are
usually my restaurant recommendations
classic slice honey pie good kind lazy
susan I mean but there's a slew of
really incredibly amazing restaurants
lazy susan i get it like susan restart
the timer great so those are some those
are my usual places that i like to eat
at but like there's also other places
there's there's a cafe centraal which is
a really good beer selection and and
good food overall there is the lulu cafe
which has great soup any time I go there
I always get a cup of soup don't even
look at what the soup is it's gonna be
the best soup you've ever had
all sorts of amazing things to eat in
this city next sending us beer from your
brewery what address do I send it to
other plx if you would send it but keep
in mind and we've we've been through
this before
it is technically illegal to ship beer
and we have never never gotten beer
shipped to us we have heard that if you
you had you have to kind of individually
wrap each beer bottle you know so that
it won't get like flagged as beer but if
you individually wrap each beer bottle
in bubble wrap
it would probably last a trip but it's
it's illegal to ship beer so we would
not want any beer not at all don't send
us an e CH oh I get it
the wink seems suspicious yeah yeah that
was so yeah oh you have a sword now
baseball they have a baseball band
you're like get it before I got
overwhelmed here okay
Oh God you get punched you got punched
aren't you we used to have on the north
side of Milwaukee we used to going back
to restaurants Oh fuck's sake we used to
have a really great ramen place on the
north side of Milwaukee and it moved
fuck far away you're punching strategy
seems to be working better Tochi was a
good ramen place and it's not around
anymore now we don't have any good ramen
places we have a fuck place that's
pretty good way clay sells fuck and fuck
is kind of like the lesser good ramen
I'm okay with the ramen
should be all the rage all days ramen is
the most delicious food
I've got ever been to ma Fisher's by the
Oriental in my younger days I've been to
Ma fish's we we have a plethora of
24-hour all-encompassing diner eateries
here in Milwaukee because we stay out
late in the drink and ma fishers is one
of those on the east side it's fine it's
you know it's not it's not great but
it's fine I haven't been there since
I've been in adults and any good food
nice I'm not oh no no I'm not slandering
far I'm just saying if you have a choice
between fun ramen you go with ramen
that's the clear choice
worse pronunciation of its it's
pronounced fuh dude
it's spelled pho pronounced fuh
I want to pronounce it pho but that's
not how it's pronounced it's pronounced
Fah
oh he shot tha he shot the the bottle
that you threw at him cue ball oh nice
Jack does the alarm go off in the cinema
and do you try to convince everyone to
get up and stretch with you no no I'm
not for not for movies even for longer
gaming sessions I have on my on my
computer I have get up every hour alarm
and for games it shuts it automatically
shuts off that alarm so I even when I'm
home sometimes I forget Fah Fah is a
is the I believe that is the correct
pronunciation with a shotgun what what a
shotgun someone has a shotgun yeah ftk
animator you can email me if you want to
email prereq you can do so add prereq at
red letter media comm or if you want to
email me directly my email is har lac at
Mac which is ma C calm feel free to
people email me often kill the person
take the shotgun yeah that's much easier
said than done
and many people here are agreeing with
me it is pronounced foe and I know you
got i know usually I'm wrong when it
comes to these things but I the only
reason I know it's pronounced pause
because I've been corrected
we need your personal cell phone number
too just in case wow that did not work
out well you're obsessed with that
shotgun that's why I'm okay let's see
here
van Belding says should the new Star
Trek series be like the original series
or should it be something different
I think angela bassett would be a great
captain to find different Oh
define different not all change is good
obviously you know it needs to modernize
why to be relevant that means it needs
to be entirely different no not entirely
different how different does it need to
be to make you happy just me you know
what just needs to be and why does it
need to be different you know all it
needs to be is good takes place 200
years from now it's more than modern I
will settle for an entertaining show he
just keeps picking up a shotgun well
wouldn't you
Zulu's oolong yo says hey you fucks rich
yeah would you recommend XCOM - yeah we
went over this I'm a huge fan of the
originals and loved enemy within Jack
the whole video on this say that's great
that's great PS I wanted to subscribe
but won't let me without a credit card
that's alright Zullo neo rich what's
your current hour countin XCOM - I think
it's 189 189 hours in tax counter that
is now less than a month that is a solid
recommendation rich and I were
discussing what game we wanted to do for
our next episode and riches first
reaction it was oh that means I have to
stop playing XCOM to for a little bit
huh rich might have a problem
give me a gun give me that gun
ah hard one yeah doesn't have he doesn't
have a real guy he does have a real job
this is rich his real job that's how I
you know someone asked me that or I saw
a comment on one of the YouTube shows
about like how we find time to play
games
yeah we make it part of our job to play
game time you know it helps it helps but
like you know we don't make a ton of
money doing this but we still make it
part of our job which means you find
time you find time for the things that
you want to do always time gentlemen
please
did kind of hate that they just spawn
behind you uh time gentlemen please what
does that mean thing means fuck you it's
the other gun and turn around where is
that guy behind you Oh though do you
spawn behind you now yeah there is
take a moment rich look around oh I
think they don't like it that you took
the shotgun and they were spawning
before stick and move rich that's what
they're saying stick a move first jack
appears on stream with a cancer mask and
now rich isn't playing X come to true
martyrs for the cause we it's true you
know we want to make sure we give you
guys the newness the hotness the super
hotness all the stuff that you want
nice but obviously rich loves XCOM -
loves it so hot oh I I know you said
cancel masks but I don't know if I don't
know how many people would get the joke
well most of our fans would that's
probably true hey Jack I will also ask
this - rich is there a movie you loved
growing up and now kinda hate I'm I'm
sure several I watched many crappy
movies growing up a lot you know what
movie I haven't seen since I've been an
adult but I know I watched the shit out
of as a kid is is uh my girl really
remember my girl yeah I didn't watch the
shit out of it but we had a very limited
movie selection in my where'd the
shotgun go where'd the shotgun go he
took it well or he has it that's a
different one oh I watched we have to
look into this whole replay thing cuz I
bet like whoo you know now look you
watch you watch it in real time and it
looks like he did some amazing things
supergirl my girl and girl girl
weapons despawn after a certain amount
of time in this game rich is what
they're saying he can't see without his
glasses oh man
a young movie watchers first
introduction to the idea that a
protagonist could die that's true which
in my girl
oh you know the Culkin well see the
protagonist I mean he was a secondary
character he's still main character
still you know not maybe not the
protagonist but you know he was the the
second fiddle an important part of the
film in any case I remember watching
that and enjoying that as a kid and I
bet as an adult I would find it a little
a little too sappy to enjoy um con
cretin do you guys just drive the space
cop car car around like it's normal or
is it just for special occasions
I used to drive around like it was
normal because it was my car the it
wasn't full space cop though like you
took the laser bazookas off yeah but it
happened like the space-car I know I
don't want do that dad and had the space
cop logo on him everything also a tip
before and you missed my question con
cretin wants to know if we are feeling
the burn I used some powder earlier and
so I'm I'm fine I think the burn sadly
has burned out no yeah yeah I'm gonna
try not to get political because I know
that you you chatters we'll start
blowing up I'm kind of objectively
speaking there is still a possibility
it's slim it's only it's extremely it's
as slim as it was before
no it's it's a slimmer than it was
before he needed to do overwhelming well
in the primaries to get the knot the
primaries are not over yet just because
Super Tuesday is over doesn't mean the
primaries are over
he's lost most of them he's he won won
won
did he win one primary one state he's
won several okay temperatures 81 like
for if there's no right yeah like one
before that everyone like like eight or
day she's gonna get the not Hillary won
the big ones Hillary has always as far
as I'm concerned
Hillary is all has always been expected
to get the nod and Bernie is the is the
contender who knows if he can pull it
off or not at this point II can't
yeah he's good yeah you're living in
la-la land no no I'm not I'm not saying
anything pro con I'm saying it is still
a possibility I'm saying it's not I'm
saying our options for the election are
gonna be bad and worse that is most
likely true that is most likely true
but it was a fun ride so anyway that's
about it that's about all the political
discussion is you know it's been it's
been fun watching it's been fun watching
I do I I do enjoy
5:38 coverage of everything 5:38 it
seems to have a way to cover everything
mathematical and and take oh god damn it
take any sort of affiliation out of it
and so they're the ones I usually pay
attention to and according to 538 there
is still a slim possibility for Bernie
but obviously most likely Hillary is
going to get the nod and you know a big
surprise to everyone I think is Trump is
most likely going to get the nod just
cuz he once the primaries doesn't mean
that the people in charge the Republican
Party have to give him the nod
they that's true that's true I don't
think they will but we'll see we're not
done yet
we're not done yet and we're done and
the Democratic side it's gonna be
Hillary I still don't even as much as
he's winning yeah Trump is not getting
the nod he's not getting the nod the
party hates him and for good reason
is someone who is on the charity or
during space Kepler how long has it
taken to ship I depending on your
country I don't know how long it you
know they know he represents everything
that is evil and they're not gonna
they're not gonna run him it'll be a big
stink in the news all of his supporters
will be bitching it'll be it would be
interesting if they didn't run him
though because if they didn't run him he
would most likely go third party yeah
and then it's been it's Hillary for sure
and it's Hillary for then events a
Democrat for sure because if he
splinters the Republican Party like that
which is why
prospero huh Ross Perot Ross Perot
absolute that's a fun that's a perfect
fine example which is why I think if he
does well enough the Republican Party
might run him because they would rather
have crazy pants over no one you know
I'm just asking cuz I've ordered it like
at the end of January and still have not
received it it's been like five weeks
email contact at red letter media calm
send them your order number you know I
don't it doesn't happen very often but
it could have fallen through the cracks
contact at red letter media let them
know about this rich and I have almost
zero to do with shipping out space cop
blu-rays so yeah if it's been five weeks
you definitely should have gotten it I
know there was a time where they were a
little overwhelmed with orders and so it
was taking longer but that time is over
so you definitely should have gotten it
the Republican Party is already
splintered when that's that's the thing
that Trump has kind of proven with his
candidacy is the Republican Party is in
splinters and with Sanders the
Democratic Party is not looking as
unified as it once was
it's interesting it's interesting
quitting time quitting time so you know
that's all I can say is it's interesting
as is usually the case you know it's
it's incredibly important to remember to
vote in smaller elections as well we
just had you know County Executive vote
here in Milwaukee and our County
Executive is kind of a dick o BS oh he
shot the shotgun and then you sliced him
so all elections are important I think I
know many many of my family are
conservative conservative leaning of
folk and every single one of them I
talked to has just been like any anyone
but Trump at this point literally anyone
not Trump because I think they're also
rational folk yeah which i think is very
is very telling these are people who are
like super down with Mitt Romney who is
no great candidate by any by any means
but anyone with anonymous any reactions
to the Power Rangers movie reboot news
max landis is a credited writer I have
no 20 when the Power Rangers started
coming up a slight exaggeration but I
was too old for the Power Rangers it may
or may not be a good movie I'm gonna say
something incredibly controversial here
it may or may not be a good
oh shit I you know that one of the
things I've always liked about fun about
Power Rangers though is the the guys in
the big puppet suits battling it out
like that and so I hope they keep some
of that some of that I feel like if they
get rid of the the cheesy big monster
battles it'll lose some of its charm for
me at least
lock the Subaru blocked superhot well
exactly and that's that's the real thing
is like people dressed up in big
elaborate costumes might not make for a
great movie
so we'll see we'll see I mean I watch
the Power Rangers a bit now that I have
kids I've watched Power Rangers a bit
more what is happening here unauthorized
access oh oh they're going for a thing
they're going for a thing
Wow sorry rich I hit your mic I hit your
mic that's fine yeah would you take your
kids to Disneyland maybe I don't know I
I don't like places like that because
I'm usually uncomfortable in large
crowds but they might like it I don't
even know if they would like it what's
at Disney or roundish dialogue going on
about how the game has no plot and so
because they've addressed that they have
no plot it's it's okay
this game this game has no plot well it
seems that way at first oh but it
doesn't need a plot it's fun it's fun
yeah
dad ended their are though they're
trying to do it like a portal thing
where I know there's a hidden would yeah
I think so we'll see we don't get a fun
character to listen to though we get we
got someone going shoot ball I get the
shoot guys in slow motion it's fun I
don't give a shit exactly rich do you
like minor league baseball I see you
with your Thunderbolts hat all the time
yeah look at this hat this hat is
awesome I don't know if you guys can see
this is just like a swinging pickaxe I
don't know I don't care what baseball
team that is I love that hat
they're called the dirty cheaters looka
the dirty cheaters that seems like a
really weird name alright the the
thunderbolts that's the hat out you see
me wearing all the time okay they
playing league called the Frontier
League and they're unaffiliated which
means that it's not even like
minor-league it's they're independent
okay and they're their league has a
salary cap they want to be spending too
much and this team came into the league
and you know they had a nice new
ballpark and they were getting lots of
people they're getting ton of people
with their games yeah and they were they
just had a shitload of money and they
didn't care about the salary camp they
played their players paid their players
more money anyways what I heard the
grapevine yeah and they just they took
the hit on the fine for it I guess they
could afford to they tried to be like
the Yankees they tried to buy the
frontier league independent league
championship it is it is well you know
what they paid their Logo Designer well
enough to make a kick-ass swinging
pickaxe logo I'd buy that at I'd buy
that at have you ever heard the East
Milwaukee dirty pickaxes like that have
you ever heard or even played stardew
valley I actually I think rich might
really like that it's a stardew valley
as the new kind of like farming
simulator game i haven't heard of it i
know i know you were you're a fan of
harvest movie yeah oh there's just all
sorts of guns in here
take your time take your time no rush I
get machine gun there's not just right
that's machine gun Oh
what hit me damn it hey rich important
question my quite magician says I
recently got X come 2012 in a humble
bundle yeah and I'm going to play it for
the first time yeah any suggestions
enjoy your game
what if someone is completely unaware of
the series I don't know what to tell you
like what's what's like the one trick
where it's like if you do this the game
might be slightly more enjoyable or
easier I'm in the middle just like
something else entirely entirely
different things are going on in my
brain uh-huh right now as compared to
what I play X come you know that right I
do
I don't know start start easy and he's
way into it and I don't know if you've
needed later advice after you have
experience I'll be glad to give it but I
need it like a more specific question or
I really can't so there's no there's no
I can't help you you would be a terrible
BuzzFeed writer yeah I wouldn't I'm glad
there's no one glad for that
five quick trips quick tips to quick
trips five quick trips to take tips on
XCOM just have fun that's Rich's major
suggestion as he really liked thanks
Scott likes X come Oh crocodile brain
would like to tip us and say I'm doing
my taxes please keep being entertaining
love you guys
thank you love you too crocodile brain
taxes are important get them done get
them done early it's tax time one small
ball says now that you have an X comm
interview planned can you use your
amazing internet fame to get an
interview with from soft Dark Souls 3
got me hyped lol fuck my cock I'm gonna
say no we can't probably not we you know
we were really lucky that Kevin Scholes
I want to say his last name is is is a
fan of the show and has stopped by chats
a few times to talk XCOM and so we we
just got lucky I reached out to him and
he gave he put me in contact with the
people I needed to be put in contact to
so unless we know someone who can get us
in contact with someone from from
software I'm probably not gonna happen
and a translator probably need to
translate I'm probably a translator
which yeah these things are just not but
you know anything's possible
you need someone Japanese to talk to
them right right yeah and we don't have
that we do not have a translator

[Part III]
my translator hey Jack if Batman V
Superman isn't good or not successful
what direction should the DC Cinematic
Universe go they need a DC Cinematic
Universe
well world collapse if the DC doesn't
have a cinematic universe you know
something they could do we'll never know
what happens with Aquaman here's the
thing with DC rich we'll never know what
happens to Aquaman is he gonna swim in I
know is he gonna talk to the fishes
we'll never know we live in a sorry
except for sentence was the most absurd
thing I've ever heard
yes I don't accept for Superman and
Batman yeah all of these characters are
fucking lame mm-hmm they wonder why
write in the comic books do you see lags
in sales behind Marvel maybe it's
because your characters are really lame
yeah let's go what are the flashes of
was worse rogues gallery what are they
looking like Captain Cold
turtleman turtleman boomerang guy don't
forget about his arch-nemesis the
reverse flash that's some creativity or
his arch nemesis from Earth to zoom who
is reverse-flash
isn't he actually was just revealed who
zoom was and I don't want to spoil it
for anyone who's watching the flash but
he's us he's a speedster yeah he's a
speedster
don't forget about Captain Boomerang
mirror master the mirror master turtle
man there's turtle it was too slow
flash couldn't handle it the trickster
Joker light diet Joker diet joker king
shark these are the only people from the
show there's your problem they see
there's your problem that's why you're
leaning on Batman like a crutch for life
support yeah
yep and I wanted to say that DC has
better villains no Batman has good
villain
Batman has better villains the the
problem the the flash is a one-note hero
he's got he's got one thing that's very
specific to him being a hero and for
some reason like they they want to give
each of his villains like a gimmick that
will like undo his SuperSpeed
we're just like superman has some decent
villains i feel but it's like superman
it's also fast and can fly and shit they
don't they don't necessarily like try to
like turtleman like oh I can make things
go really slow so I make the flash
really so flash has to go faster because
SuperSpeed flash powers be like that the
most opie thing in the world of course
he can't have the villain this is the
problem he's faster than like light yes
yeah yes you can't counter there he
travels like a 1000 miles per hour and
the blame the blink of an eye yeah maybe
the flash versus the juggernaut whose
whole thing is being you know invincible
no you know what not the juggernaut yeah
the the immovable object the blob the
the blob is the movable object okay yeah
yeah the blob either or either or
well the juggernaut just really strong
like he's not a moveable the blobs whole
thing is he creates artificial gravity
around himself so he literally cannot be
moved and so like that would be a fun
pair of the flash versus the blob
northern guns stop the blob gorilla
grood gorilla grodd this is something
chemical about a talking gorilla but can
you ever take that seriously nope ever
nope and you know where that really
doesn't work is with shitty CG like
Gorilla Grodd can work in an animated
universe or in a comic book universe
where everyone's drawn mm-hmm you can
make that work and he like his whole
thing is he's super smart and has
gorilla strengths okay and that's what
makes him diabolical like okay that's
fine we can be with that but when you
start going with live-action stuff
those kinds of villains look ridiculous
there I believe the story is once upon a
time there was a cover our DC comic
that's sold and usually well yeah
there's just a gorilla on the cover so
that became like a running thing
Gorillaz girl you got gorilla grood
Grodd
there's Grodd and what we gonna call
groove cuz I only saw it I only saw it
in prints for many many years who else
is there there's another one like April
like psychic powers things with his mind
I think I forget what he's called
there's a kryptonite if there's an ape
that has like kryptonite I beams that
fight Superman sure
Teno but there's old series of ape
things because that because I cover with
an ape on it sold really well once great
yeah that's great
my here's here's the thing is I enjoy
the flash show it's getting a little
ridiculous with all this earth to stuff
and I started watching the flash show
because it was it was very spider-man
like he was he was just a nerdy kid and
he happened to get these powers and he
was learning to use these powers but
they were he wasn't like super fasty and
so he could still be like defeat bested
you know he got to got bested by a guy
with a gun you're faster than a gun man
how can you get defeated by a guy with a
cold gun anyway and as the series gone
on like now they're in earth to
weirdness and it's it's getting a little
too out there but now I'm already locked
into the characters you know I'm locked
into the soap opera same with the arrow
perhaps DC needs to back away from the
Cinematic Universe and and just try to
dominate television Batman as a
daredevil esque gritty show going after
the mob right that could be fun
Batman as a detect as an actual
detective show would be awesome some
small think small think gritty now you
got your Batman if you
try to do two down-to-earth and gritty
and realistic though then it becomes
silly that you have a man dressed like a
pet at that point you would have to just
make him like a regular detective and
then why even bother in that way yeah so
you need some you see me you need some
amount of schlock to make Batman work
yeah I guess you're right
I think Batman would work really well as
a TV show they called him Batman the
Animated Series they called the Batman
the Animated Series and it was great and
you know what else was great Superman
the animated series The Adventures of
Superman that was awesome that was a
great show I don't think you can do you
put him you put Batman in a world that's
too real and he's just utterly
ridiculous it needs he needs to be in a
somewhat stylized world
you ready Batman just walking in this
room fear a bunch of crooks fish I think
we get shot I strike for your oh I'm
also a ninja what no and I did see that
Timon the other thing I do like about
the flash is they are not afraid to have
a little fun with the series it's a fun
it's a fun show I enjoy the flash
overall I've said that many times I the
flash is not a guilty pleasure like the
arrow is the arrow
I should not enjoy the arrow villain for
villain how much better is the Marvel
Universe whose heroes do we want to
contrast and compare in general in
general DC's got other than the Batman's
real gallery so you know yeah you
definitely give DC the Joker twoface but
I mean like to face to face is a
gangster he's a gangster just as far as
being an interesting villager okay he's
a good character you're right he's a
good character you know what I've always
enjoyed playing
Rahzel gradual guru Roz yeah Raj is it
Roger Roz there's been a debate for many
years Raj is great the whole League of
Assassins thing yeah fun thing overused
a little too much but hey it's fun
outside of Batman okay outside of Batman
Darkseid who is like who's like a shitty
Thanos
I know Darkseid came first but you know
Darkseid he sits around a lot ya know
I'm big tough I'm gonna do something
important one of these days it doesn't
really accomplish anything ever Thanos
is like taking over the Marvel Universe
like a couple times
cut me never quite sticks but but he's
getting there Darkseid the dark side
likes to talk shit he doesn't do jack
shit yeah is it dark seed side seed I
don't give a shit
I see ID I think I think it's actually
supposed to be side though but I could
be wrong yeah I like nanos does Darkseid
postures yes that is correct
I do like I like the idea of Brainiac
mm-hmm I think there's some fun witcha
version Superman the animated serie he
you know Brainiac was like the computer
collecting all of the last species and
then he would like destroy planets so he
would collect the last species yeah oh
oh that's a fun interesting space
villain right mhm
like his end you know he's a computer so
all he has is cold logic and I thought
that was a fun villain outside of Batman
I get anything Darkseid who I don't even
like that much and Lex Luthor yeah and
look so what's this what does he even do
evil genius or or depending on what area
you're talking about evil corporate guy
right evil corporate guys probably more
fun but I think I think kingpin was evil
corporate guy before Lex Luthor was
probably evil bald corporate guy I think
I think kingpin it was evil bald
corporate guy when Lex
there was still ya evil scientist who
else do they have I'll fuckin know Black
Manta the Aquaman villain who's just got
like a giant black dome on his head
Wonder Woman's got like a sheet ah
Cheetara what's your name what's your is
like a leopard suit Wonder Woman has
that woman as a leopard is Wonder
Woman's villain Wonder Woman has
mythological gods and I hate cats
bringing a bizarro bizarro
bizarro is interesting I like bizarro
cuz he wants to be a hero but he's just
dumb bizarro is great wait hold on so
save Vadra says I didn't know they've
made Stephen King's 11/22/63 into a show
until you mentioned it and now I'm
watching it enjoying so thanks you think
the past gave you cancer
lol also lol fuck my cock yes that
11/22/63 is a fantastic show hulu
originals based on the Stephen King
produced by Stephen King JJ Abrams
starring dave Franco great Joe Jett is
bringing up Sinestro and where I'm
discounting scarabs we're not talking
about Batman villain definitely given DC
Batman yeah Batman villains knocking out
of park yes talk about anything other
than Batman yeah yeah chess bringing up
Sinestro who is Sinestro evil Green
Lantern with a yellow ring instead of a
green ring and he's purple oh yeah yeah
with like a French he's got like the
pencil mustache oh yeah because by the
way slightly large head the Green
Lantern in Green Lantern Canon the only
thing that can counteract the power of
the lanterns green ring is on the
version of Green Lantern yes the color
yellow yes that is lame as hell that is
lame as hell that like if you just have
the color yellow the Green Lantern can't
touch you mandal Savage nobody knows who
the fuck Vandal Savage is Vandal Savage
he's made as about as many waves as a
pebble I only know him he's like one of
the main villains in the flash arrow
legends of tomorrow the DC television
universe right mm-hmm what a boring
character what so his whole thing was he
was in love with an Egyptian priestess
and then they cursed each other and the
Egyptian priest has turned out to be
Hawkgirl and now they they're both are
eternal beings who have to kill each
other and Hawkgirl never kills him and
he always kills Hawkgirl and it's dumb
and he wants to take over the world but
his only power is like magic and he's
immortal
unless Hawkgirl kills him hawkgirl's the
only one that can kill him okay he's
dumb he's boring
Marvel villains mom whoa we discounted
Batman villains let's discount
spider-man villains oh wow yeah let's
discount spider-man villains Doctor Doom
Doctor Doom
Thanos Galactus hey no you know what I
like I don't care about the house I'll a
he's one of my favorite Marvel
characters I know he is I you know me I
don't much care about space yes magneto
magneto is a wonderfully complex villain
mr. sinister Ultron Loki Red Skull just
from them just from the Cinematic
Universe yeah like you mentioned before
juggernaut juggernaut juggernaut
juggernaut is one of the meanest x-men
villains because he is not a mutant like
he gets his power from magic and he's
just you know the whiny little brat he's
great he's great in fact the whole the
whole or what are the what are the ugly
mutants from the sewers of the Morlocks
the Morlocks
I think villains I mean they're not I I
think they're kind of neutral but I
think they've been villains because like
they don't follow any Allegiance
would you consider the Sentinels cool
villain just go silly no I'm okay okay
okay you know like there they are less
of a villain than they are fodder but I
enjoy them because their father the
scrolls are just those gonna need to be
the weird the scroll yeah yeah I gotta
meet look to him
kind of goofy asked Shin it's a goofy
ass chin yes it is a goofy ass chin you
are correct you are correct you know I'm
gonna put this out there mhm
and this might be controversial but I
like Hydra as a villain yeah just just
as this like never-ending organization
of world domination is there any real
difference though between Hydra name is
there a redundancy in Marvel Eagle evil
organizations
no no they're both Marvel no you know
what I'm thinking of hive oh I've never
even heard of hi I Eve is DC hi I'm such
an effective villain I've never heard of
it aim is greater than well all I'm
saying i I actually don't maybe I don't
know what aim is Skrillex Skrillex is a
great villain and that's that's off the
top of my head those are all things that
would consider cool interesting Marvel
villains yeah discounting spider-man's
rogues gallery because we discounted
Batman's cuz we just got it Batman
spider-man's and Batman's cancel a job I
think I think they both in I have about
really really good roll calories
unusually good sure okay I can be with
you yeah I can be there yeah you know
what and it's like usually everyone's
saying bull's eye I've never been a huge
daredevil guy so I can't say but I can't
bullseye I don't know that much about so
you know like even if you just go off of
the movies you know or the the comics
that everybody's read you know he's fun
no he's fine oh he's fine I think I
think and you know maybe this is just
because I've read more Marvel than I
have DC but I've always felt like
we've done a better job of multifaceted
villains Jetson kingpin debatable woman
I do you want to call him part of
spider-man's rogues gallery did tube you
in spider-man before he was a daredevil
the corners of their double yeah but you
know he's kind of migrated and I'll
grant you that he's world villain
maybe we can most it world mostly don't
have daredevil at this point though is
it I'd say so
sure the point is villains with with a
history films with more of a backstory
then I'm angry because I'm going to
attack a man who can run faster than
speed at the speed of light with a
boomerang more interesting than that
I mean well but but I'm sure there's
like a boomerang story what he's like my
father tried to kill me with a boomerang
so now I use the boomerang oh god I got
happen again oh and I'm in jail I gotta
fill my boom someone move me into jail
at superhuman speed that's so weird shit
I'm a bad villain or someone really fast
must have picked me up and ran me to
jail lost in Technicolor rich random
question about the abyss yeah what did
you talk about the abyss recently
nothing I can remember weird
um do you refuse to watch the original
theatrical cut over the superior
director's cut they ripped so much out
of the original cut that it barely makes
sense
I first have even heard about huge
differences between theatrical cuts not
so we can all agree that the abyss is
great I remember liking it yeah keep
moving keep walking okay bargain
see this is great I I know you're get
trying to get arty game I really just
want to shoot at red guys that's my my
only real interest now is shooting guys
also Joe G says hey guys what comics
have you been reading highly recommend
Mighty Thor spider-man Doctor Strange
and the vision I've heard great things
about the new vision comic vision
created a wife and family for himself in
the new comics Jack the game is the game
is the game is ruining itself by getting
hearty oh yeah yeah I'm sorry rich I've
heard great things about that vision
comic I have not read it I'm still
reading I'm reading Batman and the
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles which I'm
enjoying highly thank you Freddie
Williams the third I'm also reading this
Marvel Batgirl the new bad girl Batgirl
burns I'm Batgirl and I try I've been
trying to just catch up with the Marvel
Universe in general and so I tried a
little bit of Miles Morales spider-man
but I got lost when they shifted
continuity so I don't know where to
start reading anymore because Marvel
decided it would be a really good idea
to cuz Marvel decided to start making
all the mistakes that DC's been making
yeah let's just reboot the universe
every couple of months see what happens
baby really love it when DC reboots
everything every four weeks you know and
maybe DC is just thinking maybe we could
make captain cool and make Captain Cold
cool this time
Captain Cold will never be cool even
when he's played by Wentworth Miller who
is undoubtedly a cool guy
it'll happen it aside to happen but um
but I really really like miss Marvel the
new Miss Marvel that's that's by far my
favorite book that I'm reading right now
I should be and mostly because she is
the most like spider-man she a young
person with new powers who's who's full
of hope and naivety so you know she
messes up a lot and and she seems like a
real person who got powers back so I'm
really enjoying this Marvel but uh good
old good old Kamala Khan and you know
every once in a while I'll just kind of
pick up a new book I I read comics now
mostly through comixology because
they're they have insane sales and so
every once in a while I'll pick up a
comic for a buck here they're digitally
and try to read something new button
nothing nothing like Miss Marvel really
enjoying this Marvel I've been thinking
about the vision I think I'm gonna wait
till the vision gets to get to a train
because I usually like the trades better
than the individual comics because then
you get to read the whole story yeah oh
yeah I've always preferred trades rich
loves X come through to death Jack hates
it leftover beefcake there's only
extreme that is that is a bit of
hyperbole rich does love XCOM too
strongly strongly strongly i it's it's
not my thing it's not my type of game
I just I don't like being the commander
I don't like being far away from the
action it's just not my type of game but
I admit that it does many things right
thank you all bother Oh bother wants to
clarify saying Jack doesn't hate it he
really really hates it you chat I know I
like many things about it I think like
we talked about during our long XCOM 2
review stream is every time I won a
mission it felt like an earned win you
know and every time I lost uh it was me
that screwed up the game is all there
it's just not a genre I particularly
enjoy not liking something equals hating
something in our brave new digital world
yeah I guess ah let's see here anonymous
hey rich M Jack thank you for all the
great entertainment question for both of
you what Lucas art game would you like
to see a remake and your ideal studio
develops it I just want like I love
Chrome Fandango I don't know that it
needs a remake though I wouldn't mind
upgraded graphics I wouldn't want them
to reinvent the wheel mm-hmm maniac
mentioned maniac mansion could probably
use an update last know the original
still plays just fine I don't know if it
needs it well you know what it probably
needs is just a way to play it because
like don't don't you have to do
ridiculous things to play me for well I
think they made it friendly I think was
I figured what it's called scummvm or
something
I think that's pretty easy to use well
you know
it would be nice it would be nice to
play it you know as easily as you play
other games I remember there were some
fun at maniac mansion I played a little
bit of that yeah but some fun in there
there is a grim fandago update yep yeah
they they they just made they didn't
change much they made it easier to play
on modern platforms which would be nice
for other Lucas our games which I could
already do with scummvm leftover
leftover beefcake would like to tip to
apologize for the hyperbole thank you
too little too late thank you and I
understand that like I ended up not
recommending it because it's not a game
after we were done with the review I
deleted all local content how of XCOM -
cuz i don't picture myself playing it
again because it's not my particular
like a game I like action games I like
the next time - you're the commander and
I like be nice - for the surger so it's
fine everything's fine
previous oh wait sorry I hold on I'm
missing years when was the last time
that something new worked in comic book
movies instead of established stuff that
nerds crave when we new to find new is
there I'm trying to think of something
that comic book like an original
character what are you talking about I
think they mean like something that they
did different in a movie that works
better than the comics that's a good
question I fuckin love the way they
handle daredevil in the Netflix show how
about that and you know why I loved him
better cuz he wasn't wearing that stupid
outfit god I hope his outfit isn't
stupid when the new season starts
I loved his awesome all-black kind of
quasi realistic outfit and I'm not
looking forward to him being in the
stupid horn red outfit Bane was better
in the movie no well depends on what
Bane you're talking about oh that's it
Casper's got it Casper you nailed it the
way in which they handled the Mandarin
in Iron Man 3 is one of the greatest
wingmen during me it was the best
decision they could have made to change
something from the comic books to the
movie yes Casper gets all the points
tonight the Mandarin was great and there
we go it is time to stand up everybody
stand up
then Kingsley was great in Iron Man 3 he
was perfect in all things Iron Man 3 was
great Chet you don't know what you're
talking about
someone did stop shitting on Iron Man 3
it's a perfect action movie well then in
the students
these opens in lieu of an opening action
scene the opening sequence is just him
trying on the suit it's great he wasn't
in the suit enough
it closes with a with him hopping into
50 different fucking suits because the
whole point is that he's a hero without
the suit now that's all boy literally
the the Tony Stark is Iron Man that's
how the film and he makes Iron Man Iron
Man does not make him that's the whole
point you get that that awesome breaking
into the complex as Tony Stark just
making gadgets out of junk awesome fuck
my mentor he's great every single action
scene informs the character the great
thing where he has to choose between
going to rescue Pepper Potts or rescuing
the president and he finds a way to do
both because he's both Iron Man and Tony
Stas and I agree with that I missed who
said it but I agree with a person of the
chant I enjoyed Iron Man 3 more than
guardians of the galaxy yeah me too
not to say that it didn't like guardians
of the galaxy right but I definitely
enjoyed Iron Man 3 more Oh everything in
Iron Man 3 is beautiful is beautiful and
artsy fartsy in an action movie the
whole last action sequence of Iron Man 3
the whole thing about Iron Man is
whether or not he can he can make it as
Tony Stark without the suit right and
what is literally happening in the last
action sequence is the villain keeps
tearing away his suits to reveal Tony
yeah it's stupid it's so great
it's a visual it's an action visual
representation of what is happening with
the characters last fucking great it's
fucking great jack really it's gotta let
me jump over that bullet you jumped over
a little over a bullet that's kind of
Awesome no I couldn't go laughter right
I had to go over I do like Shane black I
do like Shane black I'm she I'm I'm
looking forward the chain black is
working on the new predator movie and I
am looking forward to it I don't like
this movie the more jackets excited
about it that's fine that's fine don't
like it it's perfect you don't have to
like it you don't have to like it I like
it
it wasn't about Ironman or was it about
I know it's about guardians I know rich
and I felt the same about guardians
which was it was it was a movie with a
ton of pay payoff but not a lot of setup
a lot of fun stuff in guardians there's
a lot of fun stuff but there was it
could have used it could have used like
felt like they came together as a team
pretty quick they didn't know what to
the vet was and I haven't like a lot of
individual really fun stuff that wasn't
set up properly that they just kind of
happen like remember the the the when
they were in the angel skull and they
were in those things that were
indestructible
yep and like they're getting the things
they're like but these are just these
are just my increment it's alright
they're indestructible and they go and
do a fun sequence that was a fun
sequence but it was like it would have
been cooler if as they were flying into
the angel skull we saw those things
being indestructible like a little show
don't tell ya dependent would have been
nice but Guardians fumbly carnies family
it's fine
hey rich says red
but I recently watched guerrilla
interrupted and how not to make a movie
yeah what happened to Garrett he sounds
very annoying no idea what happened to
Garrett from what I know he lives in
California so we don't see him very
often tired and sad I tired it says his
Jack Dark Knight Rises is not a good
movie but Bane's depiction was awesome
and better than the comics gray area you
know how I feel about Vayne in that
movie and his stupid voice his stupid
voice which kind of ruins him as a
character I do I mean I like the fact
that you know like the you know the the
little twists with Bane's character and
and Talia
but Bane and comic books had a neat
thing you know kind of hyper genius and
brutally strong yeah you know he was a
good foil to Batman but being the best
visual in the world I think it looks
kind of stupid I can agree with that I
can agree with that his WWE wrestler yep
look as it turns out I'm the smartest
man in the world I just like spandex I
just like looking like a deer - guards
hold on lets me wear my luchador mask
I just Jack you do realize you have no
taste right I do have taste it might be
bad taste but bet even bad taste is
taste I just don't like the voice I hate
the voice and I
that movie so much that I can't it's
hard for me to separate Bane's voice
from his character Jack please tell rich
to get good and beat this level hey you
try this shit chugga 93 my Bane doesn't
sound like Sean Connery Bane sounded
like Sean Connery in that movie that's
not my fault that's just how he sounded
is that true Tiberius Kirk the shotgun
tier double barrier your double-barreled
shotgun fires three bullets that's weird
I don't really care okay may go if I
wanted realism I wouldn't be playing a
game when time slowed down every time
you stop moving I like you know what and
I'm not I don't think I don't blame Tom
Hardy I you know Tom Hardy's fine you
know
he's a fine actor I just I know that I
blame Nolan no one made that direction
and that choice in post-production the
breakers were slander this thing that
you want to make a good player for
really wrong but I'd I just didn't care
for that movie had so many problems
there I beat the level are you happy you
got good rich you did don't get all
ready stop being arty
I like it when you're already your fun
game when you're already you're full of
shit
Major Tom servo says Jack have you ever
caught a shiny pokemon major Tom servo
in my many many years and many many
playthroughs of Pokemon I have
encountered exactly one shiny pokemon
Wow and I was not able to catch it I did
not catch it I uh I know there are
people that like farm for shiny pokemon
and like there's a there's a way that
you can kind of game the game to get all
the shiny pokemon you want I've never
done that but uh I have only ever come
across one shiny pokemon and I tried
really hard to capture it and could not
and I felt very sad it was not a
Gyarados what was it it was a shiny um I
mean it wasn't even a great it wasn't
even a great Pokemon but I would have
kept it on my team the entire fucking
game what was it I can't even tell you
what shiny was like it might have even
been like a shiny Pikachu you know it
was a simple Pokemon or like a shiny
Jigglypuff it was a normal-type I think
but we're talking about pokemons
yes well Jack is I'm talking about the
pokemons
and if I ever come across a shiny
pokemon that Pokemon will be in my team
the entire game no matter what it's been
a long time since I played a Pokemon
game I've been waiting for my fruit in
my new 3ds to play the new pokemon cuz I
love Pokemon so much and it hasn't come
yet
why aren't you restreaming Pokemon
because I don't have my new 3ds which we
will be able to stream the the pokemons
headshots don't matter no you just need
one shot to kill them no matter what
right yeah yeah unless you're punching
them shoot him in the dick keep hitting
them with a weapon one one punch one hit
seems to do it okay two noble kinsmen
yes very randomly you will get there I
did it you happy no I think you thought
well I missed them because I went for a
headshot very randomly you can come
across Pokemon that look you know that
our normal Pokemon but are a different
color in there called shiny variants and
they're special because they're rare I
don't think they have like better stats
they don't do anything special they just
look different and so they are rare so
everyone wants a shiny it might be time
to accept that they stole your 3ds no
they're giving me the 30s I bought it
from them it might it might be time to
realize that they stole my money that
could be but they didn't see on the 3ds
I am gonna email them again once I get
home I will email them again Ultima huh
out them I think you have every right to
help them disappoint to out to them yeah
we have a stream I forget what their
company is I will send them another
email and if I don't feel satisfied with
their response I will bitch about them
on stream and on Twitter this company
that's probably doing something illegal
by modifying 3ds so I can stream them
I always use my pokemons original names
I like having their original names I
don't give them fun fancy names which
always pisses me off whenever I trade
with someone and their Pokemon is named
like the phyto it's like no it's not
phyto it's a Gyarados the thing only
speaks in its name and I'm gonna call it
by the one thing it says you know if you
came across an animal that's a Gyarados
named Fito right but but even it's like
naming a deer deer yeah oh oh my we're
getting all ready again I think we're
getting all ready again no you cannot
rename traded Pokemon I do not want an
overwatch beta key I want to wait until
the game is done and then I will play it
as you guys know I don't good dog yep
the game is getting all ready again yep
so I'm gonna Barney I'm enjoying you
when you're not the holy shit
I uh I don't want an overwatch beta key
I don't I don't like in general I don't
like playing a game before someone says
it's done I want to judge a game by the
done game not not be well you know we we
gotta tweak the graphics in this one but
you know some stuff still broken no I
don't want that in the way toes done
then I'll play it I'm sure I will play
overwatch as soon as it's done
what what I've seen straw do Valley
Rich's not I think rich would like it
cuz I know he enjoys Harvest Moon and I
believe it is a like a farming sim but
it's probably not gonna happen because
rich is playing X come to forever and
ever amen
yeah except for yesterday he has to take
rich has to take five hours out of X
come to to play fire watch for our next
review that's it
and he's not happy about that he is not
happy I was like rich we got to do the
next episode and rich says what you mean
I have to stop playing X come to it for
five hours it's all you got to do
rune factory makes Harvest Moon obsolete
and so they get the several things with
monsters and I think they're writing me
a shitty JRPG combat thing in there oh
yeah yes I don't care I don't know what
I've never heard of rim Factory I'm a
I'm a slow gamer I know some people have
beat Firewatch or have completed fire
watch in three hours or less but I'm a
very slow gamer I'm a notoriously slow
gamer so it took me five favorite
customer says I'm so drunk
welcome to the stream that's right this
game is called supa hot and the gimmick
is it's a first-person shooter and time
only moves when your character moves
it's wily h2o says this looks
pretentious as fuck sometimes but the
game itself really neat yeah it's almost
like taking an action game and giving it
a little turn-based eNOS but the only
problem is every once in a while they
tell you to stop playing the game so
they can tell you like the man is
watching you or whatever you don't have
any control yeah no shit any thoughts on
the Suicide Squad film they put out a
decent trailer you know those lame DC
villains were talking about put them all
in a movie together okay
okay here's my idea for a villain that's
totally not a ripoff of a Marvel villain
he's really he has really good aim oh
wait
as dead chapter that you have got really
good a I don't know who came for his
Deadshot or Bulls I am then you also
have green arrow and Hawk eyes oh yeah
you're right
there's a whole thing there's a whole
thing reach the gun I'm on me this level
sucks this is this seems difficult nice
oh rich for future reference Harvest
Moon is now called story of seasons
there was a legal thing between the
publisher and developer and the
publisher now owns the name Harvest Moon
and is making shitty knockoffs under the
Harvest Moon name its first I've heard
of it
oh that's crazy don't forget Batman's
greatest foe Jai Courtney I don't know
what that means it could it could be a
fine movie I like the premise bad guys
you know it's the basically in the
Expendables right like that's the
premise to the movie is the Expendables
that's the premise to the comic but who
knows a good trailer does not equal a
good movie really Deadshot came out in
1950 bull's eye 1976 boom DC wins this
round
isn't the premise of this game that
you're a gamer hacker who broke into a
big developer server to play a game
before it's finished thus making Jack's
comments about beta is very ironic rich
what's the pro you know the stories of
something less if it seems like yes okay
great game is weird supernatural
I'm really hating elevator
Oh Jai Courtney plays the boomerang in
Suicide Squad oh there you go I didn't
even know I like that's how little I
have paid attention to the Suicide Squad
I didn't even know the boomerang was in
it I know the crack and Harley Quinn and
Deadshot and that's all I need that's
all I know
that's all I knew who's in it
I you know what and I never saw
Terminator Genisys so I've never seen
Jai Courtney acts I don't believe I'll
agree with that Stryker Suicide Squad
does look more interesting than Batman
vs Superman probably because Zack Snyder
isn't directing what recent games do I
not hate XCOM tool that's a fine example
but that doesn't count because it's not
probably a kind of game he likes that
doesn't count
are you enjoying this game right yeah
boom here's another reason camp agender
that doesn't count though this is not
the kind of give a like kind of the kind
of game I like how did you feel about
undertale alright
whose side are you guys on for Civil War
teamcap or teamironman I'll have to have
the details of their their their
ideological differences if if it's the
same as the comics teamcap all the way
Iron Man was right though what he was
right he was totally right about in
Civil War totally right he had the right
idea he did not they've framed him like
a villain because then he was totally in
the right because he did not execute his
ideas correctly you can't have a bunch
of costume weirdos with powers long
enough to the powerful lefted level
cities running around just you can't
yeah but you can't just round him up
they framed him like a villain but
because he wanted to round it he wanted
to lock everyone up until they were
approved by a committee that's not how
you've run it agreed people need
training but like it also needs to be
their choice you can't prosecute people
before they commit a crime Jack what
being a vigilante is a crime but they're
doing good it's a crime but they're
doing good the good outweighs the crime
Society has determined that being a
vigilante is a crime team kappa team
kappa all the way if if the movie
follows and yeah Civil War 1 full Gitmo
yet still yeah they did overall Ironman
was right
Ironman had a correct idea he executed
it very poorly I'm team cap all the way
that's why the main villain in civil war
was the writer
Oh God did that fizzle out poorly yeah
what what a fun idea and then it just
farted out of existence
stop being arty
oh my god favorite customer you're right
Batman is a fucking criminal
yes he is he's a criminal and a
psychopath haven't we anybody who
decided to go running around dressed
like a bat punching criminals
he's not all there in the head and
haven't we already discussed that like
he can do so much more good as Bruce
Wayne to reduce crime and yes he said he
yes like the Bruce Wayne in modern
comics is a multi good bazillionaire
Agra bazillionaire that's like multi no
Batman is a just a right-wing wet dream
he's a ultra rich billionaire handsome
man who has all the women and he goes
out at night blames the poor people for
his problems and punches them and
instead throws them in jail so instead
of creating jobs to help poor people he
punches them when they steal because
they need to know better create jobs and
get rid of all that crime dedicate
yourself to Bruce Wayne full time yeah
you could do so much more good for God
fix Gotham's economy help you will raise
the wages run for public office
that crime decrease rather than punching
out a couple guys tonight oh my god
Batman is Trump yes yes Batman is Donald
Trump modern Batman is Donald Trump who
punches people with less racism of
people like defending Trump you like you
know what he's not racist it's like
didn't he call me all Mexicans rapists
he did neat we did that doesn't he want
to build a wall that's crazy he's crazy
he's a crazy man try again okay there I
just disconnected I see that yeah I
guess I was in control what I guess I
wasn't control what did it what had
happened oh it was telling me I couldn't
disconnect from the game and my brain
was there and just try just try and
disconnect just try it worked
you know I beat the game congrat well
that was
really easy rich I didn't know we were
doing a speedrun thing here it is well
the super hot speedrun well you beat it
in only like what an hour and a half so
it's a fun game but it doesn't have its
head up its ass do-do-do-do-do you got
it well
anonymous rich have you seen the tweets
between John boyega and EJ's John boyega
the black stormtrooper yes and ei about
Finn he's Finn I don't remember names
and a battlefront single-player
narrative game I assume not because fun
facts about rich Evans I don't have a
tweet one he doesn't have a tweet to he
don't give no fucks about no Star Wars
minor minor fucks minor fucks they make
it into generate game oh oh no it's kind
of sign originals pretty good John
boyega says will fans get a full on
offline story mode it's more of an
enjoyable way to learn controls EA Star
Wars says have have you had a chance to
try the missions yeah bought it it was
great but definitely leaves you wanting
to engage with a narrative can I visit
your base in the UK waiting for response
it's much easier to not make a
single-player campaign it's much easy
for maps multiplayer I don't see any
response from a UK so john-boy is John
boyega writer
he's an actor who cares
so John boyega wanted a single player in
E is like did you we have quasi single
player any second and then like a guy
stopped by it's fine and by the way you
know what they're gonna say shit fuck
yeah man dude in Star Wars come on I
love this rich Evans attitude toward
Star Wars which is created work for him
what am I supposed to pretend that I
love pretend that I love the franchise
more than life itself
you want me to why I don't hate it I
just don't really care that much but I
can pretend masturbate to Princess Leia
and her slave outfit if that's what you
really want
it's almost almost as if rich you are an
actor in an entertainer and you enjoy
entertaining it's almost as if I'm being
honest or you bring people and so it's
like it's like as an actor and
entertainer you you make these videos
about like how much you fucking love
Star Wars and they're a little
ridiculous and people enjoy them life
for us they're saying live for us no no
no I can't pretend to give a fuck about
I don't know Darth Vader something space
whizzers I really can't pretend to give
a fuck about space wizards I hate space
wizards but what do you think about like
I like space but I hate wizards since
I'm not that big on Star Wars about when
they use their magic isn't that great
yeah that's great isn't it great when
the spacers yeah your movie the final
battle V the original miniseries I I
never watched me even maneuvers oh god
that's some great that's some great
fucking science fiction I was watching V
the other day I love V I love you and
you enjoy hard boring science fiction VV
dips it's it's thumb and schlock
especially that the sequel mini sir
use the final panel which jet the end
unfortunately goes full schlock but
there's some moments that are great
just just great okay rich they're
wondering if if on Sunday we can get we
can get rich alts tabbing between XCOM
and FTL
well tabbing yeah so so here's here's
your mission for the sunday stream
mmm-hmm
start up a game of FTL start up a game
of XCOM whenever whenever it's not your
turn your next time you have to go over
to FTL do a little bit pause go over to
X come do a little bit it'll be like
it'll be like a chess master playing
multiple games of chess trying to figure
out what the point is trying to figure
out what the point is it's it's testing
testing you how well you can handle how
well you can handle many different
things if people think this would
actually be interesting I'm willing to
give it a shot but alright it just it
just seems like a mess of two games as
opposed to focusing on one oh and you
know what maybe it is time maybe it's
time for police quest to it's been a
while yeah since we've done since we've
done a an old type beat X T adventure II
game yeah now for the record I was
loving superhot yes but III wasn't gonna
let it get me with its artsy bullshit so
you can't thrown me off and I said well
fuck you I can I'm a grown-ass man
that's true that's true it's tough you
mean right now
please quiz to know something okay you
got everybody's hopes up only to like
kick them in the balls
I said Sunday you said you know what
it's time for there's something along
those lines
I might have phrased it you phrased it
really poorly it's pot is quite possible
I phrase that poorly but Sunday oh my oh
my god Sunday we can whip out the police
quest I think mm-hmm unless Jay comes
and Jay won't do the voices with us
right
so if Jay comes we'll play something
else next non Jay Street
dream will be police quest - okay um I
am got I would like to tip and say play
X come to impoverished Evans nice it
says I'm not doing too well at the
moment how can I be more rich like you
stop giving a fuck what other people
think
Caesarion fart says rich oh here
important question given how much you
love Star Wars one famous quote from the
movie would you like engraved on your
tombstone slash urn slash mausoleum
slash lifelike statue erected in your
honor lol fuck my god fraud so is a
quote from the Star Wars that is on your
tombstone live long and prosper
nailed it I think I'm gonna go um if I
have to choose for from my own I'm gonna
go with obi-wan could help you when he
said nanu-nanu how about the Wilhelm
scream just just stepped all over the
punch I'm sorry I'm sorry all over the
punch line that was a naneun it that was
a Mork & Mindy joke I was reaching even
further back I wasn't even thinking yeah
it's just the break brain like a thing
fired off my brain oh wait wait the
Wilhelm scream yeah you know what in the
future I wonder if we could have audio
messages on our tombstones can we do
that now can you make it so if someone
walks up to your tombstone a little
motion light goes off and plays an audio
you guys bring Jay on to play the Mad
Max game Jim I like that
I don't plan on having a tombstone okay
cremate her maid do whatever what the
ashes that have been fucking mad at me
at that point cremate huh yeah why waste
money and all that crap embalming for
what for what well it an hour for the
funeral well you know what I'm gonna
fancy as confident you can just shove
under the ground forever
I'm not going to bombing yeah but I'm
going in the ground just cremate you
know I mean you going I think too many
of us are are cremating we need to go in
the ground
psycho lowlife man yeah get all your
shit decays and goes into the grass and
trees and shit there give a shit fucks
like go like that fuck the grass fucking
cycle of life fuck em what do you think
happens to the ashes you've burnt up all
the nutrients nothing happens to the
edges though somewhere no they went into
the fire they're just in there nothing
I'm going I've already I've already I've
already said it so no embalming and
right into the ground in like a
cardboard box you you saw the thing
where you wanted to be a tree there's
the thing where you can be free do they
they they put you in some gonna sack
what's gonna tree seed well the tree
grows directly feeds off of you that's
creepy as shit
and then you spin you're someone else I
knew who saw that like it sounds cool
like no that's creepy that's creepy as
shit now we're gonna have monster trees
that's how you get haunted trees man
that's alright that's what I want food
ooh dig a hole and toss me in that's all
I need devote your body to say I went
ogen organ donor mmm so you know is that
sure so if I'm really close to dying
then the doctors won't bother I know
somebody needs a heart I just get a half
effort he does it does say to
resuscitate him but that livers looking
mighty nice he doesn't look he doesn't
seem to be doing much with it so you
look at him so you say you've never
drank alcohol
what's that reading the other day
there's a country in uh it's like like
Korea or
Japan you can legally sell your organs
okay I'm fine with that
legally selling your organs if you're
consenting to it yeah yeah oh no I'm
fine with it too I just thought it was
like I saw the article and I was like
you can donate your kidney now I think
you could donate it sure but like fuck
donate you could sell that shit make
some money sure that's fine make some
money why would I have a problem with
this with a with an informed adult
making a decision on what to do with
their body I didn't I didn't say it was
problem I was stating a fact okay and I
thought it was an interesting fact no
problem should be legal you know and all
should be illegal should be legal it
should be legal what prostitution oldest
world's oldest profession is there a
good reason it's illegal for the record
I don't need a prostitute for the record
I got proposition one just walking down
the street was so weird yeah yeah I mean
you know you you walk you drive down the
right Street at night they're out I mean
not tonight it's cold I was actually
walking cuz I was living like I live
like a block away from like the store
yeah at the time yeah just walking
no you won't have a good time really a
good tie don't know what you have see
that's that's I by the way I agree
prostitution should be legal because
then you can have a regulatory office
saying hey let's just make sure nobody's
got it yep yep prostitution and every
drug every you know what I think people
I think I think like hippies now what's
out where they're like pot should be
legal but not cocaine fuck it man make
it all legal let people deal with it
themselves hmm people can fuck
themselves off of drugs they can really
fuck themselves you can fuck themselves
up with alcoholism yes I agree
people can fuck themselves up with a car
fuck it we tried we tried getting rid of
alcoholism it doesn't work
exactly and at all let people let people
have at it you know why the people who
like go crazy and like oh oh D on coke
and heroin they're done they're fine
they're gone it's like great now they
are no longer part of society let's go
let's move on with our lives
treat it like a public health threat
like alcohol and tobacco exactly make
sure that it the help is there for
people who need it if drugs were made
legal right now rich would you do heroin
for one even if I were a drug guy no
because it's it's just stupid
heroin never leads to good things never
never for another thing there's there's
things that are legal to do right now
that I just don't because I don't want
to like alcohol like alcohol always been
always been uncomfortable with the idea
of something that she's gonna alter your
your mindset horribly uncomfortable with
that
Robert Denby would like to say oh thank
you mod for getting rid of that but
Robert Emery would like to say move on
please you guys don't know what the fuck
you're talking about like that's ever
stopped us before get out our Debbie we
don't give a fuck don't we know we're
talking about ok I just wanna I just
wanted to point out that I'm not
listening to you fuck you but thank you
mod for getting rid of been cleaning up
the chat Oh Robert Denby fuck you guy ok
what time we got here 9 mmm all right
great yep let's call it alright we have
preparing for interviews due so we're
gonna call it that was that was a weird
way to end it just kind of talking about
drugs and shit but who cares this is
we're talking about whatever we want to
talk about them let's uh read the things
with the stuff yeah let's do that read
the things with the stuff well we got
where we go
oh the top here frosty snooze 19 months
in a row anonymous makes a very salient
point how poor would you have to be and
in what dystopic world would you
prostitute your bodies oh and here's $2
shake those joysticks you know I don't
think the market is there for for a
gentleman who who looks as good as me so
I don't just don't see that being a
possibility I get money from to not have
sex with people yeah yeah oh go away
here take $5 go get away from me
Oh bother
a michael 87 18 months in a row I
believe it's a Michelle I Michelle we've
gone through this before a Michelle 87 I
said remember next time and of course I
didn't because I'm rich Evans so I
completely forgot
80 bucks in a row krob my San Franciscan
friend krob macaws neg haps wait wait
don't
HAP's man 78 aku no ha ha 2015 again
what aku no ha ha ha ah ok I'll go no
hot on 2015 like a like a kun da Matata
iku no Hana a kun Ohana dude that's it
what a wonderful the phrase I think
you're reaching no it's it's in reach
but I think you're really stretching to
get there Santos midnight Andy
no that's that's definitely like you
know midnight and a either that like
either it's a late night DJ like welcome
to smooth jazz with midnight Andy or
it's like the the detective from an old
radio serial let's swing let's wait with
midnight Andy he solves the peculiar
case of the peccadillo piccolo a
callback that only you will get who
knows what lurks in the hearts of man
midnight and he does
Caesarion fart pneumonitis gobbledygook
s-- nineteen months in a row captain DC
Universe Online himself it's free you
fucks after seventy donations will do a
free one should probably play it he
talks so high yeah I know I know I'm so
convinced he works for them he's
spending he's spending their advertising
budget I'm doing my job I have I have
streamers talking about DC he's trying
to get fired
oh you wait you want him to play it ah
another ad money going to yeah and then
it's Fitz channel le Raza just subscribe
hey fresh one what you mean I'll get to
those ah spooky Dookie 14 months in a
row but you're glad when you get to say
that I need to love spooky Dookie
it's like poop it's like a ghost poop
but it rhymes it's like a ghost poop
there I'm so it's spooky Dookie it does
it fills me with joy Lucas Ducas things
that rhyme the dude 1944 14 months in a
row
you know you know I had a conversation
with a dude once sometimes it bar eats
you sometimes you eat two bar gnomes I'm
I'm just I'm just thinking about
gambling hooks and and NDC online or how
we were just tearing apart DC villains
for like an hour just sweating at his
office yeah a pain for us to talk about
god they take all the pounds suck we
really we have to play it now and how
we're just like we're horrible assholes
it debris we just reads free fucks you
know the dude the dude yeah did you said
I said that one yeah rich read Stardust
14 months in a row we stroll are you've
over there
yeah horrible glory what a horrible
glory doesn't that sound like the end of
an epic novel yes yes and it was then
that I found myself the horrible glory
the end of the 16 months in a row you
know that epic novel space cowboys space
cowboy yes it ends the last line of that
novel is a horrible glory there's
friction like I'm just trying to pick
like ash luckiest thing I could think
space cowboys and so we we saddled up
our laser ponies and rode off into the
Stardust space cannon
months in a row here Oh jung-hee are a
young okay hero young handsome Rob right
welcome handsome Rob welcome welcome
questionable protip well first of all
that's a great name that's us in a
nutshell
welcome welcome questionable protip
grappa 18 months in a row all the pizza
train 11 13 months in a row brings
knives to gun fights 19 months in a row
look what we got here we got ourselves a
little piss boy kiss okay it's boss is
that up is that a history of the world
part one reference did you see that yeah
it's a great great Mel Brooks movie
Corman's saying coming up this boy piss
boy it comes over because he's the
higher society guy oh boy comes over
with about yeah yeah could be its I took
it as like a like a boy no that's high
society this boy this boy oh sure sure
Master Kenobi double O 721 fucking
months in a row fuck man
and sir Hillary man fat 15 months in a
row from now on she's everything over 20
get a fucking in front of it absent when
T one fucking months in a row absolutely
thank you all for subscribing we really
appreciate it also there's a couple tips
that we got but we wanted to finish
reading those subscribers
um I Joe $0.79 says when are you two
going to do the stream dressed as clowns
never I hate clowns so much well then I
will I will
oh god I'll be you'll notice me my body
language I'm even thinking about it
almost be a little bit further away you
know maybe maybe like a Halloween stream
instead of instead of talking I'll just
like honk my horn oh oh god one more I
wouldn't let you said that I almost hit
end well you you're gonna be happy that
we saved this one anonymous would like
us to know
that they wouldn't want to have sex with
us either lol don't fuck fuck my cock so
I'm glad you waited for that fair enough
