Jun 8, 2016
Mirror's Edge
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/79478816
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/79478905
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Mzmq0qBe_A
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KAMmbXadq80
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/740603664675397632

[Part I]
hello hello hello it's quite possible
that I'm streaming we will see in a
moment if it's true I started down I
won't believe I am screaming that's
great
I started to play you know just turn on
Mirror's Edge and the cutscenes started
already so I figured I'd let you guys
see the cutscene - hi everybody I dig
neutral hi beefcake hello Xena pedal
hello hello everybody hello everybody it
is a Jack solo stream tonight as rich is
on vacation all week so you get me and
we are going to play some mirrors edge
we started I was in I was in prison
that's what you missed so far as I was
in prison and I'm about to be released
that's so I can only assume that the the
game is about to start I don't I don't
know anything about it someone was
asking earlier if I played any of the
for the first Mirror's Edge and I played
a little bit of it I think everyone
played like the first level was I think
the demo was very popular but I don't
think anyone actually bought the game so
are we skipping cutscenes yeah you know
we'll see we'll see what it has to offer
yeah rich is always searching for that
juicy Shack meet the toii is on aye aye
that's actually what took me so long
tonight is I had to download beefcake
your newest 2.0 Twatter and as you know
that requires like you know getting the
the chat token and all that fun stuff so
I had to set that up with it is setup it
is working tonight I see the viewers
going already
I see the chat lottery is activated we
are good to go I will skip these
cutscenes but I'm I'm here okay Oh a
minute already seeing that now like I
need to go into these options because
like I invert I always invert I'm
playing this on the xbox one I like my
controller to be a little more sensitive
then I guess we'll see hold on
speakers have music great gameplay
options subtitles great yeah everything
looks great
so here we are okay inverted when I was
i I always invert inverting makes a lot
of sense to me
Oh oh crap okay okay don't don't run
into that guy is there no oh oh oh I'm
not out of prison yet that's what's
going on that's what's going on do not
try to antagonize the guards oh here we
go I'm almost out of over the food dome
was who said that someone is calling to
me
hi everybody hi I can I didn't like what
I like I
I like inverted it works for me
inverted works for me where am I
supposed to oh okay this guy looks like
a douchebag
look for the color red right
whoa whoa Baba Yaga laga says The
Witcher 3 blood and wine is out there is
there a chance you'll be checking it out
not what the heck is this what could I
turn that hood off or is that just like
oh yeah you want a wide you want a wide
field-of-view a widest okay hold on hold
on
I think this is a joke this has got to
be a joke can I take these off this is
horrible
oh I'm gonna I'm gonna cut scene now
this the exactly this is that was a
space cop joke that was an exact joke
okay here we go
let's button oh okay first person
parkour left button is jump that is very
weird
what oh did I do it did it
sometimes it's hollow red sometimes it's
definitely hard for me too Oh X is light
attack okay
I go through the done' oh okay ex again
great did you do
follow the runner echo what
whoa
what that was weird
okay okay I'm understanding what's
happening now so bumpers jump trigger is
slide bumpers jump and hold to crawl and
triggers slide hold and you do like a
woo jump alright I'm getting it and
bumper to jump and you just
automatically grab onto the red stuff I
think that's like the hardest part in
games like this is you're not you're
never quite sure what the game does
automatically and want the what you
should be pressing
what
Oh Oh whoopsie like Oh left left trigger
oopsy
there we go
I'm understanding I'm slow I'm just slow
I know what now a Yeti is gonna eat
jackets possible my beat my the game
does everything automatically just hold
forward I don't think that's true you're
beat display has finished camper name
press down on right
oh no no by the way you definitely have
to press a button cuz I just died so
we've solved that problem
yeah Bona number I am checking in on the
stream every once in a while I just
trying to learn the game you're trying
to learn the game too I think once I get
a little more comfortable with the game
I will I will be able to check in with
the oh okay what was I supposed to do
there I'll be able to check in a little
bit more and yeah this is the tutorial
I'm supposed to this is where I'm
supposed to learn and fail right means
jump
you have to purchase quick turn
tips Oh trigger right tips might be
functioning might not be functioning
they
I just don't know I just don't know hold
on everybody hold on everybody I will be
back momentarily I have to pause for a
moment
you
you
you
Hey I was I went on vacation for a
little bit sorry about that there was a
big insect in our house and I was tasked
with killing it and very very sorry
about that let's go back to the game
let's get back to it
exactly I was downloading DC Universe
Online now where where was I yes
I'm in the oh no we're even I have to
remember oh okay I'm gonna
left bumper left bumper what
I was fixing the tips am I missing tips
I have I have the the stream tip alert
her right here in front of me oh and it
is just not updating okay hold on I'm
sorry let's let me get to some tips here
at EGM 407 says I was unemployed and
depressed and you guys helped me through
it I am working and doing well
knock on wood there we go thank you good
on yet you fucks ricey cake says hey
Jack - for a longtime listener
first-time caller did you like the
division I actually did not play the
division so I'm sorry
and then TNG after dark says hey Jack
thank you for the stream I have two
finals tomorrow and I'm slacking
horribly by watching this I hope I don't
fail because of this TNG after dark you
stop watching this right now you stop
watching this right now and study for
your finals there are some things oh
there we go okay like off the wall there
are some things what weapon did I choose
to kill it I chose a tissue oh yeah I
chose a tissue and I smooshed it I
smooshed it and it made a horrifying
cracking noise it was like a beetle of
some kind
and it made a horrifying crunching noise
stealing okay and left button hold and
trigger demand softly great okay nice
you know what rich would have let it
live and I don't care I am NOT rich and
I kill bugs I kill bugs
I am I am an insect killer
I am an insect killer and I'm okay with
that
did you kill with the shotgun no you
can't shoot at insects you're gonna miss
you know the first one had a very simple
art style and you know I have not played
enough of it to talk about the art style
of this one at all
rich does rich if rich can if rich can
help it rich does not kill bugs
what
Oh oopsie
teaching me how to play the game
teaching me how to play the game that is
the name of the game here just this guy
you know says I'm out of town for work
perfect opportunity to stay up late and
watch me play games can I get it
can I get a in this time I'll do it up
data doppler when you see your gross bub
got a dad it up need to change a light
bulb dad it up who's gonna mow the lawn
dad it up dad it up Dada Dada Dada Dada
it up Oh
I've slid into something and and I
failed
combat nope nope not that way
Delon using lots of pawns dad it up
Papa Jack does not like to dally what
you want to continue or retry visitorial
let's continue let's continue this game
I you know this is the whole shtick of
this game is that there is no third
person perspective that is just the
entire stick so no I don't believe it
needs a third person perspective Oh
whoopsie what did I do
I missed something
okay
who's a fool he was here with me who's
both of me
Oh
peace out suck a duck just one oh okay
just one kick that time okay not nailing
the combat I'll be honest with you not I
don't feel like I'm doing great but
that's okay that's okay I'll learn nope
nope nope nope oh no no God did I play
Mass Effect or Mirror's Edge one I
played a little bit of mirrors mirrors
edge wand I can always turn off the
paths
if yeah I kind of agree that I also
don't know you know what that's exactly
what I did last time is that exact move
that got me killed
I'm not playing this on pc i am playing
this the Xbox one so I don't know what
settings your fuck fuck fuck fuck
ha Bona number one did
did I ever play startropics for for the
nes super dodgeball did you get the
small I I haven't been in the whole
add-on this week because rich yeah
because I've been streaming from home so
I haven't been in at all so I did not
see that you know what I want to I want
another channel
I want to let these guys beat me because
I want another chance to take them out I
don't like that
by changing the highlight setting to
classic I will look into that although
I'm gonna I'm gonna mess with the
settings here because hold on let's
let's mess with the settings a little
bit runners vision oh I could just turn
my runners vision off that could be nice
let's see if that does anything
character let's see what happens if I
just turn the runner vision off let's
see how let's see how I fare with no
runners video
now you know I feel I feel like I
handled that better but not perfect you
know okay let's see if we can do this
this time yeah I did it
Oh at least I did it that sounds like a
tip that was written with line breaks
but gotten lost yes oh oh shit
Oh what happened what happened what
happened so I've never know I never
played super tropics for the NES I did
hear that have recently came out on the
they just recently released that for the
for the digital console
okay so now that my runners view is off
I do feel like I'm a little like I'm a
little more in control of which
direction nope I think it deleted my
punctuation sorry Bona number this this
thing is weird
the the stream tip alert or sometimes is
weird I know there's a character limit
and sometimes it's weird this is the way
my last time maybe I just missed
something hold on this way now we're
here
okay back at it I actually do feel a lot
better
without the without the red line telling
me what to do
now it feels like I'm actually doing
something in the game the audio is a
little ahead for some reason oh I must
have messed up my my mic I will try not
to talk about anything that happens in
the game too much in order in order to
reset that I'd have to stop and start
the stream which I don't wait
Brenden ran ran ran there's audio
I am shockingly not getting motion sick
I don't know if you guys mine out it was
2 to 3 seconds ahead of the game on I'm
sorry
and the game audio is a bit long I can
turn that up at least I can turn that up
for you I can't even hear though the
game audio well we can we can definitely
do something bout the game audio I do
have a very noisy controller and the way
my microphone is here my controller is
literally right underneath it
so a focus shield what
fill my focus shield how does one
fill my focus shields
I'm attempting to fill my focus shield
oh come on
we're gonna we're gonna have to start
messing with these controls a little bit
oh hey I do it did I do it steam
controller is cheaper than X bone
control and that's a good control oh no
no that there's and and now that I have
the the frankly ridiculously
ridiculously expensive
Xbox one pro controller this pro
controller is one of the greatest
controllers I've ever I've ever held
this over dude I just running oh oh hey
whoopsie guys I I glitched the game I am
stuck I'm stuck right now I am can you
kick me out of here
he he he stuck me in the game is it
tender juicy Shaq me I don't know I
don't know if if it's worth it I mean to
me it is of course for me it's like a
business expense and I play games all
the time I think it is one of the most
perfect controllers I've ever held in my
hands and I'm stuck I'm stuck in the
game I I mean I need to I I need to Wow
Wow so yeah I guess we're gonna play
uncharted for now I guess they were
thinking like who's gonna who's gonna
try to wall run when someone is is
already running up a wall but you know
like it looked like my friends were
trying to have run up the wall so I
wanted to run up the wall to actually
really oh maybe they can fight my way
out now how do you use your force shield
does anyone know how to do that well I'm
gonna send a little message over to EA
there let's reload that checkpoint that
is what you call a bug absolutely
whoops the dupes yes I really want to
reload from the last checkpoint add us
kurz can be ready to play later
overwatch is on this Xbox one we can we
might be able to play that one later
Xbox one pro controller is fifty percent
more expensive than the 2d s system with
two games I believe it but I am not
exaggerating what I'm telling you that
this this is the the most comfortable
controller I've ever put in my hands the
adjustable height for the sticks the
added flappers the everything about this
controller is beautiful I don't know if
it's worth it though like I said if I'm
skewed because one I play games
constantly and for me it's a business
expense
should we try it again so we try to do
it again see how to get stuck again
there we go
we're not gonna we're not gonna fight
around that too much
we're not gonna fart around with that
too much I do want to see if I can slide
through this fan because that would be
awesome
whoopsie okay well my supposed to go now
this way
whoopsie dupes Oh what happened is I got
chewed up by the fan the Xbox one pro
controller it does come with a actually
a very nice sturdy USB cable so it can
be a wired controller yeah so you don't
need to run about batteries but every
controller comes with a USB port so it
can be a wired controller can't really
can't kick the mannequin you know I like
messing around with stuff here and there
not letting me
they're just not letting me you know
know yeah a lot of games that I a lot of
games I'm choosing to play an Xbox one
just because of the controller I love
that I've always loved the Xbox
controller Xbox 360 was my controller
button but now I got this pro and it is
beautiful
okay Robert Z
Robert Z dar Wars Robert zidar wars says
mostly just want to hear Jack say my
twitch name for a giggle thank you
robert zidar wars I appreciate that
always good for a giggle no I did not
get the wireless PC adapter the wireless
PC the after for the pro controller is
another 30 bucks and my my computer is 2
feet is like a foot and a half away from
me at all times so so yeah cutscene do
we care about the cutscene do we care I
mean obviously not this game is very
European
don't consent Mia greeting okay I'm yeah
I'm skipping I'm sorry there is that
package waiting for me yeah yeah let's
catch up later
shit excuse me
we're back at you little package
what this
that affects my Neelie Kroes shock for
controller well I can purchase new
upgrades okay okay points
okay yeah upgrade combat points I can
increase damage oh I have to purchase
something right now I have to purchase
the beat map what if I didn't want to
purchase the beat map why is every
environment the inside of a modern art
museum young boobies that is a fair fair
question
go talk to Birdman okay that is where
we're gonna go we I gotta go over here
and talk to Birdman I do kind of love
this city though that looks gorgeous
that looks great
alright Kinetico that just looks
gorgeous
I've been xate zero-zero says here's a
tip for dealing with Mirror's Edge
catalyst so I don't have to you know
it's one of those things it's the
popular game I I know the the the first
Mirror's Edge kind of received a oh wait
how do I you know received a bit of a
cult status skill role well that's an
old live trigger close to the point of
impact right trigger during a slide to
roll out of it quickly that could be
useful purchase the quick turn very
useful what are these costs
I mean just think you know he wants its
increased damage oh sorry I'm just
reading stun advantage great okay no
that's fine
all right let's let's uh let's get
moving let's get this show um I gotta
figure I know how to get out of here now
how do I leave the building how do I
leave the building this way
it's probably this way I get over here
again okay I'm gonna figure it
oh wait I have a stairs that is how I
leave the building we're gonna do it are
we gonna do it I really thought I was
gonna make it that time really really
thought I was gonna make it very sorry
if you're just figuring out how to land
the role you did not know I did not play
I I feel like with Mirror's Edge one
there is uh but also the the land role I
don't have yet I have not up upgrade
whoa oh my god that is disorientating as
hell you can do circles you can do
circles try it again I'm not going to
try the fan again all right let's go oh
who you who you cut talk to you okay
you give me someone on the roof who I
can't kick in the face I think that's a
little upsetting I'll be honest with you
henchwoman henchwoman this game makes me
want to shop at H&M; and you know it's a
little modern that's fine okay we're
gonna we're gonna run around a city this
is kind of awesome new objective that's
me
that's Birdman I should meet up with
Nomad don't you think that's me I mean
he's my old friend I should probably go
meet up with him where is he he's over
this way let's go do that
we hey man his face looks messed up ya
solo stream tonight rich is on vacation
rich is on vacation this week it's very
it's very it's very off-putting I'm used
to it you know I see rich all all the
time and it's been it's been a while
since I've seen him oh I mean I guess
it's been a week it's been a week since
I've seen him open world equals
immersion right
I was not paying attention I was
watching the chat but we got boxes now
or something all right
yeah we'll go check collector chip all
right let's go collect a chip see what
that's all about
oh I thought I rolled should have rolled
shit a rolls where were you guys on that
one
fish islands yeah I find it a little
easier I like though with the wider
field of view I feel like it's a little
bit easier to see what's happening
alright let's start a mission by
collecting control trips ok great
no rich actually went went down to see
Karen Murray so riches is actually on
vacation I'm on the roof don't worry I'm
all about being on the roof
boom steel control - great I don't know
what I did will fuck hunker down on all
the roofs
what wait why didn't you fail
why did mission fail left right
first of all I was so on top of that
I feel what what why you have to jump
off the roof I think I think you killed
the guy I don't think I'm killing anyone
stumble oh I'm supposed to stumble the
protector into the protector
there we go
see I had to I just had to do that one
specific move that's what they wanted me
to do they wanted me to do the one
specific move Hey all right come here
now they want me down there your attack
interwoven they want me to specifically
backwards dodge the game wants me to do
what it wants me to do I know
the comment is tough and like I get it
they want me to learn the combat I wish
I wish it was a little more natural but
that's fine
there
oh it doesn't
wow that's fun he actually blocks my
light attacks okay
kick me in the balls yeah all right now
found it oh there's a pipe okay I can
get up there I can get over there this
is totally my fight totally my fight if
I can figure out how to get down there
nope nope too far down too far down
whoopsie whoopsie
oops
most games should teach the combat the
way blood-borne did yeah you know
obviously that works for blood-borne but
okay here we go
the tough part about this is you know
they're trying to do multiple things in
the game movement in combat all in the
first person which is combat in the
first person is a tough ask anyway melee
combat
oh I keep forgetting what button fight
is now I gotta go talk to Birdman now
i'll go for it i'll look for relays
later I want to go talk to Birdman okay
I do need to get good also that is very
true Jackie I should have done that soft
landing let's see here Alfonzo Sparkle
that says hey Jax
since you like They Might Be Giants have
you ever tried any John Flensburg and
John line now solo work unsupervised is
fun it's fun to steal and state songs or
albums worth checking out I have heard
state songs and it's very it's very John
line now I guess I can you know what I
have the control chips I should deliver
them I should it's fine you know
it's no I like the team I like the team
I've actually never heard any of
Landsberg solo stuff only line Elle's
state songs I heard back in the day and
fell in love with I don't think I
haven't heard in a while but you know
back in the day I was just I just wanted
more how do you do the role again I
talked to have to hold down both to roll
don't understand ooh what's that yeah
steel control chip
more control trips
nope
they roll how do you roll you need to
deliver the control chip said oh I just
want to deliver these things
is X
whose x4 traversal
Oh
oh that's neat hey I thought it turned
you off hey runner I definitely turned
you off
okay
that's not what a runner vision is
what's runner vision
okay that's steal control chip yeah I'm
Kona Birdman it's not playing I don't
care about that
and I feel like this is not the way I'm
supposed to go nope nope nope nope
oopsy doopsy whoopsy dupes runner vision
is the red thing that runs I don't know
that's what I would assume runner vision
is I think runner vision is the thing
that highlights the things you can
interact with and I turn to that off but
I guess I assumed that included the
thing that runs in blue not okay so not
that way
oh here
Oh what wait okay gosh but somebody fun
flub oh I see okay I see I see it's
going on here I get it
I'm done with the sickness you got to
get up to get down with the sickness yes
Richard and I should probably stand up
and go by oh my god is it time to stand
up it's it's probably time to stand up
thank you everyone for reminding me to
stand up I'm gonna do that right this
moment I'm currently standing up
stretching my legs
quick squat you can't see because I
don't have a camera quick squat
also they that ice you hear clanking is
just iced carbonated water I have I
don't have a tasty adult beverage with
me tonight
oh I thought
Wow get down with the sickness come on
get down with the sickness hey they're
garbage
oh I think I will pick up the thing
this is kind of great I mean it's kind
of beautiful I do just kind of want to
run around for a little bit I think I
can do that who's sorry to muck up your
solar panel
okay it's oh it is Steagall season I
know it's steagle season and I'm
stocking up on gin okay we're skipping
that cutscene goodbye get to and
complete
yeah my voice is a little ahead of the
game footage I I miscalculated I could
because I'm running the game on my xbox
one I have to send it through an al gato
capture card and that has a delay to it
and so then I need to purposefully delay
my voice and apparently I if my voice is
ahead of the game then I did not delay
my voice enough so next time I need to
delay my voice more oh I totally
remember I totally realized what I did
well you know what it's been long enough
now actually it's been an hour
here's what I'm gonna do I'm gonna I'm
gonna stop the stream and start it again
to mate to stop that from happening so
while I wait for this - I will be right
back I know what I did I set my voice to
fourteen hundred milliseconds ahead when
I should have sent it to fourteen
hundred milliseconds negative but it's
it's negative fourteen hundred
milliseconds right not just fourteen
hundred delay that's that's my doctor
doctor chug but much what do I have to
say it for negative 1,400 I think all
right so I used to Train Makoto
hold on doctor doctor chug but mod we're
gonna need some more gigawatts up in
here
I know classic Jack wanna listen I want
to see okay I'll be back

[Part II]
and we're back and we're back so now I
have changed it to negative fourteen
hundred milliseconds so here's what's
gonna happen
I'm about to hit close right now and I'm
gonna jump or yeah I want to jump and
I'm gonna jump so now tell me if that
did it
jump
how close am I Wow wrong
oh no now there's a two second two-way
not a but a my two seconds and my two
seconds in front of her behind my voice
is about two seconds ahead I'm going
with four seconds ahead really see I'm
getting I don't like this you are two
seconds behind the video now you said
jump now we were way then jump
that's weird so I just set it to
negative fourteen hundred milliseconds
wait
but they did not take but did it not
take huh no it's going to negative 700
can you set it to zero sure I can set it
to zero but I don't think that works
it's basically the same as before
that's weird your feelings everybody's
feeling zero let's just see what happens
if I put if I have moments is here can I
do that while I'm streaming I don't
think I can I think I need to stop
streaming again no no no it says it's
set to zero now okay so now it says it's
set to zero let's try that again if I do
jump and jump
I know
jump
pretty good no still whatever you know
what how do you roll again
Hey yeah my god oh my god
not that way by the way not that way
what kind of wavy gravy is this yeah I'm
just not gonna worry about it
the wrong button let's uh let's restart
this does it matter it matters sometimes
cuz I like to talk about what's
happening in the game
when their button to roll feel like
there was a button to roll but that
could just be me
I also feel like I'm going the wrong way
because I no longer see red arrows
everywhere gosh darn it
how
okay
left trigger just lands soft it doesn't
roll right nope that's what happens if
you don't press left trigger
all right
they do it roll is the Crouch slide
button just as you are about to land
okay
although only me fate some level up to
at least level three I'd really really
hold on hold on hang on I'm gonna look
into this whole rolling thing
Oh see that's the thing I didn't
purchase it yet apparently I needed to
purchase it all right hold close to wait
to point van
I've been pickin hold okay great let's
see if I can buy any of these increased
damage particulars can I know right how
much do these things cost
I don't whatever I got the wrong thing
now that's all that matters
what
what is that
but what is anything just gonna run
around the city for a little bit to see
what happens I hope everyone's cool with
that because that is what I'm doing what
thing what thing I want that thing
he roll I did it I rolled not that way
not that way
woopsy dupes okay uh you do Jack you do
I am doing me I'm just running around
for a little bit I ran off a building
and you know that happens you run off
buildings sometimes that's mirrors
that's what I remember from the first
Mirror's Edge is just running off of
buildings just this guy knows his Jack
Packard thank you for streaming 25
months in a row we really appreciate it
it's true we really do also did you get
to watch the new review yeah yeah the
what was the newest one
oh it came from New York and surprise
surprise Jay loves escape from New York
and I'm actually a little surprised that
Mike doesn't like it that much but I
guess I just kind of you know they agree
on so many things
you know I can see someone not liking in
who you
but it's fine I'm down with the format
in general
nice nice roll felt good about that roll
that was a good roll slide that was a
bad slide apparently
run run run ball nice nice roll quality
roll we got some quality rolls here
where am I gone and why
where and why these are my questions
right now we're going there
but I I mean I love escape from New York
it's been a long time since I've seen
escape from New York but I remember
loving escape from New York but I think
I'm a little more okay with schlock than
mike is what is this nice document so
that's my only defense I am why do I
suck at sliding so much because I have
to hold it down that's why
today just so many people I want to
punch or kick
ooh what yeah
okay
so I got a nut break this being an RM
second stinger I don't know what a
second stinger ii two means second
stringer I don't think I am a second
stringer I think I'm like a third
stringer I want to say I'm the fourth
banana if we are if we are counting
bananas not gonna make it I should go
down to the street and walk like a
normal person no
you're at least four I'm the four I'm
the fourth banana and Josh would be the
fifth banana out of five no I'm sure
we're all we're all equal bananas except
Josh and and myself we are we are not
equal everyone else is equal bananas
except for Josh and I Josh and I on our
on our own level once reviews
established jack will be invited on to
ruin it absolutely okay I broke it I
just jumped I just jumped it I just
jumped right off the the frickin
building right no Josh Josh doesn't do
anything like post or production-wise
really Josh josh Josh I got bananas
there the Waterboys yeah yeah probably
sometimes yeah I get it
no Josh doesn't do anything in
production Josh
enjoys movies
come on my planet nope nope oh hey close
fake oh come on I was right there Jack
coming I show like on sitcoms when they
bring up the kid in later seasons yeah
is this it this is on Xbox one Lord Bell
on this this is on next
Josh does like wrestling III don't
understand I don't quite understand
wrestling button Josh does enjoy
wrestling I did I'm ruining everything
for this poor lady okay great yeah yeah
I get it all right I got to figure out a
better way to get to this guy that
doesn't help
this is not the correct way to go Oh or
maybe it is nope nope nope I'm not gonna
make it I'm gonna give this one more try
and then and I'm gonna and then I'm
gonna move on because obviously I'm
ruining everything
am i enjoying this I don't quite get it
yet that I think I'm blaming myself more
than anything I'm blaming myself
anyway running I do want to stop hearing
this story I think this way and I felt
like this way was faster I'm gonna make
it descent I'm gonna make it this time
feeling good about this feeling good
about this view and good about this
feeling good about this there it is here
it is here it is here is
press X to parkour okay so now we can
get on with the act what's what's this
oh no I don't want to play around with
Birdman's around I will steal this
because I'm here okay
bird man heading back to see bird man
whoo
why is this supposed to be time to
anyway I could you know because it's a
logistics thing you delivered a package
where's Birdman again oh right right I
gotta go through the thing
I'm a member for fuck sake
okay
Bergman has a delivery run few these are
from the background the right trade yeah
sure why not it's great for face yeah
you know it's I'm getting I'm getting
there I'm getting there
pick up and deliver a package for
Birdman okay
with this
oh okay
whoa whoa can't go that way gotta go
this way what's that blue snapshot
shopping
well that somersaulting is gonna cause
me to barf is it has any how is it how
is everyone's barf meter at the moment
has everyone's barf meter full
boom boom that's great
rich is on vacation so just a jack it's
all scream no barfing yet this dickhead
the kid
what a dick kid okay where we going now
where we going now
seems like there would be a secret in
here I don't care about no doors one of
these things what is it I don't know
it's a great leak it's one of them grid
leaks of course oh I have an upgrade
points okay
damage protectors it's back let's get
that one that all incentivize me to use
the know who she was okay
now what are we gonna do
did the game get interesting it I it's
you know maybe mate I'm gonna talk to
Birdman again talk sit back in the game
what
it's a kid what this who dis no Colonel
rush mustard I think the wide field of
view is making it seem a little more
natural bit so that's what they usually
say is in first-person shooters you want
to make the fields of view as wide as
possible would you recommend buying it
so far no not necessarily yet that's as
best as I can
that's as best as I can say is uh you
know maybe not yet but I know
I want that
every role there is a new Mirror's Edge
this is it it's Mirror's Edge catalyst
and yeah that's what my guess is my
guess is this will turn into one of
those you know free on Xbox Live and PS
network games because no one bought it
again just like no one bought no one
bought the first one and everyone was
really upset whoa let's go yeah I don't
know but I like it
these cannot go oh I uh most fell to my
death
great great
is this one with 90% more drumming no it
looks like it looks like approximately
the same amount of jumping that's what
that's what I am going to oh that's the
fan that keeps killing me well what's on
the other side of this fan yeah I need
to have a look at my enemy know thy
enemy
see I just wanted I just want to get in
there
well welcome jarl ball and swagger glad
I could forget
yeah I hate that prereq stuff doesn't
show up on red letter media front page
for days if every you know sometimes it
does sometimes it doesn't it all depends
on the really-really schedule if we if
we have a video that comes out you know
soon after one of theirs we want to pace
it out a little bit more skipping okay
there's a lab
all the labs downstairs
forgotten I forgotten I forgotten
everything already I do not know who
build the Arlen website nope I assume
one of them oh I assume one of them
dudes did turn on runners who Jack I
need the game to tell me what to do no
you know what I have I'll tell you that
I I do I could like this game
considerably more since I turned
runner's view off now that I can kind of
like choose now that I have some sort of
choice on where I run and jump I do feel
like 100% better about this game rolling
rolling though is tough on the stomach
excuse me Oh where you go oh sorry hey
dude
okay great
glad I could help what do I gotta get
but what do I gotta what whiffing this
game make freerunner Cemal any less
douchey no no shockingly enough even
though you are the hero of the game
you're everyone still kind of feels like
a dude what hey
the lens effect make these guys
constantly look like they're doing
Michael Jackson leans oh sure also why
wouldn't the fascist governments just
get rid of all of these hallways that
connect to the building because that's
how we're getting from building to
building is every single building has a
whole way up on the 100th floor
connecting building to building skip
skip free runners are douchey because
they wear stuff like this look at what
this guy is wearing that is not cool
that is douchey why are you wearing that
where your sleeves don't your arms get
cold
he does look like the arrow and the
arrow kind of looks like a dude
no no that was not the correct way to go
I was I was thinking it would look cool
if I if I jumped on that piece of Modern
Art and as it turns out it was not cool
because it killed me it killed all of me
all the time
yay whoa stop thinking creatively and I
know I know
that guy's leaves does not I mean he
does not mean does not look cool okay I
gotta find a way to get up
we're trying to get up here and I'm not
finding a way to get up I can find
plenty of ways to get down I want to get
up here okay I think I can make it
across
nope nope nope nope we're gonna fall
okay didn't follow
Oh close here we go here we go I heard
the animation when she can't climb up a
wall she looks like a cat I can't go in
after a laser pointer
whoa whoa find an elevator find an
elevator find an elevator that is a
refrigerator
the elevator is usually really close to
the refrigerator right if I remember my
architectural school Oh Ariel Ariel I
remember my architectural schooling you
always want to put the elevator right
next to the refrigerator
that's like design 101
Oh
okay try it again
try that again I got these things here
that look like steps so I'm gonna assume
that their steps so did the fact jump go
over here okay so we can make it over
here and I missing something over here
what am I missing
yep
don't big ol pile a'dope fuck
why didn't they make the protagonist of
the game some sort of modern engine
instead of just Park or losers yeah you
know it's fine I guess I kind of like it
that the combat is in the main focus the
game kind of makes it a little unique
okay
this is definitely the way to go I say
to myself not really knowing if this is
definitely the way to go we've gotten
here before I'm really close to
something and I'm really close to
something you know I mean you guys know
obviously if Aaron's says tipping now in
case I barf all over my keyboard later
yay
rich is on vacation rich is out of town
he ain't having none of this I probably
can't climb under those can I yeah
forget let's try it oh hello
look at that
hello
nope I'm gonna go full this way here we
go
well you know what that was that was
friggin clever right there that was
fully frickin clever
oh the only tip I have for learning
anything is just keep doing it just keep
doing it over and over practice every
day
I barely learned how to play the bass
myself I learned hello you know I've
read tabulator I never learned how to
read no it's like I could just read tabs
so just practice every day that's what
they say do it every day if you do it
every day you'll get good at it I want
time you know
practice every single day that's the
only thing you can do practice practice
practice find songs that you like learn
how to play them and play along with the
radio
Oh
- to do
oh my god where am I going what am i
doing I forgotten here we go
oh here we go look for the thing you can
kick learn scales and and provide and
improvise yeah you know just you just
got a play got a play she just got a
plan once you you know you enjoy it
obviously that's why you're doing in the
first place
so just find a way to connect you know
continue enjoying it that is not and oh
I don't care
hello all right green things green
things usually mean climb right nope
nope nope nope fuck is there no way to
learn there is no way to learn you do
what you enjoy doing no no what I'm
saying is obviously you enjoy music
that's why you're doing it in the first
place here we go and so learning it will
be easier because you already enjoy it
it's harder to learn something when you
don't enjoy it shut up dickhead
you know here we go
there's somebody here though I go
through this door no
okay there's a splinter cell here
Oh Oh oh-oh-oh job jump part yeah I'm
doing this game of shot if we get bored
of this game I can always go to dusters
I also have I mean Nick would play some
overwatch I don't necessarily want to
play overwatch mostly because I was
playing earlier today and I wasn't I was
not killing it I was not doing that well
so
I can hear the person in the background
it's glass
do boo
Oh cutscene I have been super enjoying
Symetra by the way in overwatch she is a
great defensive support character I just
lay down a thousand turrets a thousand
centuries and give everyone a mobo you
know the teleporter obviously mega
overpowered I mean she's my supportive
choice
there
this game has too much but what not
enough
there's some sick kungfu in here
all fun an escape sequence I don't think
he was a weak ninja I think she was a
unenhanced
focus shield with me dodging bullets
okay okay what did I forgot what focus
shield is again I should probably learn
these things yeah
No
excuse me
I died great uh are you going for a
no-kill run J I don't know what I don't
I don't think I can kill people anyway
so yeah press X to run and/or park car
focus shield
he just needs a squint and flex your
butt cheeks there I see I just did the
same thing twice
ok I think focus shield is right trigger
if I'm remembering correctly
that's what focus shield is right
trigger I have to remember these things
ok so we go like this this
okay shielding
morph
the bar for all
no no no
son of a bitch you know just son of a
bitch sometimes you get up the fuckin
thing thank you thank you
what
where the fuck do I fuck
son son of a damn it bitch so apparently
this is not the correct way to go
jack is a fan of the era what do you
think of the fact that the arrow
subreddit is so displeased with this
season that they became another
daredevil son a subreddit that's very
funny
yeah this season wasn't the greatest but
you know what were the it's it's more
shocking to me that anyone was like
really a fan in the first place you know
I begrudgingly liked the arrow if
anything if I was the flash the way they
ended the season of the flash this year
just got my blood boiling
okay we did it
what do I think this game needs so far
it's fine
so far it's fine that's what this whole
thing is about it's been part coring and
fighting I do not want flashpoint
paradox
I love daredevil the Crimson Viper
Daredevils great like daredevil like
Jessica Jones really looking forward to
Luke Cage and iron fist all that well
the Netflix shows Marvel shows are great
skipping a cutscene
okay
I got some kids whatever that means
Punisher show could be amazing also
could be terrible you know I I don't
like the Punisher in general I think
handling him as kind of a villain works
very well I don't like him in general
stun advantage fiber weave
Oh
Oh or quick turn
okay great
it is you're right it is time to stand
up everybody let's stand up you know
every every everything up until
daredevil season 2 has focused on you
know the Punisher as focus I'm death
wish
basically all right oh I'm stretching
out do a quick squat squat it out
stretch it out screw you dude
shout it out loud so so every move my
microphone really quick get a little
more comfortable here okay ever every
Punisher show up until daredevil season
two has kind of focused on the Charles
Bronson Deathwish which is you know like
making sure that his killing is super
justifiable and finally in and daredevil
we just get to see him you know
murdering people and maybe he likes it
you know sure it's it's his family was
killed but he's also just a loose cannon
and I really like that and I don't know
how long they can stretch that out into
his own show so
I don't know I don't necessarily we'll
see it's all a big we'll see
I think there'd be a secret back there
war zone you know what I still haven't
seen Punisher war zone I hear that's the
one to see
yes I know the Punisher is Charles
Bronson and I'm saying I need more of a
character than that see here's another
fan but I think I'm supposed to go
through this one
look I just murdered that person hmm
weird I don't feel bad about it
no next Furyk will not be about
uncharted or Mirror's Edge probably we
just did the first four hours of
Uncharted and we barely made it through
that I will tell you that much
we oh I just posted our first four hours
of of uncharted 2 end it is it is not a
joke that that rich was quite literally
covering his face with a pillow to keep
his sanity during during that smack like
a peanut hip oh thanks just this guy
yeah you know it was that uncharted 4
was so much worse than what we were
thinking it's it's just so so bad
so must buy its man we we hated hated
hated uncharted for and I just don't
think we could convince ourselves to
play it anymore so it won't be that it
won't be Mirror's Edge we I have an idea
actually I like I have a couple ideas of
stuff I want to do one more important
than the other I have any I haven't a
couple ideas for some fun ones some ones
that I'll be a nice mix of hate and
justifiable criticism and one that maybe
nobody will like but rich and I will so
it's it's uncharted it's unrep a
particle it is what it is it's it's the
fourth in the series everyone knows what
they're getting at this point there's
not much we can do with it there were
some good story elements but all the
gameplay was boring and you know it was
it was it was just just so dull all the
time
I ran into Gabriel
yeah that's true
and you know what maybe we learned our
lesson with metal gear so far I'm liking
mirrors edge better yeah I there's an
vino because there's an actual game here
like I'm doing stuff I'm in control with
my character and you know I get to have
fun with that shit you know like I have
consequences for forgetting to hit the
fall button and
you know it it's tough because there
they're trying to work within the front
you know the the framework of the game
is parkour combat and they're trying to
get a story in here and so everything is
story based where it's like oh oh what I
want to do is parkour in combat if they
could chill out with the story just a
little bit
nope who's shooting now I'm shooting now
I'm shooting now
who's shooting now fuck fuck fuck okay I
can do that better I can do that better
I believe in the power of me and I can
do that way better I just saw always
wanted a game where you eat dinner on
the couch with your wife
realism it's it's one of those things
where like I get that they're trying to
like give you some motivation to do all
the cool stuff but yeah I just kind of
want to get into the cool stuff and it's
fine everything's fine so far
so far I'm liking this hello excuse me
friend deal with this bitty first that's
yeah go down the steps whoopsie
nice
okay
like I'm kind of liking the combat the
combat does still feel like an
afterthought but also I probably like it
better if I didn't suck so much at it
but you know that was fun that was a fun
whoa I have no idea where I'm going I'm
just trying to get away from their
scanners Oh hope that that fence was not
there go ahe glitchy alright
I'm not to say nope I'm in their sight
again now to say great
I'm gonna steal some shit while I'm on
the run you Inc don't think I can go
there great
but not really because gameplay
what uncharted 2 has you kiddin people
within 30 minutes they really destroyed
the gameplay - cutscene ratio I I did
some math I hated it for uncharted for
all of all of the these every time we
played then I broke it up into game put
game play cutscene and other it's 58%
gameplay 30 34 percent cutscene and and
8% other which is pretty astounding
hello okay get out of there
like oh oh I just I just knocked him off
a motherfucking ledge I just killed
another guy that can't that can't be
okay
I can't be okay that I'm just murdering
people no those were not made up
percentages I've really figured out
exactly how much it was oh oh I'm on a
pole
apparently I'm on a pole what was the
other the other was walking down
hallways there was a lot there was a lot
of walking down hallways that what
they're real that technically was game
play but there was nothing to do in the
hallways you just had to walk from point
A to point B and so I felt it felt wrong
describing them as game play but they
were also weren't technically cutscenes
so I wasn't sure how to how to
categorize that so I just categorized it
I've been here before I have fucking
been here before how do i how do I get
home
where is this this is me there's a
hackable billboard
so what
okay I'm looking at a heck of a bill oh
okay on rails gameplay yeah maybe that's
a good way to describe it on Rails
gameplay but there was nothing like you
were just walking down a hallway so so
that was the other everything
interactive is gameplay yeah but is it
gameplay if there's no choices is that
it was the question for me like
prereq is the number-two streamer of
this game oh well there we go
you know that means nobody's streaming
this game oh okay I have a mission now
there there are want to get up this
building there's a hackable billboard
that I want to hack need to figure out
how to get up here not doing a great job
it's just very boy it's it is very
boring game well I still I felt more
comfortable categorizing it as other and
I was pretty generous like there was
some there was some stuff that was
clearly not gameplay but technically
speaking you could move the camera and
so I counted that as gameplay because
technically speaking you could do
something look I'm a mime I'm a mime and
there's a glass wall the flame in the
flood was more fun to watch yeah I'm
glad you enjoyed that oh hey I pressed
the button I pressed the button
no yeah yeah purple space bazooka rich
rich really hated uncharted 4 and yes
gronke people knocks the flame in the
flood is great is a great game that
everyone should buy I've really enjoyed
the flame in the flood had a couple
really good I had a couple really really
good game so that
had a lot of fun playing the flame in
the flood I don't exactly know how I did
that but I did it so that's something
played the flame in the flood music /
doom and see how much the tone changes
that'd be hilarious I'd be great hack
billboard
look at all the people I like that like
other people on the ships
it's neat world Oh
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo where where I don't
even know what am I supposed to be doing
that oh I have an upgrade point sure
easily from there okay great
oh shit
too far I think I've talked about this
before Sarah Chen Harlan our lack is my
usual online name and that's because
when I set up like one of my first email
addresses oh shit okay
my wife's nickname in high school was
Horrell from for Harlequin and I'm Jack
and so I thought because we lived
together at the time I was under the
impression that everybody was supposed
to share or that we would share an email
address much like we share a physical
address oh excuse me um obviously I did
not fully understand how email worked
yet and so when I first set up our email
address it was Harlech and that name
just cut
oh it's another thing I kind of get
what's happening I kind of get what's
happening it's super cute story
and then I was just kind of turned into
my nickname and spin my emails for that
long
I feel pretty good about our safe houses
this way I feel pretty good about that
combat think I'm killing it not that way
not that way how do I steal II probably
should be worried about getting out of
here but you know you got a steal a
thing when you when you when it's time
to steal a thing okay
okay running running how do I get over
there
that's the important question how do I
get over there
Oh
take here the gun guys first figure the
gun guys first kill Pete
there we go go and off we go
well stop for stop to steal a thing shit
shit
this is not working
okay this way I want to go this way
every time every time you jump I hear
like a little zip as if like that's your
bodysuit you know like it's like racism
who's that save us
a safe house so lots of valuable data
gets stored on roofs in the future yes
apparently apparently what's that I want
to see that thing I want to see what
these things are
concrete Canyon
they raise sure sure we'll play race why
not Oh hero
oh no I lost the arrows there
oh fuck not gonna make it
plus all my stars
oh we can do better than that we can do
better than that he's just pulling out
the circuit breakers to be a jerk yeah
like I don't I don't think like I'm not
I don't even remember why I'm pulling
out those circuit breakers but I see the
thing there and I press the a button so
I'm gonna do it that's you know
concentrating
concentrating
I can atleast get two stars okay that's
pretty good I feel good about two stars
does this have multiplayer if there is a
multiplayer component to this game I
have no idea what it is because they
asked me to sign into an EA account and
I'm just gonna refuse to do that I don't
know what it is and I'm just don't want
to so do you get that the yellow walls
are for wall running or at least they
were in the last version of this game
colonel rich mustard I think I get that
you can kind of wall run on any run
Waldo see you like that
you can kind of like and then jump so I
don't think it's it's just the yellow
walls I believe it's any wall
oh yeah I see him what's worse ei or who
be stuffed accounts I was very I was
very concerned when they asked me to
sign into an EI account and I knew my
email address and they said they asked
me if I had an account I thought I did
but apparently I didn't I was very
concerned pretty sure the man was on to
me you can never let the man get on to
you it's rule number one rule number one
of the streets whoa but I'm giving you
all the rules of the streets I need to
figure out what I'm doing here where
there's so much stuff to do and do we
want this
sure do we want this is the question
I'm going to say we do so let's go get
that thing
damn the man absolutely I should slow
down and enjoy the roses fuck you and
your roses roses look pretty exactly two
days out of the year the rest time you
got a stupid as bush with thorns on it
OOP there it is how do I area how do i
how do I
I've upgraded some things I can probably
upgrade more whoa
where's that crossing here is
I mean it's probably something up here
right probably looks like a neat little
hidden area I'm going to oh okay that's
where I need that can I upgrade again I
have enough points I don't if I had that
90-degree turn I could probably hit that
and right is that what the game's
telling me want that ladder
oh whoa
well almost died
oh I know II okay great
there's also yeah these little like
glowy things all over the place I don't
remember what those are for exactly did
this go the other way that's find out
nope nope the answer is no what okay
well mother fucker
nope nope nope nope nope nope nope I
have to learn how to roll I can you have
to you have to upgrade to the roll and
apparently I also need to upgrade to the
the the 180 degree jump and I can't hit
that thing for some reason
this must be the end of the rope they
hit that yep
great
what's over here these things are fun I
know you know I don't I don't it's this
one yeah sure
nice climb fast
see today it's like to me this is kind
of what the game is all about right here
is these these little speedruns I'm
thoroughly enjoying this this kind of
stuff just straight-up parkour
well how am I supposed to get there any
faster one star can I get one star slide
into home jack you miss that you miss a
ship by the race oh did I am no see I
know there we go
do I have enough upgrade points now
no I'm close though now I really want
that 180 degree movement thing hey hey
hey I see you see you parkour and
parkour fuck what fuck fuck fuck fuck a
lot of straight down parkour I know I'm
not the greatest I think this is where I
came from
what are you nothing great oh here we go
steely this movie is best this game is
based off of the movie Gymkhana that's a
true story I heard that about this game
what hey I'm really glad there's not
like a permanent health thing more
things more things lots of stuff to do
that's fun
fuck fuck fuck fuck
I don't know what's up with this thing
why can't I go over there that bothers
me that bothers me very much but that's
okay
a troll hehe roll there's the thing
I like this you know what I like this
game I'm having a good time I feel like
it's it's this is a genre we don't see
very often so I'm gonna go ahead and say
that okay thank you there it is go ahead
and say that I like this this this
certainly makes me feel as if I am
jumping around the city like a crazy
person what what I mean obviously I'm
gonna go do that what play another game
I think that's the thing ox 277 F that's
what we all want we that's that's what
we want our games we want a little
escapism and I am NOT gonna do this kind
of crazy
parkour hey you know what's your deal
did you just come here to crush my
self-esteem or it looks you know the
people don't look through great but I'm
having fun combat is so far a little
repetitive is my only complaint
obviously combat is not a terribly large
part of the game
okay
what fan now what what okay
what
oh that fan
that looks like a pole I can climb
see the game is telling me to turn on a
runner's vision and so I that makes me
think that this game knows that there
are certain parts of the game that are
that's confusing if you need a hint we
can help you out well you know if we
need it oh hello that was just dumb luck
right there that I found that that was
dumb luck but I'll take it
oh I see I should have I wasn't paying
attention to the clues shut off the fan
follow the wires back here I wasn't
paying attention
surprise surprise Jack wasn't paying
attention all right
oh I get it I get it I get it I get it
game I get it I get it
I'm on your wavelength yes I'm so on it
see like this this this is like actual
climbing and shit the the bullshit
climbing that was in uncharted 4 has got
nothing on this on in this stuff you can
actually fail
I'm Jack's total lack of attention I I'm
terrible sometimes I'm just terrible I
mean let's be honest most of the times
I'm just terrible but specifically when
it comes to paying attention sometimes
I'm more terrible than other times game
I do not want to turn my runners vision
on please stop telling me to
you you try the roof how about that
shit
the trouble with uncharted is the jumps
are so impossible sometimes it's tough
to figure out where it wants you to go
luckily there's no shortage of bird crap
well it's not just about that word you
know like there were some parts where
you know we just we couldn't quite
figure out where to go and Uncharted
only because we had to wait for the game
to open the path for us charted is great
a bull hockey oh I landed on the bed
bull hockey
Oh fights uh you know I don't think I
have ADHD but right to do any of it off
to any of us really now I really don't I
really don't think I do
how could I not interact with that
anymore am i stuck now shit oh I guess I
could go back I don't think I have ADHD
I just you know just have a short
attention span
I think that's everybody I think that's
most I think that's in most people
there we go I got it
he called his friends and they showed up
and then in a building down the street
that seems weird let me kick this guy
right off the building or myself right
off the building
get get get out of here I don't know who
screaming and talking at the same time I
was gonna play a bit like they got it
yeah you're right that's and that's the
other thing is I'm talking you guys my
attention is divided
my attention is divided at the moment
wait how do I do this again there we go
okay here we go
I want I want a different button open oh
I'm gonna fall off the edge again fate
wait wait wait back up back up back up
faith you you stingy Biddy is that even
was that real words no probably not all
right how do I get down there without
dying
there's a thing fuck fuck fuck
okay okay okay settle No
yes I think this was a bad idea Oh or
not a hard nut oh oh and how we can get
that knocking at the loved one anything
the dippity-do now we can get the
dippity-do you great so now if I climb
wait no stop
oh right button 180 degree turn
well that's actually incredibly
disorientating yeah that's a lot of like
trusts in the automatic camera right
there that's crazy okay cool all right
great all right how do I get this way ed
this way this way way way nope that's
too far that's too far that's too far I
knew that was too far disorientating
disorienting - sorry
disorienting yes yes nope
okay
how do I get down without dying
important question
oh here we go there it is there's that
that's the thing I was looking for Rolly
Rolly roll up nope that
I'm lost again you know I get lost a lot
in this game just gonna put put that
right out there
motherfucker
huh
sigh lay weep how how do I even
what that who that that means get late
how do i how do I even can I even
I don't the off
this game I mean it's a lot of rooftops
a lot of the rooftops look incredibly
similar and you know it could use a few
things to make it so that I've been lost
I want to say I've been lost in this
exact place several times now I
constantly get lost at the exact same
location and that is very frustrating to
me I just want to know how to get around
also that's a leap I mean can't get that
can I get that nope okay that's not
getting a loss that's the open world
think so X 2 7 7 exactly it
stylistically designed to be that way
you Fox
I just keep ending up it's this choke
point it's it's this building right here
I end up at the exact same choke point
every time somehow I end up exactly
right here this corner right here and I
can't figure out how to get around it so
now I gotta go all the way back here to
this one so I can go over here so you
know it's annoying as shit
and it's annoying as shit there's a wire
can I take that wire cross that probably
goes the other way yeah
Oh steely today turn left at the white
building but I couldn't turn left there
was no left there was no left ok real at
least if there was I did not see a left
like black flight ballot bela Fleck and
the Flecktones is the name of a band
no no that's who's gonna take me right
back to where I was
gosh turn it oh ya think
pretty sure I was just here
across there No
clop Dern it
okay hold on I'm gonna try this whole
left at this building thing cuz this is
where I get befuddled CA there's no left
here maybe you're saying I should go
this way go around this building perhaps
this way
yeah we can go this way he meant the
white building on the left of the other
way filling well yes now we're seeing my
problems will
you need a couple more like zip lining
things that's what we need we
okay I've been here before I know where
this is
ah fuck
oh my god probably not supposed to be in
here
okay here we go now we I feel like we're
getting somewhere maybe
I feel like I'm Way too high up that's
the that's a death right
okay I'm gonna cheese it I want to
cheese it
okay
nice
okay here we go oh hey excuse me
Hey oh I need to be down here I tried I
tried to be up on his level but no but
no game gobbledygook says hardcore
parkour also I recommend I recommend it
to rich hearts of iron for our ww2
simulator that came out this weekend I'm
lost in it and in love and it's a
multiplayer RTS his favorite also DC
Universe Online it's free you fucks
recommend it recommend it
mr. mighty I am not paying attention I'm
sorry also I'm not sorry what fuck fuck
fuck to see their hearts of iron 3 was
an hour-by-hour World War 2 strategy
simulator well I'm sure it's lovely
noise uh he's talking about x-men
apocalypse I have still not seen that
and I'm very happy about my still not
having seen that hello Steely
I just like running around I'm a fan of
just running around I don't even know
where I'm running to it I'm just running
am I supposed to be in here
I don't know oh do you hear that there's
different noises you skate on gravel
just get on class hey it's the simple
things I'm fairly simple I'm a fairly
simple person now okay great you know
what you know what let's call it it's
getting a little late so we're gonna
call it oh hey I think this deal all
right
great dynamic gameplay and look squeaky
material oh wait can we do a ground
squeak into a floor squeak ready this is
guy no did I I suppose
oh wait my tip thing stopped working why
didn't make did things stop working hold
on just this guy you know I apologize
for missing your tip give me one moment
I will see if I can find it
pause my my stream tip decided to crash
give me you at least three moments if
you could so that right that there that
was approximately one moment worth and
here is two moments worth justice guy
you know says don't want to break up
your parkour flow but am I crazy or is
this the worst spokesperson for any
product ever
the mighty number 9 trailer the mighty
man overnight trailer looks terrible
that is quite possibly rich and I might
be doing something with games that are
nothing at all like Mega Man next thank
you for sharing
I thought that I'm a backer of mighty
number 9 I think we talked about this a
while ago or a couple streams ago where
I felt like that was an impulse the back
the mighty number 9 backing I felt I
feel bad about backing it now that I see
the game it's become but what you're
gonna do what are you what do you what
do what are you gonna do nothing the
answer is nothing
okay let's why don't we take a moment
and thank the subscribers I have the
Twatter
right here I'm gonna thank everyone who
subscribed during the stream let's go
find something better to look at yeah
just we'll look at that that's a nice
colorful image right there that we can
look at specifically the spokesman's
voices and script it's like oh it's just
what just this kind of share it in the
chat let everyone see how terrible it is
thank you to all of our subscribers much
like kaze eighty-seven subscribed for 18
months in a row thank you hometown
markup subscribed for 22 fucking months
in a row smelter wedge in all of us 21
fucking months in a row
humberto
for 17 months i'll funds Oh sparkle fat
welcome Bunga Doug for 21 months in a
row kick girl v4 Lloyd beats for 21
fucking months in a row also Banga Doug
I don't know if I emphasized 21 fucking
months in a row so I just wanted to
double check that it did that boy beats
21 fucking months in a row wood chips
skeletal snuggles Lord Belmont 15 months
in a row Dwemer metal gear and crumb 13
months in a row thank you guys so much
for coming out thank you to all the new
subscribers all the old subscribers and
everyone else who just came out I'm
enjoying this this Mirror's Edge I think
that it's going to be one of those games
where
