Jun 5, 2016
The Flame in the Flood
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/79462827
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PYcGNlzBf94
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/739540075973775361

very moment pardon I'm streaming it is
quite quite possible they're gonna wait
for the official notification though to
see if I'm actually streaming Jack
begins great hi everybody waiting oh and
you know when I'm here with rich usually
I'm so on top of things as far as like
updating the info and all that the game
will play I didn't do that this time you
know why cuz I'm not on top of it
there's the email great
that was the email where's my face my
face is not here I tried H I was trying
to set up some sort of face cam before
me in here but the only camera I have is
the one connected to my computer I have
the little you know iSight camera I need
to raise my mic up you just need to
raise your volume up we need to fight
desk errs oh I want to play desk you're
so bad should I start downloading desk
er so I can play more dusters I would
love to do that um hold on I need to I
need to update this dream look floor
sorry everybody welcome now Miss typing
because I'm trying to do it quickly
update now we go i solid baked now when
is the clown coming in I you know I
wanted to play overwatch obviously I've
been playing overwatch you can turn the
terrible music off if you want hey you
know you'll get used to it I can turn it
down a little bit I am the music you
know yeah it grates on you a little bit
here I'll turn it it's it works well
with the theme of the game which is why
I'm gonna be okay with it but no no
overwatch tonight I obviously have been
playing a lot of overwatch on my own
because I'm really enjoying it but I for
the stream I won't be able to pay
attention to your chat and play
overwatch and I don't want you guys to
make fun of me for being terrible
because I'm not that great yet I'm only
like 13 hours and to overwatch and I
love it I love it so much it's it's just
so much fun to play if you guys are a
fan of Team Fortress 2 John kylo
subscribed for 25 months in a row Jebus
H crisp John kilo 25 months in a row
thank you thank you John Kela John
killed one of our first mods - I want to
say I'm pouring a beer right now hold on
everybody please please pause while I
pour a beer for the flame in the flood
there we go
old fogey pretty no burek beers not
there or no it didn't I didn't I bring
prereq beer back I forget okay so let's
let's start playing a little bit of the
flame Wow oh did you guys hear that I
did pour that suspiciously close to the
microphone that's right sir gimpy was
our one and only mod for for maybe a
week octo-octo-octopus
7% alcohol so I can only have one of
them and still you know get a little
drunk which is fun okay so let's start a
new campaign this is the flame in the
flood I've beaten it already I took some
time and played this by myself and OH
experienced player permadeath fewer
supplies stats just you know what I'm
but I'm still gonna play it uneasy and I
prefer dayz dayz brings me luck so we're
gonna have dayz you can choose what kind
of dog I can drink I'm at home I'm at
home so I can have a beer and TMG after
dark sent us a tip saying hey Jack
stoked for the solo stream get overwatch
got overwatch based on your brief review
and and loving it what are your favorite
characters PS King
you teach me how to properly use a pill
oh my god oh my are finally popping
that's great you guys might not be
seeing that there is a bug where none of
my achievements were popping and they're
literally all popping right now you guys
can't see them because of the steam
overlay but I'm getting like 20 million
achievements popping at this exact
moment no I don't know exactly how to
use pill I still haven't discovered how
to use my pillow but yay achievements
what game is this this is the flame in
the flood the flame in the flood and
what you play as is that you play as
this little girl and this is a
post-apocalyptic post-apocalyptic world
in which the the world has flooded and
you have your dog here Daisy
the Dalmatian who's adorable and you
have to collect supplies they will try
to don't try to read all the stuff here
so these are your four stats hunger you
can't get my arrow yeah
hunger thirst warmth and exhaustion you
have to keep an eye on those stats and
then you get little things here a
feather
you gotta pick them up and there's a
crafting yes this is a very Jack game
there's crafting involved and you can
sure shoot shoot okay wolf info the
black wolf later as we get on there are
Wolf's spoo GLE that was you who made
the big dumb hammer gift thank you for
that I thought that was adorable I do
love games with big dumb hammers click
water there's a whole bunch of stuff in
this game if all this stuff and then
here's all the stuff we have and you can
move stuff to your dog's bag you soppy
even though this is Daisy and then when
you're in the raft you can move stuff to
your raft and then if you die this is a
this is a procedurally generated
roguelike and so if you die anything in
your dog's bag sticks with you which is
really great this is this is perfect for
me to play yeah it's kind of a survival
game mostly because I can take breaks
and chat with the chat wow I'm playing
this so okay so basically right now
we're just collecting all the stuff you
get tasks which is great and the whole
world has this kind of like creepy
creepy vibe to it okay so here's our
raft it's our makeshift little raft
which is beautiful me and the dog get on
it and we're gonna go try to find our
next dock
this is a relaxing and smooth game I
really enjoyed this game and it had some
bugs for me like I said you guys didn't
see but the achievement my achievements
only popped when I supplied this game
and rich Evans is on vacation he is
hanging out with Karen this weekend this
week and fact is all this week so it's
just me this week so here we have the
other big part of the game and it's just
being on the raft in this flooded world
and we got to find our next dock and
then why don't we go to the next dock
you pick up all the supplies and start
crafting and start fighting enemies and
it's it's a crazy world but I I really
dig the pace it's very calm and it's
very soothing it's a it's very desolate
and when you're pouring a
post-apocalyptic game you want to feel a
little rapids here
so all I'm doing right now is kind of
like steering there I have little things
that you can need to compress the a
button fast enough I know this song in
particular I hate I hate it when they do
vocals in any video game song this
sounds like the theme to Firefly if you
remember Firefly which is just has this
like really cheesy country something
okay so now now you might be seeing
these orange circles these are the
possible docks and right now all I have
is a rudder your you know I'm steering
with my stick so you can't hit every
stop so you have to choose like I won't
be able to hit both of these stops I'm
going to choose these because I know
campsites have a fire
the Firefly things not good it's very
cheesy it's appropriate for Firefly but
it's very very cheesy you can take the
sky from me I love that beam but it was
incredibly incredibly cheesy cattails
are super useful that's gonna get us
some rope that dog is good as dead in a
game like this no I look after the dog
empty house that's fine that's fine no
to every little dock and we dilute all
the things we can loot dandelions you
wouldn't think dandelions would be
important until you need dandelions then
they are the most important thing is
that as is anything in this game so then
here we'll go to our crafting menu here
right now I can make braided cord so I'm
going to do that makes them braided cord
why can't I get stone knife I should do
that
yeah use markets to be bullshittin like
your bag starts off a really really
laying luckily you can move stuff too
ASAP ASAP or Daisy move it - Daisy
reminded the Arsenal this game reminds
me of the game debts bank check it out
who me yeah I think I think I remembered
it oh that's Frank wasn't that the UM
that was the Diablo clone that was a
shooter right the shooter Diablo I think
I remember deaths bank
you ever like a good neighbor of snare
you can't take this pie from me oh okay
here we go so as you make stuff as you
craft stuff right now I'm turning
cattails if you see here I'm turning for
cattails into braided cord now I can
make a snare trap because later in the
game there's rabbits yeah I can make a
spear trap because later in the game
there are wild boar that will attack you
or Wolf's no I'm not watching Game two
of the NBA Finals I do not care about
sports okay
so I am actually gonna make some of this
stuff I'm gonna make a snare as long as
I can
oh I need some more saplings now and
then there's certain stuff that you can
only make if you're sitting at the fire
right now I don't have anything so it
doesn't really matter I have I do have a
jar okay here's the other neat thing so
thirst thirst is something you have to
pay attention to in this game and you
have a jar and of course there's water
water everywhere so I'm gonna fill the
jar here yes there are wolves in this
game but now I have a jar of polluted
water luckily I did get some water
filters so I can make clean water I
always have a jar of clean water with
you okay and so that's all I can get
from that stuff so now we jumped back on
the raft I have you know what I've heard
I've heard really good things about
don't starve never never got around to
playing it I know there's don't starve
together now which I think rich and I
should play
what about spikes there are spikes in
this game there's actually a spike trap
that you can make in this game to kill
pigs what what is it to kill pigs and
which I may need to make good so I got
some saplings here there's a church good
yeah they got some stuff here
see if there's an able rabbits we can
hunt
alright ok so yeah I was gonna get spear
trap always good to have his beer trap
handy however we can move to ASAP hey
stop
I know what you move to a sub all this
stuff you will need later every end you
know like everything is one of you know
it's a roguelike and so a lot of things
you only find out when you die you know
later on in the game there are snakes
and the only way to cure a snakebite is
by making tea and so in order to make
tea here we go
you need dandelions we need dandelion
tea so there's usually nothing in the
church so dandelion tea I no need for
dandelions and a jar of water but I only
have one jar right now so that's pretty
important I'm not gonna Jack if I buy
don't start together will you play it
with me and the Chad nah but you know
maybe a solid baked I do
I do love bad bitches that's my fucking
problem and yeah i like to fuck and it's
a fucking problem i got a pouch
gonna publish that ads inventory space
that was a good get good get okay great
oh so yeah here here's one other things
so in my crafting now I can make
insulated boots which was basically
boots stuffed the boots stuffed with
cattails because as the game goes on
we've moved to colder and colder regions
and right now my body temperature is
pretty good but if it rains or if it
gets cold my body temperature is gonna
drop it I'm gonna need better clothes
it's heavy areas guard down well down
Wells fun that's a fun little pick-me-up
game I know it just came out on the Vita
and I got it for my Vita and that is a
just a beautiful handheld game perfect
for handheld although lately I like I
just got down to a plate it played a
little bit of it but I've been picking
up on crypt of the necrodancer again you
can you can kind of steer your raft okay
I missed that one but I can get this one
good you can kind of steer your raft and
then like shove it in a direction which
is helpful when do you shoot demons in
the fucking face you cannot count
snippy count nippy so the end goal if
you weren't here in the beginning we got
the beginning has this little cutscene
in which the dog found us and gave us a
backpack and in the backpack was a radio
and so we have to find the radio signal
basically find civilization that's
that's the goal of the game is to find
other people and so we make it down the
river because that's the only direction
we can go in hopes of finding other
people can't tails cat tails are good
they can make us warm clothes but more
importantly they can make us rope so we
want all the cattails we can get our
hands on because the Rope we get traps
we can't make bow and arrow always it's
all the caches and I'm kind of oh yes
point oh yeah so so like you know
basically anything you can't make
something you want to like here's a
splint and if you get hit by a bore
later on the in the game there's boars
it'll break your leg and so you need a
splint so I'm just gonna make one right
now because I happen to have the
materials to make one I really have to
question the idea of moving downstream
in a cataclysmic flood
yeah but how else are you gonna move you
know oh shit here is abort there's abort
run run run run run run run run run run
run bun for barb barb barb great well
we're gonna fuck that bar up you know
why I got a spear trap I got a spike
trap for that boar this is gonna be
great this is gonna be fucking awesome
okay so got the spear trap lay a trap
okay now where were you born oh there's
a bar come on this way this way this way
oh you fucker
did you you better on my fucking back
gotcha oh I got you you son of a bitch
you know I thought dusters was the
jackets game possible I just found out I
was I was wrong as fuck right there we
go so now we got some four meats and a
boar hide so if there was a fire here I
could cook that meat but before we
picked up that thing of salt and so I'm
able to make boar jerky which I'm gonna
do because eventually I'm gonna get
hungry my hunger level is 69 out of 100
so hello oh it is 3 a.m. in London how
how terrible that you are watching even
though it's so late oh sorry and I've
been missing tips I don't know I don't
have the tip thing on my computer and I
asked rich to UM to send it to me and he
didn't because he's on vacation and he
doesn't care hold on for a second Jack
Skrillex ZipZap says hey Jack just
wondering if you got my DVD cover to
sign I sent it in over a month ago with
return postage maybe you all ignored it
because it was a Star Wars cover if it
came in I don't know I don't check them
hell I just signed stuff when they tell
me to sign it I will ask next time I am
in I think I'm gonna see them this week
so Jack Skrillex is attacked I will tell
them and from gutter stars haven't
tipped in a while thank you guys for the
stream well thank you gutter stars for
watching we really appreciate it
ok so I made some jerky wage it's
awesome and I also have some stitching
kits here I got really lucky early on so
I can make some boar hide stuff and for
when it gets colder
let's see here how about some boar hide
pants yeah as some nice pants great then
we take her pants and we equip the pants
equip pants and then we take our old old
pants and we can make rags out them
because you could always use some nice
rings all right great
I am now tired hungry and thirsty so I
oh wait first I'm gonna this ranks tan
right this is good
what's over here sumac I've never ever
used the sumac stitch oh great more
stitching kits suit with sumac you can
make like bombs I think and I've just
never ever used it okay I'm gonna sleep
uh yeah sleep for four hours the joy fit
here kids I do I love them oh fuck it's
raining good thing I got them boar pants
all right now I'm gonna be hungry and oh
wow this is great this is actually super
fantastic so it is raining right now so
we can take
we can take the water and we can drink
the water
and because it's raining we can take the
jar and fill it with clean water isn't
that beautiful
isn't that just beautiful and I'm just
just a fantastic way we have some
cattails and a braided cord so we're
gonna make some chords right there we go
some board pants I have some boar pants
and I'm just jerking up 25
should eat that jerky
great all right so now I'm pretty good
let's record yeah exactly leftover
beefcake it like this game teaches you
how to survive in the woods you gotta
kill more you got a you know bleed the
boar I think learning how to properly
bleed an animal is a real life skill
luckily my time as a butcher taught me a
little bit I'm woefully out of practice
but it taught me a little bit how to
properly bleed an animal and you know
the thing is when when you after you
kill an animal you want to get all of
the blood out of it as soon as possible
because that's what makes the meat would
go bad and you know you want to get the
pieces off and get those individual
pieces off the animal as fast as
possible to preserve the meat
is the idea I'm sure that's exactly the
kind of thing it seems that can steer
the boat a little bit
I can hit these two I can hit these Joe
Jack the clown butcher I was a clown
before I was a butcher I was a which is
still not a sentence that I think anyone
wants to hear well no I was a clown
before I was a butcher
see what happens like I'm wet now
because of the rain and so that red that
red ball and that red ball is dropping
because I'm cold I could really use a
fire
crows are a fairly useless in the
beginning game crows make noise and so
crows will alert other animals of your
presence no I don't sleep so if there is
a boar or a low fear and it hears a crow
crow a crow call it will come and get me
I can use a jar yeah I got some alcohol
alcohol is good for making bandages who
some mold barriers
yucca if there was a fire here regular
yucca oh no oh please an IV that's
alright that's right because I got this
Ella and aloe suits poison ivy but so
you have to watch out this big patch of
red here that is poison ivy I got
distracted because if a devil's trumpet
this thing is awesome this purple plant
right here is one of the best plants in
the game having didn't my fault hold on
pause consume all of them mulberries do
I have a hat on right now and do have a
hat on right now I do have a hat on
right now so we can make a rags out of
this
yeah I got this alcohol and almost
valsalva I can make a bunch of bandit
actually I should make a bandage I
should make it candid okay bandages are
great for cuts the bandage to ASAP okay
Devils trumpet this thing is awesome you
can mix the devil's trumpet with raw
meat and make tainted bait and later in
the game you will consistently run in
two rolls and so you can throw a piece
of bait at them they'll eat it and die
and it's great
it's great to kill wolves I need some
food that's what I really need a fake
plastic gun welcome welcome welcome to
the flame in the flood
are we doing here is anything removed to
the rafters we can move the filters to
the rounds in a raft has storage - which
is good but you know a lot of stuff
wraps my attic obviously to move that to
the raft just sewing kits we can move to
the raft
let's move the splint to a stop water
will hold on to this we can make stuff
out of it
to make another excuse trap while I have
the stuff hey you and rich were both
butchers you were literally hack frauds
so this is fire watch with better ish
exploration and top-down view and no
story well no no fire fire watch was you
know it was all exploration this is a
survival game it's all about collecting
resources crafting those resources for
it so you can use them for what you need
this is a survival game nothing nothing
like fire watch fire watch was basically
a story game with exploration bits I
liked them both but very very different
games this is this is not wait
come on get there got there you got
there
this doesn't have enough cutscenes
political dialogue and love interests
right that's it Jiang Keeler campfire +
woods automatically means fire watch
it's interesting because you know like
they have the good more mellow I always
knew that out hello
oh so you look at here fire ants these
little red guys here you got to pay
attention to your to your surroundings
these these fire ants will will bite you
so you need a low and shit I got some
Allen oh so that's great
you know it's nice because there are
certain things that you can only craft
at the fire so the fire is very
important and then you know there's only
so much stuff you can store and so you
have to you know store stuff with a SAP
ESOP and store stuff on your raft and so
then you have to constantly like go back
and forth over like who has once I think
I can make a stitching kit yeah yeah I
can make a stitching kit
shit yeah right and so you know it's
like resource management inventory
management and survival basic survival
it's it's it's very basic it's very
basic survival EA and I am playing on
the easier mode button I really like the
easy mode and the easy mode is still
roguelike so you only get one life to
live and then you got to start your
journey at the beginning again besides
what is in Daisy's bag
it's very it's a very engaging game
these little floating down the river
sections see yeah and then you crash
like that you can't really steer you're
after you can kind of push it you have
to you have to actually follow these
current lines you can kind of steer your
F but if you don't crash into shit and
your raft has a health bar one of those
go-with-the-flow type situations that's
what this game is all about just take
what life gives you make the best out of
it you make some lemonade get good I'm
trying I'm trying to get good but I'm
all wet I think the game is about to get
real I think we're getting far enough
now or we've hit up a couple spots where
we're probably gonna run into a wolf
soon there's stuff to loot there but I
want to make it to this farmhouse farm
houses have corn
farmstead a source of wild food and COO
and clean water that's important oh wait
it's raining no it's not really right
well shit add it to my Steam watch
wishlist it's it's a fun one if you're
into that kind of stuff this I I started
playing this immediately after doom and
it was exact revit seus it was exactly
what I needed after doom where I just
needed a slow slow game a game that
would let me take my time really like
you know stop and think about things so
like I started playing distant dusters
oh shit like that see that bar he
doesn't even know I'm here
that poor it's gonna be so fucked yo the
trap for a boar okay trap built hey bar
I'm right here boy oh oh good yes well
oh I'm hungry though I can make tainted
meat but I'm hungry but I don't have a
fire all these things I think I can eat
dandelions can I eat dandelions I'm
gonna how about that
I pick all these dandelions and I'm
gonna eat him I could really use some
salts right about now yeah that's what
I'm hoping for
I need some salt so I can eat some meat
how about some a whole new lumber well
that doesn't help at all okay so there's
rabbits here and you see these rabbit
holes so we take our snare and we put it
in front of a rabbit all cuz now we're
gonna kill a rabbit
and the rabbits over here we're gonna
scare him back to his hole go go back to
your hole rabbit yeah see look look at
this the game glitches sometimes the
rabbits dangling over here the snare is
over here it's got some bugs but you
know what I still got a rabbit so that's
all I care about so now we got a rabbit
now we can skin the rabbit
now I have two pieces of meat so with
one of them I am gonna make a tainted
meat because that is a good weapon for
later in the game and actually there's
other rabbits here so I might as well
kill a few more rabbits Boogle that's
the thing I've swivel says I want to get
into this game but those eyes in that
character portrait are doing something
to my soul look at that
you have character portrait that gives
you a little indication of health and
you can see like some scratches on her
face she's a she's a she's something
else it's all part of the wait wait till
we there there are some NPC's in this
game wait and hopefully we can meet some
of them in stream because they creepy as
fuck
okay let's catch another rabbit come on
out of your hole rabbit everything's
fine come on out of your hole
I probably shouldn't enjoy that as much
as I do
but you know what are you gonna do the
answer nothing now I have two pieces of
raw meat that only last for days so I
need a fire or I need some salts but I
got a boar hide
yeah rabbit who I can make some more
clothes out of that's good too and I'm
gonna be hungry I ain't gonna be hungry
you're gonna drink some water because
there's a water ideally right here no my
jar up great I should sleep but I don't
have any oh I know I can get any
dandelions have I discussed this already
yeah I'm gonna
I used to watch man vs. wild under Crom
I've been in cable for a while so I
haven't I hear Survivorman is the
superior one because he doesn't have a
camera crew with him
my brother watches a bunch of other
shows like naked and afraid those
survival shows well you know man vs. why
I was alright gonna sleep for a little
bit just a couple hours craft tinder
then can't oh thank you fearful sledge
boy you are on top of it i craft a
tender
I should be able to craft a campfire
thank you fearful spudgy boy now I can
eat so now I can take my campfire build
it
and now you can sit at your fire oh look
at that sit at the fire with your dog
and we can make some food though I have
corn that's right so we can make some
ash cake everybody the - cake it's not
true we can make cooked meat meat
I want to make dandelion tea you know
what I might as well make vandal aunty
all right great we are doing good now
now I can eat I should eat importantly
great great now see look now that I eat
look at the character portrait and she
doesn't have the the scars in her face
her eyes aren't red anymore because
we're a little healthier and so there's
that nice visual indication of when you
are healthy there are more rabbits ear
button I guess we'll just keep pressing
on yeah or maybe okay well they're
sleeping now so they're not gonna come
out no you cannot customize her at all
and actually something that's a little
upsetting the this game was kick-started
it was a Kickstarter game and I know it
has a small dev team I want to say the
halo like saw the halo team made this
game but I don't remember for sure one
of the really upsetting things about the
game is part of the what happened in my
hat
I get rid of my hat part of the gameplay
is equipping different clothes and when
you equip different clothes it doesn't
change your character model at all and
that's actually one of the most
upsetting things is you know I want
stuff on my character to change to or
hide hats yes let's make a hand I made
it into rags I thought I got a second
hat
okay now I have a hat now I have a bore
hi dad which is better anyway so well I
can make make some rabbit Pelt gloves -
I will do that
knows that will help with the cold the
website says that parts of the Bioshock
Halo and Guitar Hero teams contributed
to this game Thank You budget Messiah so
you know it is a kick-started game I
know like it had a bunch of bugs I ran
into a particular bug where you have
these two screens you have the dock
screen and then you know you start the
world screen and I built a campfire
right here
right Oh see like ya see bugs look I
can't walk here not because the game
needs me to walk away a little bit but I
built the campfire right here next to
the dock crossover screen and my
character glitched out and I wasn't able
to leave the campfire but even bugs
aside still still a fine fine game
still a fine fine game where I go now
and any any of these that are just a
woods is always light on supplies and
could potentially I mean any stop could
have a wolf in it and yeah we're just
kidding and you can kind of you know you
don't get you don't get to see very far
which and your croquet you know which I
like and don't like
mulberries those are good that's food
and hydration
Ito's mulberries right away
mulberries that case that feathers are
really only important for arrows later
on oh good here we go here's something
interesting look at this thing every
once in a while you won't run into these
quilts and here's the story of the game
here's how the game handles the story
the quilt a Big John boar Big John boar
kept his own counsel and his own
opinions about things the more facts
presented proved contrary the more he
did endear the more facts presented
proved contrary the more he'd dig in
deeper that's what they want you to
think he'd fuss never rightly could say
who they were supposed to be but staying
put just the same that's how I handled
the story have these quilts that kind of
tell the stories of the town's folk
trumpet yeah why I can get it I can
anonymous I see it's a poem Jack would
like to see you do a solo stream of a
survival horror game someday evil within
Silent Hill or any of the old Resident
Evil games also me and my wife our big
fans keep it up thank you I will you
know I don't play a ton of survival
horror just because I don't know they're
not that's scary to me but you know
Halloween is right around the corner you
got to do some following
these mailboxes you get these tasks
which always nice nope watch out for
Pickers pricker bushes okay great
nothing nothing else here nothing else
here not yeah the survival horror just
really isn't my type of thing and I
don't know you know how you know how you
people get when when rich and I don't
like the games that you guys like and so
I hate to disappoint yet again oh it's
just always that corn I got that corn
that'll make space in our own bag for
when we're looting an area but now we're
of course the raft area is filling up
that's the game managing supplies
alcohol we can move for the raft but
it's not a SUP it's Daisy part of the
Kickstarter I looked into this because
you can change your dog I have this
Dalmatian which is Daisy and that was a
Kickstarter goal as if you donated
enough you could put your own dog in the
game the be the regular dog is is is a
sob an older like it kind of looks like
an old man his glasses he's a cute dog
but I like Daisy better I like Daisy the
Dalmatian the problem is you know like
it's still called Aesop's bag get over
there
I don't think you've played the right
survival horse maybe that's true yeah I
try to stay
is this a woods or a church oh this was
a fishing camp even better yes garlic I
can eat you
hello I will take all the sapling you
know I'll just eat the day of the Lions
I'll just eat the dandelions
I don't need no more tea
okay
and the wild car like that's good food
that's good food right there this game
is pretty Chernobyl kinsmen I quickly
enjoy it great so now we got a loot loot
Lieut the room kick down the door loot
the room anyone who's played munchkin
knows what I'm talking about
and ever play that a munchkin game
that's a fun game some of the jokes I
think they tried a little too hard for
but still a fun game
just playing some card games with my
boys the other day wrong choice see what
happens when you try to turn away from
the tide my wife and I constantly try to
prepare our boys to be gamers and say
you know getting him into board games is
very important to us and so she found
recently a game called sushi go which
you know like I don't know if I'd ever
play it with a group of adults but for a
kids game it's really fun you have to
kind of like you get you get a hand of
sushis of different different sushis and
sushi knees and stuff and they chant
like modifiers that gives you they give
you points and you pick a card and then
you give your hand to the next person
and then you know you get the hand from
the person next to you then you pick
another card and you try to make your
best and out of that really great for
kids really great just kind of learning
another jar yes I needed in another jar
any two-player games I like to play with
my wife legendary Marvel legendary works
well to player and also time bearings
he's a really good two-player deck
building game we tried out also we tried
out the adventuretime deck building game
which is very fun but it's like extra
fun if you are into the series and so I
think I was a little more enamored with
it than she was but it's still fun I
should probably make some stuff gross
yeah I'm gonna eat them grubs
they eat dim grubs ain't nothing wrong
with eating a little grubs before I lose
everything I need some more space
I do I have a deadly fart jar oh there's
a munchkin Junior I did not know that
that actually sounds great like we we
started playing a Catan Junior with them
and yeah they were they were okay with
that and it wasn't wasn't like perfect
it would look maybe a little too old for
him but Catan Junior was pretty good but
sushi go they're really into that and we
got our sleeping princesses they're
sleeping Queens is what it's called
sleeping queen is that's a fun one so
really simple really simple card games
and fast you know fast card games which
is really important when you have
children oh yeah we just hit the
motherfucking jackpot
pouches pouches ad inventory spots shit
fucking that's that's the mother lode
right there we just got we were handed
this run three pouches Oh a ceratin you
need to try Catan Catan is Catan will
get you into these amazing board games
you know we were we were always monopoly
people we were always risk people you
know those are fine board games they're
they're fine basic board games but then
we discovered Catan and set off on a
journey to find these amazing board
games there's the you know this whole
like a hardcore board game community
hold on team G after dark says are there
any video games that you and your kids
both play that are legitimately
that they are legitimately better than
you at um they they recently got
minecraft which as anyone who's around
kids know that's crack for kids and they
they're starting to build in Minecraft
and make houses for themselves and I
barely know how to do anything
crafts Oh bort bortbort bort bort bort
run away from the bore besides that you
know like I mean they're still young so
not not really I can make us be a trip
monopoly it's not perfect but you have
to play pork pork pork you have to play
by the actual rules you can't have free
parking there are there there are house
rules that have slipped into the
monopoly the monopoly lexicon that don't
belong there and so if you follow the
actual rules of Monopoly it's not that
bad still not great big jazz bore get
out of here I like it I like monopoly
I ain't gonna hate
very important to taint the raw meats
and not your cooked meat fuck yes
we should sleep we should sleep
why can't you reuse traps because that's
the game because you can't you would
think that you'd be able to salvage
something from it you know there's still
rope and sticks so you think you'd be
able to salvage something but you can't
traps are one use items what you just
you know you kind of get used to yeah I
got everything from there already maybe
because they're all covered in blood and
that's gross that's a key you don't want
to use them again because they're all
icky I don't
I like monopoly but I can't play with
people anymore I become a cutthroat
murderer of dreams yes and that's you
know that's the other problem with
monopoly is it kind of relies on this
barter program and the way they balance
the barter program later is just it's
very ruthless and you know Catan also
has a barter system but it seems a
little more balanced
the most important part of playing
Monopoly the way it's intended to be
played is putting properties up for
auction when someone opts not to buy
them yes dick neutral that is another
rule but no one pays attention to what
do I got here some for hide
quit my moron boots
you do not have to dig a hole and poop
in it in this game though I think I
think I would enjoy that more that would
be funny gonna turn light boots into
rags which is totally a normal thing to
turn your boots into rags it's totally
normal because I have a bar hide roots
that's a yeah that's a rule if someone
lands on a property and they opted not
to buy it that property goes up for
auction that and other players get to
bid on that property highest highest
price wins free parking you know
everyone uses as a monopoly they they
you know anything paid like to the bank
or property taxes or anything like that
goes into free parking and then you land
on free parking you get that that's the
lottery and that's not a real rule and
that extends that extends the game like
there's a bunch of things that make the
game longer and that's why everyone
hates monopoly and I don't think there
should be as much monopoly hate as there
is fine game
you should totally play Minecraft with
your kids that's true man ma I mean
there like I said they're in there into
Minecraft and they love you know it's
digital Legos I just love building
building shit I am not into it
drinking some water here really quick as
long as it's raining and fill my water
garden back up
I always loved in monopoly I always
loved the Purple's the the first to
Beloit and Mediterranean like the two
cheapos I get full hotels on them as
soon as I can and I and I'm the slumlord
as soon as people pass go they have to
give me all their money and when they
land on them that's great watch out
there's pricker bushes over here what's
the other oh you know what the other
rule that everyone forgets is I just had
it
Oh houses in hotels you know every
property you can put four houses on and
after you put four houses on you're able
to put a hotel
but usually what happens is once once
people run out of houses they just like
make makeshift houses and say oh well
you know this quarter is a house this
fingernail clipping is a house and
that's a that's a that's not the
official rules the official rules is
once you run out of houses no one can
build the house and so there's a
legitimate strategy there where if you
have four houses maybe you don't want to
upgrade to a hotel to keep other people
from putting houses on their properties
but you know that's another like house
rule that got thrown out that extends
the game
have I been playing this long enough to
say whether or not it's worth it oh yeah
our Miller actually I've already beaten
this game I played this on my own
after doom after I got the doom review
out and I loved it I really enjoy it's
kind of a lighter tone survival game so
I actually really enjoyed this game yes
I highly recommend this damn it is like
I said it is a lighter survival game but
it's also like it's procedurally
generated it's roguelike where once you
die you have to start at the beginning
and then every little dock you hit
afterwards will be different the only
thing that carries over is what's in
Aesop's bag this stuff this stuff if you
die your dog finds you again and gives
you a backpack again and all this stuff
that's in there your dog's backpack
makes it back to you so you can't you
can't fish in this game dreamer TK well
or maybe you can I have not found a way
to fish in this game even though you get
fishing line and you can get fishing
hooks and you can get night crawlers I
was not able to fish in this game
how long did it take me to beat it um I
don't know how many hours do I have it
makeshift tab I have 18 hours into the
game total but that includes you know
the couple of hours I didn't play now so
I'd say maybe 15 16 hours it took me to
be total so but you can't you know like
that it has an endless mode it has many
ways to replay the game which I really
like
poor Aesop stuck in an endless cycle of
watching his best friend's die right 20
bucks is it is it the game 20 bucks yeah
I don't know I I enjoyed it I had a
great time 20 bucks for 18 hours that's
what I've gotten out of it so far and
this one too I'm enjoying and I am again
I am playing kind of on the easier
difficulty just because that's I find it
very relaxing very light survival
as it does have a bit of an annoying now
I don't think I can I don't think I can
get over they see that that guy I can't
get over there later you can get an
upgrade for your raft we can get an
engine on it I I personally think that
20 bucks is totally worth it I could see
someone easily getting 22 to 30 hours
out of this game and it has
replayability so it's that it's an
endorsement from me obviously you're
seeing it like you know what it is here
it's just it was such a nice game kind
of mid mid doom edit I'd be had to dig
the doom and need like an hour break
I was rendering stuff so I just picked
this up for an hour and go to a couple
docks
so it was a really nice pickup for a
short session game for me and coming off
of doom i needed a bit of a break okay
so here we have a marina which is a
little bit different we get upgrades to
our raft nice manna crafts hardware
maybe I want a rudder or a sturdy frame
so I have a bunch of wood and shit in my
raft oh no I
I don't have I still don't have the
controls quite down as you just see I
left and now I can't go back you cannot
go back to a doc once he left it and
what I wanted to do was craft some stuff
in my backpack and put a rudder on my
raft or maybe build a better frame for
it but instead I hopped on my raft and
that fucked me because who knows when
I'm going to come across another another
raft fixing the station yeah this is pc
only as far as i know jack can you
double check on that the flame in the
flood I believe this is PC only I'm
playing on the PC
are you playing this on your iMac I
think I have the same machine as you but
I don't know yes I'm playing this on my
my old iMac I played on the Mac side
this I'm playing on the window side just
because I'm streaming and I needed the
window side for OBS to work but it works
on both Mac and Windows I can fully
attest to that our story here could be a
bore around Xbox one as well oh is it on
the Xbox one as well no well then there
you go
Xbox one and Mac OS and Windows well
obviously
thank you thank you Jeff the quilt of
the Hooper farms not for me Hooper harms
told each passerby write proudly I need
some left over to be put in the fridge
and a concerned about Hooper's
intentions didn't let it show down foe
couldn't heard him spout his notions on
random topics just about each moment of
every day from the look on the pilgrims
faces the quiet of space seemed like a
blessing Windows 7 yeah I I I dual boot
my iMac with Windows 7 which you can do
on all Macs with boot camp as long as
you have a legitimate copy of Windows
you can dual boots you know which I do
for for games and for other programs
that I need to run a Windows side so I
have a partition to hard drive I have a
partitioned hard drive so I can make it
a Windows machine or Mac machine was
that Yuka yoga I don't need no yoga
like that dick neutral hey kids want to
play a game where you look for corn and
quilts well you've got to try the flame
in the flood do you want
non-confrontational combat and eating
corn cakes well get your ass to the
flame in the flood now now on the Xbox
one boot camp boot camp comes standard
with all Macs and it's great it's great
yeah because there are some programs
that will only work on a Windows machine
why don't we sleep for a bit just a few
hours get some shut-eye high-stakes
death quilting mm-hmm hunger coming at
you yeah Gautam Gautam poner de says
ever tried the miniature games mage
night's hero clicks the x-wing tactical
space battles no I have not I don't even
know what those are and I'm very sorry
I'm gonna eat some dandelions that's
what my plan is
oh I got mulberries - that's right
eat some dandelions jouvens and
mulberries
what Marco's Pizza
they're like warhammer light oh you know
I've never played Warhammer either
there's a lot of games i never played
too many games not enough time can't
make it to that one
shit can't make it out that's alright
just keep on keeping them yes we'll take
that salt
nice dodge that you received that damage
I was
I might be making the rafting with a
little too easy this raft handles like
absolute balls as it's supposed to it's
designed to handle like balls
my name is Tate I agree the art style is
wonderful just you know cartoony but
just the right amount of creepy and its
really off-putting in there in the
correct way weights you see the holes
are great
they have us great
handling balls
have I patronized food I haven't
patronized any food truck recently so no
there you know in in my neighborhood
there actually are surprisingly few food
trucks and we are a we are a restaurant
a neighborhood maybe that's actually why
there's surprisingly few little food
trucks oh can I make it to this one
Oh has it been an hour okay if it's been
an hour let's stand up everybody it's
been about an hour let's just stand up
for a moment I don't have my stand up
timer on because I'm terrible
Thank You dreamer TK for reminding me to
stand up
a friend of ours says he saw you in
Toronto is that true no I haven't I've
not been to Toronto recently okay and
I'm gonna start to stand up timer - I
just stood up oh it's actually 10
o'clock on the dot so that's great
but I'm still gonna start the stand up
timer start great got it the guitars
getting on your nerves it sounds like a
douche constantly strumming a guitar
yeah I can't agree with that it's it
works well with the theme in a game it's
very it's very back Water Country
rambling so I get it
two years no six rate congratulations
Captain James May life-changing okay we
are now getting to the more populated
regions and I might just be knocking on
wood here but we have yet to run into a
wolf yet and that really concerns me
just you just think we would want into
one by now just in case actually I'm
going to build up your friend should
extra braided cord
we're gonna be prepared we're gonna
we're gonna try to be prepared make sure
you can search these cars yep
it's a bold screen sometimes you can
search these things you see that little
pulse under the door there's that like
wavy pulse that means you can search
that area
I am hungry I see that I'm hungry I'll
work on that and actually I have to get
some meat I think I have meat to eat
I do consume
what's it like giving up cigarettes for
me it wasn't that bad it was a long time
ago since I smoked and you know you want
you want them is the that's the simple
way to put it you really really want
them and you know they're bad for you
and you know they are killing you slowly
like that and yet you still really want
them even though you know that you smell
bad when you go out and you know that it
costs you a ridiculous amount of money
you can you can know all of these things
yet you still your body craves them
because that's you know what drugs do so
she's kind of wheel oh I think there's
an NPC here
yeah there's a creepy NPC here
that's visit magnet oh yeah look at that
need some grub stranger got some rabbit
left already hit my field you know we're
so nice but I had me this dream yet or
not saw my mama clear is too young and
fair told me how to be more a von peeler
and magnificent already done broke bread
with you want a shit I'll share some
learning sure you get snake-bitten brew
up some dandelion tea sumacs tea better
best for stomach bugs then plants got
magnesium in them finest thing yeah
ain't nothing to it yeah it's right yeah
it's raining
I have a rabbit I do I do have a rabbit
in my
I live down me and one of them rabbits
oh she gave me the rabbit I'm paying
attention I'm totally paying attention
okay so much like the fire here is a
workbench and there is certain things
that you can only build at a workbench
like a metal hammer boom now we got
ourselves a metal hammer once we have a
steel knife we can start building a bow
and arrow and shit I need a bore hide
and nuts and bolts oh I think I have a
bore hide and around great great great
great I want to go get my bow rod and
see here's the other like kind of
bullshit part of the game where you
don't have a ton of storage on you so
you put stuff on the raft but you can
only make stuff at the workbench so I
need four head so I got to run all the
way back to the raft
grandma boar hide run all the way back
to the bench making sure I remember
don't get on the raft and get your boar
hide making sure you remember what it
was that you were
or in the first place ray like I make
jerky
make jerky so like there are some mildly
oh did I oh fuck I used my boride oh
well shit you need a teleporter you know
it's just it's one of those things where
I I get it that they would they want to
make this work shot or you know this
workbench and an important landmark but
it's just a lot of running back and
forth I used my borer hide because I
might be dumb dummy big dummy dummy
I didn't know I was so close to
workbenches that was my problem
no I'm so close to a workbench
motherfuck debate spirit rapidly there's
no more maybe there's a bar on honey
island there's a boy here
maybe there's a boy here
yes thank you maybe I just missed the
bore rip up boots I'm not gonna rip up
my boots I learned my lesson
I'm already starting to get cold I have
rabbits rabbit pelts thank you is the
door sleeping and you know some of the
crafting doesn't really make sense like
here I need a boar hide and some nuts
and then I can craft a steel knife
doesn't make a ton of sense
rabbits we got rabbits here alcohol I
need no alcohol salt and peel
well shit ain't got no boar here I got a
hammer of them got me a metal hammer
yeah my character is now looking a
little ragged because our temperature is
dropping and we're getting tired let's
see if we can make it to one more place
before I need to stop
there's yeah yeah once might have a war
woods might I have one of them boars and
I'm looking for what's worth heard
demonized as your stats start to drop
her demonize become more and more
pronounced as a visual representation of
her declining health
and as you guys are listening to this
song right here and gentle reminder to
all game development
oh shit wolf wolf wolf BC fuck fuck fuck
fuck fuck fuck fuck doc doc doc doc
three wolves
we're gonna look at him wolves they
don't cross the line there's an
invisible line that they do not cross
but look at house fuckers three of them
I can get right up to me there's an
invisible line where they will not cross
actually you know what I'm gonna do kill
them all
here eat that wolf you jerk
how about you Hey
yeah go ahead eat them
so now Oakley up dead and number two
eat my bait did you not die did you not
die you son of a bitch no why did you
not die
oh that baby eat it
did you not eat it because you saw your
friend die eat my fucking baby
I think I can get away with like Lang
askew trap here I don't know if this
will work we're gonna see ya
also obviously as you can see this game
is ripe for the cheesing there you eat
it kill both real ripe for the cheesing
as you see I'm choosing the fuck out of
it
alright great now we got three dead
wolves
ripe right for the cheese it is like
especially there but obviously like I
needed all of those supplies in order to
properly cheese it so like there's a
little bit of skill involved as I was
readily prepared for all of those wolves
bought because I was readily prepared
for them I was able to
four four four four four four four run
run run run bork bork bork wolves and a
boar
fucking trap the cheese inning yes
that's exactly
yes this is the in-game music which yes
gets a little much I guess is the polite
way to put it
attention video game developers please
do not have people sing in your in-game
music it's wrong it just it takes you
right out it takes him right out of the
right out of the game when people sing
in your video game music
it's garlic eats and mulberries like a
lot of the music really works the
acoustic guitar stuff works really well
but then every once in a while he'll go
into an actual song tramp
just don't use words right yeah just
don't have don't have someone singing
actual words I where was that born oh oh
there is a more anymore anymore great so
now I have a bore hide so now if I run
into a workbench again I can make a
knife jar I don't need another jar I'm
gonna leave that chair I already have
too many jars discard jar dandelions we
don't need no fucking dandelions I got
plenty of water
here you have some asshole singing while
you murder animals yeah yeah it's really
it's really out of place like sometimes
if the song starts and you're like going
down the river it kind of works but here
when you're you know surviving and and
crafting items and running away from
wolves for dear life and that guy is
singing it's just it just takes him
right out of the mood all right great
we are duo I need to sleep I need to
sleep
but I got it I can't run into the ants I
see all these hands here I'm gonna get
bit by an ant no oh fuck I am fuck fuck
fuck
yep goodbye fucking ants now I guess
ant stings and a sow that smell oh yes
and so when you get stuff like that you
know I had an stings like right now I'm
wet when you have afflictions your stats
drop quicker and so you have to be very
careful when you have an affliction
except lady t-cell you're right the
master lady Tita is obviously the
exception that music belongs anywhere at
any time
sumac I don't give no fucks about no
sumac - well drink some water as long as
you know and there's mother just to top
me off and I'm gonna jump because I got
dandelions
Oh oh no I saved it save the forehead
but I do have wolf shit now I'm just
great thanks for rabbits
I have wolf stuff now so now I can start
making a wolf look at him
give the three dead wolves so now I can
start making wolf hide clothing which is
really awesome
all right off we go
this week wolf it up but I believe to
make wolf hide clothing I need leather
kits which means I need more rabbit
hides
just fine catch the rabbits well you can
catch the rats see like here you get
like that you know soothing acoustic
shit anything blowing you got a loot
free shit I got some jerky nothing here
key yeah you got a guy singing while
you're going down the river in this
that's acceptable rich yes rich is on
vacation rich is taking the week off so
you're gonna get on today and fuck and
more whoops
is it just one fuck you you know what I
can deal with just one well nope nope
there we go knows more it's gonna be
sorry again look at these fuckers don't
they like me mean I love it
look at them oh he's presenting they
cannot hurt your DAW man he sneeze
creepy-looking
he is just creepy looking I don't want
to deal four volts I'm getting out of
here and wolves do come out at night
during the day you can sneak up on them
and then bill they'll be sleeping back
make a torch
the Wolves look unhealthy surprisingly
they're still alive well the others
rabbits there's a rabbit to eat
taking it easy or taking it slow once
you can't tails here so we want all
these motherfuckers I think there's a
workbench here they said that there's a
workbench here so we want to need
anything I don't even torches fend off
wolves own
jerky boom
killing it I thought there was gonna be
a workbench here maybe I was just hoping
yes over there the workbench here and
how solid just don't need alcohol that's
Hannah at the moment I'm just gonna be
in charge are speaking up don't need
alcohol and he didn't a refreshing glass
of beer and entire glass missed it
mister workbench that would be great
I would love a workbench cool sampling
sampling
motherfucker motherfucker nope
yeah maybe Wednesday we could do a board
game we could do a couple two-player
board games with with me and Lisa I will
talk to her about it we will see I
haven't decided yet they have not
decided what I wanted to do on Wednesday
I haven't even given it much soft
so many cattails
why didn't I take everything from the
car that just because it was jars and
alcohol and so you know I have a limited
I have limited inventory room in my
backpack and my raft and I already have
an extra jar and I have a jar full of
water and I have a jar full of dandelion
tea so I don't need any more jars I also
have now five bottles of alcohol so I
don't need any more alcohol and that's
all that was in there was jars and
alcohol so I just didn't need it
raph to go find and we go to raft or
hide move to raft
discard all right because I already have
ten of them up here inventory management
it is it's a big part of the game so
right now I'm like optimizing so you can
only hold ten so I got a ten chords now
ten saplings and ten saplings and I'm
actually probably get rid of these two
saplings just gonna takes up well I can
consume
it just takes up space in my backpack
and space I need space water as long as
it's raining because that's what you do
when it's raining and
when the salt diamond jerky don't have a
stone him
I think you make a stone hammer I don't
know why I need us don't hammer but I'm
gonna make one so you make tools
nothing nothing that I couldn't make
before that
didn't make another spear craft just in
case make a noose okay I'll make a
mousse a rabbit noose yeah
great and away we go
this or ps4 no stealth quarantine ninja
stealth the Quan nine ninja this is for
Mac PC and Xbox with one I'm currently
playing it on the PC I've also played
the Mac version which works ish it has
some bugs but it's still very good so
very good all right I need to hold onto
three
hold on to at least three nuts and bolts
to make my night and I only have four
nuts and bolts is that what you're
telling the game and believe if I
make a rudder to make a hardware but
then I need to use my nuts and bolts and
I really want that knife because if I
have a knife I could make a bow and
arrows which would be exceedingly
helpful but you can make all sorts of
upgrades for your raft you can make a
water purifier more raft storage a raft
shelter which is very convenient a stone
which is great a sturdy frame nut stuff
foil your after actually I'm home he was
going to do some moderate repairs
is there any sound to the game you
should be hearing or soft wave noises
so soft and wavy type noise is what you
should be hearing
I need more at storage that is my big
goal at the moment okay okay so we need
a workbench that's that's what our goal
is right now we need a we need a doc
with a workbench fuck okay great someone
say synth wave no we can't have a synth
way of soundtrack to the flame of the
flood that would completely ruin the
mood
Krieger seven eight three says dusk errs
is great but not to watch I can totally
see that I am in love with dusters
dusters is a game that I feel like
people really should play because it's
so unique but I can see it not being
that much fun to watch I'm really glad
you guys indulge me indulge me that week
but I probably won't be playing any desk
errs maybe I'll be plankton
because I really like this beer
I'm just going for some light supply
hunt in here
let's vote so they are going
saplings are always useful for traps
lint is always useful I don't care about
the crows kit
oh very mulberry mulberry mulberry
mulberry all berries are great because
they cure hunger and hydration which are
two things I'm going to have to deal
with soon my cattails do I have okay ten
I have 20 cattails and only five strings
so I can take five
five turn those three
now I have tendon braided towards and 20
cat tails in case I need more braided
cord when you're looking in your
inventory the game is not paused you can
pause the game in this menu but when you
are crafting stuff when you're looking
in your inventory no the game is not
paused there is this quick selection
menu here you know like if you need to
eat something or drink your water really
quick or if you need to lay a trap or
anything really quick but yeah the game
the game really wants to kill you oh
here we go
oh so one of the one of the tasks that I
got was to craft the simple tools which
I did and so it gives me a little treat
campfire oh and that actually completed
another goal I fuckin jar like I don't
need a jar
take all the damn villains and I'm gonna
eat them sampling all right let's eat
all the dandelions
I don't know if you oh shit oh shit
whoops whoops whoops whoops whoops
running running running the Wolf's
Wolf's Wolf's running wolves come out at
night that was fun I know I need a torch
don't take these there no I'm not taking
the day I have a jar of water already I
have a jar of dandelion tea and I have
an empty jar just waiting for something
I don't need another jar
I need a workbench the wolves come out
at night the wolves come out at night
should make another spear just because I
have all the stuff all right now I
believe one of these next stops is a
workbench so I can make a proper night
yeah that one with the hammer on it
probably has a workbench or is it this
one
no it's probably gonna you gotta choose
kill wolf and even pack the leftovers in
a jar even legally he's singing again
the motherfucker is singing again do you
hear this there now - I'm gonna have to
fight while I listen to this
motherfucker saying I know where's the
cutoff where does he stop right there
okay so I'm gonna cheese it again and
throw my bait at him options sound music
off I could do that some of the music I
really enjoy though the instrumental
stuff I really enjoyed we got a dead
wolf dead wolf
Probert use attainted need to get it
tainted me
later in the game Devils trumpets become
a little game rare and they're just so
so useful for killing wolves you do get
a little fast run if you hold down the
right bumper and then you see that like
blue line in front of me that's nice
stamina so you can run fast in short
bursts kill this stupid
or before I can make my knife or skin
no and you know what
hunchback Jack the singing is not bad
the songs the songs are not bad it's
just like right now I'm running for my
life from a door and now I have a bloody
bore carcass in front of me that I'm
covering up for meat and hide it's just
it doesn't always fit thematically I
think they should save the singing for
when you're on the river and then cut to
non singing music
when you are oh okay I'm gonna workbench
so now I can make a steel knife
so now I have all my tools stone knife
stone hammer steel knife metal hammer so
now I can make some gift so I know now I
need some feathers I make it bow yet yes
I can make a bowl totally gonna make a
bow
shit yeah I'm gonna make a boar hide
jacket and II know I'm not that cold and
I'm gonna sleep actually I'm gonna sleep
for a little bit they should save the
singing for now this game no no it's
fine
it's climb just now not when a boar is
chasing me
save it save it for for when you're on
the river
a kind of a more lighthearted adventure
venturing setting
that's fine we can use nuts and bolts
dandelions that you know I might as well
take all these dandelions and eat up and
they have rabbits here I'm gonna stick
around it's over already
doo-doo-doo-doo Filch i can you can't
you see I'm sorry you cannot fill the
jar with the earth I would love to fill
the jar with the earth I'm unable to
while we were eight waits to catch a
rabbit
it's dandelions
should make them arrows - yeah bit I
should go make some arrows we can hunt
rabbits with arrows way way it cost less
supplies to kill our rival with an arrow
it's a little bit harder to hit there it
oh I almost don't know can you follow no
you cannot
Reeth namacarya arrow that from the
front to back ee i can i can make a one
arrow well I won't take it looks fine so
I could make a pouch which will give me
extra carrying capacity one more pouch
and I'm full but I need rabbit pounce to
build a letter
My Kitchen kids my my rabbits hold on is
the green arrow if I remember correctly
if a workbench I can make leather kits
and with that I can make wolf's clothing
yes yes yes yes yes
now we are taken care of now I can make
a wolf hide jacket yeah
I can even make a wolf ID hat
motherfucker
how about one five gloves yeah shit yeah
we are in it now can you just accumulate
as much stuff as you want Colonel Roach
mustard no no here is my backpack right
now my backpack has 24 inventory slot so
I can only hold 24 items here's here's
all the stuff I'm holding in here's like
the two free spots if I come across
anything else cool so I can hold 24
thing ASAP who can hold 6 things and my
raft currently can hold 12 things so but
you know as you see here like for
example stuff like cattails I could hold
10 in one slot I could hold 10 saplings
in one spot so like there's a little
wiggle room but you do you know
inventory management is a big part of
the game but ok equip the wool 5 gloves
and go
and they quipped the wolf I jacket that
will keep us warm as shit awesome and
listen to rags
into
also there's really no reason to do that
because I already have 10 ray all right
great
why weird warden eight we're on it down
now we are here on top of things now
kill one more rabbit if I can
Oh dead rabbit just because I could kill
the rabbit
just cuz I want to see if I have enough
to make another leather kit leather kids
are pretty important for making wolf ID
yes for making the wolf hide stuff and I
wolf I well I mean you want we'll fight
everything pants boots hat hat oh I
can't find anything on the wolf hat hat
I think I will find how it would look
really nice so you know the the wolf I'd
had gives us more cold protection than
the boar hi dad did which is now
obviously garbage just gonna turn that
into rags like I mentioned earlier
that's actually the thing that I don't
like about the game is even though I've
equipped all this stuff my character
model remains the same it would have
been a nice touch if we would have
gotten to actually like see the outfit
on us or even even if we got to see the
outfit on the little portrait in the
center of the screen there it just would
have been a nice touch but we don't so
that's then that's that my character
portrait makes it look puffy and stuffy
yeah I mean
you know
of course of course you'd probably puffy
and stuffy I'll just out here in the
woods survive and oh shit I'm hungry
I better eat how about some jerky that's
out straight
shit to the round we have more space in
our backpack great great great
off we go
I think the game did well I mean
obviously the game did well enough on
Kickstarter to be made
I just believe it's one of those like
really small I can't read you can't
reach it
now I'm gonna crash no I'm gonna crash I
think there's just a small team behind
the game and so you know they just
didn't have a lot of time for stuff like
that over overall that is a really minor
complaint I will say it just would have
been nice very minor complaint like if
this were a triple-a title that's
something that I would that will I think
would be expected any sort of if you
change your outfit it should reflect
in-game but it's not a triple-a game
so it's okay and the game is good
I really can't take any show that airs
in the sea deputies seriously you know
are we talking about era are we talking
about flash we saw the season finale of
flash and saw them completely shit the
bed I am a fan of flash get out of here
you can kind of scare them away with
your stick yeah
stay here until daybreak flash is fun
flashes are really really fun are you
talking about felicity oh now flash is a
really fun show but the way this season
ended made me very upset it for some
reason shows and movies based off of
comic books are starting to pick up the
worst traits in comic books and the
flash I won't spoil it for anyone who
hasn't seen the season finale yet but
they did something this season that just
pissed me right off and I'm a fan of the
show but they did something so stupid
that it kind of makes me question
whether or not I will continue to watch
the flash Mark Hamill was fine on the
flash he was playing a low-rent Joker
and so he was playing the trickster but
he was using his Joker voice from Batman
the Animated Series and so that kind of
was off-putting to me
CW will probably bring in a new flash
black or Hispanic maybe that will be the
next thing and no it's they like I said
I don't want to spoil anything because
if someone is watching the show they
won't want it spoiled what we talked
about this a little bit during our tiny
Captain America Civil War discussion and
yeah this won't be any spoilers for
civil war but I was a little
disappointed by Captain America Civil
War the story was really unfocused and
they were all over the place and it
didn't feel it felt like two stories
smushed into one which I feel is a flaw
with a lot of comic books where it's a
lot of stories smushed into one right
now I'm waiting for a day time so I can
go in and loot this place without Wolves
being there
no so I don't want to pause because I'm
waiting so now it's daytime so I believe
the woman
what are they just here
I can't sleep you can only sleep at a
shelter or a fire so I can't sleep right
here I know I need to sleep and I'm
getting no actually I couldn't water
got that
the Civil War was good I really liked
Civil War bought
it is clearly two movies smushed into
one it is very clearly Captain America
the Winter Soldier part two and the
Avengers Civil War and those two move
very very clearly and we could oh and it
stopped raining apparently and we could
have had we could have had two movies
with very focused narratives and instead
we got we got a shit show because they
needed a spectacle
overall it was fine there's no good
reason spider-man should be in the movie
if there's no there's no good reason you
know for a lot of things in the movie
button the riddle of still no I have not
addressed the porn parody yet I
absolutely refused to even glance in
that direction I am on reddit I saw
someone posts a link to it I am NOT
going to watch it
why because why would I that is my
official addressing that
I think I can make
I could make a ramp storage and it'll be
installed
yes
right so I just upgraded my raft storage
which is incredibly useful
now now I need to find a place to sleep
spider-man is not part of the greater
theme of responsibility and
accountability no no he's in there
because they got the rights to you
spider-man
I I know what part you're talking about
it as far as like accountability and
responsibility and they did not dwell on
that nearly long enough if that was
supposed to be part of the thing if
you're talking about the fight and to
Tony's conversation with it on
afterwards we needed we needed it to be
a bigger deal but it couldn't be a
bigger deal because he's two movies
dipped into one spider-man it would have
been great if he was part of the
Avengers Civil War but then the Winter
Soldier should not have been a part of
that okay digging up some can say
he-help know that my dog is immortal he
my dog cannot starve to death and like
the wolves cannot attack him he can as
immortal he cannot hurt you no exact
like Tarr sook says if spider if Marvel
would have gotten spider-man earlier and
we would have gotten a solo spider-man
movie then he would have been more
naturally integrated into the universe
and that's that's exactly wasn't that
why the original director ant-man left
all the Marvel Universe stuff that
didn't fit into the movies he yeah he
didn't like he didn't like Marvel's
control over the property he wanted to
make his movie and obviously Martha
wants to make Marvel movies
rumor has it that Edgar Wright wanted to
do a lot more with Evangeline Lily's
character and that's where some of the
bad blood came from as he wanted to this
is a hundred percent pure rumor as he
has not spoken officially about this but
that he wanted the the wasp to have a
greater role in the movie and Marvel
said no
I slept okay great yeah oh yeah know
that and man needed her she was she have
that and man has its problems too
good night dear any sores Rex thanks for
stopping by
Oh an item is sorry I missed your tip
earlier says anonymous says since most
of the rlm team plays at least one
instrument will we ever see an rlm Jam
probably not both Josh and I are bass
players so you know then we got two bass
players and that's that's what wasn't
robbed I have played the drums in the
past so maybe I could switch over to
drums just to make it easier just fill
out that Miche Jessie's singing
obviously because no one else wants to
hear anyone say
agreed they need to make a five minute
short of Michael pentas character from
ant-man describing Civil War II yes that
would be wonderful
he was a breath of fresh air
Jack the drumming clown butcher yes yes
yes that is me I've been in bands before
I have played the drums obviously not
very well as I've never trained but
neither on the bass so
can we agree new discussion can we agree
that the slick 90s Batmobile is the best
Batmobile even the tumblr had its
negative moments but we just can we just
all agree that we need to stop making
such a big deal out of the Batmobile
really if you think about it like any
car is incredibly impractical for Batman
because if it's a car like even the 90s
one the slick nineties one you're gonna
stick out like a sore thumb and Batman
is a detective ninja he needs to be
incognito well Batman needs is a cool
motorcycle that's the only thing that
actually fits for Batman a cool
motorcycle that hides his cape and cowl
so he can actually blend in and be
unnoticed
no the Nolan's bat will be able to
tumblr the way it's not bad it made
sense in the nolan universe the cycle
from Dark Knight is the best bad vehicle
yeah that was pretty cool but you know
again like the Batmobiles purpose is to
get Batman from point A to point B it
needs to be an incognito vehicle I
remember seeing a mock-up on it online
someone someone said that the actual
best vehicle for Batman would be like a
tricked-out fan
and that would devil's trumpet
well offense and so I got ants in my
pants
being same scared great Devils trumpet
means tainted meat
really a flying vehicle would be best
for a hero like Batman maybe but again
incognito it would need to be a flying
vehicle that it would be incredibly
small as to not raise suspicion as he is
flying through the city and so again you
know like to me that's that's motorcycle
motorcycle is the way to go you know the
best for Batman is a is a minivan you
get a minivan but then you know you
black out all the windows you tint all
the windows and it just looks like a
look whatever whatever the most popular
selling minivan from like three years
ago was that's your Batmobile
you know why anyone sees a minivan
rollin down the street they're not gonna
think twice
it's a minivan who who would think
anything of a minivan then it can fit
all your bat shit you can get like a
cage in the back like you know hold all
your villains it has plenty of storage
for all of your bat gadgets
a bat minivan is the practical choice
for Batman let's start a petition an
online petition to get Batman into a
minivan
oh hey there's my timer and and as we
talk
where are you ringing and as we talking
about Batman's Vinny minivan let's all
stand up let's stand up to make sure our
legs are no longer atrophied
Batman is more about intimidation not
stealth I would say it was an it's a
nice mix of both and yes a minivan is
not that intimidating you know I'll
admit I will admit that
but
I still think I still think he needs to
be able to move around the city without
being noticed it's clear that you're a
wonderful family man if you think giving
Batman a minivan is a great idea it's
you know if we're gonna if we're gonna
bring realism no I was already here into
the Batman universe I think this needs
to be addressed which is he's driving
all around the city in a car that looks
like a bat everyone is going to know
exactly where he is all of the time
how can he expect to stop crime you know
if I if I was a crime boss in Gotham I
would just have people stationed around
the city reporting in whenever they saw
Batman's funky ass Batmobile we would
have constant tabs on him he wouldn't be
able to he wouldn't never be able to
surprise us right empty and that's the
real problem with the Batmobile is he
loses all advantage
all elements of surprise
holiness
see that up there give the mouse to this
that is a sleeping wolf
we do here and I got tanked abate and
throw right at him oh you must meet you
want some meat puppy okay he doesn't
even know he doesn't even know where no
boom kill them
she promised difference Maury
I mean it's here cellphones break so
many plots they do they do and that's
you know what that might be like that
might be like an issue with the Nolan
universe where he you know if you try to
bring realism into something like comic
books and superheroes stuff you have to
start accounting for stuff like cell
phones
the country music + wolf death yes wolf
death I would go see the band Wolf's
death everyone should just have a bet
Batman should just have a baboon that
drives a tank on his side what
that's back in the late thirties it's
it's just one of those things where once
you live if you are a criminal and you
live in a city where Batman or or any
superhero operates who also has a giant
immediately recognizable vehicle it's
very easy to keep tabs on that person oh
oh fuck I made another bow I
accidentally made another bow I don't
need another boat I was seeing what I
could make now that I was at the work
Bash
Batman should take a lesson from Captain
America and steal all of his vehicles
you know it wouldn't that would be a
that would be a way to get around best
Batmobile was the one from the 80s where
he just drove around in a black sports
car I don't know I don't know that one
but but you know that's the point is he
needs it needs to be an incognito thing
does the gear wear out in this game no
your gear never wears out but you'll see
like if you look at my knife here the
light brown is slowly diminishing as I
use them to craft items the the more
dark brown you have the more worn it is
so these like me your tools where will
wear down and your bow will wear down
but I don't believe your clothes ever
wear down at least they didn't on my
first playthrough
move all that stuff to the racks
great great we're doing great keep to
keep Jack distracted so he can get his
character killed right keep talking
about the Batmobile all their bullshit
gonna get me killed
he drove a sports car in the comic that
made sense that would make sense some
fast something that could pass for an
ordinary car but it was still pretty
badass that makes sense to me I am I'm
pro team sports car so the bow is a
spare yes the Bovie is fair I did not
mean to craft that bowl it's just a
sapling and some braided cord so it's
not that it's not like a major loss
button I accidently crafted that
a bad boat
oh you know what I wanted to go to that
campground
that's our we'll see if there's anything
here
we drove a sports car in the dark night
at the movie
I mean drove a sports car and Bruce
Wayne drove a sports guy
this game is making me sleepy yeah it's
very calm fucking hell wolves fuck you
fuck you Wars
now I gotta go I need to see
everything's everything's terrible
fucking Wars
oh great and now I'm entering the deep
country which has few docks and I'm
gonna get exhausted where's rich rich is
on vacation this week rich is not
worrying about any video production this
week spending some time with loved ones
so you're gonna get to Jack Soloff
streams and try to talk Lisa into some
board games Wednesday night so we'll see
if not you just got me ABC always be
crime fighting which rich worries about
video production but rich does rich does
a lot at red letter media build stuff oh
oh we're getting to a plot point again
look forward to a damn day home
no no overwatch I if I was playing
overwatch and I did think about it
because I I know I'm
if I was playing over watched I would
not be able to interact with the chat at
all they would just be far far too much
going on on screen I'd have to pay
attention so I decided no over watch
because then I just wouldn't be able to
chat with the chat at all
actually gonna sleep for a little bit
but who could have rich permission to
leave I'm sure someone did he didn't ask
me he told me he was leaving place them
over ones I'm not playing overwatch you
guys would just be telling me to roll
all the time
all right here's flim-flam Fairweather
Stranger
you strike me as the kind appreciate
Sebata flim flam's the name equitable
trades McCain pardon the little road
block be bitten be glad to spring a ride
open for a small favor
oh whoops yeah I said you're in my way
yep need a spot of help been trying to
get an old radio relay powered up to
advertise my wares that's which needs to
be flipped but I gotta stay down here to
keep an eye out to see what I see what
I'm getting at where's the switch glad
to hear you're on board run up that hill
behind me throw the switch at the top
make sure everything spins up okay do
that very thing and I'll get the river
cleared up for ya i am i up on tips oh
sorry the riddle of steel
okay the ripple of Steel I acknowledge
your tip and we are not about that yeah
let's see here
sure is a V anyway in no time I'm a
straight-shooting C flim-flam honest as
the day is long
yes my character does look like she's
been beaten up a bit I think that it's
purposeful and I'm also hungry I should
eat see jerky I got some jerky
I know know what you said the riddle of
Steel was not racy that's just a big old
nope for me they all nope nope nope nope
nope
okay so flim-flam needs me to go up this
thing here and flick a switch
please proceed to angel yards for
evacuation what's the last CD about
actually I just bought one I just bought
Animal Collective painting with fun
album
they got that florid Dada song just just
a just a summer summer party right there
and then the rest of the out was very
weird I just bought it because I we
still have a CD player and one of the
cars and so my wife like that if I get
actual CDs and then that's the last
physical CD I bought and then I just
downloaded it for me on iTunes the
impossible kid which I talked about
Aesop Rock fuck yeah ASAP ASAP rock
impossible getting really great out
where the hell is rich Evans rich Evans
is on vacation rich Evans is gone he'll
be back and everything's heaven along
now that them folks on the radio saying
no then find good things gonna trade
themselves where the rooms I mean
upstanding citizens that rich is on
vacations hey stop ROC sounds fucking
weird when he raps though he he sounds
great I don't know what you're talking
about he sounds great
and he is great he's the greatest great
this guy's talking me I don't care got
me here some insulated boots give them
to you for a bow get out of here
insulated boots deal seems well stacked
in your favor flim-flam I'm not giving
you a bowl
that shit insulated boots my ass kill
flim-flam and take a stash if only you
could Jack I oh I am totally hip with
the rap I have an extra boat but I don't
need insulated boots I already have what
boots do I have right now I already have
Borah high boots which are significantly
superior to insulated boots insulate
that's a that's a slap in my face
insulated boots get charcoal do you
Aesop Rock is greater than ASAP Rocky I
agree with you but though I still enjoy
ASAP Rocky
long live I think is a really fun
hip-hop album especially if you are into
like the really brash terribly sexist
hip-hop which it can be fun sometimes
long live ASAP Rocky is a really fun
album that's a really fun hip-hop album
take it take it
dude whoo tang ain't nothing to fuck
with and everyone knows that routine
Clan ain't nothing to fuck fuck with
have I ever been to a hip-hop concert
yes I have been I've been to good ones
I've been to some really good ones
usually the concerts I go to our little
smaller like local hip-hop artists but
I've been to some really fine ones no
wait
we have to react but Sarah Chan you just
think pew pew that doesn't mean anything
it doesn't mean anything
now the whitest man alive would have
talked about a tribe called cool genesee
genesee of course the tribe found a
tribe called quest I think some of them
are from the Wisconsin area no you know
I think you know I I enjoy I enjoy all
sorts of music hip hop just being one of
them
I I really enjoyed I I enjoy the craft
of rapping if I can say anything whiter
don't know what it is
I enjoy the crab I enjoy the
storytelling I enjoy me the flow end of
the beat
it's not time to stand up yeah is it
tennis yeah no it's only 11 to play it
is not time to stand up good eh
Farren says good job on the
multi-tasking with the game and the chat
it's that's why I'm doing a game like
this because I can I can multitask play
a little bit check out the chat a little
bit make some clean water am I gonna get
Jay to play outlast 2 maybe maybe we
won't talk to Jay about playing video
games you know what you know how Jay
feels about video games pictures in
general he does not care about them okay
and we're off you could say that Riza is
the wu-tang clan's lead singer you know
wu-tang had a good dynamic and a good
group dynamic I have no tolerance for
these games games are over and I love
games saving not allowed nope no saving
here
they do this sometimes we're like the
the flow the river is really slow and
there's no docks in the foreseeable
future and so like if I wouldn't arrest
it at that campfire I would have started
getting real sick like I have food and
water with me for this stretch because
sometimes you will look really long
stretch without anything and you know
he's here you know like the music's not
playing they want you to feel I want you
to feel alone abandoned
I think ODB was a bigger rapper than
Method Man
Method Man did a lot of stuff outside of
music then I think people might know him
for but if we're talking just musical
names ol Dirty Bastard definitely had a
bigger name if only for like his
appearances on MTV and doing the weird
you know didn't he was all dirty bastard
the one that like went and picked up his
welfare check after he was a millionaire
rapper
oh did my meats fly now my raw meat is
fine but I get a mold I got a mold a
lump
I have raw meat but it spoils after four
days I forget how long I've had it but I
need to do something with it soon oh
yeah I know here it is yep yep I guess I
do have a spoiled meat wait then you
know that's just my kids just got into
pokemon cards what's a good starter game
to get them that's available now like I
started Pokemon game Oh just choose any
of them obviously like depending on how
old they are you might not want to buy
them like the new D s so like see if you
can find like an old Game Boy Advance
like those those old Gameboy Advance SP
s were backlit or you know they had the
lighting integrated into the system by
them at all I'll hold a hold that system
that you can get for super cheap and
then you know get the old Gameboy
Advance
Pokemon games those were great games
have spoiled meat
the poor king
put an end to the reign of bore king
shit dog
does that mean the bore king is here
the quilts of television Tim my stories
is on television Tim told the field reps
who came a-callin he were the kind of
body like things a particular way when
his kin offered him a bigger set he
declined because it meant moving round
his furniture when the broadcast stopped
he went taped reruns complete with
commercials I like that little little
stories of people who died got trapped
in the flood captain oh shit oh shit oh
shit oh shit
barking see that that right there that's
a big-ass boar that's a big-ass boar
shit shit shit shit
well ain't that something special
are you gonna run away are you you're
gonna stay here to like the Wolves
mashed potaters I like that voice that
like old oh oh fuck you for King my
clothes gonna get to you can I choose
you boar King
I'm totally gonna cheese the boar King
I don't know if one track will do it for
him though Oh nope nope he's not dead
yet
alright alright now that's fair that's
fair I will build another spear trapping
will see if two spear traps do we know
why the world is post-apocalyptic we
just know that there's a flood there was
a flood and that's all we know we're
gonna cheese him again
two traps two traps does not get the
barking all right maybe a third trap
will get the barking hello barking I'm
sorry to cheese you but sometimes you
one must cheese hey come on trip-trap
here there we go three spear traps to
kill the boar King for raw meats and
three boar hides that's beautiful
that is me beautiful nice that fucker I
can't you cannot you cannot directly
attack your enemies in this game you
have to use traps but I did it I have
murdered the boar King for what that is
worth I actually don't know if it's
worth much I mean it's worth a bunch of
meats and a bunch of hides I'm gonna
have to cook that meat or else it's all
gonna spoil bulbs bulbs not some bugs at
this point I could really do some
related if I if I had some Flint I could
make some arrows sorrow okay I can make
some jerky make some jerky while I can
I think I might have a fire in here the
bore had three kids and a wife well I
don't care that bores marital status
family status is no concern of mine
I do it over I gotta cook some Nate
quick put on they might be giants flood
to fill the mood yeah you know you know
then we'd have a DM and digital rights
management claim on our hands or cooks
and meat
I also think it's kind of lazy that
there's no going into buildings I'm okay
with that you can you know you loot the
building if there's a door open going
into buildings would kind of be
redundant so I'm gonna be okay with that
Tom Waits is gonna issue at the air I'm
on the stream because my voice I need a
I'm not gonna eat this for but I am
gonna need a few meats and right now
what's wrong with her face is she was uh
she she's tired I'm asleep for six hours
why because then it's less dark
that's what you already get the fuck out
of here
fucking fuck your body temp is 100 100
and your thermometer looks red the icon
looks sick the icon looks sick because I
need water I don't have any water oh and
it was raining god dammit I wasn't
thinking I need water but I have longer
so it's okay now watch after I drink my
water then my icon starts to look a
little bit better
if the motor is getting down there my
body temperature is not a hundred
percent anymore you have one more filter
one more felt that returns I can get one
more stream water out of my filter but
that's okay I got that
shark hole at a campfire you can get the
charcoal and then you can make a water
filter with charcoal cattail of Rights
filters if you have the right tool you
can use the spoiled meat to make a
poison bait trap to lure and kill
Commerce yes young bubbles actually what
you need is something called the devil's
trumpet which is a purple plant it's a
plant with a big purple flower on it you
mix that with any meat cooked meat or
raw meat and you can make tainted baits
which wolves will eat and be poison from
that is amazing that is an amazing an
amazing tool for killing wolves that I
use a lot Len I cannot tell you I know
we are working on scheduling the next
the next best of the worst right now I
have no idea I remember correctly if you
go over here you can win stuff
I have no idea when it will be or what
or what we're doing for the next best of
the worst but we are working on it's
getting schedules together right now
I think that the problem with these
survival games is that the developer
makes most of the mechanics within a
vertical slice and as a player you don't
ever get to the kind of point maybe I
missed part of that conversations like
most of these survival games take hours
to open up to the real meat of them well
I think that's actually something that
the flame in the flood has in its favor
which is and and this hasn't happened on
my run yet but it is roguelike and it is
procedurally generated so if I die the
world starts over again and I think
that's something that this game has in
its favor is learning from death and you
know like I'm doing well this time but
my first playthrough I must have died at
least 10 times just because I didn't
know any better and now of course I kind
of know what everything does I know how
craft items I know what items I need to
have on hand in case I run into a snake
in case I run into a wolf but a lot of
those lessons learned or through death
early on so I think actually that's
where this game succeeds
Jax people have to call mics people in
coordinate with richest people yeah well
you know there's there's a lot of
there's there's a lot of schedules to go
through a lot of schedules
best of the worst is an all-day affair I
think we've talked about this before
we're in town okay I don't need any more
cattails I could at you
alcohol and old lumber
guess what any abled body American needs
a just give me some two by fours and
some fuckin hell I mean I was just
opening up the one thing you have to
hold down the a button to open up the
workbench and then I held down for too
long and accidentally crafted a bandage
I mean it's not the worst thing in the
world they having an extra bandage but
still I do not want a bandage at that
time
how many hours do I have logged into the
game I don't know shift-tab I currently
have 20 hours into the game including
tonight's session I have beaten up
footballs yeah look at that the wolf is
just eating something else like the
animals can fight so that might have
been a boar I'm gonna rabbit and the
wolf is just eating something else so I
am going to run away but now if I run
into a crow the crow could tip that wolf
off just know that there is a wolf
pretty sure your character is dying slow
no no look at her look at the portrait
now now she looks fine she's well
hydrated she had plenty to eat she has
plenty to sleep she's warm right now
we're fine
okay so the thing about the thermometer
people keep pointing to the thermometer
let me tell you a little bit okay so
this up here I got the models here this
up here
is the current temperature and when it
when the red drops that means it's
getting colder this yellow line is where
my current equipment gets me and so I'm
good until the red drops below this
yellow line because right now I
currently have a wolf ID hat bull five
dogs boar high boots boar high pants and
a wolf eye jacket so like right now I'm
pretty good clothing wise eventually you
do run into bears and bears are really
tough to kill but so I couldn't I can't
get some better clothes but right now
I'm actually pretty well stocked as far
as equipment for the trip is concerned
the other thermometer the one on the
body cam yeah and it's all red which is
good once this red starts to don't worry
about the picture of the thermometer
it's just this red circle like see the
the green circle here for my food it's
when this outer red circle stops it
starts to drop that's when we need to be
concerned I can make a boar jacket the
wolf jacket is better than the boar
jacket I think that's what we're
confused about is whether or not there's
overheat oh no there is no so sorry you
know there's no overheating in the game
there is only cold you only have to
worry about the cold it would be very
interesting it's like the weather turned
up and you had to like unequipped your
your nice wolf high jacket if it got too
warm but I don't think
I don't believe that as a mechanic and
if it is it does not affect you at all
so then it wouldn't be so no that isn't
that is not a mechanic can you can I
guess war all I've heard really can I
guess a war crafts rotten tomato scores
ultime sir I I've heard really bad
things I'm going to assume it's that I
know nothing about the Warcraft movie
all I've heard is really bad review so
I'm going to assume is that 40% ultimate
ease are forty to forty-five percent
how close am I not watching the chat now
so I'm not totally paying attention what
is it 19 percent shut the front door it
is at 19 percent poor Warcraft who would
who who why why are we making the
Warcraft movie why is this a thing
19% sweet jeebus crisp no neither richer
I have ever played Wow not that it
matters but it's a seven point nine it's
a seven point nine on IMDB isn't that
wonderful how disparate those numbers in
our 19% of run tomato is seven point
nine nine I pause for one more I will be
right back I need to refresh my back
rush
the CG looks like crap in the trailer
it's it's it's a Warcraft movie the
audience for the movie is very limited
but they I feel like it's very limited I
can't imagine anyone outside of really
the Warcraft community is watching the
movie
oh that's right they kind of had like
sexy female ones
sapling
I just want to know what it's gonna be
about what's the deal at the Warcraft
movie you're funny we got some bunny
rabbits
is your home bunny rabbit right there
all right bunny rabbit I need some more
rabbits
build us a rabbit trap
saltines I can make you eat
oh no I cooked on that okay I can't
you know what never mind I didn't want
to make jerky I did not want to make
dirty everything's fine okay you know
what I think actually that's the only
good question with the Warcraft movie is
did they make a Leroy Jenkins joke
that's the only thing that you know like
the the common man that's the only thing
they know of World of Warcraft oh it's
night time now
oh well fuck you I'm a I'm a trap then
rabbits don't come out at night yeah she
looks like she has pinkeye because she's
getting tired and she's getting hungry
which is fine I could sleep in the bus
here I just wanted to see if I can
scavenge anything else no there's not
really anything and she's hungry but
I'll sleep first then eat sleep for six
hours just to make the nighttime go by
faster
and now see now she looks out
you do to get the hydration
great and we're off
did your kids ever kids forget
oh yeah I mean listen once your kids
start going to school they catch
everything now like they catch big guy
all the time it just happens it just
happens your schools are nothing but
petri dishes and that's fine
I don't need it I don't need a moldy
longer we're gonna gonna put that out
there why am i caring that around why am
i taking up space caring around spoiled
meat oh here we go I think that plenty
of supplies to build shit and my raft
could use the repairs this dock right
here yeah the kids still get lice they
do they do and you know if one kid gets
it like fur for our school we have lice
outbreak last year
and
our kids had to bring their backpack in
a garbage bag to school every day for
like three months because this is one
family kept getting lice
that's just annoying yeah and you know
like you know a kid gets like that clean
it up but it's like big like it was the
same family kept getting lice and
everybody knew it and eventually there's
just one of those things really does
someone need to have a talk with this
family
so yeah that still happens then the
other lice checks every night because it
you know once it's once it's in your
house you just cannot get it gone knock
on wood
all that element shit still happens
that's the thing young bubbies where
it's like that was you know I I don't
have hair so it's like if we ever did
get it I'm fine
they would never attached to me they can
make a sturdy frame I do want to make a
sturdy
and some moderate repairs tomorrow
because you never know when you're gonna
run into some shit I couldn't make up my
mind our bears would just be a hug % or
I could
and we'd kind of like a little water
oh yeah the singing is back I know how
do you get rid of lace you you need a
special soap and you need to clean ever
you need to disinfect everything
anything Godhead has touched a hat Abed
if the kid each to their head and then
touched anything like everything is to
be disinfected and you need to use a
special soap or you need to completely
shave the kid's head it is not a fun
situation from what I've heard
right great
it would be fine like for me it's fine
no no one's hair off my head
but yeah for those with hair it's a
whole to do
it's a whole to do
I'm into rabbits
and that's why you were paying you ship
right
oh actually great because it's raining
get some water
going to net money the guy on this music
track has ins with the devs I don't you
I'm sure or perhaps just the devs were
fans of this guy's music and you know
like I feel like I looked at the
Kickstarter and I believe like one of
the pledges was like an exclusive
soundtrack with the musician so I don't
believe he is like a I don't think he's
a composer this musician I think like
he's just a very good musician oh shit
oh shit oh shit oh shit oh shit don't
but that's okay because I'm going to
change you activate
and throw the things abate
achievement
I love it that achievements are firing
I enjoy treatments in games I know rich
doesn't necessarily care about them but
I like achievements in caves and it was
really upsetting to me when the
achievements were not popping in this
game due to up on there now rabbits
I need Flint I haven't decided lack of
decided like a flint and I am this is it
right here look at it's this bright
purple flower Devils trumpet you can mix
that with raw beets and make tainted
needs and that kills a wolf instantly
its fries no wait the boy still super
okay I need I need Flint for my bow and
arrow I had a bow and arrow I could take
care of this bar very easily bork bork
bork bork bork bork hey
you dickhead boy come here come here
chase me chase me boy I know you know my
trap is right here come here come here
what is wrong with you Jarek you know
this is this is smartboard
come here fall into my trap come here
and fall into my trap you horrible dick
in Irish that's sick
that took a lot more than I had thought
up would Nick still have for the boar
has adapted it's in Flint so I can make
arrows that's what I really need here
yes well but here are some rabbit holes
all right if I build okay I can build
some snares here catch some rabbits
dammit boy let me kill you
I hate that's exactly what I had a
perfectly perfectly good trap there I
wanted to kill a boar boar had other
ideas
lay down some rabbit traps for the
morning here all right
now I can catch some rabbits we're gonna
need some rabbits for later on I'm gonna
sleep for a bit
would rlm ever make a serious film I
mean like a drummer or romance well they
made their recovered that get you to
rabbits and I just want the recovered is
a serious film you know it's like a it's
like a suspense thriller I think I
actually don't know what you would call
it but I think it's like it's supposed
to be like a suspense horror film so yes
Haarlem would make well there we go now
I heard it I heard the rabbit
the recover doesn't count why not
that's a Serie they they made it they
tried to I mean obviously that's you
know that was a while ago and it's
relatively low budget but I think that
counts is a serious movie it should
count as a serious movie no don't make
pouch no don't make pouch
okay time to get out of here what is
this
what Oh I've never you know I've never
seen a nostalgia critic you know rich
and I have talked about this before
where it's like well you know we just
kind of don't watch other people's stuff
because it's what we do but I have good
things or bad things I don't I just I
just don't I also just don't pay
attention I mean I should really start
paying attention to anything
okay okay we're doing good
I think we obviously work we're on what
a good run
fine
I'm almost like I'm almost like upset
now that I did I'm on the easier
difficulty there's two difficulty
settings I'm on the easier to protect
you probably should have done my face
block the pace
like how you did oh my god leftover B if
you have you guys seen creed if finally
fucking finally got around to seeing
Creed over the weekend one I'm a huge
hockey fan I've seen and loved all the
Rocky movies for very different reasons
and I had never gotten around to seeing
Creed and Jebus crisp that is a
brilliant movie it's a great Rocky movie
a great way to move the series forward
had me just blubbering like a baby I was
so into it that life could be Jordan
just into it
you should watch one you should watch
all the Rocky movies because all the
Rocky movies are great for very
different reasons make sure you
understand that they're great for
different reasons
you know I have I don't I don't want to
waste my saplings on snares to get
rabbits because I need spear traps in
case I need to kill like real press but
I will need rabbit pelts eventually I
have only up to
it's better than their I think you know
what I think Creed is up there with the
original rocky original Rocky is a is a
whole beautiful movie to its own and the
Creed is up there with your whatever
rocky just you know tells a great
character piece and also heads dudes
punch in each other
I did see Rocky Balboa but I was on the
reefer so it didn't sink in see rocky
first Rocky is a beautiful movie you
could skip all the other ones than go
see Rocky Balboa
which is another beautiful character
movie you know cuz they're simple
they're simple stories just about
characters that happen to involve dudes
punching the shit out of each other
which is the beautiful thing you get
both the shit out of each other
nice character isn't that all we want
Creed is basically a remake but it's
also a passing of the torch Creed creed
is what we should have gotten with like
an Indiana Jones in the Crystal Skull or
pays homage to the original it does its
best to emulate the original but it does
so in a new generation and a new style
and it passes on the torch fucking
fantastic movie I
I know nothing about Black Panther as a
character I'm gonna shit about Black
Panther now that I know the director
Creed is making bio that Black Panther I
care about that movie now so fucking
good and it's just upsetting cuz that
everyone said it was good but you never
got around to it
enjoy
Rocky is amazing yeah sly was nominated
for an Oscar for writing it and you're
right and then Creed no one gets nude in
a fridge she said you know it's like
woodwind Jesus oh there we go look at
that good I'm right here
I'll try to get close enough so you can
see him this guy right here a snake
that's why I get the dandelion tea if a
snake bites you you get poisoned and you
eat your your hydration level drops
immediately and your your your what do
they call it hunger fatigue your fatigue
drops immediately and it is a pain in
the ass and the snakes you know like
they don't often make noise and look
they're hiding here's another one
look at snakes they're really the really
fun thing is actually if if you can uh
if there is a boar or wolf here the
snakes can take care of them for you
like if you can get a boar to run into a
snake a snake will bite it and and kill
the boar hurry and you just gotta scare
off the snake
that's what I get about the current
Hollywood studio system they didn't
nurture the current generation of
directors and now are just picking
anybody who had a smell success that
they got massive pictures in their
matter they don't turn out you know I I
think some of that though is is the
producers fault if they're if they're if
the producer isn't going to be there to
help a new director out when they do get
a big movie up that's what that's what
you get with with fantastic right the
director had a mild success with
Chronicle fastening and then gets a huge
Hollywood franchise movie and buckles
under the pressure the bond was that
because the producers weren't there
assisting them it's something I'm not
necessarily worried about with the
Marvel movies because they have such a
system in place to get what it is
they're looking for where I think they
are there to help the director obviously
whether the director wants it or not
that's why some directors can't handle
it but
but I think you need a strong producer
if you are going to cherry-pick the
young tab and you need a young town
in the case of Crede if I if I were a
producer and I saw Creed I would give
that director anything to make a movie
if he can if he can pull it back
together that director can handle
I don't know who do Lauren theas was was
it was either producer or Fame for
tastic
well you know they it like they are and
they are you can still have your
Guardians
you can still have your ear fringe
movies where the director gets to shine
a little bit and I think Black Panther
is gonna be one of those situations
because Black Panther is an undead a
relatively unknown character and off in
were kind of it he's doing his own thing
so I think that I think he's gonna be
able to get away with a lot that say an
Iron Man or a Captain America isn't able
to get away with as far as director
flare is concerned
I've forgotten so many things
we don't speak of those Marvel movies
yeah Black Panther made perfect sentence
in civil war money for what any
framework
I need a raft framework
I don't get and who's who's Colin
Trevorrow what movie did he do to get
episode
I have no idea where that person is
if I if I sit here and twiddle my
thumb's for a couple minutes
it will be morning time that's so that
is what I'm going to do
Jurassic world
jeez
maybe with a better script you could do
something I see I know my body
temperature is dropping but it's gonna
be morning soon and once the Sun comes
up my body temperature will be fine I
have I have wiggle room there I mean I'm
I'm worried about finding a place to
sleep
now I don't want to go in there what I'm
sure there's gonna be wolves cuz there's
always fuckin wolf sleep in the game so
I'm just gonna wait for morning good
night gun get in that 38 thanks for
stopping by
good night jack trigger Joyce thank you
for stopping by oh my god and I have
completely missed a bunch of tips sorry
that my tip isn't working right or my
tip notification isn't working
let's see here Sarah Chan says hey Jack
thanks for the coaming stream tonight
looking forward to Wednesday's also
can't wait for you in which to do
another episode of Phoenix right again
soon don't want to forget about the
story evidence yes we will be doing more
Phoenix right anonymous says Jack is
that cute adorable dog cook a bull like
if there's not a food around that would
be horrifying know the cute adorable dog
is not cook able and surgeon says PS
this darn 200 character in women I did
not know there was a character limit for
your tips
empty yes we need things on saplings and
now right now I'm looking for lumber I
could really go for some lumber to fix
up our raft thank you
oh and apart you know what I just
actually don't want to deal with that
borrow no can't we just go back to where
you are I don't care about you bore I
need a place to sleep
great got some lumber
because it heart saying some things at
you because then I'd have to edit shit
anyone could and some people have all
these acronyms oh yeah yeah
I believe it
I just don't I just don't know all the
acronyms
okay good here's a place
oh fuck you're right I should have
gotten some water while I was still
raining oh I wasn't thinking wasn't
thinking just thinking about sleeping my
mind was sleeping what are you over here
now yeah fuck you or I don't care about
you I don't want anything you have that
boy thinks he's hot shit I ain't got
what you sell him I want it brain there
we go now we can make some shit now
gonna make some shit the road when we
shoots could be bad but in this stage
every one of knowing everything I bet
it's the kind of stuff that we used to
happen movies all the time like we
talked about last dream what it means
for sure is a drastic change in
direction
consume meat
that's all we know for sure and I you
know I don't think that is necessarily a
good thing
it could turn out to be good sure but
but what
how what I just used that's the chink
yet how did I use that stitching kit
what did that what did I stitch up what
did I sometimes sometimes I just don't
get what this game I just I just I just
don't get it
shadowy leave five Jack says would you
be able to do more of this solo extreme
game this game is enjoyable to watch and
it's perfect theme for your solo stream
and your stream it's awesome oh thank
you you know the game about going down
the stream on the stream is fun
I used to do actually Sundays used to be
a Jack Soloff stream day but then then
we just turned it into a regular day
perhaps yeah perhaps we can do just like
a regular Jack a solo stream if that's
something you guys would be looking
forward to I know like my streams are a
little more low-key
perhaps
Lord I am still calling I am still alive
shockingly I'm still alive
I'm looking for Flint regular rich soil
streams - oh I agree by the way I
totally agree thank oh okay there's a
wool I'm gonna try oh and if there's an
eating well so I'm gonna try not to wake
up those wolves
I see you mr. snake
the quilt of good field Roger for a
religious fella
good field Roger spent a lot of time
argued didn't seem to grant a much peace
doll holler dilly was red in the face
about how what was the current wasn't
actually occurring said so in his ear
bookie roared
no more earthly disaster not for the
evacuation sinkhole took his house and
with it still here shouting some says
this game does kind of pick on folk who
don't believe in global warming which
yeah why I'm gonna be okay with what
like if I could chase some of the
rabbits over here and get the snakes to
kill the rabbits for me then I wouldn't
have to waste the resources to make a
tramp it seems like a lot of Oh actually
there's just there's this thing oh shit
so here's our the crow comes into play
if you don't scare way to crow fast
enough
the wolf hears the crow and comes to
investigates yes this game by the way is
100 percent confirmed for liberal
propaganda I'm more than ok with that
that wolf did not see me wait why are
you there now
shit hi-hi-hi I will I I run run I am
method yep I spend time practicing in
the bayou
yeah you know what this part of the
soundtrack I'm actually perfectly okay
with I think this is fitting it's a
little I agree it's a little too upbeat
bad I'm fine with it Michelle what am i
a shield for I'm sure I'm a shield
what do you need me to be a shield for
I'll shield for you
can I get it nope oh I crash that's fine
that's fine little crash little crash
crash never hurt nobody
so the the yellow bar underneath my
portrait right now is that is the health
of my raft bad good
there is a repair shop over there so I
can
over here there we go get it repaired on
sounds like the beginning of drinkin
Stein very were fine everything's fine
about here we go now we can get a rudder
so now we can steer a little easier
if you got the nuts and bolts
you know hunchback Jack I don't know if
you're being sarcastic but I do love the
visuals I love the art style of this
game I think it's a very striking
very stupid Obi
you know Godzilla we I met my boyfriend
I got two more sorry we've been cute
we've been marathoning for the 90s
Touhou Godzilla movies this weekend and
we just not Godzilla vs. King Ghidorah
and if you've never seen Godzilla
Godzilla vs. King Ghidorah the plot
involves time travel fucking wolves but
the actual plot involves a heavily time
travel which you would not think
possible in a Godzilla movie
one of the most batshit insane plots to
a movie I've seen in recent memories but
somehow my boys were able to follow
along
but involves people from the future
coming to the present to stop Godzilla
from destroying Tokyo and Godzilla was
actually a dinosaur that was mutated
after a high H bomb dropped I know there
the white wolf oh fuck oh is that the
white oh hey hey come here come here
where did he go
where did he go what I gave up
first of all what the fuck was that
what foam say the Waffle House I'm kind
of a ghost ain't easy to kill a ghost
well they say if you manager the firm
will give you powers okay
so I gave the wolf some tainted meat and
it ran away and survive to the tainted
meat
well fuck well great
that was apparently the white wolf and I
was unable to kill it with tainted meat
so I just wasted a meat fuck you - I
won't what the fuck
she's confusing me more than anything so
in any case people from the future come
to the present to stop Godzilla from
ever being born and Godzilla was a
dinosaur during World War two yes that
is real and the h-bomb turned the
dinosaur into Godzilla and so they
teleported the people from the future
teleported the dinosaur into the ocean
so it would never turn into Godzilla but
secretly planted some little bat-like
creatures on the island to make King
Ghidorah because they actually didn't
want to save Japan they wanted to they
wanted to ruin Japan because Japan was a
major world power in the future but as
it turns out Godzilla found radiation
from somewhere else and still turned
into Godzilla and then he fought King
Ghidorah that was actually trying to
destroy Japan and Godzilla won but then
Godzilla started to strengthen Japan so
the people from the future needed to go
back to the future and recover the body
of King Ghidorah and make a mecha King
Ghidorah to fight Godzilla who they were
fighting in for yeah I don't care about
spoilers this movie was made in 1991
this is Godzilla vs. King Ghidorah the
1991 tell hell Godzilla movie it's
beautiful it's absolutely beautiful it
was insane but like the surprising part
is you could actually follow the plot
is this a fever dream you were
describing no this is an actual thing
that happens you have to look it up it's
fun it's a really fun I mean you know
Godzilla movies are always fun
especially especially the like the 90s
ones I think we hit a real stride as far
as still like watchable
but but also you know they use the
miniatures this it's a guy in a suit
you know guy in a big rubber suit
here watch this baby I don't care about
this big
all months I did not watch Katella we
watched it was Godzilla versus King
Ghidorah and we watched Godzilla and
Mothra
which is my cook I'll never cook
Godzilla Mothra is Godzilla and Mothra
versus Batra other moth or a type giant
worm thing it's a whole it's a whole
thing it's a whole thing
I'm glad I'm back Jack I'm glad you like
the style this game I like I'm really
diggin the Styles game - where's brainy
drink the water and gather
we have a couple other 90s - Oh like you
got till 2000 Godzilla vs. Mechagodzilla
fun the fun stuff I'm glad that my boys
like that kind of stuff or else I'd have
to watch it alone
I am looking forward to the new Tahoe
lanai you know the the problem is part
of the fun for me is the guy in a big
rubber suit and I just don't think we're
getting bad anymore
fuckin jar
I ain't no Biddy who needs a jar
saplings are good I need some money I
need some motherfucking Flint's up in
here that's what I need up in here
rabbit what well that's disconcerting
look at this it's a car with a bunch of
skulls and I'm like dad man
only then look at that man up there yeah
that's skeleton man
well let's that's mighty concern and
don't you think
not a whole lot I can do without blender
I'm make flint that's something I can
craft that would be great and then they
buy the wood crafted let's go for this
is a schematic of everything I can craft
side it's just gonna check check in your
ear
no you cannot craft foot
he was another story the quilts of
tinfoil that few folk were more
convinced of others trying to control
their thoughts and old pattern been
wearing a tinfoil hat to delegate
government Mon beams for near forty year
when word came down about the evacuation
reacted by how you'd expect about all
the aluminum of fellow could carry
hunkered down in his bunker ain't been
sees this that's just cute cute little
flavor I don't okay with that kind of
store flavor then foil the head pain
there's a workbench but ain't got
nothing to make ain't got nothing wants
to make you know I don't need no water
right now I just drink I need a place to
sleep
I can build a fire wait
I need a place to sleep
you saw battleship why would you do such
a thing Alta maser why would you do that
to yourself to your loved ones
why would you put us through that pain
of knowing that another person has
watched battlefield why why would you
why would you do such a thing
we need a place to sleep
hello bus look like you are a place to
sleep
and you were you were a place to sleep
great plant plant plant shit yeah now I
can make some I can make one arrow now
more flames
yes Flint Flint Flint Flint fuck you
this boy is just upset because I don't
want it you know I don't want anything
to do with it
I'm interested in what you're selling I
don't need you bull meatball hide I
don't need enough about you a bowl and a
sand on top
no I'm saying mmm
drinking water
and fin jar
and now 100% cheese
I don't know yeah like and i-i've been
saying that a lot oh my cheesing does
everyone know what cheesing is is when
you kind of exploit the game's rules to
do something that probably should be
difficult to easily it's very easy to
choose in this game because there is a
clear border in which the wild animals
stop chasing you
I don't know if that is a known term oh
shit oh shit
Wolf Wolf hey wolf look a snake
I probably shouldn't be daring myself oh
yeah but shouldn't've been doing that oh
good the snake got the wolf you need to
be a joke at Babel okay fine
oh fuck another wolf not another one
okay everything's fine - tainted baits
and I don't need it
and a laceration so I needed a bandage
but I had a bandage so it's okay
I should take some my rags and turn onto
bandages
run away I know I was pushing it I just
wanted to see if the snake would kill
the wolf I actually don't even know if
this naked
and with million rags and alcohols the
airs I should make some bandages
I'll have to evil did Tim that doesn't
much
you're absolutely you're absolutely
right dr. fector some lumber to make the
raft a shelter upgrade I need to play
second sleep in which I don't need to go
and look for shelter inside that would
be preferable soon I got organize my
shit here all my shits out a lot order
my knives almost gonna break
motherfucker
ow I don't know if you heard that that
was my jaw y'all just cracked alright
alright alright alright
lumber lumber lumber everybody think
lumber I start searching for lumber also
if my dog Oh snake that's why my dog
would stop growling at everything so
much shit we have so much shit Michael
Flynn tonight and I can't use a bit like
I don't need all these stitching kits I
have a million stitching kits I feel
like I haven't fucking fucked out
whatever I'm taking all the stitching
kids fuck help snake Wow garlic it's
hard to say no to food any food it's
hard to say no to did I miss the
stand-up timer god sorne it calm first
of all it is 12:30 in the a.m. so my and
my stand-up timer is going to be
standing up to go to bed
it is late a shit
and he's look at this I guess Benny all
right his lady shit yes
I missed my stand-up timer so instead of
standing up I will thank our subscribers
I had no idea this is how I know when
I'm really into a game because I lose
all oh God
and I didn't beefcake a beefcake I
didn't have my watcher and I didn't have
my talk drum
I'm so sorry what's the thing that I
type into the chat does anyone remember
I usually rich tells me what do i type
in the chat that gives me a list of all
the people that subscribe
what do I'd say there's like something I
have to type in type in hashtag Jack
fail
I know exclamation point subs thank you
oh yeah yay
will I play more of this game on
Wednesday I don't know I don't I cannot
tell you for sure you know me I like to
I like to play new games
so I just cannot I cannot tell you for
sure okay let's see who we have here
today we have rich Evans is God Lee
Lewis Linden after Evans Genghis
Borgnine for 19 months in a row leftover
beef cake for 19 months in a row John
kilo 25 fucking months in a row so low
56 7 mr. Beebe's welcome to the one year
club at 12 months in a row the real van
bad gamer korean ali raza
arrant pacifist 25 5 25 of fuck eat
months in peru we were aaron pacifist
jerkwad alive I like that I like that
this new subscriber crispy Friedman the
real that boy Marat Velma's that almost
sounds like a name backwards mirror at
Yale mass on the powerful rain drop for
20 fucking months in a row
God Fatih thought it to 17 months a row
dr. Gunter hunter hunter
nope dr. Gunter hunter hanker
how'd it be even it's too late
it's too late dr. gunther hunter hanker
and I am got thank you all for
subscribing thanks everyone for coming
out tonight
I know these are a little more low-key
and not maybe not as entertaining as the
regular stream but I appreciate you guys
coming out anyway and I will see you on
Wednesday
have a good night all
