Sep 7, 2016
FTL: Faster Than Light
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/92836955
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/92840111
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=joOsp55-ohU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-LNiKDwxJiA
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/773597405405179904

[Part I]
so presumably we have started Oh is
everyone doing today I hope you're
having a fine day I am soaking wet
because it's raining like cats and dogs
here just the the trek from the car to
the door got me is just just fucking
soaking wet it's it's
unfuckingbelieveable Zelda to what why
does everyone bringing up Zelda to be
somewhat but not entirely shitty Zelda
game that is bizarrely different from
its predecessor babyface rich yeah I
know I instantly regretted i'm probably
going to start growing something back
but them's the breaks jack is running
late tonight I told me was gonna be
running late it's gonna be some time
after eight and I don't want to start
too late it and feel like starting too
late so just say you know what Jack I'm
gonna start streaming you could join me
later and someone's segment is beef I
have it unlocked on this particular hard
drive will do that will do that I don't
know if I do wish ships less skinny a
list i think i just have a on this one
not that I else would suck systems only
got the two person transporter it's a
crock of shit it's a crock of shit is
what it is where's my trusty keyword I
don't manage ship or different ship what
we want
playing hurt you know what it's been a
probably nine room two long months it's
been months since i played I'm not I'm
not jumping right into hard that would
be insanity a different ship different
ship I've seen a lot of slug ships oh my
god I don't believe I have a slug ship
right now we got stealth we got Zoltan
we've got Lenny asst yes I have the twat
sure going first things first I need a
ship
24 Zoltan a lot of zoltan's froze over
why not why do I have fucknut and an
honor of the weather the flood we're
going with the flood all right and crew
see watcher should have a randomizer
which we will use
um let's say
subs and mods we're going to pick
between subs and mods poopdick poop did
5079 you are a lucky winner see I've got
a left of UK it made our washer and
that's going to it's going to randomize
her it's kind of neat I could pick babes
it's none of this who said what first
shit and poop dick
okay who is next chinna leg 35
and our final whoever from our starting
crew mag Magnus PU right that's what
we're rolling with Danny left tail let
me see the bottom of the screen
Magda's poo whatever it's fine it's all
fine start get out of the way get out of
my way thing on the screen at a sparse
in my face then I moved over oh yeah it
works move it over to the other month
what no came back don't do that come
back it away I'm trying to move you out
of a way there alright so we got a beef
of them Injuns that's going to be a
priority store first off well that sucks
that's rotten luck share its blue oh do
that then I got 50 might need those
fucking will give you a five what I get
oh you repaired my whole my damage this
whole alright our first jump we have
lost five missiles we're at a net loss
people that doesn't bode well for our
for our journey you can't see the bottom
well there's uh it's fine is it's fine
you can't see how many power dubs I got
it's fine I always attack the ship
okay i don't have enough to power that
less sucks
you're doing that backwards hit the
shield's first cuz i might be able to
take the shields up what I want auto
don't you
I switched off oxygen because it was
trying to power up that missile but
apparently I don't have enough juice to
weapons in general to do that
there is no escape my friend all right
well we gained something we should all
be proud
five missiles back for one fuel and then
we only got the laser and a missile
launcher so far not really don't like
giving up fuel I'll do it this time
yeah wasted fucking jumps
hey we got stuff that's got borders at
big fucking oh wait no these are these
are my weakling crew not another
personal but zoltan's are weaklings
that's just the facts you know her
suffocate suffocate die the smell of
death the sweet smell of death yeah
fucking nebula take it away my oxygen
look we all know I play FTL like a
bloodthirsty maniac
there are no there are no friends deep
in space there is no mercy in space
store I got I got nothing good I can't
stop at that store let's see what
happens
nothing oh you're fucking me game you're
fucking me
you
nice
I should do that the other way around
you're going to try and take those
shields up
yes all right now should they have
something decent give me some burst
lasers some flak cannons we have enough
money to buy it now and yeah scrab
alright
oh the ship was so fucking dead so
fucking dead
oh it's handy that's handy
lame
let's see what we got here I don't need
you I don't need you I hate this thing
if it will turn on come on there we go
where's all the things where's old
things
I can't read it if you don't fuck a
display it so I'm trying to read tips
but we're having I'm having issues with
the laptop machete and why all the stuff
got turned off and open it's my tip
thing open there we go Jiminy Cricket
prick bastard says as Mike ever made you
laugh harder than he did with the
manhole joke if so what was it he
probably has nothing nothing I can
remember off the top of my head of giant
spiders leave them alone I mean I've
known Mike a long time we've laughed
about a lot of things nothing specific
that I can recall though jiminy cricket
get cricket prick bastard also says
isn't repairing / upgrading your ship
with parts you salvaged from a different
kind of ship you just blew up kind of
like repairing your Toyota with Parks
from a BMW you just ran off the road
well how do you know we're not melting
it down and and remoulding all the parts
how do you know that huh huh an answer
for everything can't trip me up Jiminy
Cricket print bested all right did
anyone those two distress beacons were
fucking shit I didn't get the blow
anything up and I had to stay away from
danger because they were crappy crappy
things all right we got some stuff from
that one there's better than oven
we are going to desperately need some
other type of weapon rather desperately
when you Jiminy Cricket brick busted
blow that ship up
oh I'm not an auto oh fuck that blue
sorry i thought i had i thought i had
that targeted i did not did not didn't
take much damage
yes jack is had a waffle eating
competition where do you people get this
shit where you get this should I don't
get it
alright
now I can power power those missiles
avoid nebulous like the plague guess so
Oh Jack said that okay okay then maybe
Jack is at a waffle eating competition I
don't know instead of my business what
Jack does lose waffles
a ship shit ship
shit
you prick prick fucking prick
alright let's stop sucked and this is
why we hate nebulous this is why we hate
motherfucking nebulas
because nebulous suck did I read Mad
Magazine yes but I was a kid i read Mad
Magazine I even read cracked from time
to time cracked was a exactly like mad
magazine it's like a Mad Magazine
knockoff years before it was a website
it was like lame mad
anonymous says hey reg it's great to see
you grade shirt you're welcome glad you
like my gray shirt it's so exciting it's
a shed borders
yeah bad luck that
oh well that's important
they all seem dead
alright nanima says where did the tape
from the resident evil half in the bag
with the viking lady singing juggle your
way to health and beauty come from uh I
don't remember if that was a thrift
store fine or if someone sent that to us
that may have been her early someone
sent that to us but I honestly don't
recall we still have it is lying in that
other room somewhere I probably ought to
close my doors and no not yet go back to
the healing room we got to close the
doors close the fucking doors did a
thing you know that thing that closed
the doors thing I'm trying to talk about
I'm carrying it so low for a bit till
Jack and make it here and that's that's
what I got
jack will be here later jack is running
behind he couldn't get here he just
wanted to start later I mean I wasn't
like one think he was supposed to be
here and he's not here no it was like
we're talking about when he's gonna be
free early you know when we wanted to
start he said well I'm probably not
gonna be free to later I'm said well you
know what don't worry about i'll just
get an earlier start show up when you
free all right we probably have oxygen
now
I hate nebulous
all right now mrs. rich tipped a few
weeks ago and asked about the best of
the worst bit you had and you said
everything on best of the worst was
simply made up and not scripted so I
guess Mike really smashed your diabetes
medicine you fuck are are are people too
dumb not to tell the difference between
the opening skipped skiz sketch which by
the way there wasn't a printed script we
would like talk about what we're going
to do ahead of time for that can you not
tell there's a difference between that
and what's going on at the table I
vostro yeah 15 says hey rich I asked
this question at work I thought it would
be interesting to hear your point of
view when was the first time you had non
dial-up internet I remember it like it
was yesterday I don't know was available
one day I think and we we asked to get
it that was it and then we had then we
had non dial-up internet it was great by
the way and you've never had to deal
with a 56k modem count your blessings
those things were horrible but I mean
there's not like a an amazing a dial-up
free story I have it was great it was
great because dial up this is literally
the it's the fucking worst it's the
fucking worst missiles for bas i'm not
using bots so
well I want to get to that store I hope
we'd make money on our way to that store
but this fucking nebulous all suck hey
from the few from future famous person
says is Jack spirit replacing your beard
it looks so badass for now yes I am
probably going to grow mine back or at
least something resembling a beard is we
need to name somebody pick a random
cheddar gobbledygook you have randomly
one
continue crew ship crew DC online is
free dammit
you know who you are you know who you
are DC you would have been 11 letter too
much I don't think it was going to let
me sorry Chen says I just wanted to see
you exasperatedly having to pause the
game and reach over to grab the laptop
awkwardly with one hand for something
not very important hi hey that was funny
I was worth that let me try DC you free
save it save it has room let's got room
yeah DC you free oh oh I must've
miscounted or something are you stuck in
camp blocks where are you not doing that
is a capital letter there you go are you
stuck out of camp watching on it yeah
it's 50
uh jelly nyla says if you take biotin
your hair should grow out faster but it
affects all hair well thank you I'll
just deal with being a bald bastard for
now it's fine it's it's it's fine if I
go to the store with no money to spend
never but I really need a gun dwell what
do I have to sell I got like nothing to
sell then again the flax only flex only
65 writers or is the flack 85 taluk FCT
says here's two dollars for these
something resembling a beard fund and
also the random chatter naming d rigging
fund wow thank you thank you much yeah
is this gonna be a fuckin watching a
burst laser too and I'm going to be
short ol is only as I'll crap
anonymous says I'm sorry I totally
understood the whole scripted thing but
I wanted to see how frustrated you get
at such a stupid question just wanted
you to know that your audience isn't
that stupid go Trump we had it here
first folks all right all right
now that stores there I need to ignore
the station I need money at a decent
laser
now
damn it didn't work out the way I water
now learning is fine
alright that's enough for a decent
weapon should they have one so we're
going to the store
oh you're right i'm not using yeah i got
a man the so crew people here that was
dumb
hmm her arm yeah yeah drone control
no I need something that's got a week in
shields hacking if i could get hacking
that'd be great don't have any of those
things for me all right you're finding
you stupid you're horrible stop yeah
and oh yeah arrest remember what can be
man that's not a waste shields you don't
want to put zoltan's if you can help it
in a room like piloting like I need to
because there's no one else to pilot the
ship but Zoltan and piloting that's a
that's a waste of energy because
zoltan's power something in that room
and piloting doesn't require additional
power just dead Zoltan in there you're
not getting anything extra out of that
same with the dope do ya outdoor sauna
power doors or sensors it's a waste jump
oh no pirates oh no can I take your flak
can you can you give just give me your
flak I'll take it
they're great
that's worth 11
what problems with the audio cable
doesn't seem loose kill them that's fine
that's fine I'll dig it you're not give
me any great tug it's here you suck but
I'll deal with it yes
perfect
game sound is quite as i hear it's craig
dub now
she probably upgrade some stuff wanna
spend too much so it's chi I still need
a weapon that will complement the
halberd actually I need that desperately
right now
mom says hang up the hang up the cliq
habit hang it up daddy or you'll be
alone in a jiff hang up the chick habit
hang it up daddy or you'll be alone in a
jiff okay anonymous's I'd a long day at
work now I get to be stoned and watch
game yay stone difficult times are over
they don't stolen people for things
anymore that's terrible
a mercy not found
classic rich that was terrible I was
trying though I could again I get an A
for effort I get a I got a b-minus for
effort
anonymous says two dollars all for rich
none four Jack two dollars of money
money money now miam money a lot now
thank you thank you very much oh yeah
thank you very much again you can't
grade yourself I just did stop me sure
I'll do your stupid quest that probably
sucks shit shit this is why we need some
kind of burst laser we're gonna be
fucked quickly now unless we can find
something I need something decent to
complement this fucking halberd and it
had to be great has to not suck
we're so fucked
all right we're gonna wait to the fire
go out I don't hear anything that's
probably I'm closing doors that is a
shitty encounter
thank you missiles aren't necessary
there in a day other weapon I have other
than the halberd right now which is bad
and that I can do about that missiles
are I don't know possibly my least
favorite weapon in the game
oh by the way on the YouTube yesterday
you know I thought the the antics are
thing had killed them but I didn't watch
it yet I saw a new episode of Star Trek
oh you fucking you fucking bitch
why would you do that why would you do
that ah Star Trek continues was a well
is I guess it still is I thought it was
dead because of the Star Trek and acts
are fiasco I was a star trek I still is
I guess a Star Trek fan show where they
they kind of make their it's like it's
like if the original 1960s Star Trek had
never stopped and they're like making
more episodes it's done they do them
entirely in the style of the classics
like to the sense done to the lighting
they got what's-his-face Scotty's actual
kid trying to blank on the actress damn
name and I feel terrible about that but
it it's good it's fun it feels like
classic Star Trek and after paramount
kind of squashed Star Trek fan films
that shit I thought the show was doomed
but it looks like they put a new one up
James Doohan Thank You Chad Thank You
Chad
brace 110 you you haven't been watching
our streams long have you I love be some
Star Trek love me some Star Trek
the one from Misbah thermos busters
Grant Imahara Grant Imahara plays Sulu
in Star Trek continues and he's horrible
he's well-meaning but he's absolutely
terrible jazz lab I know you're just
fucking with me can't beat me like that
all right
store because I desperately need some
firepower
nothing nothing absolutely nothing fuck
fuck we're going to die because I can't
find anything better than this shitty
little fucking missile launcher
well there was absolutely nothing
sarcastic about jerking off the star
wars droid
kill those shields kill those shields
fuck my life
Grand Moff Kali says truck ed Truckee
did you ever get into any get into any
of the Expanded Universe esque books
there is the predictable dreck but some
actually good star trek content there I
not ever did maybe I should someday I
don't know but I never did
did rich just say fuck my wife then just
say it
no there is no clown sitting next to
bait
alright everything's healed good give me
a fucking burst laser or something I can
use to defend myself
I need to save my muscles and run I
think
now of course not of course you have
extra slots and your fucking shield so
one doesn't take your shields out of
course of course
and of course that laser is not going to
charge up fast enough they're going to
fix their shields they could be
impenetrable yeah you're going to die
with dignity for what that's worth
kabbala gut says wrench have you ever
read the Star Trek next generation and
expand on in the early 90s called Planet
X and it's storm says there is an
uncanny resemblance between Picard and
Professor X that's a cute reference was
that out not only receta that was a
comic book wasn't it I didn't read it
but I remember when it came out I
remember thinking what an odd crossover
in Traverse says also had a very long
day at work now I have a very long
erection because you're streaming flock
my flock also play darksiders if you
haven't okay
hello
we need to see if that's Jack or
somebody else hold up oh that is Jack
the murderer what's going on i knows you
are like jay showing up for something or
other murders rich yeah I'm getting
fucked oh I'm sorry it's typical fcl
that that's a thing that's the thing for
you the drug

[Part II]
for you the drugs it's the drugs Akbar
is this one mine huh yeah this one's
mine so what one yours my this one this
one's mine oh the mic yeah yeah yeah
great hey everybody welcome me welcome
me you guys have been here for a bit is
the beige pillow replacing Jack I have
brought a thing I did I brought a thing
for rich where's the waffles because I
said I said rich is probably gonna start
around 7:00 yeah and Jackyl show up
later and like I wanted to make up a
funny excuse for me being late and I
said I have a very important waffle
eating competition to attend and you
know a joke but in any case I did I win
oh yeah no I totally won my waffle
competition Apple is not removing
industry standard features to save money
on manufacturing costs Apple is moving
forward if anyone is like me and a big
old Apple nerd you watched the Apple
Keynote
today and Apple has decided that all of
their new phones rich will no longer
have headphone jacks why is the 4c by
some kind of expensive bluetooth
headphone well not necessarily okay dumb
move I hope it bites them in the ass I
don't think it will be I don't think it
will they they want to move to
lightening headphones you know the
little power adapter at the bottom of
the iPhone
I can try to do some weapon to save my
literally I can't find a decent weapon
to save my save your life because you
need that I see what you know you know
what I can do in this situation huh jack
shit all you have is your beam and now
you out of missiles you have one missile
yeah yeah I'm sorry I'm sorry right all
those guys are stolen well they
shouldn't be that's it's it's not it's
not just so they can make their phones
thinner it's also so they can you know
take all of the stuff that was there for
the audio jack right audio jack is a
single purpose port remove all of that
which means you can get a bigger battery
you can get more processors and they can
get more shit in the phone if you take
out this thing that's the single purpose
thing and use a port that's already
there and already has the capability for
headphones part of their announcement is
is they've made also a new wireless
standard and so like they they do have
like new wireless headphones that
they're selling or they include
lightning earbuds and they also include
a lightning to headphone adapter if you
still want to use regular headphones but
they've they got rid of the 30
millimeter Jack takes a fanboys really
know you know what it might not work but
it might work I guess is all I have to
say about it
Apple is Apple is trying something they
are trying something new and it may not
work
no dying with dignity
oh I would think maybe you know but you
know what what else Apple did on their
computers and it turns out no one really
cared was get rid of disk drives that's
that's different than a headphone jack
how so I wouldn't I wouldn't have a
device so that I headphone jack
then but I used to play music frequently
right but people said the same thing
about disk drives and now no one cares
about them because the way in which we
get our media is different how are we
gonna change the way we use headphones
well well you headphones will either
have a lightning or they'll be some sort
of wirelessly it's the exact same thing
I don't want to have to fucking worry
about battery and charges all the time
with my fucking headphones it's a thing
that goes in my pocket yeah just have a
little cord that goes through makers is
fine all my headphones are you dead you
could hide fuck now you could have a
lightning cord and it's the exact same
thing it's the exact same thing
I'm dazed by Apple oh and you know here
here and here's the real thing I'm upset
with Apple I am an Apple fanboy but I am
upset with them because it's becoming
more and more clear that Apple is
completely ditching their desktop
computers yeah they had their big
keynote today hmm and you know they do
they do two big presentations a year
they have they have the WWDC the
Worldwide Developers Conference and you
know a lot of that is talking about
software cuz they invite developers to
come check out the new stuff you know
and this is their just Apple Keynote
where they just talk about all the cool
things Apple is going to unveil soon
they talked about games they talked
about I watch they talked about iPhone
and that's it mmm not not a mention of
Mac OS not a mention of desktop
computers that have mentioned a laptops
you know what I don't care about Apple I
know I know I'm an Apple user I have an
Apple computer I've been happily using
Apple computers for years and thinking
that they are going to ditch this thing
that I use all the time and enjoy is
upsetting to me negative so in general
I'm not super happy with Apple they're
taking a risk and getting rid of the
headphone jack who knows if it's gonna
pay off
hmm right so what's what's the plan here
we just died what do I think of the air
air pods those are damaged quince
identity right when you show up
like I would plan more FTL or some if
you want but if I was hogging a lot of
streams and so if you want to play more
FTL this is this is you they did
announce so they did announce a new
wireless earbud your pod the air pod and
it uses a newly Apple has is is creating
their own sort of wireless standard not
bluetooth not Wi-Fi it's and a new
wireless standard that Apple wants to
use for their headphones and they're
very expensive and they look very ugly
mm-hm so it's tough for me like I use
headphones I don't use them that often
I'm more use bluetooth and so I'm not
someone who necessarily cares about this
if you are a person who say you know
like everyone's oh yeah I'll get two
tips in a second if you are a person who
uses headphones and also charges your
phone yeah I can see there being a
problem but then I can also not think of
a situation in which you are using
headphones and also charging your phone
you know cuz usually when you're using
headphones you're on the go I don't want
expensive headphones with a battery that
will wear out and you'll have to buy
another expensive no but it bugs in
they'd have no battery they just plug
into the lightning adapter that's
already there so like like an iPhone
right it has this this is where we get
our power
oh so you plug your headphones into that
oh so so I can't use the headphones any
other normal place you would use
headphones right oh that's really dumb
yeah but what I thought there were at
least wireless they can be wireless or
there there are different types of
headphones there's wireless headphones
there's why your headphones just in
general that's a thing rich there's
different types of headphones so they're
still very expensive yeah
yeah yeah okay so sorry sorry let's get
two tips here crunky says welcome to the
party Jack are you guys fans of roller
coaster tycoon games I'm following the
development of coaster planet and tycoon
world and hope you guys would give it a
try later this year have you ever played
I need a roller coaster tycoon Karen
loves him though she's very much looking
forward to coaster planet coaster yeah
yeah which I keep calling like a bowler
planet alright color whatever I call it
everything but what its actual name is I
like a roller planet yeah and she
doesn't have a proper computer right now
just talking me about like building one
which must make sure to play planet
coaster that's it that's the only thing
she's trying to try to price out
something affordable yeah that will
still run planet coaster decently cuz I
don't know you know the specs on that
recommend somewhere between it's funny
she cares that it will play that and the
sims 3 which I think she'll be pretty
safe mom I'm gonna go out on the limb
yeah say that's not too
processor-intensive G shots you're on
the team G shots is on the team I've
never played any of them I think they've
been exclusively PC games and so
obviously I'm new to the PC game I've
heard good things I've heard good things
sorry Jen says how do you feel about
that there Super Mario run for iOS that
was a big part of the Apple Keynote
Shawn - - - sure - one long little
underscore Shawn underscore Shawn
underscore Miyamoto came out for the
Apple Keynote and an apple yes and
announced an official Nintendo Mario
endless-runner
hmm that's coming out for iPhone and to
eventually Android devices
so it's an official Nintendo game and
John kilo 3 John kilo 3 that's that was
a weird one for me just because I mean
endless runners were like what three
years ago
we're kind of done with endless-runners
now but it's Mario so I'm sure it'll do
well
yeah well isn't gonna be a a runner
really or it's just gonna be like an
endless Mario level which is slightly
different I mean it'll be a 2d endless
runner I don't think I've run our plays
a lot like a Mario level is this an
actual runner or is this just an endless
standard Mario level hmm that's a good
question maybe yeah big difference hmm
Sonic does have an endless-runner
optimizer apparently it's very good he
Sarah Chen says he keeps running yes oh
well now I'm not interested at all but
it's still 2d Mario yeah fucking by the
way that's fuck it to death that's
exactly how I feel where it's just like
why are you making a game that it was
played out so many years ago
Nintendo they so crazy what do I think
of the Apple watch I still think it's
the stupidest thing in the world I said
there's no use for an Apple watch no
there's no use is this a question well
they're wondering what I think about it
and I am an Apple fanboy so you know but
no it's it's a dumb thing it it's a
thing that does less than the thing
that's already in your pocket and
they're trying to make it more apples
trying to make it more independent of
your phone you know so you can use it
without your phone and they're gearing
it towards athletes or you know fitness
buffs because it it can do stuff like
read your heart rate and and stuff like
that but I don't give a shit about any
of that
well Obama yeah then it would work for
you if he I used I use my watch as a
screen for my constant glucose monitor
it has incredible health benefits and if
you are a person who are into that like
that's great it does not affect you you
know anonymous says stop being so
reasonable jack everyone loves the hate
and drama just give in to it
okay okay all right what's your response
um I could take a hard an Apple stay a
hard-line Apple stance I guess I could
say I can say oh all you people just
don't understand you don't understand
like Apple they're they're
revolutionising headphones the
revolutionising revolutions oh oh yeah
that's what they're doing now Apple's
trying a new thing and and they've it
just so happens that now they have new
proprietary wireless software that works
with their headphones that they could
miss out to other comes by the way as
far as you would who would want to
charge their phone and and listen to
music at the same time yeah uh well I
guess in the car I probably wouldn't be
using headphones but usually to its
charge usually I got a good no watch I
do use that headphone cuz I got the
headphone jack going into a thing in the
car okay put the headphone jack that I
had on the phone right see that goes
into the headphone jack on the car right
so that's that's is that I got a power
cable coming out right
I think the Lightning jack or what I'm
gonna call the mini mini USB well you
have a you have a fire so that's a
different one that's it many of yeah so
I don't I don't know how many people
still use those kinds of adapters
probably most people have bluetooth in
their car now for on an airplane or
train yeah but how are you charging it
on an airplane
now let's see here where were we
anonymous in the book war of the hack
frauds the main character is an
anonymous doorman who records the
arrival of bears in rich Evans's
bathroom
needless to say bears fuck everything in
sight what was that a reference to
something that happened earlier well
what did it say I read it just this guy
you know says as an RL our LM fan and
sometimes comment ER I feel compelled to
refer to that waffle joke for the next
three years that's fair that's fair did
you guys like the current mix of snacks
like pop-tarts better that is fruit
leather weird oh you got new snacks I
last what I got was a box of those
Pirate's Booty
No okay there's probably stuff in the
mail right now I know you like those and
I know Mike gobbled up all of those
ramen packages that he could get his
hands on we like snacks of all kinds hi
Eric - Jack's so happy to stream tonight
rich will you please turn on the FTL
audio so we can hear the pretty music oh
you don't have the music on it should be
on no that's not all the music I don't
hear it yeah I never I don't always
listen I'm always listening to other
things while I'm playing this game with
FTL yeah I've seen has the greatest
music
FTL has the greatest music go turn it on
I'd rather like listen to a documentary
about black holes or something
oh listen let's listen to the music yeah
whatever listen to the music
oh do you know someone tweeted at me and
I watched a little bit been Prunty the
guy who did the soundtrack
yeah who's a great musician was
live-streaming the other day duh scurs
okay Ben Prunty the composer of FTL was
playing Gus kurz live on stream and it
was joyful I'm so happy for you it was
great for me it was so great you're
turning it down have a conversation with
your head normal farmers you know
there's no conversation with me at
normal projects you're right it's gonna
go whack sooner or later Jack you're
right
Briggs I'm getting there don't worry I'm
getting to all the tips never fast
enough never fast enough let's see here
I turn down the music gobbledygook says
Jack did you also watch the Sony press
conference today Mass Effect Andromeda
gameplay footage and the Sony ps4 Pro
yes I do like start talk radio jelly
sickled that's the other grass yeah yeah
yeah no sir and a radio thing about
science that's a Eugene Mirman how's
that right sometimes it's rotating I
like you you're the one from Bob's
Burgers he's like he's got to be the kid
from Bob yeah he's in Bob's Burgers and
he's a comedian
yeah I think I've heard a couple that a
couple episodes of that
the the question sparks is not is not is
is 3.5 obsolete it's can we do this
better
you know 3.5 still works headphone jack
still why is something that actually
fits in a wider a larger orifice and and
how is it better how is it I don't
understand how it's better well what it
does is so a 3.5 million hold is is a
unit answer right
and this is from Apple this isn't
necessarily for me because I don't super
care because like I said I barely use
headphones but apples the apples thought
is that headphone port is a single task
port it's only for headphone it's only
for audio right sure so this thing that
is only for audio is taking up space in
the phone that could be filled by
something more using if you gave me two
of the other Jack's I'd be fine I'm
getting less I'm getting less you're go
ever you want to slice it your guess I
know it's cheaper for them it's an I
have to manufacture the phone without
that Jack I made that guy know that
saves them a few pennies probably does
it worse for me it gives me less options
it probably does not save them that much
money
well first of all rich you don't have an
Apple phone so this does not affect you
in the slightest right so this is only
four feet you can always buy a different
phone
so the the idea is we have this jack
that you can already attach stuff to it
can be an HDMI out it can be a power
source it can be an audio out it can be
a microphone yes we already have one but
it one that only does audio when we can
I mean the other slot we already have
that what if you take away the audio
jack the mini the the the micro USB slot
we already had the lightning connector
show me it so this is this is different
this is lightning do I have a I don't
have a cable
alright so apples got some weird
proprietary bullshit it's supposed to a
normal fucking my USB because they're
pricks
yes fuck apples they fuck Apple like
their things very particular Apple cult
you're a fucking cold yeah we are we are
in a cult we're absolutely in a color
we'll see we'll see how it works out
let's see here Oh a ps4 Pro rich uh-huh
it's a more powerful ps4 but some so
that would be really obnoxious it's
really obnoxious and it can do 4k but
but they they won't say if it will like
give you a better frame rates on current
games than me and here's here's the real
kicker for it ready huh so can do for
kick games it cannot play 4k blu-ray
that's dumb that's awful I would
blu-rays are Sony's I would be I know
and that would be I will be really
annoyed yeah when the first game comes
out that will run on the newfangled PS
form and not on the old one yes I will
be in full-blown revolt if that happens
yeah
that would that would be the most
obnoxious thing ever yeah thank God I
have a PC yep pretty much
and so they're trying they're trying to
compete with the new more powerful Xbox
one and apparently it's not as powerful
as that and it doesn't it doesn't do all
the things that the Xbox one does so in
any case no it's dumb and you either
make a new system or you just work on
software updates totally kept C T says
welcome back at Jack also has Mike
always had a really evil sounding laugh
that he tries to not let loose as a to
conceal his true villainy no brace 110
hi jack and rich rich please tell me how
much time is your commute to the office
so he can triangulate where I live
make a radius yeah and then walk that
radius and hopes he finds you
uh-huh one hour and 45 min I learned 45
minutes for both of us exactly in
different directions so brace 110 the
new ps4 will well I like it does 4k and
it's also for VR but you guys know my
stance on the honor I was uh I was
curious I went on Steam today because
they were there's an update to
necropolis and I wanted to make sure I
downloaded it and there you know I saw
the little five thing the HTC vive and I
was like you know what how much is this
volume it's $800 which is the vibe the
HTC this the official steam supporting
one that's the one where you have the
two hand things and the headset oh the
okay yeah yeah it's $800 it's very
expensive
for the VR thing yeah get another PC
right it's amazing it's crazy
what's Jack reading sometimes I read the
tips and sometimes I read the chat in
phorus I have also said yeah well uh
okay so inverse is pointing out of a
possible hypocrisy with me because I'm
saying apples trying something new and
that should be applauded while at the
same time saying VR on stick for me
personally I'm not a big headphone user
so I can only see the benefits of the
Apple switch and I don't like VR so
personally I don't see the benefits of
VR so I'm speaking I have nothing
personal against VR I'm just skeptical
that it's worth it at this point right
so watch me speak my opinions which I
will do which you should use your
lettuce as a boarding party what do you
think I spent $90 on the goddamn
teleporter so early in the game
oh no likes I use headphones but when I
use headphones it's like when I'm out
walking or riding my bike not usually a
situation that involves also charging my
phone and so for me it won't be a big
deal you feel me
use it on my PC all the time home sure
those are my PC headphones though if
different pair of headphones yeah I got
big cans at home and then you don't want
the big cans when you're riding a bike
so gets a little earbuds for when I ride
my bike do headphones when you ride your
bike not frequently okay you know I
can't I can't imagine it would be a good
idea to to ride your bike with my big
guy I can't so I got my little at your
buds and they come like the the
Lightning earbuds come free with the
phone so every everyone will have a pair
of these headphones when they get a
phone if they get a phone well I lasted
oh oh no and it says I know your stands
on VR and I'm in the same boat when it
comes to holding off on buying a headset
but I played Star Trek bridge crew at
the S T and y con the Star Trek New York
convention this week and it blew my mind
I now believe in VR well thanks
anonymous and also anonymous says itch
itch itch scratch scratch scratch cheek
chin neck cheek chin neck hitch
scratch scratch scratch drink beer snack
yes my face is very itchy star balls one
thank you anonymous what a deaf for
making me want to itch my beard it is
very itchy at this moment but I think
you know I'm liking how it's looking
yeah feeling pretty confident about my
beard but it is very very itchy we'll
see how it looks on camera I shot
something this morning our Miller with
with javis Montgomery Bowman and so
we'll see how it looks on camera
so you shot something yeah I don't know
that that's the wonderful thing is like
me J is also a morning person
yeah and now I have all of my mornings
and it's incredibly free comically small
skeleton and so there's like he's asking
to be picked in the channel can I just
looked over us no coincidence Elena High
Street CEO and so it was just one of
those things where he was like hey what
are you doing this morning I said
nothing I could do whatever and we do we
wouldn't bother anyone because everyone
else is not a morning person a last
minute II kind of thing huh well we had
talked about it earlier in the week
inside made sure I rewatched the thing
we were talking about including with the
commentary track oh yeah yeah man I miss
commentary tracks I love them I love
commentary tracks pigs are flying I'm I
am growing out my beard yes yeah I got
to pick up that ash vs. Evil Dead Box
son oh yeah
oh yeah I hear the good you guys are
talking about that the commentary track
is supposed to be great right adipose
Vaughn Cromwell's as Jack had a
discussion earlier about editing do you
think that being able to choose the
right cut can be taught or is it
something that just feels right and who
know it when you see it it's a little
bit of both something that's really
great about modern-day nonlinear edited
edits is you can always edit something a
certain way watch it and then change
anything you want about that sometimes
you do feel it you'll watch something
and it just won't work and maybe you're
not sure why it works and so you just
start moving stuff around until it does
work the top aspect of it is showing it
to other people and seeing how they
react to it
screening stuff for other people live is
incredibly important especially if
you're making like a comedy or you know
something that people should react to
and you get to that moment where they
should laugh oh god
rich there's no worse feeling in the
world there is no more gut-wrenching
getting stabbed in the gut
oh no this is where this is because it's
the gut in the heart and the brain
yeah when when you're working on
something and you know that that moment
is supposed to hit and it doesn't then
you start making notes and say this
doesn't hit why doesn't this hit and
that's how you learn by by showing it to
other people especially live that's
super important and that's how you learn
and you go oh well you know what I did
it this way and it didn't hit then you
know try to read jigger try to make it
better try to make it different in some
way screen it against and timing just
mess with the timing and then when you
see it hits that's how you learn what
works and what doesn't
so you know
some of you know some of it can be
taught but it's taught by yourself it's
taught by it's taught by failure yeah
okay
anonymous says oh wait hold on a sec
before I read this rich did I tell you
about what happened to me earlier today
you filmed something with Jay there we
go
anonymous said that okay full Lopo says
hey guys i rewatched feeding frenzy last
night and you two as father-son planket
is one of my favorite things
thanks for the streams and laughs lol
folk McCook you're welcome
it was it was kismet that we ended up
friends you know they knew back then
even we had never met and we were father
and son yeah that probably was the very
first time I met you yeah probably
probably was feeding frenzies this is
fuckin I just remember that first day of
shooting and Jay thought that it was
very important to get me in my zombie
makeup very first thing like I showed up
to shoot at like 10:00 in the morning
and Jay got me my full zombie makeup
including hand makeup he put all my hand
makeup on uh-huh and then I didn't end
up shooting until five hours later I'm
so sorry and like I I brought a book
that I couldn't read cuz I had all the
group on my hands and I brought my phone
and I brought a video game in case there
was down just say can I please clean my
fucking hands off you prick right and
then no like I couldn't even help with
the camera stuff because I had shit all
over my hands it was war it was the
worst let's see here Sean underscore
says that audio jack also lets small
business owners scan credit cards that's
true use thermal cameras and other
accessories this is about licensing fees
they want the third parties to have to
pay to play
possibly possibly I mean definitely
definitely
well no and all those things will still
be maintained today they'll have to buy
things again and get the Lightning
adapters and do all that
Fon Diggory do all the Fonz agree but
you know like I said I don't know that
doesn't affect me maybe I don't know you
know it doesn't affect me so let's see
anonymous says Apple is the largest
company in the world valued at over half
a trillion dollars called
Kappa Scientology what do they make as
much as Apple yeah I mean way more than
Scientology Apple feels a lot like
Scientology we oh no there is a there's
a red phone jacks are evil there is a
cult of math and I am Hiatt restore evil
I'm incredibly guilty of being too nice
to Mac because they have a whole thing
no simplicity unity
don't you fucking open your Mac don't
you fucking do it
don't touch anything you want you want
to change something in there you buy a
new Mac you motherfucker
fucking Mouse this is rapid squeaking
the fuck I heard that - what was that I
don't have any idea I thought that came
from the TV well shit
Cult of Mac and me right Oh Mac and me
you ever hate somebody make them watch
back at me
have you really hate them yeah nice
oh no you know that was that was my
flip-flop that's what it was it was not
a mouse it was my flippy floppy okay
let's see here
hey guys have you heard of the new
controversial George Carlin special why
is this controversial and no I have not
heard of it I have heard this it was
recorded one day before 9/11 oh it is
getting aired this is it's going to be
released soon so it is unheard material
I imagine after didn't get heard he used
a lot of those jokes in the next one no
but it's a new Carlin's why is it
controversial fuck give me that shit hey
Emmy
because because he's George Carlin so he
probably mentioned religion and
terrorism at some point yeah why is it
controversial oh he's the man who made
jokes about watching NASCAR so he could
see the wrecks yeah he made his career
off of being controversia hey new George
Carlin that's great if there's a lot of
new material that's the best thing I've
heard in a while
yeah absolutely
anonymous I think that's true the reason
Apple won't let you replace batteries or
upgrade memory or now let you use a 3.5
connector is so they can have a nice
compact pretty little case they don't
let you eat change that you can't like
okay so on an apple uh-huh it is
generally speaking pretty difficult to
change things
this is horrible it's not innovative
that's that's sleazy there's its APIs
fucking sleazy you know that going in
you can upgrade your RAM
you might okay you know that going in
but then you don't admire these people
they have not loved them their charge
they have a certain philosophy because
unlike other computer makers they design
both the hardware and the software and
so it's part of Matt apples thing that
says because we designed both they can
work better
screw Apple when what when is that
George Carlin thing coming out and what
is it called no no I'm doing series
called ones coming out I said something
I actually care about
there's a good reason have iPhone I
found this day as I wait for someone in
the chat to tell me when the George
Carlin thing comes out George Brown
thing is coming out if the George Carlin
thing is coming out on 9/11 I would
laugh yes is that true XK nm the George
Carlin special is named I kind of like
it when a lot of people die I heard
about that I thought they just changed
the name and possibly some of the
material and like recorded another
special shortly after that's what I
thought they did know they say the 16
that's exciting
like the whole deal with Apple and the
iPhone versus androids
or Windows Phone which aren't really a
thing anymore
is when you get an Apple phone you know
exactly what kind of software is going
to be unamplified why we're still
talking about Apple because I know you
talked about that I'm gonna text my
brother and tell him up the new George
this is new George Carlin thing coming
out cuz he loves George Carlin so when
you have when you have an iPhone you
know exactly what kind of operating
system and software you're getting when
you have an Android you get different
operating systems and there's different
specs and there's there's all these
different things you know like companies
put shells over operators versatility
there's flexibility you know there's
there's clutter rich there's clutter
which is why it's generally speaking yes
you want all of your eggs in the Apple
basket so they have full control well is
vero speaking easier to create
applications for Apple because if it
works on one Apple device it will work
on all of them whereas if you if you
make something for say the Google Play
Store you're not sure which device it
would work on so that's why that's why
Apple got a lot of the app developers
developing for them
just because it's easy that that is true
the jack is off I get it
applications oops
ah let's see here
Siri Chen says how do you how do you be
not dead in the morning I'd love to know
also playing as the brute is fun also
also not that anyone cares but I'm very
excited that Ace Attorney 6 is releasing
in a few hours that well great there's a
new Phoenix right so I was playing
necropolis for Sarah Chen the other day
and it would turn into a rather late
night she's on the west coast and so it
was a very late night for me it's just
coffee
it's coffee and pure will of spirit
sorry
that's that's all I live on and so you
know I'll usually go to bed at like 1:00
or 2:00 in the morning and then I have
to wake up at 7:00 to get my boys up fed
breakfast and off to school so and then
it's just coffee just coffee coffee
coffee all day until it's bedtime and I
do it because it's it's the only way I
know how to function that's all I got
what our games you guys were looking
forward to that ended up being canceled
can't think of any up stop my head yeah
Star Fox - no that's not joke that no no
I'm laughing like that's the one that
turned into starfox adventures right it
releases a wrong no not adventures
natural on the this is gonna come out in
the Super Nintendo
they're almost usually they're almost
fucking done with it actually I think
they had finished it I forget what the
reasoning for not releasing it was but
it was an unreleased star fox came shit
you can find the ROM for it I thought
you were talking about the thing that
helped turned into the dinosaur hunter
notes or thing oh oh that's too bad
yeah I mean obviously half-life 3 or
half-life episode 3 everyone's waiting
on that that would be great that would
be great
Super Saiyan Goku Super Saiyan go Khun
says hanging a rich and jackal of the
stream and loved a space cop haven't
left harder since my ex-wife asked if
she still looked fuckable also I wish
porn had trigger warnings for anal
gapping
okay yeah that's fine
really yeah there's just there's just a
ton of shots in porn I don't want to see
a close-up of an asshole
right and you know like oftentimes
they'll do that like undercarriage shot
where it's just balls flap and it's like
why do I even want to watch this I don't
see balls at all no no no you know Todd
we have very little control over that
talk to your local pornographer and you
know write an angry letter and maybe
that'll happen anonymous
anonymous says be kind to your body the
fur a duck maybe somebody's priest be
kind to your children watch Jax shed
where the weather is always intelligent
you may think that this is a
schoolteacher well I don't listen I just
read the thing that they wrote I read it
ahead of time because it was weird why
don't I make sure wasn't too weird
recruit more pimps for you rich but well
Cara never guessed on an episode of best
of the worst no she doesn't like that is
my benefit she can't stand the room
right no she couldn't make it through
one let alone three I made her watch the
room once she was stone-faced
right up right up until she fell asleep
yeah yeah
also Jack I hope you enjoyed your Eggos
even though I cry whenever I see them I
use great waffles great waffles okay TNG
after dark team G after dark says let's
all just take a moment to be grateful
there is no come the riddle of steel you
guys put out great content all the time
and even though I don't sub I appreciate
it and flood you with tips well we
appreciate that the riddle of Steel will
rich be continuing human Revolution yeah
quite possibly and I got time yeah
also what is your favorite wing sauce
had a houseguest lately house guest a
house guest my brother oh I thought you
were referring to Karen oh no no I was
like rich I think she's a little more
than a house ya know Labor Day I got I
got a call from my brother
uh-uh-uh-uh-uh years ago like five years
ago he moved up to somewhere super on a
ridiculously far up north I don't think
it was that far for Green Bay but I
don't know that I just north near Canada
and he's lived with her and he was
working for her parents and things went
sour with the girl and automatically you
know he doesn't have the job now because
he was working yes so you know
sure sure
you're trying to help him get that speed
that's very kind of you for the two
latest it's not anonymous tips no no
right now I just assume nothing terribly
weird but I you know it's this one again
like and I just don't know if that's a
thing so I'm not just not gonna read it
because I'm not sure what kind of thing
they're trying to start oh yeah yeah
okay
yeah and the other one though oh let's
see here
you know human mankind divided I'm still
about like six seven hours in I thought
we can the I'm not
oh yeah alright and the reason we're not
going to do a review of it is after six
seven hours I could not think of
anything interesting to say about it I
didn't play I didn't play mankind
divided because it's before I even
started you said no I don't know about
this yeah but I didn't I didn't hate
human Revolution no no I didn't hate you
know what my entire review would have
just ended up me going yeah it's fine as
like a really interesting backstory
which I won't spoil for you because
you're playing the prequel and so it has
this really interesting set up it has
this really interesting world yet the
dialogue is cringe-worthy and a lot of
the specifics are really dumb the game
mechanics are really fun like a lot of
the stealth I was doing was fun and
interesting but it also felt
I don't know light was it dr. chug but
mud you're on the team
dr. chug great so and yeah I am playing
as pacifist and mankind divided I'm not
killing anyone so far
we'll see if I have to get to a point
where I kill people but no and you know
like I'm on some missions and one day I
pick him up I don't even notice picking
him up we've got another crew member
oh well great standard bupkis standard
bupkis sorry I would have would have
named it assigned him a while ago I
didn't know he existed so standard
fuckin bupkis bupkis sure okay I like it
I thought it was but kin like like he
thought he was you know he's a but in
the body of a human
Oh pumpkin his mouth and shit comes out
as appropriate it's appropriate I was
born a butt in the body of a man so yeah
so basically we like and rich wanted to
play the first one and so it's just it
wasn't gonna happen anytime soon so he
just said eff fucking we'll wait for the
next guy to come out well wait dude
that's how we roll because we can we can
we can choose what game we want to have
a conversation about him I'm sure had we
like really powered through and forced a
fast gameplay we would have that would
have done him a disservice that's the
other reason I was like to do I knew it
I knew that would be a time-consuming
game exactly so but I mean overall I'm
okay with the game I have I have very
little like overwhelmingly negative
things to say about it and I have very
little overwhelmingly positive things to
say about it it's fine just a fine game
anonymous says can you get your brother
to guessed our invest of the worst
imagine the combined laughs of to Evans
brothers isn't laugh likely I don't
mother no I'm unique yep
riches a snowflake he's a snowflake land
manner we're not very alike oh yeah yeah
hmm well that work that happens
sometimes with brothers absolutely jack
triggered Royce the first CD I bought
was they might be giants flood I'm just
gonna let this shit burn out oh yeah see
if you can take a look around
yeah and it was the greatest purchase in
my young life and I do not regret it one
bit because they might be Jones flood is
a fantastic out there a suit at right
after I saw that Tiny Toons episode I
went out and bought bought flood
my brother does not like bad movies so
heat my brother would also not like to
come on best of the worst and you know
he is like a real job and does stuff
doctor killed the cat you're a sob rock
you are right it's great
hopefully that's what you mean by that
interesting exercise a good question is
there anything you're excited to replay
with killer graphics on your new PC I
don't
he knows this Tyrannosaurus Rex
Tyrannosaurus Rex like I've spent so
much of my life not caring about
beautiful graphics I know you're above
that kind of thing oh I see well oh it's
how I'm just sorry hard to switch gears
I keep you know what like everyone said
I'm thinking like I forgot how much
better you are than everyone else
I am absolutely I was I've been thinking
about it and I don't know mouse and
keyboard wise if I'm ready for doom yet
but that would be nice play on PC I've
been really enjoying a half-life and
it's not looking so bad let my first CD
by the way your first did very best of
the doors maybe when I get a little bit
better with a mouse and keyboard I'll
give that dishonor to try and have it
look really nice yeah I've heard good
things about that Dishonored I could
play The Witcher 3 I do have The Witcher
3 I never said I liked my 30 frames I
said I was I was at peace with 30 frames
a second you know I was at peace with
with not good graphics and 30 frames a
second and so you know how do you come
out of that it's it's like if one day
someone someone said I have a magic
elixir that is free and will grow back
all of your hair yeah and it's like but
I've become at peace with being a bald
man no I wouldn't take that shit
instantly I would take it instantly but
you know there'd be a little mental
struggle because I'm you I don't know if
you are at peace yet with your balding
no right I don't think I am I am at
peace with my ball being I don't have I
don't have a bald head right have a head
that conducts itself well to paintball
and that's what this is what I'm saying
is I I've grown accustomed to the way I
look now and even though someone is
offering me something that's
clearly better I am at peace joy I'll
never be at peace you well you just had
you just have to you know acceptance is
a hard thing to gain
Thank You Kenya I feel like I look great
ball too which is not you know that's
why it would be tough for me if someone
gave me the magic potion the riddle of
Steel says Jack do you think mankind
divided dialogue interest problem will
be fixed if it was an all-kill run
voiced by richest space cop you know
what I started to kind of do that but I
wasn't familiar enough with the game to
really be able to like that would make
perfect sense because then at least
there'd be some humor to it it's just so
you know it's just so serious yeah it's
so serious also have I considered a one
punch man costume for Halloween I have
usually every year we try for family
costumes and our kids are still young
enough where we can tell them and I
think we have them convinced the boys
convinced to go as take characters I
think I'm gonna go as the tick yep
really you're gonna take the tick away
from one of your children they told me I
should be the tick all right because all
right they must really love you man no
well because because one really wants to
be Arthur because they want the wings
and one likes to be bad guys okay so
they don't want to be the two you gonna
cut his head off put a chair in there we
were thinking about chair face what else
are we thinking about for him
yeah chair face tripping that would be
amazing
actually I was you know what at first I
was thinking I would be a villain so I
was thinking on how to do chair face
yeah all you would need is that costume
like for a headless horseman yeah Cheryl
look like a foam chair on top right
chair face Chippendale would be great I
think who does he like he likes
chrome-dome if you remember chrome-dome
dr. chrome-dome yeah not especially well
but yeah I remember the Madden midnight
bomber what bombs at midnight yeah baby
yeah yeah baby yeah baby so sorry I says
to him I says to him I like the cut of
your jib and I and I go it's the only
one I got
and then there's also the tick yeah
no Barry Barry yes yeah I think it's
great tick tick fantastic so so right
now that's what we're going for holla as
far as Halloween is concerned I forget
what what is what is Jax I want to be he
likes being bad guys and so he no
deflator Mouse later and he's kind of
lame everyone then they know he's lame
that's the point
exactly well right so they don't want to
but they don't want to be him because
they know he's lame I can't remember now
I'll have to talk to him about this cuz
we need to get costumes started soon
I've seen the new tic pilot have you
seen the new tic pilot yeah yeah so
meant to the other day I did forgot
about of those sense some of its pretty
alright some of the jokes don't land but
I'm really interested in seeing more
they were actually playing it on Twitch
the other day yes they were there
because there's the tic pilot and
there's the Jean Claude Van Johnson
pilot okay
jean-claude Van Damme yeah so I it could
be really great but also I don't know
Peter Serafinowicz it was great in it I
really like that they're giving Arthur a
little more to do and it could be really
interesting
oh sorry there's no tips on not miss any
chance we can see rich suffered through
some final fantasy in Nova no oh great
real vans is seeing as tomorrow is the
official 50th anniversary of Star Trek
I'm trying to figure out what to watch
rich favorite episodes that aren't on
the standard best of lists of any Star
Trek that aren't on the standard best of
list but if I start naming favorite
episodes they're gonna be on standard
best of lists you leave a classic trick
or TNG or any Star Trek anything I mean
I'm sure it's on best of list my
favorite has always been who watches the
Watchers that's a freaking great one
it's a great one
what's the other the first contact one
where Riker was like disguised as one of
the aliens but he got injured and he was
in one of the hospitals and card
revealed himself to one of their
scientists to try and do some diplomacy
to get Riker back they had never met
aliens before
isn't that who watches the Watchers no
those were the really primitive race
like the bows and the arrows and they
see Picard and they think Picard is God
that's who watches the Watchers I
thought that was the one with the Riker
that was they were like pronounced
Romulan that one might just be called
first contact I'm not sure I know which
one you had us concurring it's first cop
oh yeah oh that's a great one yeah
that's a great one and then and then
they think Picard is a god yeah yeah
yeah Shayna command was the Picard gets
captured one wasn't it interrogated
tortured was that chain of command
that's OOP order I don't number names I
don't remember in any name is that that
was great yeah
the Picard you know turns into a blue
cutis
it's fine it's overrated as far as a TNG
goes good good episodes oh great great
cliffhanger yeah
yes yesterday's enterprise
Macbeth suppose were bust of both worlds
ain't got nothing on there are four
lights and you know what for me I've
always loved
Darmok Darmok and Jalad ax in gelato or
whatever it's called I know but that
language makes so little sense I know
for you but like it's such a heady
episode you know it's it takes it took
the audience so long to like figure it
out with them that I think it works yeah
Darmok dharmic is a really fun episode
and it's it's like that's one of those
only in Star Trek yeah kind of shows you
know that can't happen in any way at
Tanagra that's what it is try to think
of good original series episodes
Darmok and Jalad at Tanagra you know
what i Smok time i saw the most
wonderful t-shirt a lot one time and it
was it was a band poster yeah and the
band was called Darmok and Jalad and
their venue is called at Tanagra it
looked like it looked like a rock band
poster and dude where'd you get that
shirt and he just made it himself
Darmok and Jalad at Tanagra
you know tonight Darmok and Jalad at
Tanagra when the walls fell exactly and
it was the greatest t-shirt I've ever
seen an idiom based language is feasible
but it wouldn't be 100% ATMs or triple
sounds fine
a classic is fine
balance of terror what's that one that
was the one where they there's one a few
Romulan episodes of the original series
where they they just got to stop the
cloak ship from getting back and Romulan
territory because he blew up some kind
of base and if he reports back they'll
report like a weakness in the Federation
fences and it might it would spark a war
so they have to find and destroy this
cloak Romulan ship it's like a little
huh original series that's just a game
of cat mouse where the two captains are
trying to out captain each other what's
it called
balance of terror that sounds like a
great episode the Romulan captain is is
not written like a mustache twirling
villainy he's doing his job
Horton he's doing his job he's doing it
well a balance of terror is fucking
great all right the Romulans didn't show
up much in the ER yeah that was the
first time and I think they had one
other appearance and it was actually a
pretty good kind of like spy thing where
the Kirk was trying to get the plans for
the cloaking device I forget what that
episode's called I figure that was
called that's a good one
Romulans have always been good for Trek
I think they're better better villains
than the Klingons were well they're
different notes you know Klingons are
the big dumb bass beat yeah but you get
some more intricacies with the Romulans
you get Romulan Romulan episodes you're
usually like a game of chess right well
what I'm saying is both the villains
have a place Klingon episodes are
dealing with some kind of retarded
nonsensical honor culture thing yeah you
gotta beat the magic drums you're we've
offended y'all right Kaylee's did
something and he's got a sword we got to
find us my it's just as fuck it's
alright fine oh I gotta let away I have
to let you hit me is that our work we
need the stuff we need to hit you with
pain sticks you want this
okay the fuck is wrong with you what
what is wrong with you every every other
culture in this galaxy they outgrew this
shit right you gotta get over it man
Worf has culture you're right Worf does
have culture aimless Corsair says what's
so amazing that keeps us oh I get a
nameless Corsair what's so amazing that
keeps us stargazing what do we think we
might see no someday we'll find it The
Rainbow Connection we know that it's
probably magic what a great song yeah oh
we had a question like a different
stream have I ever turned up during a
live-action film okay I didn't have an
answer then no then the Muppet the
recent Muppet movie when Kermit broke
out in a Rainbow Connection oh this it
just started coming in sort of flowing
with Jason Segel yeah yeah yeah the
minute he started doing Rainbow
Connection oh god yeah that did it
that was full of feels absolutely that's
the song that Jack will be singing when
he goes on his murder spree that would
be great that would be a great song to
sing LA going on a murder
right the riddle of Steel says my
Halloween costume is going to be a
gorilla suit with a bulletproof vest
considering whether I should add a
strap-on just to go oh I don't
understand how that's such a letter um
Bay thing is too the big deal for
everyone the what
oh wow still is still it's become a joke
to the overreaction people being upset
when they shot the monkey that they had
to shoot because he was throwing around
a three-year-old child absolutely
absolutely
I know the rumor says I won my game of
pool earlier which was the winning game
for team bacon tree I was told after
we're now second place and one point
behind Dugan hams supporters well fuck
you talking about I think happy dance I
don't know
ing on that engine anonymous says when
does politics turn into history and
become cool to talk about I didn't
realize there were people when people
stopped caring about the issues when
it's no longer relevant yeah yeah when
we when we have the the joy of hindsight
and we can say either Oh wasn't that
weird or wasn't that great at the time
we don't have 20/20 vision I didn't
realize there were people who hate Teddy
Roosevelt until a week ago really who
hates Teddy Roosevelt he was the
greatest when should you let stuff go
like Richard said when it no longer
matters how do you figure out when it no
longer matters that's that's another
that's another question
please sing Rainbow Connection in pig
latin it's my head would explode frying
how does the pit how does how does
Rainbow Connection start
why are there so many songs about
rainbow I went the other side
mae hong says about a's a bow raise
about eight rainbow everything aids
right in the song rainbow ways and a UPS
way on a the mother a i'd say that ah
that hurts my brain yes
whoa whoo all right nice
oh you go you guys
aim bow rainbow raise not not copyright
bots are just waiting for this stream to
hit YouTube absolutely my voice sounds
so much like the original copyright bots
are gonna be on this in a second wrench
in a second have I watched a movies
recently well quite recently I rewatched
blade and blade to blade 2 is pretty
good I forgot it's so stupid
why would you do that that's so that's
so it's it's almost like I wanted to
watch it so I could have a conversation
with someone
well any review ever be surprised we're
just gonna spoil every fucking one
what's wrong with us what's wrong with
this champion is it gonna deter anyone
from watching it no and you know what I
bet you someone thinks it matters
someone is right now upset yeah typing
in chat thing how dare you they've not
invented something that mankind is not
capable of getting upset about there was
a time in Malta Mazer where I thought
blade was the most badass movie ever to
exist I first saw blade when I was 16
years old
and that was the fucking and all be all
for me trenchcoats swords kung fu
fighting techno music bad fucking ass
I don't honestly I don't remember much
about blade yeah yeah
the you know it's a thing that exists
it's a thing that exists and you know I
have a conversation about it just wait
just wait no you know what Blake to was
pretty good Blade 3 I see and I haven't
seen Blade 3 Blade 3 as I hear when the
series goes to shit played you know
Blade 2 is Guillermo del Toro director
and then for Blade 3 or blade Trinity
they let David s Goyer directed yeah and
all of a sudden is here we stopped in a
few minutes - what a weird coincidence
first two movies made a good amount of
money back on their investment then they
gave it to David Goyer weird how that
would happen Pet Sounds is a great album
recruit more famous for you that's a
great album striker 1 121 you're on the
crew you know there's there's some
interesting points to the blade movies
there's some bad points there are some
good points it's interesting
I'm looking forward I got I got the
blu-ray that contained all three blade
movies with all the commentaries and so
I just got through to this morning and
so I think either either tonight after
the stream or tomorrow rocket launch
Blade 3 with Ryan Reynolds and Jessica
Biel really yeah like and you know like
Iran Reynolds wasn't like a big movie
star yeah but still a name well-known
you did obviously I'm not gonna say that
I'm and I'm not talking about anything I
talked about in the review which is the
important stuff so I won't go into
detail about my feelings about blade
I'm trying next time now that now that
I've gotten my foot in the door with a
90s action superhero movie this is this
is now gonna be like my niche it's gonna
be the Phantom the shadow Blankman Tank
Girl huh all these movies that I love is
growing up that's gonna be literally my
whole review repertoire all right who
like who wants to talk about all right
possibly like shitty 90s action movies
with me let's go if I do the storm
Johnny pneumonic absolutely there's
nothing anyone to start bad enough to
risk this is there no no you have pretty
good luck Johnny pneumonic remember
there was a dolphin hacker do you
remember that at the end of Johnny
mnemonic there was a dolphin hacker that
was great I think no I I don't I really
I really don't I don't remember media
man I never watched me do man I watched
blank man
Demolition Man loved Emily man but
everyone loved them
oh fuck sensors no that's not what I'm
saying fuck about what you saying talk
about their grounded okay giving them a
super shield oh well your chain Li your
chain ion will eventually start pumping
out right that lessens its attack over
time what does it do it gets stronger
ion oh okay we're not getting faster
well you get a stronger bead every time
you can't free god no I get the
opportunity I am so fucking murdering
every fucking one of you
[Music]
we don't have a three a panasonic 3do we
can't string 3do games I'm sorry if
anything we're gonna we're gonna get
ourselves a Sega Saturn so I can play so
I can play this gud the disposable
assassin game remember Scott the
disposable yeah great talent great comic
book I remember that I'm almost dead use
this cocksucker
that's easy to remember that cuz it's
right in front of our face
[Music]
what is my favorite streaming service I
mean Netflix Netflix seems to have all
the good stuff I'm also pretty fond of
Hulu there you go I am so gonna tear
your shit up there you go rich
oh that's weird now your shield does
nothing
[Music]
what I like cooler yeah that's a good
stuff and you know if if you want to
watch current shit you got to watch it
there Amazon Prime is a great streaming
service only because a lot of people
just have it already for the free
shipping and so you just happen to get
streaming along with them so but and
those are the three I have Hulu I don't
use that much but it has great the kids
want to lose more than I do for the they
have a lot of Cartoon Network stuff
that's more that's more of the kids but
I think it's worth it
yeah
yeah yeah you need to upgrade your
engines we got to start dodging some of
them some of them uh my souls
you know Jack trigger joy if you're
getting tired of Netflix Netflix just
has a lot more shit Amazon has a decent
selection Hulu I would say Hulu has a
better selection than Amazon especially
if you are if you want to watch somewhat
Current TV shows that's what I really
like about Hulu is you know the next day
after it comes out it's on Hulu so I'd
say if you're looking for a Netflix
alternative Hulu would be better but
only slightly
but with Amazon Prime you also get prime
shipping on things which is great so
free shipping on a ton of stuff if you
order stuff through Amazon anyway then
it's just that's that's just a no that's
a no brainer for me
[Music]
turkey burger turkey burger says if you
please give a one-word review of each of
the following movies demolition man
awesome underrated underrated demolition
yeah under a lawnmower awful
I'm gonna say pretentious yeah yeah I
think I think lawnmower man thinks it's
a lot smarter than it is blank man ooh
[Music]
[Music]
how can I say in one word that they
tried attempt Darkman great great Encino
man not so great but this that one word
one word is weasel and less of a Senna's
Dumont's you who loves wet
foreign thank you lol it back Mac at the
CAC oh oh
down they want to hear the music power
it's very loud there that's great that
looks great now when we talk we're above
it great I don't want to let them go
damn it
wait what the fuck is great about
Darkman do you mean besides do you mean
besides Liam Neeson and Sam Raimi and
besides the super weird story and Liam
Neeson being a freak and it being a dark
weird superhero movie your homework
assignment is to watch darkman yes well
so what's that one line give me the
fucking elephant yeah
Jiminy Cricket prick bastard rich what
what right what I'm sorry I didn't read
the whole thing for his rent if you had
the power to Beastmaster one species of
animal for a day what would it be what
does it mean to Beastmaster an animal
the Beastmaster can turn into animals a
human but like a really strong human
sure why not like you know the mountain
that uh that like Norwegian strongman it
plays the mountain on Game of Thrones
I'd be smashed her into him for a day
just because he's super strong I know I
know what to join a joke at this point
yes that's just not my fantasy never has
been to be an animal thing yeah
the thought has always been you
yeah I think his actual real name is
Thor like Thor Jurgen flirting and he's
the mountain and he's giant and he's the
strongest man on earth
anonymous says hey they're not a
complaint but I'd like to warn the chat
that political comments will get deleted
or even get you banned apparently even
Teddy Roosevelt is too provocative to
mention we do try to keep it neutral and
chat can get very excitable especially
while I'm talking about politics you
know I don't know I feel about that cuz
I like bringing this kind of stuff up
every now and then every now and then
but you know you don't want it you don't
want to light a fire I can't put out if
it's getting disruptive yes right I get
yeah I guess maybe months maybe ease up
a judgement call
wait till the judgment crazy he's up
just a tad but I don't want to start a
fire that I can't put out is my is my
worry mm-hmm and I know I know you guys
in chat I know you like to get freaky I
don't like the double standard though
welp I'll bring up politics no then I
will oh yeah no and that's fine
the thing is the chat doesn't know when
to move on yeah yeah I've noticed that
right well oh yeah I know and especially
with them you know as we get closer and
closer to the election things will get
more and more heated Tiberius Kirk I've
I've read all the tips I'm up-to-date on
tips
now mods xeno trope didn't say anything
that bad ease up a little bit
what's r9k mode
hold on Tiberius that's self destruct
what our 9k mode is self-destruct Oh God
oh now it's old me it's an emote only
mode
there we go that's easy
Tiberias we read we read that tomorrow
is the fiftieth anniversary of Star Trek
and oh sorry you know what I think I got
this confused with a different Star Trek
themed tip I'm so sorry Tiberias
tomorrow at 8:30 p.m. is the actual 50th
anniversary of Star Trek and that's when
the hollow dick always happens we're
doing where no man has gone before the
motion-picture and more watch Trek so
tomorrow tomorrow night at 8:30
if you hang out here in the chat the
hollow dicks are watching Star Trek
stuff and chatting about that sorry I
missed that Tiberias someone else talks
about the fiftieth the Star Trek
anniversary and favorite episodes and
then I saw the first sentence was 50th
Star Trek anniversary and so I lumped
both of them together so I do apologize
for that alright every one of those
fucking missed sorry
--mode only mode is hilarious and so I I
like that the mods are adorable in the
mods do a great job and it's a balancing
act I can't I can't imagine it's a
balancing act and they want to make sure
the chat stays clean and we appreciate
that we appreciate that we have a nice
clean chat and we can talk about stuff
that doesn't get everyone all riled up
I appreciate that captain epic amodal
only mode is very funny so I think I
think it's funny
you know what's not funny what aids why
are you laughing no I was thinking about
AIDS you think that's funny
yeah like super funny with you
like like Live Aid right where the
comedians tell jokes that's that's a
poor recovery that's so that's so that
was that was the best AIDS joke I could
think of given the situation that was so
transparent a bird would fly right into
it how was I supposed to how was I
supposed to turn that around to be an
aids joke you tell me you tell me you
just quietly just mumble aids to
yourself I'm just trying to think of a
better way to like okay so like I could
have I could have gone like yeah yeah
like you saw that movie right my aids in
Manhattan I thought that was a funny
movie does that better know say quit
while you're ahead but you're not ahead
night I'm just trying to think of what
would the proper joke to put it out quit
while you're not further behind
and that's true aids aids is no longer
at least at least in in developed
countries AIDS is no longer be the
life-threatening disease
life-threatening but it's manageable now
it's not a complete death sentence right
at least at least here in in first world
countries obviously it's still a giant
problem in developing countries and so
that you know because it's not as
serious a threat people are getting a
little a little loose with it oh I'm not
true Oh cheerful sunny I'm not trying to
bail on thinking AIDS is funny of course
AIDS is funny everything can be funny I
was trying to think of the joke to go
along with AIDS is funny you know so
badly
Jiminy Cricket prick bastard J is
usually pretty good but in the close-up
on his face in Batman vs Superman when
Mike says tell him to take his pants off
you can see him trying not to laugh it's
hysterical I could only imagine that's a
giant problem all the time
is them just trying not to laugh at each
other's bits they're always laughing at
their bits
no and you know I saw that two months
I'm okay with that one I know you're
trying to keep it clean in forces a
little comment I understand you're
trying to keep it clean for me but even
that like it doesn't really bother me
I appreciate it they take that away
because we can see with with chatty we
can see everyone's comments and then it
gets a strike through when you guys mod
it so we can see the comments and then
sometimes we can catch it before they're
taken away well that's
no no fili Burke Hill I have not I have
not made any of those jokes
and
I mean they're not nice but you know I'm
not gonna freak out about them
ah that old classic right well right and
see like I bring it up and then the
whole chat brings it up which was the
whole idea with the moderation so like I
get it I get it what's going up Oh
someone made an AIDS mobi reference okay
and I saw one of the mods
quickly delete the comment yeah and so
I'm just letting the mods know it's like
yeah that stuff doesn't bother me but
then I brought it up and so now all the
chat is bringing up well the AIDS movi
stuff and so like I understand their
instinct in wanting to moderate that
yeah you know like oh yeah if someone
makes it then the chat is gonna repeat
ad nauseam so I get it yeah as we are
talking about things that we are okay
not having moderated I thought I'd bring
it up yeah yeah I thought I'd bring it
up loosen it up a little bit you know
only child says hey fellas I've tried to
grow my beard out several times but have
never been able to get past the
itchiness any invite any advice I'm
getting through that stage it's gray
stage lol scratch my stubble just
scratch it a little bit here and there
don't go nuts I've never had I've never
it's never been a huge problem with me
that's it right now like I'm feeling it
yeah yeah like for my third day to day
it's no no you don't listen but you're
growing a beard man up man up pretty
much pretty much well then you know what
makes sure you trim it up you know like
you got to define your line under your
chin here right and so like you don't
want this stuff hanging out too low so
you know trim it up get yourself a nice
clean line and that'll help with the
itchiness and that'll help make it more
apparent that you're growing a beard not
just not shaving there's difference
between having a beard and just not
shaving
but you know what it gets better I
remember when I had my big beard it felt
it felt fine you get used to it the big
beer the big beard Jack and his big
badass beard right I played Smash
Brothers on I think we played smash
brothers on Wii I just got it for my 3ds
though I just cleared out a bunch of my
console games that I'm not gonna touch
anymore because I have the new PC so I
went over to gamestop today and turned
in a whole lot of them and like I had
them piled up like at quantum break
still yeah you know just a lot of no
man's sky background I don't throw
hardly anything out or selling oh yeah
yeah yeah so I went the game stuff today
trading a bunch in god I have to hate a
gamer before I sell him a no-man's guy
something it wasn't really an option
oh right right so
god I got Pokemon Y and I got Smash
Brothers for the 3ds so you got Pokemon
why why why yeah because I think it's a
really good game Pokemon y okay I picked
up a little too late sorry it's okay
it's okay
hey Jack and Rick says nuka-cola here's
a tip to thank you both again for your
voice acting help my cartoon is being
animated right now we'll let you know
when it's released thanks for always
being too awesome guys no problem that's
true a while ago Nico :
are you not firing on automatic that's
because I switched the spots I said that
to go add time damn it
Nico : to us saying that he was making a
little cartoon and wanted rich Evans to
do a voice and so we figured out a way
to record his voice and as soon as it's
out we'll let everyone know and you can
hear rich Evans in glorious animated
form that was I mean that was a hard 20
minutes we spent recording all those all
those vocals whoo
just just a tough afternoon gave it as
much effort as I gave anything else
very little no we worked on it no I know
I'm kidding
that's a fucking joke no understands
jokes
nobody you know I don't know I don't you
know I don't rich Evans
that's right rich Evans is now an
Internet Movie and animated superstar
boom boom
yeah well yeah Nico make sure make sure
you send me an email when it's out and
and we'll tweet about it make sure
everyone knows I have not been playing
Pokemon uranium I have it I have it on
my new computer and it works and I'm
kind of excited to play it but I'm
thinking that might be a good that might
be one of those good like maybe a J's
here stream and we just need something
mindless in the background so I'll put
pokemon uranium on you know I'll make
I'll make sure we get rich a copy on his
computer too so that'll be one of those
great no I don't have to think about it
so we can just all chat about random
bullshit games so I haven't been playing
it myself because I know that's
something that we can do on stream but
I'm really excited to play it that's
actually that's what that's what led me
to go get Pokemon Y because I have not
played Pokemon X or Y yet and you know
there's all the hype about this Pokemon
Sun and Moon coming out and then I'm
thinking about Pokemon uranium and
thinking about not playing Pokemon go
anymore so I need it I need a little
more Pokemon in my life and I'd like to
say Pokemon at least five more times
before the nights out Pokemon Pokemon
Pokemon Pokemon Pokemon bouquet bottom
that's it for you
okay I'm on
gotta catch up oh okay I'm on you can
actually live without catching them all
what you can live without catching them
all you gotta you gotta catch them all
why cuz why do you have to catch them
all cuz you gotta you don't you're your
fucking adult act like a fucking adult
but if you catch them all you get like a
special reward from the professor or
something you know what you only used
like five of them at a time six so
fucking waste six of them at a time but
rich do you want to be the very best
like no one ever was then catch the best
six it's not just about that you just
said it was about being the best yeah
the very best like no one ever won then
you said it's not about that but like to
catch them you're saying contradictory
things and I don't appreciate but rich
to catch them all is my real test and to
train them is my cause what that's the
song it's the song the Pokemon so I
wanna be the very best like no one ever
was to catch them is my real test to
train them is my cause I will travel
across the land on piercing searching
far and wide with Pokemon a mob real
friends the travel by Mossad I thought
making that up I don't think that's how
it works but yes we already talked about
a headphone jack gate 2017 buchumi kook
check us for it I'm I'm excited to see
what happens I'm okay with it for it
might be a little strong I'm okay with
it
it does not affect me in any in any
major way shape or form
well not a while ago I don't team rocket
baby you know what that's what I always
wanted and a lot of the earlier Pokemon
games you know you're fighting the bad
guy team who like steals pokemons uh-huh
and you always end up defeating them you
always end up breaking up their evil
organization I always wanted a Pokemon
game where you where you played as Team
Rocket and instead of like choosing one
of three starters you start off in the
rocket warehouse and you can choose any
Pokemon you want because you've stunts
you know like your team has stolen them
all and then you go you go off on your
Team Rocket quest to steal all the
Pokemon from little kids okay
I've always wanted a game like that
maybe a fan game will oh oh that's right
I'm anti headphone and pro YouTube
censorship Shoto man proto man that is
what crazy thing will Jack be in favor
of next just never know man I'm all
sorts of weird
that's right in Pokemon you have to
enslave and make animals fight each
other that's the whole point of the
pokemons leftover beefcake says a VR
Pokemon game will finally sell jack on
VR it wouldn't hurt wouldn't hurt what I
think we're done and we're done and
we're done anonymous says I should play
the real pokemon theme for rich probably
not because he doesn't care cuz he
thought it was caramel he doesn't he
doesn't care
oh shit in fur so sorry jack I thought
my joke was innocent enough but here's
five Australian dollars to go towards
the moderator fund because as well we
know they do it for free that's right
the moderators do to do it for free and
they do a great job technically leftover
beefcake I am killing it at FTL tonight
I get it
what I don't understand that at all so
I'm not reading it wait what I put the
twat rubber to go I know I pulled it up
earlier oh god damn it um this time supa
says damn it rich you have to catch them
all if you don't then you're betraying
the spirit of Pokemon to waste your time
raising imaginary monsters to fight fake
battles and throw real money at Nintendo
that's true
Caesarion fart says hey guys quick movie
question do either of you guys have a
personal favorite comedy about aids nope
I'm looking for a recommendation for my
girlfriend lol flip my flip my flip
strife in traverses have you two heard
of the short run of Superman the
Superman that max with Landis Road yes
Superman American alien yeah right a
couple issues of it yeah ready
I've read more I'm just I don't spend
much time in comic books in a line his
name of the series I believe it has
eight if issues flub my schlubs Sarah
Chen professor oak what happened to you
oh wait wait is this like that's like
small professor oak right oh my god
professor oak got a spray tan oh my god
hey guys it's time to end the stream
stop it Mike ever grow a beard says
captain black I don't know Bravo cop
says I just changed my text tone to
Cameron Mitchell screaming will you
close the fucking doors thanks for the
inspiration here's some money you're
welcome and then did you get this one
yes oh so we're not professor of what
happened to you
okay great now is the time in which we
read off all the people who subscribed
to us during the stream thank you for
subscribing to us no fear no Envy
nineteen months in a row and no fear no
envy says 21 fucking months in a row
that would be incorrect no fear knowing
it wasn't they himself an extra month
ooh that one they would have needed
right yeah just try to trick us I think
uh get fired a 42 says this is one of
things but he also up 20 fucking once
enrollees would subscribe for but I got
it so excited to say god Fudd ok the fan
you can do but you can do the Godfather
thank you I can't do Brando in ferret
can you see the name that's it what you
got it with the really important the
Brenda is happen with like Peter boy you
gotta go a little down and fill it up if
they're well sewer through the Godfather
42 that twenty months it's forever I
know I had to switch up because that's
how I was picking people where to go I
wasn't accidentally closed at that last
time you you did you had the Torah
because you were randomly picking people
for FTL and instead of minimizing it you
must have sex yeah well yeah shit
happens
we got names we read everything's fine
everything's fine John kilo 328 fucking
once in a row John kilos / subscribers
okay great
oh I did miss your other tip only child
only John says I'm supporting your
Milwaukee economy by drinking a Schlitz
right now enjoy your beer crap Slater
it's the beer that made Milwaukee famous
Jack what's your favorite wisconsin beer
i'm a big fan of everything by New
Glarus
yeah New Glarus is great I like MKE
brewing specifically hop freak and OG
both are tea infused IPAs I'm not a
drinker but everyone seems to love that
that spotted cow's body responded count
New Glarus spotted cow that's like it's
it's a light beer and it's flavorful
lakefront brewery is a great brewery but
but for me it's all about MK that that
uh hop freak and OG smelt No yeah
smelter wedge in all of us twenty four
fucking months in a row two years kick
girl V possibly kicked girl five depend
how you want to say that says rich and
Jack you are the sunshine of my life oh
thank you very much appreciate it
I on eyes nice and I says I've played
this game dozens of times and never beat
it on normal oh well thanks for the
streams and laughs and laughs rich must
be the sub when I was doing the solo bit
early and that's rich they weren't
trying to be rude it was just me earlier
no Bob Levin probably been dream assign
since it's my seventh month anniversary
the things of the things said so so I'm
just letting you know that it's my
seven-month anniversary trying to get it
in there anyway that's great no that's
fine what lists for 23 fucking months in
a row I that was horrible but you know
do anything keep sayin your Nam 17
months in a row I'm clean man
twenty three fucking months in a row on
kool-aid man says one more month until I
am depressed by this oh I'm sorry you
feel that way
Wow baron von lights welcome James Ellie
thanks for a great evening of
entertainment gents
keep it up ah mandopony 'm mandopony 'm
welcome and genghis born 922 fucking
motherfucking fucking months in a row
Genghis bored man says watch your
language
for shit fuck for shit's sake rich watch
your fucking mouth we just do it for
shits and giggles I thought with all the
with all the crap and bullshit and and
horseshit and also pig shit
