Mar 23, 2016
Police Quest II: The Vengeance, XCOM 2: War of the Chosen
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/67123782
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/67124098
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/67124972
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/67125752
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yyPWNKninls
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KF4FrblzVEo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jlIJvAp9Chk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DbTiENogyKU
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/712728025847242759

[Part I]
and that you're talking about a movie
called the twist and I was very really
like the twist
what the hell I've never heard of that
movie I've never been too fond of the
plot hole no that's all right take your
time think think of it think of a movie
I laughter I have to bring up the the
face sheet anyway I'm just gonna start
the fucking game well wait one more
question that's very important yeah have
you been have you seen any daredevil yet
literally just like the the first 10
minutes of season 2 before or something
come up I had to go so I started I
started today okay
I'm not done yet I'm only like nine
episodes in which means I'm close to the
end
mm-hm so you know the one thing I will
say about daredevil I am enjoying it is
the internet I tried to stay away from
all the spoilers but the internet was a
tizzy about like do you remember in
season 1 they had the one-shot fight
scene right the hallway fights was a
great fight scene fucking amazing fight
scene right and they're like if you
thought that was crazy there's this
other thing in season 2 that's gonna top
it and either I haven't gotten there yet
or it did not even come close to topping
it because I've been waiting for it like
where's this awesome fight scene and the
fight scenes have been alright but
nothing is near that hallway fight scene
you know I think I'm just gonna spend
the whole second season mourning for the
makeshift costumer you know he's in full
costume now yeah full new costume I like
it
wait what is that I hear us I was
probably the probably my web browser has
the yep has there we go that has the
stream open that's a wait I was weird
yeah okay
that's what it was
VAR er I'm not gonna tell rich basically
you're unimpressed oh my god they they
overhyped a way overhyped
that would that fight sequence was not
nearly as cool as the hallway
exactly exactly our Miller I'm with you
entirely that way if that's supposed to
be the breathtaking fight scene dude
rich the rich have no expectations about
an amazing fight since it's just
something in the chat most stairwell
there's the state apparently that's it
okay there we go have no expectations
over hazel we've not played salt and
sanctuary yet that'll be our next game
once we're done with with the police
quest the makeshift costume added a dose
of believability doit of realism to it
and it looks cool that the new costume
just throws out the window the new new
costume is passable they they throw out
half the grit though the yes yes they do
I don't like that yeah I like the grit
give me back that grit that whole first
season like fight scenes included was
all grit yeah and you know but you know
you can't you can't stay there forever
I sure you can't stay there don't stops
working you go out was working on four
stops working
yeah I think I think that my little
buddies little bit too plain let's have
some dark storylines whatever what dies
don't need that you don't need to
violently change tone because it's
getting old I'm okay with it I I would
prefer the old costume because I think
it looks way better I actually can't
give you didi spoilers chat because I've
only seen the first 10 minutes yeah of
season two I could spoil the first ten
minutes oh my god we're daredevil
doesn't punch anybody that might be true
I forget he hits a bunch of people off
camera there's a physical armed
robbery's running down the street I do
what what I'm really enjoying overall
Marvel Universe wise and this is no
spoilers I swear to you two snow
spoilers as everyone knows the Punisher
is in season two
and so like the big question looming
over season two and this was hinted at
in the previews is you know like what
makes one vigilante right and one
vigilante wrong you know the Punisher is
the bad guy cuz he kills but but
Daredevils going out then kicking
people's asses how where do we draw the
line and it's like setting up the
matically setting up Captain America
Civil War is really nice getting you in
that and that mindset I think it's neat
yeah it's neat what they can do as a
universe one just Punisher show up how
how soon I want to say first episode
okay but I don't ride own trial I'm 9 in
and I've been binging so it's like I
don't remember early he shows up early
this can't be a spoiler because I
haven't seen Elektra everyone knows
she's in it okay um you want to know
when she shows up
sure just something just tell me when
she shows up just kind of curiosity not
early not early right
like is the whole like thematically is
it all just the Punisher because like
kingpin was the running thing right is
there who's the big bad guy oh yeah I
spoil err alright that's fine that's
fine that we can't tell you but I love
that actor who plays The Punisher okay
yeah he had a small role in the first
couple seasons of Walking Dead a small
role he had a good were good role in the
first couple seasons of Walking Dead
he's a good Punisher I I enjoy him he
can only play a very serious menacing
dude and he fucking plays the shit out
of it alright so alright he can't be
anybody can't be better than Dolph
Lundgren hahahaha let's be honest no
one's as good as Dolph Lundgren at
anything he's no Dolph Lundgren's
notifier but if you had to just peck at
the Dolph Lundgren memorial it would be
him yeah I always a little chip little
chip the Dolph Lundgren memorial
I already MIT grad do you know that
Dolph Lundgren yes he's a he's a
linguist
wait is that Dolph Lundgren or Lauren's
only he's an engineer is the part of
Dolph Lundgren as a linguist is
hysterical I think that's Loretto
absolutely hysterical that might be I
might be thinking of Lorenzo Lamas Dolph
Lundgren is a chemical engineer Dolph
speaks like five languages is what
they're saying that's great jack is
always running no what if one of those
I'm one of those old 80s 90s action
stars is like a professor of something I
want to say it doesn't matter okay
what's so funny about Dolph Lundgren as
a linguist is that a joke it's talking
about masters of the universe recently
yeah
with Mike and Jake and a great movie
with don't wonderin I don't think he
knew how to speak English when he got
cast for that no seriously they wanted
to dub his lines the other reason I
didn't get dubbed over in masters
University cuz they like ran out of
money so they just kept his audio that's
great that's great he's the bad guy from
Rocky
yes for for Rocky for he's the Russian
Dolph Lundgren beefcake i we have two
subscribers already beefcake beefcake is
still working on our Twitter and if we
if we miss subscribers we're really
sorry
beefcake give me the the subscribers
give give to me I must break you
okay oh yeah bounce
Sonny bounds all that way I'm gonna wait
for a beefcake to give me the thing and
then we all please quest crash yay
perfect
Weston hormon 21 fucking months in a row
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate that also as a toast thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it
and if we forget any more beefcake just
give us a shout out I have my face
wotcher up make sure this was actually
showing on the screen important rich
very important whoa is he swimming fast
yep whoa stream of 20 minutes and we
literally have not even touched the game
we talked about daredevil we talked
about Dolph long we did the important
stuff we talked about agree with that we
did the all the important stuff and
further for the record I have not seen
Batman vs Superman yet or Superman
versus Batman I guess the Superman vs
Batman I guess it doesn't matter but how
do they who gets top billing
I've always I've been saying Batman vs
suits so why but it's the Man of Steel
sequel kind of oh so is it Superman vs
Batman what's that creepy right major
Tom servo glad you're liking that is
that is Bane's be ains that was fucking
easy that's easy Major Tom servo glad
you're like a nuclear throne that's a
fun game that's a fun little twin stick
shooter oh that's right oh shit
okay get up and shoot him
now wait she's not dead even though
there's no blood and we'll we'll find
out sure you can do this draw gun
should I say freeze which I should shoot
the gun I mean he has a machine gun I
would shoot no questions asks what
marksman with marksmanship my bullet has
found its target the hijacker falls to
the floor and his dying breath he says
I'm taking you all with me he says in a
fading voice the timing device on the
bow you know what the timing device
andhe bomb has been activated I put my
gun back in my holster and survey the
onslaught people on the plane look
relieved except for the dead one no no
I'm everyone would be fuckin relieved
she's fine it's fine she's fine a HAP's
78 thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
the Stewart is still Bentley shaken up
things meet the very very makes me very
much for saving your life and then heads
into the gut bed okay we need to find a
bomb now oh I bought Boise Boise sunny
your holy cat hole I mean I mean crap
you're such a hero but uh you know I
hate to I hate to burst in on you like
this and there's just one more thing
rich one more thing sunny sunny one more
thing we better find that bomb you know
or else we're all gonna blow up but
that's what I'm guessing okay Milken I'm
milking my Keith I'll go I'll go I'll
check the cockpit area you search yeah
I'm just gonna leave frame again once
again I'm gonna leave frame that's what
I'm gonna do you're gonna be smoking to
get at you prime I'm probably gonna be
smoking ice what is what is the proper
police procedure should is the police
been obligated to yell freeze first I
just shot him he's just walking out the
door I'm just curious what what the
letter of law says about that did Sonny
bonds just commit manslaughter but I'm
saying I wouldn't find it justified but
would the law
we need to hear from an actual policeman
I think I think as long as they're
according to the policeman's hands
booked in or you know the the police
quest handbook right well I think that I
think this game is part written by an
actual former police officer so there
was one of the selling points okay
the use of firearms in course of duty
the discharge of a firearm at any person
will be done only in life-threatening
situations okay a police officer may use
a firearm only in self-defense when
assaulted with a deadly weapon a police
officer may use a firearm when in fear
of his life or the life of another okay
so he has a machine gun yes he's already
made a death threat it's probably take
that machine gun and and so I think
there was reasonable fear for the your
safety and the safety of those around
you all right yeah all right I did a
good thing I think you did a good thing
I know someone a friend a friend of the
family actually teaches at the police
academy yeah and next time I see him I
will ask yeah yeah like do you have to
yell freeze or if you just see a guy
with a mask and a machine gun like you
shot somebody else who was holding
somebody hostage yeah it was only
somebody hostage yeah then then his
partner in crime walks through the door
their guns up in the air yeah he wasn't
he wasn't walk he didn't walk out with a
gun pointed at you in fact that he kept
walking backwards he didn't yes in that
situation what's the deal do you try to
take him you know well you know what you
probably might have wanted to take him
alive to get more information out of him
right yep probably but of course now we
have time to think about it that was
adrenaline surging through our veins we
got to find that bomb oh you better save
I'm good
did you we're going to okay great
there's a cockpit door an exit door in
front and the door in the back leading
to a bathroom probably in the bathroom
they came from the back hmm I think we
can safely assume bathroom bombing
I oh right
like like like a poop is it is that what
you thought
that's like a poop that's just where
your brain automatically one poop jokes
all the time 100% all the time
the best hijack that wears a ski mask
why is this texture style a little bit
different then and obviously is
elsewhere in the game it's like up in
the corner the font looks smaller to me
listen me I think it's just the fancy
played a special the plane is special
right now yeah mass hijacker was a ski
mask a loose green jacket with many
buckets and blue jeans he has an Uzi
machine gun in his grip get Susie yeah
wait wait
don't open the kit I'm doing crime scene
investigation should you know I should
probably I should probably find that
bomb that's exactly what you should do
which high Jagga the mass of the
unmasked the mast okay
murder in the front bomber in the back
search missed pockets sure I find a pair
of wire Clippers in the jagged pocket of
the mast hai jacket bit a bit a bit no
yeah it's fine up there that is I was
waiting for that
that's right kick him for good measure
that's what I would do you dickhead I
find nothing in the jacket buckets of
the unmatched high jacket okay what else
does it say about me turbans a
9-millimeter I mean you should take both
of their guns in case they're not dead
wants me to be specific uh-huh
I checked the unmess hijackers packets
and find what appears to be some sort of
name on an ID card I look at the name
and the obviously phony ID card how the
hell did he get through them
airport security it's a joke it's the
80s I think joke I'm at a bad dude
really that's what you're going with
them man a bad dude that's what you're
going with it for his actual name
that's his phony ID no that's his phony
name is a there's a man who would
realize murder innocent civilians and
you're making it you're calling a man a
bad dude yep we're gonna we're gonna
pretend that this is all child's play is
that what we're doing game that's
exactly what we're doing that's exactly
what we're doing less than Kate thank
you for subscribing for 16 monta no I am
I am offended what I am I am I am Sonny
bonds and somehow I am offended I mean
how the fun is they pull that off it was
the 80s man they didn't care I'm the
most racist cop that's ever want to beep
and I've offended by our metal battery I
bet a bad dude it's a they seem to be
making light of the situation that's
true
ah this game is designed for children
hence the murder prostitution and boring
political dialogue looking through the
pants of the best hijacker I find
nothing literally he has no dick making
fun of making fun of the hijacker not
the situation I think that's appropriate
okay you need to find a bomb now yeah
time pauses I think when text is on the
screen I think we're okay okay doot doot
doot doot doot doot looking around
looking around it looks like I'm looking
around actually I just can't walk
diagonally actually oh I can't I just I
haven't been using the number pad okay
looking around the room I see a sink
toilet trashcan and a paper towel
dispenser trash can yeah yeah the trash
can I see left trash move trash
Oh we learned that lesson right from the
other trash can get Trish get trash you
search trash okay
well so we have an earlier paper towel
dispenser look at paper towel dispenser
all right now we have a thing open
looking rather Oh open dispenser open it
oh my god it's a bomb it appears to be
made by Acme bomb is full why is it a
timing device so shit oh god we have a
minute we have to just choose a wire
because our manual there's gotta be a
solution a bomb disposal manual bomb
disposal manual what's in the manual
oh here for use of getting rid of
firearms on an airplane shooting range
computer blue white yellow and purple
wire attached to the bomb look add
purple wire purple wires connected look
look at timer right blue wire is
connected oh look at the timer they're
all connected that doesn't help
uh-huh blue what the white okay okay
okay cut all the just cut all the wires
I've I've played keep talking and nobody
explodes with this man uh-huh
I know better than to listen to him
never listen to me you're gonna try to
use your brain and I think that's that's
problem number one that wasn't using
your brain no no I was gonna try and do
I could try to shove it down the toilet
I was actually gonna trying to shove the
bomb down the toilet because I couldn't
find a clue
sure I'm what wire to cut first I
thought maybe that's a red herring oh
the wire sniffers were I thought maybe
the wire snippers were a red herring
that's that's interesting
interesting
I want to shoot at the red guys right
this time it's lupus I saw a lot of
comments speaking of the the super hot
discussion yeah a lot of people were
complaining about how much time we spent
on the story what else to talk about
exactly also like the story is complete
bullshit and you have to play through
the story mode in order to play the
endless mode
it's a required it's so much bitching
going on in the comments that videos let
people bitch just is there seemed like
it yeah seem like there's a lot of
bitching on our videos so much potential
of what you do but you didn't I don't
know what we didn't do it he doesn't
like me mad about something it seems
like you guys just have like a
conversation about games it's not like
objective at all wait they're saying
search the other guy's pants did you get
the wires nippers yeah I shouldn't read
that because they're reading
walkthroughs yep you shouldn't I
shouldn't you're right oh oh his ID did
you get his ID oh I don't know if you
need it
thought I did
oh they're telling if they're trying to
give us hints on how to get get extra
points do you want to get extra points
sure they're saying you can unmask the
guy and take a picture
now or maybe not
you guys should order your playlist from
newest to oldest first on your channel
page I do agree with that for what the
first video like let the main video just
like Sims cuz a random video when you go
to them well when you go to are you when
do you go to our YouTube page our first
video I think is like Sonic it seems
we're just some kind of random one when
I do it it's different for like some
people who are sub that unsub right
for what oh wait for one for the YouTube
channel no no it should be the same big
video like a it's Sonic or order a
teenager I thought undertale was
probably one of the random undertale was
real it was up there for me last time I
went I'll double check that well and I
have our our previously recorded live
playlist going from oldest to newest so
you could so because a lot of people
just like to watch them one right after
the other and then you can watch them in
order that should probably be the other
way around though for that you mother
review on the newest games first I think
you think yeah oh no for I'm saying for
the twitch stream cut-ups
for the twitch stream cut-ups oldest to
newest that's how I have it probably
right there
I don't but I agree for previously
recorded that should be newest oldest
because then you get the most modern
game I'll look into it
my good man I don't think I could take
off the ski mask I think you're wrong
okay okay great let's go let's save and
undo a bomb oh I did search and then
removed it you you stupid game
what I think that's the music the
confusion my kid was check that another
plane and I don't have it so that all
that nonsense won't be grabbing the kid
I think they just wanted you to get that
today they probably just wanted me to
get this message hi there's one more
thing they want you to do what they want
you to search the turbine okay I can't
help but I'm reading the chat now chat
try not to spoil it for us we want to
figure stuff out ourselves but to be
fair we already went through this okay
there's the unmasked hijack is turbine
and find a piece of paper entitled
building your own bomb and I just feel
so it feels so unrewarding I was up my
list of things to do was that or would
you have had might have forgotten to do
it in our gibbering exactly that all
right no more spoilers chat I think we
should stop reading did I get I'm a bad
guy oh wait what are you saying what I
say it said it would not be a good idea
to exit the plane at 25,000 feet I'm not
trying to walk over there you were
okay I may add a bad dude you keep
trying to exit the point no the game
thinks I'm trying to I'm not trying to
too much new key you can give
suggestions as long as you are not look
going through through but here's the
problem we don't know who's looking
through the wreath or not so I'm going
to be a little more careful about
reading the chant okay oh wait do you
have your bum did you look at the bomb
thing oh I'll read it now I'm gonna read
it when I was there but fine
read bomb thing what's it called listen
what's the name they want wrong
instructions okay Qaddafi they're not
that clever connect yellow wire for
timer connect white for battery backup
and disconnect yellow wire connector
wire and blue wire for main battery set
timer connect yellow wire bomb is now
armed do not move or touch wires morning
only connect same color wires connecting
wires and have the other one results in
immediate detonations you don't have to
do this in Reverse so if we snip the
snip the yellow wire like should we do
this in Reverse this is how you make the
bomb snip the yellow wire snip the blue
and the purple then since the white I
might be 9,000 percent wrong sure I'm
gonna try say yep save or out of or
officially out of places to put saves
okay so yellow blue purple white is the
order you want to do it in by the way
all right so cut trashcan man I'm
looking into it I was right about being
a backwards by the way oh yeah yeah nice
oh wait you're blue purple is what's
next
Connect purple wire and blue wire yeah
say blue and purple yeah I mean if
you're if you're gonna just yeah fall
backwards you have ten seconds left
I'll write that down route and deliver
now wait
white to connect yellow huhu connect
yellow did you already snip yellow yeah
there's only one wire left connect that
I'm doing only all of these backwards oh
I get it
I didn't get it before cut white and
then cut yellow jack oh god I'm a
fucking cliche bitch cliche one second
left
that's great rich yeah that's great
if this remain like in the modern era
I've got an achievement for that shit
by the way that's really true a
meaningless achievement that is really
true
mini metro
oh why don't you just work through need
overhead oh no I announced everyone that
I have successfully disarmed the bomb
with one second left because I was very
proud of that fact you can smell the
collective feces filling everyone's pets
and horde shares in office words of
praise all right
hmm oh yeah Oh sunny yeah you did you
did such a good job I I want to let you
know I might have thought that I could
do it better but I could not have yeah
we are we are how do I do that captain
cool yeah we are right listen Southern
Southern Castle their town everything
cool you know what everything goes
southern just do it we're now land and
please sit down and buckle your
seatbelts keith is a useless bastard
absolutely we are now on the ground
Varya our 77 said you had some mad leet
bomb disposal experts and you deserve a
can of soda each thank you thank you
Varya are Jack what oh god Sonny I don't
I'm getting nothing oh hey sky Marc
walks with me my my son wouldn't the
heaven's name y'all get into hair I mean
just shot some tourists no big deal
with my heart pounding and my voice
breaking I explained in detail the
events surrounded the attempted
hijacking my heart always pounds when
I've murdered somebody
it really gets my blood flowing hmm it's
hard to stop myself sometimes let's go
the suspects whole family just because
you know I was in the zone
most people are embarrassed by their
erections but when I talk about murder I
lean back a little
this zeenat rope that I give the sky
mash of the paper wire Clippers telling
him how I designed the bomb zenit rope
20 fucking months in a row thank you for
subscribing well it looks like you did a
job well done to me feller y'all go
right ahead on your business with finish
cleaning up this
miss partner has mighty kind of you that
is I mean that you hate that I leave the
airplane because that's really that's
the proper way to phrase it in proper
English you and Keith and we'll need
airport by Officer javis Pitman he
provides us with transportation to the
police station oh my god were a
helicopter that's awesome Wow yeah let
me show you what this baby can do
the whole sandwich your mats you'll mass
anomer at you'll mass thank you for
subscribing and a Theodore J Hooker
nineteen months in a row thank you for
subscribing oh wow that was that was a
crazy amount of fun I didn't know how
much I would ba though sorry about all
my boffin I should not have been so
drunk before we got in the war of the
Boyd you have seared Steelton PDR very
similar to those back home and lit
that's that's very good doctor lady
doctor lady oh oh you must be mr. bounds
and mr. Robinson or whatever the
lieutenant's waiting for you I heard I
heard what y'all do with them tourists
hmm that's what I assumed that's what I
assumed everyone does it Marie is that
you that's what I assume everyone does
in the wake of Sonny bombs you sound
just like my future wife oh that's so
funny as she approached I mean secretary
as well hey actually yes she was
that's amazing I'm gonna go into this
office now what 20 bucks
what yeah go in the office I didn't hear
nothing as you should be nothin wild
Willie what kind of voice should wild
Willie have you were gonna do somebody
is papyrus right oh yeah that's wild
Willie Astaire papyrus Oh shakes your
hand and says detective bones and
Robinson will come to steal turn well
you do that Jason one fun upstanding
citizen continue what you've got you
dudes are chasing one fine upstanding
citizen it seems this Park
Baines has really started his handiwork
here to the booty you know that you know
that phone tap subject down Kobe without
waiting for a reply oh sorry it's hard
to tell where he starts talking in the
text starts it's fine it's fine
holy shit I hate to tell you boys but I
have to putting out a topic over phone I
sent an unmarked unit over to check on
him and you were not believing my man
found him deader than a doornail with
the 32 cowboy hole in his head
mercy we did manage to connect on one
threatening call from Baines I don't
think it will help but the call was
traced to a payphone at our local Bert
Martin I said a man over there look
around he says but nothing was found
that's what the man says he says you
know I'm saying I'm saying whoa
you guys'll probably want to go over
there
around but I think you'll be spinning
your wheels
I think officer Pittman is waiting for
you in the hall he could drive you over
to the park if y'all need it
come on boys No Limit a new Keith this
is it Mears everything in Steelton like
some kind of crazy Texas parody yeah
boom boom boom boom boom it's like all
of the stereotypes are here even more
stereotyping I just shot a man named I'm
at a bad guy dude I'm a bad dude man I'm
a bad dude he was wearing he was wearing
a turban and these people are talking
like like Mad Men I don't you know I
want to go rob some cattle so many types
of things somebody just said that office
where's my pickup truck
who took my pickup truck Keith and I
because that is proper English I driven
to dirt park not Burt Ward Burt Ward
some terrible district by Java's Pittman
a 20-year veteran who looks 10 years
younger than his real age plastic
surgery Jiri Gav's me with stories of
his escapades as he young but Ruhlman by
the time I reached the pack I'm
beginning to wish he retired last year
it's kind of a prick Sharon of officer
Pittman climbs out of the patrol car and
heads into the park with me talking all
the way Jarvis this is javis I know you
do a Jarvis you know as opposed to parks
interest the Victoria fire six with the
burglary in progress at 10th and violent
request respond immediately wrongful
will boys I got to go but I doubt you'll
find anything so I doubt you'll find
anything but go ahead and
around the park won't you my crumpets
tea right here right here is the
telephone booth Baines used to make that
call I didn't know smashing for you to
dial up the numbers and long 20 I think
I'll call us when when you need to be
picked up or if you need any kind of
assistance oh I I do wish you the best
of luck but again most likely fail I
have to go now okay
I have to do I have to do a British
noise well why are your why are your
hands like a dinosaur are you what are
you a Tyrannosaurus Butler I think all
British people have weak wrists that's
how I picture them in in my mind I
picture them with very weak wrists
mostly from all of the tea they have to
hold so they pick up the tea and it just
it moves their wrists right down yes
Keith looks around oh this is this is
Keith now yeah not bad not Jarvis Jarvis
has gone Elvis is gone his locker do you
know I'll tell you this I've been I've
been listening to an audio book lately
and it's by a British man and he
narrates his own audio book and I just
love the accent Dirk gently's holistic
detective agents yeah the the audio book
is read by the author
by Douglas Adams and it is quite a
lovely audio book mostly because he
talks like this and it's very soothing
ah yes huh I know you know they're doing
the the TV show soon they're turning it
into a decently Dirk Gently huh that and
a max landis is helping right through
that and or produce it or something he's
involved somehow and so I was like oh I
should read this book and I couldn't
read it because it's written so verbose
that it breaks my head like I tried I
tried reading a couple chapters and I
had to reread the couple chapters and it
was just too much for me but the
audiobook is love you ever read any of
the Hitchhiker's no no no started as a
it started as a radio show oh yeah yeah
so you might be interested in tracking
those down okay that would be great yeah
just-just smarmy fast-talking british
folk i love it
okay um uh oh i think we should split up
sunny here's what's gonna happen you go
do all the detective work you need to do
and i'm gonna try to find me some taxes
hookers yeah that's fine it's not it's
not it was a crazy man trying to murder
your fan no you just you just go crazy
I'm good I'm gonna go look for hookers
in the park
someone's trying to murder my whore do
you have any idea how much stress that
puts on a men chick with a rich thank
you for subscribing weed super
appreciate you not even walking towards
the part you're walking all the way from
the put you're going why you're heading
to that twig the coffee shop I don't
think he could find any clues in this
old auto shop
let me get my bell maybe it doesn't work
the same in Texas it's fucking useless
fucky-fucky gives lists who has to shoot
all the terrorists I he was sitting down
he was sitting in the chair while I shot
the terrorist I can't believe it
that's right abuse Kirk Elijah woods
gonna play a new character now character
not in Dirk Gently bed pack is not
unlike many other city packs around the
country yeah the trees lon other
greenery said foursome forth a peaceful
mood look at greenery greenery that's
what the game called it does that I'm
gonna okay and other greenery look at
trees look at the trees yeah there you
go
look at Laden
it makes me think of gravity and Isaac
Newton mm-hmm I appreciate science yeah
yeah you know it's because of science
that we have the atom bomb
that's what puts us on top of the rest
of the world that's true that's true
why don't we check out that hole that
either the fountain or the phone right I
mean look at the phone yes it's a public
telephone wait rich what give your kid
did it land with you I know I know I was
all set to take fingerprints on that
phone god damn it I realized that when
we walked in the park like oh yeah okay
obviously if there's fingerprints to be
taken we missed it it's think we missed
it it's possible I'm gonna say it's too
late at this point I'm gonna say we
don't leave Steelton I think the games
gonna end here you think
yeah but not with our lady well I think
she's here woman I think you got
kidnapped and dragged along mmm he's my
guest that's my guests I don't know I
don't know things all right look at the
public telephone and lo and behold the
number matches the one given to me by
the tenon okay great search search phone
didn't find anything interesting look at
booth yes
search booth okay yeah check out that
fountain
it's a combination birdbath and wishing
well nothing special about it no look in
water drink water I think that's gonna
help Osamu glar oh my god they're ducks
jack look at the Ducks look at the cute
ducks oh my god there's other places
turd smuggler for divorces hey guys I
had my headphones on and when rich
laughed my wife from across the room
thought a bird was cackling outside keep
up the good work.we
we are working on fixing the hiss from
the compressor until we do that rich is
going compressor lists there's gonna be
the ups and downs but I think we figured
out what's going on with the compressor
someone said I need to get uh nor I need
to get balanced XLR cables to deal with
the electro snows in the room oh my god
that sounds fancy
it sounds very fancy so I'm purchasing I
have purchased they're being delivered
to me balanced XLR cables whatever that
means you notice a man approaching you
shoot him ask questions later I noticed
that a man is approaching home
threatening me
the man says give me all your money dude
I'll rip you apart with my bare hands
what kind of voice is that for a punk
that's what he says I'm narrating huh
are we going all your money all your
money
raise a gun draw a gun shooting shooting
shooting oh don't fight now don't you
really I think you're acting fast I'd
whip out my badge and identify myself
evidently the Muslim the mugger doesn't
like cops
chef Shawn filmmaker freaks I didn't
know balanced XLR cables were a thing
you just go to the store and buy XLR
cable so you know these might be bounced
for all I know how do you know if
they're balanced or not they're just
talkin cups are cables I don't know
nothin about nothin' the pond really
adds to the scenery that's all it
doesn't this game oh oh what was that I
was gonna dog cat thing so really you
can't do anything with this pond that's
what they just told you
well I know I'm saying like are we
believing them that's all the pond does
in this game
dip face in pond inter fund penetrate
get duck get duck
letting a barbecue why your girlfriend's
kid that come on me where's my sense of
proportion I'm hungry
can't blame the man for wanting to kill
and cook and consume his own need
look around and see a willow tree
flowers chain-link fence like a tree and
I'm trust this tree oh look at that tree
it's a hippie tree get a haircut a
haircut you lousy willow tree a
sanctuary for our feathered friend this
is gonna be a body in the tree climb
tree and then find anything interesting
climb right climb tree you're not an
Indian scout study bonds you're a
homicide detective remember
I'm sorry I'm trying to detect the park
and if I could get a height advantage I
think the game she's getting lazy at
this point just throw get my budget
areas letting to do with them is nothing
just walk around it's fine it is it's
it's it's a nice location change you
know we've been in in dumb old city for
so long oh seven reasonably new picnic
tables
okay we're having a ma zouri says I did
a brief stint at a music school and I
can testify that balanced / shielded
cables makes a world of difference 90%
of the time they're on their way they're
on their way maybe by Sunday we'll get
them and also telegin says can the next
character be Bernie Sanders also sunny
will you be voting for Bernie Sanders I
don't know if I can do it Bernie Sanders
I don't I can I know I can trick old
Jewish man really just do you just do um
Curb Your Enthusiasm camera okay you
just do Larry David right I'm not the
impression guy right I'll think about it
I'll see if I can hear him in my head if
I can get if I can do a bernie
impression i well as for sunny bonds
sunny bonds has only voted for one
president and continues to vote for
Ronald Reagan yes yes even in this
election
sunny bonds is voting for Ronald Reagan
he writes in Ronald Reagan every year
one of these days it's gonna work
mr. creepy thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it and thank you
beefcake for reminding us of subscribers
while your Twitter is down
the Bernie trick is to use tons of
Statistics is the 1% of the 1% of 22.5%
I don't know I don't know why why
everybody is you know what it's almost
like a little Nixon but older and Jewish
er yeah hello you got a you got a it's a
1% and the banks the banks are gonna get
you robbed Vader 12 says rich got the
first three preacher books today and I
already finished the first one loving it
so far nice even with the ending being
spoiled first one isn't even the best
one first ones kind of Jewish she was
sure huh I don't know how to get Jewish
ur Jewish yeah you jumping hey I see
yeah yeah the only thing I can do it
that was the love was a nice delay I
didn't it took me away it took a while
for that to sink in a richer most
horrible thing I've ever said Richard
Edlund Evans that was shameful it was
that was I'm not ashamed of much I'm
ashamed on you sure yeah yeah that's Wow
you know why I'm in too much of a Sonny
buns mu I've been doing this voice and
the character is taken over big
possessed by Sonny ponds oh I I agree
with it yet it's got to have something
to do with that dog by the way covers
probably a clue there's a manhole cover
yeah oh is that it
oh yeah maybe that's it I'm still trying
to figure out Bernie in my head cuz like
for me and I'll look at another see
evidence have a recent you so no oh well
we're gonna end this one the sewers
sewer fight
yeah rich Richard Edlund Evans that's
his name no I know it's not I know it's
not I I like I like thinking that's your
middle name I know it's not but it's
funnier that way
oh I don't know you you probably talked
to Jay today has he seen the witch yet
no he's not seen the witch as far as I
know right he does this a lot this is
all I know about Bernie Sanders he does
this a lot
well he talks well he talks he does this
a lot and we talk about the banks and we
talk about the 1% we talk about the 1%
of the 1% and we're gonna take this
country back that's good I like that
yeah but I still feel really bad yeah
like really bad yeah I mean that was
that was a it was a tasteless joke and
it was completely and it wasn't funny
enough to justify you know like that was
tasteless just for being tasteless but
hey you got it we have to move on we're
in the storm I know how we're working on
Bernie Sanders deal it's like it's like
New York you gotta get you got to get a
little New York and then you gotta get a
little older and a little jewy ER and
then and then you can you just talk
about the banks and then you got to get
the arm movements in and cuz he's kind
of squints when he talks and that's what
we do and that's what we're gonna do
we're gonna did you see what happened in
Arizona voter fraud the Clintons of the
world you're good at impressions I do I
try I never I was never any good at it I
can't do it yeah I'm terrible I I admire
that
you just got listen you just gotta hear
in your head and then figure it out he
bernie sanders sounds a lot like Larry
David which is why Larry David does such
an amazing impression Jew worrier yeah
he does one of those okay in the city of
stilton's underground sewer got

[Part II]
okay I did the city of stilton's
underground sewer complex the deadness
subdued light gives me an eerie feeling
loosen up my jowls oh yeah that would
help I could loosen up my jowls look at
clue maybe that always a clue no
restraint the dark jag
oh oh I fell in the sewer Owens the last
thing we saved just before I walk down
oh good night
I'll tell you how we're gonna pay for it
I'll tell you how we're gonna pay for it
is we we we close the corporate loophole
taxes and all those corporations are
gonna be fine with it they're gonna be
absolutely fine with it we start taxing
the 1% at appropriate rates that's how
we pay for all of it free college for
everyone it's gonna be great yeah well
that was a close one
you okay look around what do we got no
oh no I was why would you have a
diagonal in the game that it's a
slightly different diagonal from the
diagonal your character wants to walk
when walking diagonal why would you do
that I don't know I don't know arisen
I'm very sorry it's not it's not the
greatest Sanders I that's my first
attempt at a Sanders but I think it's
good it's good enough for this and and
we know we'll need the next character
gets for somebody who just developed it
it's great you know you got to work on
him having that wall well there was a
little crow there's a little bridge back
there you want to go that way first I'm
just fine I would I would want to go
right first but that just could be the
Mario Brothers in me
that's the Mario Brothers in you yeah
yes my first exposure to fame up a giant
was the Tiny Toons adventures in 1991
with particle man and Istanbul that was
apps I after I saw that I ran out to my
local music store and bought the flood
and that was the first album I ever
bought because of Tiny Toons
no sunny is not a super spy he's an
ordinary homicide detective open drain
closed drain
Spelling valve right or such as because
steam and the company that is correct
that's correct yeah it's the same valve
thing that thing there's a thing I don't
know what it does
and yet for everybody we're not I'm not
saying I'm not making any political
statements about Bernie Sanders I'm just
trying to do an impression so don't
worry about making any political points
in the chat what step into a bath water
spewed out of that pipe and knocked me
into the source you can't crawl out of
the sewer that's not a thing we can do
honestly at that point I might just be
so grossed out I'd want to die just let
it take me I'm covered in human shit
whooping valve get half-life 3
valve doesn't make anything with the
three in it
valve doesn't make games anymore and
they've moved no they don't need to yeah
they've gone on to bigger running steam
is a full-time job
oh my god right yeah
a soda to Jack for the excellent Doc
Brown impression he's put together
yes very Doc Brown very Doc Brown knows
better Bernie Sanders if I did that
exact same impression but talks about
gigawatts gigawatts instead Trent Trent
here's what I'm gonna tell your mommy
here's what I'm gonna tell ya it's
burning it's burning all right as soon
as I said Marty yeah Marty the burning
sensation in my eyes that's right you're
feeling the burn you're feeling the burn
everywhere you go breathing comes leave
it and I can't seem to get enough air Oh
get out of there we try something let me
let me try and break break break reality
okay what happens turn the other way son
do you realize it's methane gas the
silent killer rich says seven of
Borgnine what do you think of Adam
LaRoche retiring because the White Sox
not allowing his son in the clubhouse
from we should never have had a
handshake agree with the lettuce son in
the clubhouse there's I don't know all
of the Deacons there's a thing I follow
the whites I don't follow the whites but
I live in Milwaukee right and the
percentage of white sox news that makes
us up makes it up to Milwaukee is 0%
that's true that's absolutely true so I
haven't heard much
about this there was an incident with a
player the play early and retired it was
fired because there was a lot of how to
do about him having his kid in the
clubhouse and one of his stipulations
for being on the team was like a
handshake wasn't written into the
contract was a handshake thing but they
let his kid hang around like all the
time and I'm assuming sure other players
probably complained about there being a
kid around constantly and being a
de-facto babysitters and Bingbing young
crude athletes who have to watch their
mouths around a small child or or maybe
not being able to bring in their own
child for like daycare or whatever you
know yeah for every baby and everybody
should be able to do it of course of
course it turned into a stink sure and
so then they they took back the
handshake deal yeah I just where I'm not
clearing the details I think it had
something to do with that yeah you're
right actor Jay everybody it's time to
stand up from from what I heard about
that he was like he's an older baseball
player and like he has like injuries and
hasn't been doing too well anyway I'm
assuming you've never heard of dick
Hayhurst dick Hayhurst is a he had some
time in the majors yes Tana but I was
familiar with him when he was a minor
league player because he had a he had a
blog the non prospect Diaries it was
kind of you know hubris he wrote
humorously about his experiences as a
baseball player okay and he was on the
radio talking about that that incident
with a guy's kid track it down if you
can find it he did not mince words he
was talking about like horrible things
they'd done in the locker room he was
he'd turn on the radio he described an
incident where when he was a player
where they took the ball boy the the
mentally handicapped ball boy to a
prostitute bad boy sorry you know the
shit that goes on in locker rooms and
children should not be around this oh
man dick dick hey Hearst with an H
there's a dirt might be dirt I forget
Dierker dig hey Hearst Dirk Gently I
know he wrote a book which I really need
to read ok I've reset the timer for
standing up
Michael Cody CA hey Jackie rich and he
plans on doing conventions again would
love to see you guys come to Toronto
it's the best of my knowledge there are
no current plans now good plans just got
here has rich ever read ball 4
no okay oh shit
I made it through a pocket of deficit so
they're not everywhere what's a my
what's in my inventory to give you still
have your scuba gear no can I use the
lipstick that'll block out the methane
gas oh sure sure okay uh rich I forgot
to ask what's sigh what hat size do you
wear says 7 abort 9 oh I forgot it's
been a while since I bought a cab this
is just a generic yeah piece of shit I
think it's 7 or 1/2 all right all right
well there you go
also anonymous says thanks for the hours
upon hours of excellent entertainment
I'm not sub because I usually work when
you stream so hopefully this will
suffice
keep up the excellent work Thank You
anonymous we appreciate the tip oh my oh
my you are dying yeah and you don't have
anything
Ciara wait a minute
what look at my inventory what's in my
in the tank gun x-ray I'm a club key
ring unmarked car keys money clip thank
you letter death threat wallet handcuffs
feet yep you trying to open that
upstairs yep I did Sierra Sierra whoopsy
dupes ah there you go
I don't see anything particularly
interesting this is why we need Keith
he's a smoker send Keith in first to
flick cigarettes that'll burn out the
methane
can you guys come to the Glasgow
comic-con I mean it's just a trip across
the pond you know you pay in telegin
nope yep yeah can you run no okay
look I have something to it that valve
right the valve by the ladder there yeah
I don't know
which is beneath the drain into the main
sewer no no that's just that flowing
water just do a standard look around
walkways grates pipes now you I don't
think you can interact with any of this
stuff that with your nap typing
oh oh that's a good that's a good
question did you try turn mouthed you
try to open and close valve oh wait yeah
you will not need to use the word valve
turn a handle handle I mean it's called
a valve button you know who knows no oh
wait what so go back to the other screen
yeah have you always been walking on the
left side
did you try over walking down the right
side yeah you did yeah okay and you
still died yeah for methane yeah okay
actually the only president died methane
was walking across here I got killed by
the pipe we need to jam something in
that pipe
can you take off your jacket no I mean
you already took it
so that pipe just gushes water I like
that idea go back upstairs and get one
of the ducks shove the duck in the drain
I think that's the worst idea I've ever
heard I can't imagine that's true
I can't imagine you have to shove a duck
in that pipe if this were a police quest
that would be a solution this is place I
mean ah space quest yes if it was phase
quest
and you don't think you can make that
that corner nope I could try if you want
yeah just keep walking just don't stop
don't stop believin Jack I stopped
believing
feel a the fear just go feel your eyes
burn go go go go go go go go
yep go go go go go go go go boom
Oh bullshit just gotta push through rich
that's not a solution that's about shit
that's not a solution I agree that's a
bullshit but we made it there was no
indication that that was the correct way
to go there was no clue for that puzzle
as well see what's down here absolutely
more methane my guess blue you think up
or search
oh what's that
and you just saved right yeah yeah take
a look at what's in there the clue was
you seem to have made it past the pocket
of methane now I guess you can do it I
can't type Jack I've been fat me fingers
see a gas mask Oh
boom boom
can you only put it on when you run into
methane we'll find out you all right
it's now or somewhere now no methane is
gonna stop us so I'll probably go down
now right no first okay okay then dear
talyn's congratulations on just having
finished watch space cop it's an
ordinary letter
remove cover I don't think it's gonna
punch okay that's fine that's fine then
we got to keep then we got to keep it in
the sewers rich keep it in the sewers
the noise I made alerted Baines but
fortunately he missed and fled he came
out and shot at me why it was exciting
well I missed time I know you were
looking down you missed the whole
fucking thing little man came at the
bottom corner of the screen and he said
of a gun
so Baines is down here right now yes
shit rich motherfucker that Baines
dickhead
Oh
boom
there's an open thing over there rich
right
I see walkways and grates that lead
around dark and smelly sewer pipe
sliding the walls and lights barely
illuminate the darkness look at crown
what is that a great eye looks like it
looks like a great hole maintenance hole
you don't happen to have a flashlight
with you do ya
no all right maybe we'll find one ya
can't fall down and that was that was
the thing what I fell down oh you can't
go down it you fall down it this is the
action conclusion this I I feel a
detention it's super tense in here rich
I'm glad you like my bacon Brussels
sprout recipe
Richard neutral I think it's a good one
I don't like just make recipes I don't
even know where I got that one for him
to be honest with you ink veins thank
you for subscribing also galactic Sean
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
Oh a door yeah
Touche game Oh what it opened
oh that's different oh my gosh asleep
walk into the room I can't believe my
eyes when I see Marie I'm Rumble loudly
under my breath I've located Marie and
Marie just goes no boom showing
excitement from seeing me Marie
struggles against the restraint hearing
this is the control room for this sewer
there is a control panel in the back
wall Marie scrubs excitedly in a jazz I
approach she says save the game yes say
is it coming fast and furious now oh
yeah fuckin well we're officially at the
spot where I no longer I like have no
memories of what happens I was part of
that's great
I have played to this perform it was a
very very long time ago sure he's tied
up at a chair
untie Marie I never struggle with the
rope finally I listened to her bonds and
set it free I loosen the bonds instead
of Reeve you know what I mean I think
later tonight you're gonna let the bombs
loose
she whispers in my ear about how happy
she is the CMAs and then and then she
smothers being a lipstick now there's
glitter all over my face she likes like
that fucking glitter shin it's fucking
this glitter everywhere
I always tell her you shouldn't have n a
prostitute you should have got a fucking
showgirls I'm so happy to see you oh oh
I'm done fucking you my cock looks like
it belongs in an eight-year-old girls
toy chest that is an inappropriate
sentence too sad leg pony pony he is
right there was it exciting
crying loudly she tells me how happy she
is to see me and then all of a sudden
Baines of is in the control room huh I
can't type Bane says the drop on me as
he says I have you right where I want
you oh wait this is this is Bernie oh
yeah yeah Bernie for weeds that way they
said the next voice is Bernie
technically in the last game I did
George Lucas for me oh this is this is a
crazier kind of version of this
character because he's a crazy man with
a gun is right sure Bray's probably
better
good should we leave it to the chat do
you want Lucas or are Bernie Luke I see
you won Lucas already Lucas Lucas okay
Lucas Lucas it is I have you right where
I want you pig iron yeah that's way
better just in time to see the fire from
day on oh Jesus
next try try to calm her before untying
her that makes sense what it makes sense
with what I want to let you know it's
not very appropriate that's not a very
appropriate way of saying a police
officer should never talk to a lady that
way Richard Pat Murray
No
first she looks like she what she wants
to be what give Maria hug at that sucker
give Maria hug
because the first time I've ever removed
your gag you have to calm her down first
keep gag in mouth huh she's excited
right just gonna scream let's keep the
gag at her mouth that's not gonna where
you have to calm her down before she
gets up tell did you say did you try to
tell Murray to be quiet
okay now teller would be quiet okay
anything no no yeah we met me messed it
up Baynes is here no can't do it
can't do it fucking Murray I think
they'll come you don't shoot her shoot
her too
because they've had a hypocrite Baynes a
hypocrite they've added like five pixels
to her bustline it's very like the
detail okay place arm on place hand on
Murray put gun down because slapping
calms people down this is not this is
not a horrible mean-spirited sexist
thing to do it's not me being violent I
need her to calm down
I've never understood why slapping
someone would cause it's startling that
would just make me more riled up though
if someone slapped I think this I think
somebody did that as a joke into some
kind of move your TV show weren't have
the app it did yes in effect place hand
on Murray oh that's it I can't tell her
to stop the coats it could become I just
have to calm her all right that's fine
it's not too I mean I thought to do it
on my own so it's not a terrible puzzle
I think the key to doing this type of
game right and I do like this type of
game right is you need to realize these
people are gonna try a lot of different
ways to phrase things yes that might not
be the developer's first choice of
wording well and you know programming in
such a wide vocabulary
yes that's gotta be very good absolutely
absolutely okay now she's calm to the
fuck down
Oh nervous and trying to stay as quiet
as possible Murray whispers please sunny
let's get out of here before he comes
back the sound of approaching footsteps
interrupts my plans and Maurice's oh oh
my God he's coming back now what did we
just say about counting down Oh Sonny
you must hide yeah it almost looks like
there's a cabinet in the control panel
know what's like a cabinet right right
maybe you and just need to hide behind
the pipe maybe we're thinking about this
too much that could be it no yeah yeah
yeah that's it
yeah definitely
oh no not work jack he saw you right
away did you have to have your gun out
maybe Wow
no wait did you call her yeah okay I
didn't know reserved and I'm be right
there it's fine okay he's coming you got
you had a higher boom
I don't maybe that's not where you
supposed to hide
can you look around now and find a place
before you entire sort of doing so nice
nice control panel on the back tell me
something with the control panel right
right look at control panel no rich look
under control panel those look like
drawing like slighty things do you need
to retie up Marie I'm gonna say no
how sunny sunny I think maybe he just
needs a time you're shooting a little
differently maybe I have no idea rich
wait
oh just hide
it looks like a cabinet but I don't
think it is one
wait until later then you'll be doing
all sorts of stuff behind Murray whoa oh
whoa whoa
restore not restart okay great
I'll try the tying thing I think maybe
just wait till he gets a little further
up have your gun drawn first you're
gonna tie her up then you're gonna get
behind a rich your wedding night with
Murray is gonna be a hit so I try the
timing thing here I just did oh no no
the timing Oh timing what do you want so
draw your gun hide behind the pipe and
just try maybe you just tried to shoot
him a little too early wait think it's a
little further up try again try it gun
shot
try again
try your gun draw your gun I was that
maybe I was sticking out a little bit I
don't know firefight but I think he was
gonna give us a hint
nope now you see zero no I think you
just have to wait until it gets a little
further up there like he'll see him turn
hit the button
shoot use Murray as a human shield you
monster I'll just get ready go
what was your what was your shoot
f10 f10 the fire fight between you and
Bane's
ends with him winning remember the one
with the quick gun and enough ammo wins
what what we have a full ammo no
interesting no no no no no f8 I like I
like this this might give you a little
edge
he still notices you
okay
you're just not fast enough for it you
got to go faster you can do it I believe
in you I believe in Sonny bunts guns out
well rich gotta Oh can't wait so it's a
little further up there you don't have
you don't have the JFK magic curving
bullet okay it's gotta be a way to
actually hide or they wouldn't say hide
I don't know you're shooting at them you
were shooting at the world fuck off I'm
just gonna fuck off just this is all
these are all the things you got drawn
boom whoa what a lame puzzle but at
least I got to pull the trigger this
time is that all that firing range
practice bait of checking Bane's I find
all bottles vital signs of cease yeah
fuck yeah fuck yeah
I have you Bane's at his deceased state
deep down inside I kind of feel sorry
for him well not really not really the
reality however is that the destructive
vengeance of the Death Angel has been
silenced
now come here Marie and deal with my
murder boner sex over this guy's corpse
yes Oh Sonny you might be strong here
whoo back home in Louisville oh god I
miss the thing and I spend needed
leisure time with Murray and await the
results from Litton PD internal affairs
shooting Review Board the three days
finally passed and now the findings
conclusions and recommendations from the
shooting Review Board as follows the
review board findings Oh God this Board
finds that homicide detective Sonny
bonds while on duty was involved in the
discharge of his weapon at another human
being during the process of rescuing
kidnap victim Murray Wilkins no mention
of the terrorists that you murdered
that's an entirely different look I have
so many shootings we have one one board
investigation at a tied-up yeah we do
them all at once it's just one giant
mess whether the shooting resulted in
the fatal wounding of Jessie Bane's
escaped fugitive uh-huh the board notes
Jessie Bane's while using a stolen
stolen 32 kind of a Browning automatic
first attacked and fired at detective
bonds with the intent to commit murder
oh I wisely picked up his gun after I
killed him and just fired at the wall
sometimes you got to do that well you
know what what's more important is you
have to actually use his hand
yes you know what you don't want the
fingerprints even though no cops never
take fingerprints barely in the police
quest universe but you have to you have
to get the powder burns on his fingers
that's important so you have to use his
hand to pull the trigger then the then
the burns will be on it but then you
gotta be careful not to get the burns
from that powder on your own fingers
like long yes it's very kind of love
look basically I've just I've had a lot
of practice at this it's a skill you
learn over time okay great the board
concludes that the shooting death of
Jesse Baines by homicide detectives
study bonds was totally and
unquestionably legal and justifiable
legal murder others late and Tara's
shooting on the other hand that's still
under heavy investigation there were a
lot of witnesses for that one everyone
just saw him plug that guy when he walk
out the door with his gun just up in the
air everyone you know he's just yelling
I surrender I surrender as I kept
pulling the trigger I was gonna hard
time get out of that one this board
recommends immediate cancellation of
administrative leave therefore returning
detective bonds to permanent active
status until the terrorist
investigations will see and very hopeful
nobody likes them terrorists so I think
I think the judge is just gonna look the
other way on that one
the review board is like what terrorists
we didn't even hear anything about
terrorists you shot Terrance that's
great you want a medal detective study
bonds will receive Litton PD's silver
commendation award for shooting a punk
boom one less punch room hunting the
streets with his slime and mullet his
slime mullet and fanciful mustache
bollard recommends that city bonds
participate a two-week rest and
relaxation period prior to returning the
duty nice not only do you get a medal
and four months of sensitivity training
know that what they're saying is you get
a medal and a free vacation the next day
the next day oh my god Jesus Christ the
three-piece band strikes it up the
skeptic let your hell presents me with a
silver commendation of would look at
pixely stands proudly by my side
as the band plays on look at her face
though that's a terrible band look at
her you couldn't you couldn't get
Metallica although I know it's a lie he
vows to quit smoking by the time I
returned from the island paradise which
is okay he'll just get cancer Souter and
I'm fine with that since this is a
special occasion I wonder why the
captain can't quit slurping licking and
smacking ice cream long enough to get me
out to get me out of here oh well I
guess it's better than the old habit he
used to have sniffing glue
congratulations over the awards ceremony
out of the way I board the plane and
then oh please please more terrorists
please mortars oh I need to murder
someone need to murder one more person
she's not a vacation unless I'm shooting
a brown person wait it said high school
swear we writing history high school
sweetheart Marie
well let me she was a friend my friend
in college before she became a whore
after I dumped her there it is
Marie what do you marry me my face is
falling out now you are my whore wife
for real - Ching see it hello
that's great I love my hook ly all right
now I could stop doing sunny buns before
people think I'm really am a horrible
I loved that last one it's the character
is to be true to the character ah that's
great and now for the mile-high club in
it yes yes you're right we need to
restart this isn't a perfect 300 point
score screens cut off me what are my
points what are they looking like how'd
I do obviously we missed the finger
prints well yeah what was the final
score we cannot see it because of the
way our TV is oh also sigh late Silas
Silas thank you for subscribing to 60
out of 300 that's it is prevent and down
dark zone II thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it
two-six I mean to 60 out of 300 we we
defeat we killed the Death Angel we did
everything we needed to do you got Maria
back look at look at that dress
she wear no bra that's our braless whore
wife we got her back I just know after
20 hours of Sonny Banzai we need to do
something just to prepare my reputation
we needed touchy we need like a like a
help help refugees game is something
like that if you play this game we'll
donate money to UNICEF

[Part III]
Wow what was I gonna say now oh the
thing I just discovered that I don't
much carries in pokemon yellow you
cannot evolve your Pikachu oh I'm doing
all of these things just no fucks given
no fucks given so in general when you
use a Pikachu in Pokemon
the thing about Pikachu is he learns all
the moves and then when you evolve him
into a right you right you doesn't learn
any new moves but his stats build more
powerfully so you want to learn all your
moves as Pikachu then move on to right
you uh-huh and I had finally learned all
the moves I wanted to learn with my
Pikachu and I gave him a thunder stone
to evolve him into a Raichu and he
doesn't want to evolve because that's
what they did in the cartoon oh and
because this came out for the cartoon
they won't let you evolve your Pikachu
and it's really upsetting
dreamer cases there's no Pikachu in
yellow there's no Pichu in yellow p2 is
the unevolved form of Pikachu that's
true
so Pikachu is an evolve well in later
games in later games there they it's a
whole big deal don't even worry about it
they don't even know it's it's a whole
thing where they took classic pokemons
and gave them an even lesser form and
that's when you get into like breeding
and egg groups and whatnot it's a whole
it's a whole thing rich you can evolve
him if I trade him yeah but I know I
want him for me for fighting come
gargling oh fuck you
yeah Pichu is like a baby Pikachu I want
them for when I fight the Elite Four can
we have an ex-con game using Pokemon
instead of soldiers you want to name all
your selves you you should look into the
stardew valley mods I've seen the
Pokemon stardew valley mati
yeah more importantly here's here's my
one huge gripe with starter valley huge
yeah game breaking gripe for me right
now is when I was making my character
there was no option for a bald man
I believe you mod game-breaking rich
I'll agree with that how am I supposed
to immerse myself in the experience if I
can't have a bald man because you're
supposed to be a child playing this just
still has hair Touche look look problem
only when I play games I'm happy to
pretend I'm not bald oh yeah and that
one with all the hair that's that's me
we missed it oh my god
this is there indeed yes
from tired and sad I was away from the
chat so you may have talked about it
what did you think of Zack Snyder saying
that the force awakened was given a free
pass for civilian casualties rather than
Man of Steel
the force awakens isn't about
superheroes who dedicate themselves to
protecting lives force awakens is about
war literally that's in the title that's
in the title of the movie rich the
Avengers got away with it by having the
heroes actually be concerned about the
loss of life going around on around them
that's true
it happened yeah people were getting
hurt but they weren't happy about it
they were they were sad was like I know
Kara's punched him in the face yeah
that's amazing
make a perimeter and keep these aliens
from getting to the rest of the city
because we have to protect the rest of
the city from this horror that's going
on around us that's right that's right
that's how you do it that's how you do
it
riches on top of it okay so here's a
here's my Pokemon team so we got Pikachu
we got a Charmander who's a Charmeleon
at this point we got a Bulbasaur
we got mu which is awesome I have
Gyarados and I have a Jigglypuff and
it's a dream team it's a great team I'm
murdering absolutely everyone I just got
the psychic TM for my mew and so it's a
murder fest no one no one can touch me
I've been running with this team since
like level 10 and I'm at 26 now and get
into the
fourth Jim I'm just at like the tower of
the ghost tower anyway this this first
mission here yeah actually one of the
hardest in the game
I'm higher difficulty levels oh yeah
why's that
because you're all rookies and you're
facing groups in them with like three at
a time
mmm wait later early missions you only
see groups that only have like two one
of them is a sec toy do you not to worry
about them yeah so one guy you're gonna
kill not so much this first mission not
at all with this first mission
you're gonna leg this Jack my strategy
is to stay on the roof the rain ah di
I'm not purposely ignoring you I'm a lot
of chat happening I'm trying to keep up
with the chat I just saw someone
mentioned Pokemon Conquest which they
say is like a Pokemon X down No so look
for that in the future why is mr. mime a
Pokemon right that's weird he's a very
humanoid Pokemon mr. mime is very creepy
happy what happened to our screen our TV
oh okay we're probably not going to play
a day of the tentacle remastered because
neither of us are huge into
point-and-click adventure games so
probably not going to happen
surrender Odie it's a type of song of
the Renault D okay I'm sorry the Renault
D I'm not purposefully ignoring you I'm
just I'm just trying to get work why
does he think he or she think you're
purposely well you know like because I
like I look at the chat and if I don't
say what they're saying and if they
repeat it a couple of times I could see
yeah that's fine sometimes sometimes we
don't answer questions cuz we just don't
have a great answer and and that's true
or else like the
right above you right below you asks a
question and tell us your thoughts and
Days of Thunder what are you about Days
of Thunder
I can you tell me I can I need to know
what you thought what a great NASCAR
movie I haven't seen it I haven't seen
it don't know what anybody brought mello
Yello into my life I need to know you
think about Days of Thunder Tom Cruise
is a national treasure except for when
he's a crazy man
I really enjoy him as an actor though if
you if we would give it a lease out
right I know Lisa is a game I've heard a
lot about I know almost nothing about it
though I've we've heard about it though
I want to say that um we've looked into
that for like a first four hours of or
something and maybe decided against it I
don't think we're against it but I don't
know I don't remember I don't remember I
don't know hey guys do you like stuff
I'm going to ask about this repeatedly
Billa hecka we love stuff some stuff we
don't like as much as other stuff and
some stuff we like even more than the
stuff that we didn't like for the first
stuff I have nightmares about people not
discussing Days of Thunder that's great
you've never seen Days of Thunder no
that one is huge when it came out I
don't give a shit about NASCAR he was
the the dullest sport it is and I'm a
fan of baseball that was good bit Oh
zinger I do not drive around in this
circle for five hours oh boy but rich
we're gonna drive around like super fast
in a circle only the camera zoom didn't
look that fast really it really doesn't
yeah that's why that's why it needs to
be a movie because then you can edit it
and make it look all cool I do not have
a good meatloaf recipe I'm sorry we may
or may not get on Dark Souls 3 as you
know rich and I are big fans of
blood-borne
or just not in the Dark Souls world
three might be great I don't know
there's so much shed there's to play so
much shit
I think it would be great going right
from stardew valley to Dark Souls 3 it's
like you're in first gear and you're
just kind of like going down a quiet
like like heading down your driveway
you're in first gear and you just kick
it up to fifth gear and just trip over
yourself I think that would be great
what do I think about neo brains ball
sack it's beautiful it's the best ball
sack ever it it holds the hope of the
future generations of Breen's that's why
it was an incredible sight ooh
if that is true Jambo insky Dark Souls 3
is made by the blood-borne team on the
blood-borne engine I like that I like
the blood-borne would you guys consider
doing a night of playing a few donated
games for about half an hour each you
know that's it's always nice unless we
actually start enjoying a game and then
it's like I want to keep playing this I
was gonna say I've been following the
guy who's making oh what a crappy
fucking the blood-borne board game and
apparently he's doing he's doing like
beta tests of it right now the
blood-borne board game and I'm really
excited about that Louis is not working
out
fuck three guys on the roof decent aim
and make one of those fucking overwatch
shots you worthless bastards fucking
worthless bastards they're all rookies
rich what are you expecting from him I
hate rookies I'm very sorry seven of
Borg knife is rich no what is the ideal
first-round matchup for the Blackhawks
in the Stanley Cup Playoffs not I my
first would admit I am an extremely fair
weathered fan and I have no idea
great fun watch get around a food of I
have never have enriched have you ever
tried tabletop simulator no I have not
either I the the thing I like about
board games is touching the things that
is the strangest thing what this guy did
not make a move or anything on his turn
who this guy yeah yeah so it's just
weird oh you mean a bad guy yeah did he
hunker down he didn't do anything that
is very strange
fuck for all the good it did me yep
Jack where's a good place to get royalty
free music for movies your mom your if
your mom is a talented musician then yes
that's that's really tough depending on
where you're gonna play them if you are
a YouTube partner YouTube has a ton of
stock music a lot of it is pretty
generic but it depends on where your
movies playing because the royalty
agreements change for the release of
your movie if it's online only there's
many options and like I said YouTube has
a bunch of really adequate royalty-free
music very very adequate free music that
you can use in your YouTube videos
there's there's a bunch of sites out
there that say like oh you know pay five
dollars if if it's internet only paid
twenty dollars if it's a small run movie
pay a hundred thousand dollars if it's a
big run movie some mr. Pibbs I do not
know anyone who uses YouTube red rich do
you know anyone who uses root no I've
forgotten about YouTube red the only
reason I'm reminded of it is every time
I open up the YouTube app on my phone
and says hey ray you know ad-free it
helped splatter PewDiePie's guys sure
sure it's apparently people trying to
scare all my so crazy he's gonna scream
try to make goofy faces are like all the
faces you think you like this face you
like this face you like this place
you're like this week we got all the
faces from Cuba it's gonna be the
greatest
fuck fuck you this see this is the
hardest mission in the fucking game oh I
like this statue up another thing um
leftover beefcake says hey guys now that
you're done with police quests
you should really play DC Universe
Online for the ps4 it's free you fucks
I'm hopping on the gobbledygook strongly
absolutely hop on that trolley you know
what I didn't bring the ps4 today I
really thought we had a lot longer in
police quest 282 that ended very
abruptly for me so oh my god I'm getting
lucky this game is so exciting I only
just noticed there's no game audio it's
not true oh you probably the game audio
turned varied turned down a lot to
compensate for the dosbox as soon as
rich is able to we will turn up the game
audio for you
thank you loco he roll over here says
dear Jack space cop was great although I
really think they should have used your
unedited voice for the alien I agree I
agree I thought that like that was the
kind of the joke we came up with onset
was like my alien just talked completely
normal and that's why you know he's just
very calm and normal talking oh there it
is stand up timer stand up timer
BBB beep everybody stand up like all of
my alien voices I placed several of the
aliens a couple different aliens I want
to I want to say play for different
aliens and for three of them I had a
voice and they modulated all of my
voices that's terrible terrible terrible
rich they tore apart my art my art of
acting
-
start new timer like I was acting rich I
was acting the shit out of stuff I was
not the one who got my head ripped off I
was the one I was the one in that
hallway who said space cop what are you
doing and I felt like I had a really
good delivery for that you know those
two idiots took cover behind a brain
Carl civilians absolutely they should be
smarter all right well not terrible
that's great not terrible I know I like
it's that hallway I felt like I had a
really good delivery and they messed it
up in modulation also my yeah my my
other alien with the impairments I won't
give too much away for those who haven't
seen it yet but it's fine it's fine
but I guess basically what I'm saying is
I'm currently suing Mike and Jay and
rich it's not your baby I'm suing them
for improperly showcasing my craft and
it's a lawsuit that I that I think is
going to help bring light to a lot of
actors whose work gets butchered in the
editing Bay you know
oh yes and rich yeah yes
when are we gonna get the whole Edit of
space cap that's nothing but the we need
we need to all like all the outtakes and
the non edited voices that I mean that
obviously that's never gonna happen but
tired tired and said I'm very sorry did
that happen when I was standing up Hey
tired senses hey Jack with two versions
of Superman three separate Batman and
spider-man franchises and two separate
x-men series do you think we're finally
entering the beginning of the end of
constant comic book films we've been
there for a while the the answer is
right now no because they have to stop
making money yes and right now they're
still making a lot of money and really
as long as there are a couple good ones
a year so we already got Deadpool right
Deadpool is a good one
I haven't seen again shame on me haven't
seen it either and Civil War looks like
it's gonna be a good one that'll be two
good superhero movies though it's gonna
keep happening those are gonna make
money it's gonna keep happening over and
over and over and over again you did not
miss police quest - we've finished the
game yeah Hunchback Jack we defeated the
death angel you'll have to go back and
watch that again again I have never let
it slip my children still do not know
that there are prequel movies the oldest
one is now eight clearly they've heard
it from school or somewhat well here's
the thing they know that there's more
other Star Wars like you know we've seen
the the cartoons the the clone war
cartoons yeah you know we've watched
rebels we've we've like ran into some
Clone Wars toys here and there
they have no concept that it's a real
movie and I love that they love because
they love the four movies
gobbledygook says leftover beefcake you
stole my DC Universe Online stick
seriously you will get a good solid
half-hour fun it's a good beat em up
system don't worry it's not like
Warcraft flying around metropolis is fun
gobbledygook it is gonna happen for what
the DC Universe Online okay it's free
you fucks you fucks it is going to
happen I'm gonna bring in my ps4 one of
these days gonna happen using some
cosmetic mods for the first time oh yeah
and if you're gonna recreate some of the
equipment from XCOM one why would you
why would you recreate the ugliest armor
in the game
the chaps why the ugliest are that big
silver chest thing okay it's just it's
just hideous I mean I'm sure they'll
come across the movies eventually they
know basically what I'm saying is they
know that there's a bigger Star Wars
universe but they only know that there's
four movies shit my injuries just might
Grenadier oh no oh no oh yeah rich could
you uh once you're done with this can
you all TAV and turn up the game audio
oh sure
Deadpool's surpassed Man of Steel
recently at the box office it's not
shocking Superman well wait
it's it opened today the first Man of
Steel not the better versus Superman
oh there we go thank you sorry sorry
bring hey the same thought at first
course it did like opening day what are
you talking about
okay so Deadpool has now made more money
than Man of Steel pre surpassed it
hahahahahaha Deadpool made more money
it's been out longer like ever I eat
your sardines in the morning nice get
some I get some protein first thing in
the morning that'll do you good cuz some
toasts maybe even a little guacamole
that's what that's what I like get some
nice thick toast layer guacamole put
your sardines on top tasty morning treat
plenty of fiber plenty of protein little
salt on like like chunky salt put some
chunky salt on it brush your teeth
afterwards coz you don't want to talk to
people after you've just eaten sardines
and guacamole you did it's true it's
tasty I love it but it will not make
friends jack enrich what is one movie
you could always put on and be engaged
and happy we're gonna do something I
don't normally do oh sure we're net
crazy right
and you but you know what the crazy part
is you're making yourself the other
Ranger
I like shotguns it's my favorite class I
just I'm just that big of a sort I know
yeah shockingly my favorite class that's
the one I'm naming after myself
I'm just so completely wreck I just know
you had a sword my face huh what face is
that you got to make it look like yours
yeah I know which is the most rich Evans
Diaz face chat vote on a face let me see
f we can work with f f yeah we can work
with that
okay so you got it you where do we even
start with this you need a baseball cap
obviously the real van says Jack have
you ever read any of Bill Pete's books
for your boys my dad read them to me
when I was growing up in there great
bill Pete I don't know let me look him
up
all right wait wait which that one this
this one nope this one that one yeah
yeah okay um in color where's Lily white
no no bill Pete books no five o'clock
shadow probably just find the clutch how
do you think is best
I mean like it depends on which rich
Evans were going with is it if it's fat
Koch house four five o'clock shadow is
all right this is looking good this is
looking good we'll get there
we'll get there we've tried um you know
we've tried some Rahl doll and they're
just not quite into it yet Linda was
taken said your kids one day telling you
that they've seen and loved the prequels
equals a Southern Baptist kids coming
out as gay oh that would be tough know
what's what's gonna happen is you're
setting them up to be let down in the
future yes no I'm letting them enjoy
themselves yeah but some there's gonna
come a day when I was like oh my god
there's more
I'll be there with them I will be there
with them I tried to protect you from I
try no but I like because I won't let
him get excited there's there's more
movies yeah but they're really bad it
was one it was a what where that head
yep
sometimes it takes a while for the body
but I think a mod might be fuckin with
things so like I'm using mods I know I
remember that happened to me a lot check
what's what's your what's your favorite
class
my favorite class yes I give me make me
the heavy the Grenadiers well yeah we're
probably just not gonna see 20 days
that's I'll do it that's fine I'll do it
you know what the person in the chat
shouldn't be a wounded person so yeah
exactly there you go
no it'll be fine like I I remember them
seeing like promos and stuff for the
Michael Bay Ninja Turtle movie yeah and
and I'm just going like why are the
turtles so ugly that's like yes that's a
good question kids good question and
every time they see like a DVD if it's
are like you the ugly turtles and that
makes me happy perfect
no give him the hair give him the
flowing locks you want it I don't know
I'm joking all right let me see the fit
let me see the ya know that's pretty
good
I'd say be might be the best yeah yeah
just be little longer gotta give me some
classes now DS not terrible that's too
right that's too rugged too rugged
that's too manly I'm being nice
nope don't be nice I'm being nice it's
funnier if you're not upper face prop
hey those are like exactly my glasses
all right okay now you have to make me
pale as the day is long there you go huh
there you go
that's perfect that's great now can you
take like can you make him siccing
sickeningly skinny no all right let's
pick a random person here okay random
person I see these role huh it's a real
person random Pete's a roll person
random the first person I saw after you
said that it was a Michelle a mich e/l
last name 187
I'm almost through daredevil season two
I'm an episode 9 of daredevil season 2
enjoying it very much I'm enjoying it
very much rich has only seen part of
episode 1 obviously we'll have a
discussion about it a little bother I'm
very sorry that as soon as rich said
that boom I saw the first person to type
something was ah Michelle it's it's
lupus
this time it's lupus this time it's
lupus house reference I can only assume
yep it's always lupus or it's never
lupus there's gonna be this dude who's
gonna be that dude that's gonna be
Krieger
Kri e ger 7 8 3 who aptly said if I get
named I will shit you just happened to
say now you have shit now now you have
to shit alright it should be enough for
a mission there you go I'm glad you
finally saw the abyss I'll skip the
cutscene so I'm sorry I'm very glad you
finally saw the abyss it's been a long
time since I've seen the abyss don't
normally do that what skip the cutscenes
but I think yeah we had we had some
streams I think it's appropriate
it's appropriate that he's good for
cutscenes in any case do you remember
anything about the abyss yeah it's good
okay seven of Borgnine thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
this one james camera we're still making
great science fiction films remember
that but it's been a long time since I
seen it but I remember living it I
remember leaving it oh it's rich did you
turn up the game audio
yes you did good
great great I'm glad you turned up the
game audio before and not now not rich
Evans is Vietnamese son says the abyss
was the first booby I saw on the big
screen whose booby training places Jamie
Lee Curtis
yeah wait on the big screen you saw that
in the theater I don't think I have the
name oh you know what that was that we
should have been there that would have
been at home yeah in the theater I'm not
sure though you know what that was that
was a fine booby I'll tell you what that
Jamie Lee Curtis is trading places
boobies
damn fine I'm sure I wore out that spot
in the video ha ha ha ha ha ha it's
really weird how it gets all fuzzy and
faded we're only at this part and a
couple minutes before in a couple
minutes after the crash
yay did we crash everything I'm sorry
the video feed is dead can you guys
still hear us
oh this is a bad one everything oh my
god this is a really bad one I can't get
the task manager
wait oh I'm very slowly and XCOM to test
this only happens when I stream is
pretty label when I'm not streaming you
know you know yeah a lot of things
happen right now
hold on
whoops OBS crashed would you like to
send a crash report

[Part IV]
we've been using OBS for so long and I
we started using it because it's it's
free yeah there are other streaming
programs that you like pay a monthly
fees or monthly and you know OBS has
always been free it's it's you know like
highly customizable we like and now that
we know how to do it I think it works
really well but uh I just realized cuz I
follow them on Twitter that it never
occurred to me that you could donate
money to OBS
could be a - yeah yeah are we not
streaming we are seeing everything fine
and hearing everything fine massive
audio game loud game audio I can't hear
the game we can hear the game too much I
can hear the game in 37 times the speed
of light and no video there for fuck's
sake
they're high
facecam work so good well then I guess
that oh hey look at me oh yeah look at
my arms that's some quality escapism
right there I guess that was the whole
point it's like I'm it never like
because we we got OBS because it was the
free alternative and like have learned
how to use it it just never occurred to
me to like donate money to them will be
donating money for them by the way I'm
gonna be using some prereq funds but to
it about two years a back pay couple
bucks good thank you
I'll give them a few dollars for all the
good they do for us I'm gonna give them
a few dollars yeah maybe if you turn
down the video quality hold on everybody
everybody settle down cuz you probably
have it set to like super right
there's maximum boom take it down a
notch medium don't you thought that you
shut the fuck up mind your own goddamn
business
it's a very nice computer but you know
we're streaming there's a lot of
programs running audio is perfect now
great thank you
handsome Rob wants to know if you guys
opened it the best of the worst box yeah
somebody made prompts related to Eloise
Cole the grief club the demon grief Kyle
the demon grief like like demon like
ancient tablet type things
oh nice I need to remember to go see
those I have not seen them yet okay
here we go here we go now we are ex
coming
we are ex coming all over your face
show us the props I'm sure that J and
Mike will take pictures of them and post
them to various social medias or they
probably won't because they're busy
editing so remind them to post what was
in the box to various social medias okay
I'm saying that's a chat
great oh you're right rich our facecam
moved over to the other side you don't
have to you don't have to you don't have
to but if you want to I'll tab over you
could just scoot us back to where we
belong we belong in an insane asylum
yeah no no no if I die thought yes I
think we've been long enough I'm upon
them it's quite possible the next
blinker review food of you didn't hear
it from me but check your old inboxes no
they no one's being worked on people are
actually gonna start believing that I
know and here's the thing here's like
the glorious thing is it might actually
work out where we'll be streaming and
we'll say that as a joke and it might
come out to you nobody knows you're a
cruel man I know I know this is a
download the thing mission so we have to
download the thing mm-hmm
what is Mike always editing I'm Mike and
Jay alternate editing best of the worst
and half way bags also you guys know
another project that Mike is working on
right now that he is adding various
things and when they're not doing that
they are doing things like I imagine the
thing that Mike is working you probably
not gonna see much on it until that's
that's available somewhere well he
didn't get footage from the fan who I
don't mind him I would I would say
that's almost certainly because no no
but also like beyond that Mike Jay rich
the process orders they build the sets
they update the websites they update the
patreon they work on the Twitter they do
all they do all the everything's you
know when it snows someone has to shovel
the walk so there are always things
Venera there are all these things like
secretly editing all of his YouTube
bread videos oh god yeah a jug add
sounds like it's related to porn right
you to your head by the way why would
you call it YouTube bread if you know
that redtube is a thing that exists
because there's really dumb or maybe
they're hoping that people will think
it's a porno site and subscribe then if
thinking it's 200 buddy wants this
YouTube bread call it red - it's the
best we can hope for oh man I can't wait
to see all this porn on YouTube Bret
wait what PewDiePie pewdie Beauty bunny
that's the best way to handle this I saw
that hold on there was a subscriber I
saw that Magnus PU 14 months in a row
thank you for subscribing
it's like maca's p i but was it to you
hmm
like it stinks I think a lot of people
sell subscribed to porn I think it's
crazy but I think they do well they had
to be making money or nobody would make
it
there's that thing that was the right
answer what is YouTube red YouTube red
is YouTube's pay service yes there are
they have exclusive shows and you can
watch all videos without ads that was a
that was a great anguish if if you pay a
monthly fee and I don't even know what
the monthly fee is that's like that that
is what YouTube red is their pay service
exclusive content and an ad free
experience
no mr. coach YouTube red is mr. go says
YouTube red is for people who don't know
about adblock YouTube red is because of
people who use adblock it's very true
mr. glitch this very good YouTube red
was created because people use adblock
and they are trying to recoup losses yes
you know my feelings on adblock I do not
much care for something horrible and
deadly and dangerous it sounds it sounds
like creepy ambient noise coming from
the game but we can't hear any of the
game audio right now I don't know why by
the way what the we can't hear the game
audio I can't because we have the TV
turn down another ok ok next time I
sleep but I need the knowledge sound
of course you can't get close to any of
the company that's fine that's fine
that's fine
yes I'm still not fine
the wrong squares I'm in danger
oh I ate doughnuts I would liked I had
done it says I really enjoyed that your
ex come to dev interview I'd love to see
you guys talk to the fire watch team
that would be an interesting one that
would be an interesting one for the
record the fact that me and Jack got
into an argument over it does make it
sound like I hate the game more than I
do
what do you have to say that I like yeah
I just don't I'm not filled with a spite
yeah I really like the story I just
really wish there were a game in there
somewhere right and you know we won't we
won't rehash this we if anyone does
anyone from the fire--which team we'd
love to talk to them love to be great
made a game because they they couldn't
get the money to make a short film which
is a crazy person
there has to be an interesting one yes
riches brimming with hate for Firewatch
brimming it's too loud yeah want to
insisted I want to hear it I like
hearing noises you're like all kinds of
crazy things my gag at the end of what
at the end of fire oh yeah I like to the
end of the fire watch where rich walks
off and I'm yelling at him that's funny
I thought that was funny reaching rich
had a gag rich had a gig and the at the
end of this the super hot episode that
didn't quite work out yeah why why
didn't the work out it just didn't work
out mostly because I was talking over it
and I couldn't get rid of my audio and
so then I obviously I still put the link
in there you know to the XCOM thing
because you were talking about it but
the gag did now did not pan out so I
thought it might be good just to cut me
off so low five six yes I and I hid that
from rich we had we actually filmed the
fire watch and super hot episode on the
same day and I was like oh so we should
we should probably talk about fire watch
first because I wanted to surprise which
rich with my fire watch t-shirt which I
enjoy I think it's a cool shirt because
I really liked the game I thought it was
neat neat game
I thought I was gonna get line-of-sight
with my specialist on that Advent
Trooper I'm very sorry I do not have
lighter side I'm very sorry I am stick
man grip thank you for subscribing 14
months in a row
thank you stick man grit yes Oh Tim you
guys know Tim you guys know Tim Tim has
been in a bunch of things he's been a
bunch of my videos he's been in a bunt
he Tim is actually in the very first
half in the bag you probably know him
best as the hipster he's one of the main
hipsters heidegger Tim Timmy Higgins
wrong Tim tim is the mayor of the moon
and the bartender in space cap Timmy
Higgins in the very first episode of
half in the bag is one of Lucas's goons
and he's been in a bunch of my videos
he's a local legend with you do have
line of sight
well he's mustache man he's great he's
in comedy sports here in Milwaukee
he gives brewery tours at MKE brewing so
if you're ever in town and want to do a
brewery tour go to MKE brewing Tim
Higgins gives great tours and he's also
the face a mode that everyone wants to
get rid of and I love look at that face
look at that timmy face
it's my favorite
I'm working on a new project with Timmy
right now
yeah the beer me guy yes they passed me
a beer guy has Tim Higgins yes he did
shave off his mustache that was from a
different video I did with him and he
shaved off his mustache for a little bit
and it is back now as he's now
contractually obligated to have that
mustache at all times it's the one time
I'll use a sword doesn't double damage
against the sectoid Oh sort missed
oh no the sword missed Oh No would you
believe that who thought that the sword
wouldn't miss weird really we get an
answer to the mustache but not the
reason the Tim emoji is wearing
something he oh that okay so that is
from a video I made with him it was a
commercial that I made with him and he
had to wear this like ridiculous outfit
and it was it was I'm trying to I'm
trying to remember what it was like it
was like a couch camouflage deal and the
his outfit matched to the couch and and
the face he's making I just loved it so
it was like a couch camouflage Snuggie
to hide from his wife was the was the
bit of the commercial and I just love
the face he's making I don't know if I
can I don't even know if it's online did
I hate the truth I did not
let me let me see if that's online rich
Evans is mind control that sucks that
just sucks hold on
Oh God who do who just died was this
thing called secure the data secure the
data really yeah you suck Bradford you
suck dick oh good it is online here it
is hold on I will get you I will get you
the link throw the grenade ah not a
happy camper I'm very sorry
there's the link for everyone who wants
it for the old Milwaukee home camo suit
3000 was that very loud for everyone as
there go my headphones yep
Richard soon as you get him on right now
maybe two all tab over to obs we need a
lot of things renamed very sorry about
that when we restarted OBS we forgot to
turn down the volume
man is why shotguns are better than
swords was it awesome seeing yourself
shotgun an alien in the face yeah was
that awesome would've been awesome if I
didn't lose a soldier
fuck you Bradford fuck you
Tiberius Kirk with me as the narrator it
keeps costs down I'm a cost-effective
video producer all right what do you
want to do with this we wanted to in
your mixer well then the game sound goes
down again
I assume the game know the game sound
does not go down yeah they go why can't
we just get that fixed because I'm not
in a game right now
I will mission yep I'm very sorry I'm
sorry Michelle
you can't you killed a Michelle way to
go
yep and there should be a couple fun
things you notice about that video yeah
Tiberius Kirk yes I need I need to take
the oh my god sounds drastically lower
the volumes re-upload them through the
night dev thing and relink them to OBS
and I just haven't gotten around to it
cuz I was editing and now I'm playing a
new game this should be significantly
louder for quieter for everyone so sorry
so first commissary Barry hey Jack and
rich do either of you know why max
landis referred to Mac and me as his
father's film on best of the worst I
can't find any link from that movie in
John Landis that's that's why he did
that it it could quite possibly be that
that was a joke seek says hey guys a lot
of youtubers slash streamers talk about
how the troll comments start to wear on
them does the trolling and hate comments
ever get to you guys sometimes yeah yeah
what's all I mean they are yeah yeah you
know there there's a especially like if
there's just like a constant stream of
hate but you work past it filled with
doubt I'm constantly filled with doubt
but you get past it
it happens it happens that's why it's
you know what that's why it's nice to
have like a partner cuz we can we can be
like hey we're doing good yeah we're
doing good okay like a real person to
talk to that's the thing I bother it's
like like no matter what we've made
something and like yeah you can like
nitpick the thing we've made but it's
it's a lot like what we talked about
what Jay and I talked about with Len in
the Len cap izinski interview where it's
like a creator always has an edge up
over critics even stuff we criticize the
creator has an edge up because they made
something and that's the same with our
web content that's the same with video
games that we think are terrible the one
that confuses me yeah right
something confuses you let me know this
to my tears streaming yeah it's about
two years at this point you think of it
didn't like it they wouldn't be watching
yes the you know they're just going
there to be a prick without a doubt the
very minute one of our new review videos
goes up there is a thumbs down within a
minute of it going live someone hasn't
even watched it they just see they are
subscribed to us for the sole purpose of
thumbs down in a video absolutely I
think you take that too seriously no you
can't and you know it like it's really
frustrating sometimes because they'll
like especially with like was super hot
so many people in there were just like
we're completely yelling at me saying
you know Oh Jack you know jack said the
story in superhot its convoluted but he
liked the story and Firewatch and how
does that make sense and it's like well
because they're too fucking different
games and people who just have no sense
of nuance or gray area or anything it's
it's it gets very frustrating sometimes
something about the internet is told
people there's no such thing as a gray
area right it does it now no longer
exists in the public awareness yeah did
you see these
GP gray video this video will make you
angry no he is a wonderful wonderful
video called this video will make you
and I believe it's called that someone
linked to it please in the chat and it's
it's basically going through the the
mental steps of why internet flamewars
start and how hate is a virus Agent
Smith you're like on fibers every time I
come to your world I'm covered in the
stinking sweat oh thank you a bother
what is it called that picture of young
George Lucas this oh wait okay I got
that I got the name right this video
will make you angry great watch that
it's it's a really really interesting
video on how people get so passionate
and so black and white in in videos like
this but mr. Anderson in any case yes it
bothers us it does not bother me enough
to stop doing it because I really like I
really like hanging out with my friends
and watching movies and playing video
games and I like making videos about the
video games that I play good work if you
can get it it's fine work if you can get
it so did you hear that Batman vs
Superman is the worst movie since space
cop I think let's see I think that's
funny people have done better
well oh well oh anyways back to back to
the Timmy Timmy Higgins and the the Old
Milwaukee camo suit 3000 you should
notice something very fun about that set
is is we built that set for the
commercial wonderful set and then it was
reused in the future J in future Mike
half in the bag episode those walls are
all over space comp and those walls are
all over space cough and I was really
upset J painted the walls if you notice
in the in the half in the bag the walls
are bright chroma green and so in the
half of the bag they were bright chroma
green and I was really upset with J for
painting them that color and I was just
like they're chroma green why are you
why are they that color he's like oh I
thought it looked nice and so I actually
purchased a program to digitally change
their color in toast so I could have
them be not chroma green in my video but
the old lady's house that's right
there's a seven shades of fuck yeah yeah
extract all units well oh you've tracked
these two guys up here okay I got a
fucking turret down here and I got two
guys on this roof on Jesus and where do
you have to go in here I'm just gonna
have to go stealth yeah
who was the old lady she's just an
actress just a local actress I don't
know who she is I don't think I've ever
met her which lady the old lady in that
and half in the bag episode
on average how much money do you spend
to tell other people they're wrong well
I didn't I didn't tell him he was I mean
I I that wasn't the color I was looking
for but we just didn't have time to
repaint it before we shot so you know we
could have repainted it but it was just
easier to shoot it and then fix it in
post fix in post
right
what I think I'm just gonna say we're
never gonna play Dark Souls 3 just to
start a shitstorm yeah we're never gonna
play darts
no this dream will be when Dark Souls 3
100% Dark Souls 3 free when it comes out
we're gonna be playing DC Universe
Online so I'm very sorry of course of
course is rlm seen as a reputable
company among actors in the area or to
all the local talent agencies talk shit
Milwaukee has exactly one talent agency
that I know of something went right
everyone know yeah no one no one knows
that many people why do you think why do
you think I'm in space cop so much it's
because we have one acting town agency
in Milwaukee this game is just fucked
not happy with everything that has
happened everything yeah I'm dead
everybody I'm dead oh yeah they killed
rich Evans I think we're done yeah we're
done William I'm sorry I'm so sorry rich
yeah and you know what you have a long
night tomorrow you're a long night ahead
of you tomorrow yeah I got lots of shit
don't know wrong going on the run what
are you gonna do
rich here's my question for you yeah
what are you doing to prepare for the
Batman vs Superman dawn of Justice
discussion I'm just gonna place to start
a family
you know we want to do I mean obviously
you're gonna push up you're gonna do
something you're gonna push ups chin
Yanks and you're gonna do some research
into Zack Snyder's directing style you
going to do some research into the
characters of of Batman and Superman
obviously Ryan you're going to read some
some comic books discussing the the
altered reality state of demigods versus
Hunchback Jack and Halla but barn thank
you for subscribing I'm really
appreciating we I've been I've been
thanking people are good good let me
make sure I got all the tips now get out
of the tip style yeah angry comments
absolutely Milwaukee does not suck so
much we just don't have a large acting
pool to pull from Milwaukee's great
anyway right in front of my face
