Jun 15, 2016
E3 2016
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/72709214
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tagfsS-joIY
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/743175212062085120

and sir I have no idea what the fuck's
gonna happen we're out cray-cray is that
what the children say cray-cray right
cray-cray I don't believe that's what
the children say hi welcome what what
the fuck is that thing behind us and
that nice giant fucking TV I made this
overlay I was thinking of using this
overlay just in general for streaming
but I decided last minute that I don't
like it but we're gonna talk about e3
and you you said I was just thinking we
might play a game while we talk about e3
exactly and so we were keeping the
overlay so we can talk about videos and
such there's the first thing I've seen
from you three it's probably the only
thing I've seen before we started
talking about any of this shit and I
know how much this is gonna be one of
those magic it's like magic so now the
screen shows up in this thing Sony's new
spider-man game is a spider-man game
alright I'm done with that I'm done I'm
done with Spirent oh sure no it's cool
I've never seen Manhattan in games no
spider-man game on his chest why is
there how is there neon white it's very
white
it's so distracting it's very very
here's here's something that I'm very
seriously wondering is this from any
comic book has any comic book artist
drawn him with a giant go
white spider on his chest never had a
giant neon white spider even though I
don't think neon white as possible that
is the young white somehow somehow how
does that work I have no idea how that
works except for a green screen
like was broke for one second I think it
broke when you will view it when you
wave the green screen magic went away
when you wait when you waved your hand
you want to talk about spider-man for a
little bit okay we were just last stream
we were talking about like the
theoretical case of what would happen if
we got to play another spider-man game
we were talking about like the cool
stuff that we could see how much of that
involved the the giant white spider
symbol on his fighter chest because you
know like we want it to look good we
want spider-man to look good you know
cuz spider-man's a cool hero don't mind
me I was I was just checking on the live
feed okay know where the rogues gallery
like spider-man yeah and you know
spider-man is a hero who fights super
villains villains villains villains
villains you know where are all the
super villains
it is if it's gonna be the same you know
five super villains that we always fight
in the spider-man games there's gonna be
electro there's gonna be the Rhino
there's gonna be the Shocker for some
reason and who's not gonna show up
there's gonna be no gringo who's gonna
be no Hobgoblin venom maybe no no
probably not they'll save the sequel and
and like some other ringers some other
nut riggers to the ABS it was the abbot
of a rare like high quality
I guess the ringer that's the opposite
of a reader you'll fight the ringer and
then it'll be a lot of the same thing
we've seen it everyone weird so open
world swinger own
when he won't be as good as it was in
spider-man 2 movie game because it never
is they've done it dumbed it down every
spider-man games since - hey guys I
figured out why it sounded like rich
wasn't here give me give me one second
yeah how much of that could they
couldn't so they couldn't hear what I
was saying they could hear it it just
sounded like you were far away don't
come because some gobbledygook in here
was messing with my microphone settings
what me I don't think it was you I think
he was one of the other two gobbledygook
yeah but you know what they can hear you
fine now so continue with your
spider-man ran the rant is over we're
not we're not gonna see the Sandman
where I could see Kraven the hunter is
you know he's he's he's weird meat he's
weirded me sorry everybody about
Richie's microphone situation we're
gonna get the Rhino because he's
overused in the games
maybe we'll get electro and then we'll
get some some c-listers nobody gives a
shit about yeah we'll definitely get a
rhino what's what do you think it's been
it's been at least a few major movies
since anyone has given a shit about the
Green Goblin what do you think the
likelihood of a Green Goblin is is it is
it a hundred percent or is it a hundred
percent or is it possibly 100 percent
unless for some weird reason they can't
use him mm maybe you know I don't know
maybe look look none of the know snow
one single spider-man game has had a
great roster of villains they get like
one or two good ones yeah and then a lot
of villains don't give a shit about yeah
this guy's good and you know the ringer
and the shocker about Rock the jumper
balls footballs Rock the jumper and then
this guy's got the Green Goblin and
Balrog the leaper
the leaper that's what it is yeah I'll
track the leaper yeah yeah yeah what do
you do what do you know I guess you know
what you know what looking at the outfit
here can you play the video again for
everyone
oh wait and that's not what I want
that's not what you want yeah you're
plating small screen and then just go to
where you can see his costume and Paul
and freeze frame and then turn it's a
large screen cuz there are some parts of
the costume that I really like like
right yeah you tell me wonderful you
tell me wonder freeze this shit ready
wait till he turns there all right now
make that full screen invisible and
visible to everyone else like there are
a lot of aspects of the costume that I
think are really cool like I love like
on his shoulders where you can see where
the fabric meets and it almost looks
like armor pieces that to me looks like
a very they're they're kind of trying to
meld the realistic that's what they did
in Civil War the mask looks great the
eyes look great mask looks great but
like I like his whole arm thing even the
white Sun no I I hate that you don't oh
I can deal with that
yeah but I hate it block you put put a
hand up and block like the spider so
what's going on with that that little
thin belt and those weird triangles of
red on the pants okay no boots I'm okay
with no you know what I look I'm even
okay with no boots because you know why
like you know runners shoes runners
shoes it's a superhero costume but I
love big colorful boobs
I like the melding of the the real world
stuff with the with the coming you can't
have the the red up to the calf no no
you couldn't sell have no right up to
your cabin but and you certainly don't
need that giant ugly white spider that
is the most the most baffling state
serving part look at how ugly it is they
don't care but the mask looks great
they're just gonna fuckin tease you yep
yeah you know what after you defeat the
game on hard you'll unlock an outfit
that looks halfway decent or midway
through you'll unlock a new outfit
semesters great the mask
great I love those show oh look at that
those eyes squinty him
I like the shelters I even liked his
shoulders
should we go frame-by-frame and obsess
over every little detail so there are
birds the birds there's a bird so
obviously there's going to be a vulture
section birds equal vultures also do you
see the vulture doesn't use birds
obviously there was a new super villain
who controlled birds
oh he's called Hitchcock and he has he
can he has special powers over things
that Hitchcock used in his movie like
birds and people would dress up like
their mothers and kill people he can
make anybody dress up like their mother
and kill people he's gonna make
spider-man like dress up like his mother
and try to kill Aunt May
he has never been dressed like Aunt
May's he'd be wearing one of Aunt May's
dress with a little white bun wig he
also has one of the worst supervillain
powers ever he cannot give other people
vertigo he can only give himself vertigo
some midway through the fight all the
sudden he'll go hog throw up on command
and then the people chasing will slip in
it will have Mary Jane tied up and
hanging off of like Jefferson's nose for
Washington Monument another watchin
about me that Rushmore oh yeah terrible
I mean you know what it's exciting the
prospect of a new spider-man game is
exciting because we like spider-man but
you know it was clearly going to be a
city oh you gotta wonder about that
combat system I mean there there's no
information in here and I I don't think
animation why are these all the same
animations from the that last spider-man
game webos shadows from what a while ago
now but no moves look familiar to me
it's hard to tell just cuz wasn't well
shadows like a cel-shaded like very
different look wouldn't even stand
doesn't mean anything with the animation
I think those are so shit wasn't shell
shaded the cell shaded that was the
ultimate spider my game was it yeah
they all blur together a little bit well
I'm sure this isn't bad
despite that it's very venom heavy yeah
yeah that big white spider I can't see
anything else who's that knock that
thing down um who's this
we're like actual people going through a
video now we're doing we're like actual
video things oh now we're doing video
that's fine okay well you know what so
the guy he chased in the van had like a
mat had a kabuki mask on uh-huh so
that's actually kind of good news
because maybe he's going after low rent
just just gangsta thugs that's every
Spider Man game I want I want a crap-ton
of super villains what if that's a rhino
then it's a horrible looking Rhino which
you know it fits with the horrible
spider-man no so here's what its gonna
be so this is your first fight with the
Rhino and he's just a strong guy wearing
a rhino mask
kabuki mask but then after you defeat
him he comes back focusing that much on
the Rhino then that's a bad sign
yes yes it's kabuki man its kabuki
wouldn't it at Roma thing they actually
do a kabuki man I didn't like that I
think that's an actual thing I don't
know that much about drama
I'll be honest with you I'm not jay yeah
yeah
why is it as you want to oh you want to
zoom in on the feet thing and go back a
little bit more look at got white on the
feet jab make sense to me because
they're like runner shoes you know he's
got a grip you don't want what thick
running shoes don't make sense of swing
of course not he can't he's got a stick
to things unless he's do it through the
shoe
unless thin boots thin fan well but if
what if they're thin what if they're
like those those no no insole runners
shoes super super thin running they're a
layer of rubber on the on the outside
that's that's more than like your like a
millimeter thick or something I don't
know I think they look cool I like I
like the whole tennis shoes everything
but the mask
I guess the textures aren't bad but
just to design everything but the mask
no you know all they need to do is is is
get rid of that giant white spider and i
love i like everything else where
there's actually like a nike logo like
product placement on these shoes let's
do blurry i can't tell no they wouldn't
they went to nike so any wouldn't do
nike were they they probably do like
adidas or something like that
new balance kabuki mean is that like
batman the batman villain black mass
this is some crossover doing sony got so
pissed off that marvel took their movie
away from them but they're doing a
Marvel DC cross fine you know what you
know what fine we're gonna do it with DC
crossover Batman shows up halfway
through is this a movie time uh it's
just called spider-man ps4 just does
Sony also happen on the spider-man video
game rights I I would assume they do cuz
they put out all the video games if this
was a movie tie-in it would be called
spider-man homecoming I mean I would
assume they don't like the game rights
to movie tie-in games but do they just
own any spider-man game rights I would
assume so huh
if this I this can't be a movie tie-in
or else they would call it spider-man
homecoming my guess is they are going to
rush like balls to get it out with the
movie I really hope the costume in the
new movie does not look like this I
really really hope Sony or Sony would do
Puma you're right jack trigger choice oh
yeah you'll get the Puma go get don't
get you get the Puma Puma shoes Oh
anywhere Puma called the promo oh we
have a couple tips actually and you know
what we missed one from last week you
must have tipped it just as we were
signing off sorry cidade chunk or sorry
caped de devil Dave said always wondered
what was the result of submitting the
Western or musical to that 24 hour film
fest it played in a theater full of
people and it was like audience voted
best of something rather but didn't
officially win with the judges I believe
it's audience favorite I think it won a
couple of it won a couple of awards yeah
whatever yeah yeah but you know it
played in the theater with everyone else
it was funny see dandy Chuck says I
tipped five dollars in Canadian money so
it probably won't be converted to very
much anyhow keep up the great work
lol Fuqua gook it's actually you tips
five dogs in Canadian money I got three
dollars and eighty-eight cents that's
the actual conversion but thank you I
appreciate that
shame kids AMA said we need that spider
if spider-man does not physically
contain a spider he will simply scratch
our thick or we will simply scratch our
thick monkey craniums and wonder who is
this guy who he's got a red suit on and
he's flipping around and he's he's
spinning webs I don't know is you're
saying this giant white spider is the
result of committee thinking and some
executive trying to justify their job
that makes sense well that makes sense
what it probably was yeah is someone on
the on the Sony team on the creative
team says we need to make this Spider
Man visibly different than every other
Spider Man that's been out there so we
can sell toys specifically referring
screens Allah knows why is that I have
no idea
it does that everyone said well you know
what we're just gonna have to deal with
green screen going nuts today I'm
playing a game right now oh sure it's so
pleasant without those lights ah oh that
made it flip right the fuck out just for
a second yeah now it looks like it's
working oh that's awful that's just
awful for us shit happens jack and
that's just a part of show business that
is that is we will suffer I have the
Cokie masks cuz well that's like a
gorilla kabuki mask maybe a dog because
they're gonna fight the Mafia or
something that's gonna be like the
running I want to fight a bunch of
classic Spiderman villains it's worse
now I make them make OBS big for a
second here uh yeah take that over there
bring that over here make it big let's
just check it out real quick
okay go to camera filters green screen
all right there oh no oh good okay good
enough there we go yeah turn the lights
back off see what you want to try to
turn the lights back on no this is fine
this is fine we'll deal with the harsh
fluorescence okay okay it's fine now now
it's perfect now the green screen is
great okay uh where was I
Sean says I'm predicting pre-order bonus
costumes a hundred percent
oh sure hundred a hundred percent or not
preorder bonus just pay for them later
available $15 costume pack available
like a month later and a DLC package
made making it the most cynical thing
ever we need a really bad spider-man
costume but that's so bad that it looks
like we were trying to make it bad no
yeah don't don't trust the man I always
say don't trust the man you know there's
somebody who s these these evil thoughts
I can't imagine oh and you know it
I can we make everybody want to buy the
costume I can't imagine what the
original costume that we haven't let
them have looks like shit
hey I don't know about that they want
they wanted an original look and that's
the best they could come up with it's
not it's not a terrible conspiracy
theory mmm I've heard worse i Benzies
says here's two dollars in American
money which will be worth two dollars
USD in American money okay
my girlfriend and I watch your stream
every time people the good work guys you
do gamers a service everywhere thank you
thank you
Ivan easy fuck that jacket Sony and see
I'm saying it's Sony because they didn't
they couldn't come up with a good idea
like we got to do something fresh and
original anyone got any ideas Oh giant
wide spider
okay okay that's obviously a dumb idea
but you know thanks for throwing that
out there thanks for throwing this let
me get into a battle royale with the
Hobgoblin and Doctor Octopus the Green
Goblin mixed in and the vulture Oh once
that'd be great that'd be fun of a group
that'd be great um they're on the
juggernaut let me recreate that that
classic spider bed versus the juggernaut
issue of amazing spider-man they
definitely won't get the juggernaut yeah
they definitely will not get this
juggernaut um what do I do now it's got
a warm you know I'm not like I'm gonna
give a shit but we can do that this is
uh sound I know nothing about goddamn
war
you played the first one briefly I
didn't like it okay so what can you tell
me about God of War hey he you spams ex
and he swings his blades all around he
kills gods okay well if you had to
describe the gameplay describe God got a
for a brawler brawler okay great great
so now imagine right god of war instead
of being an action brawler okay no no
are they uncharted it called it right
off the bat
so what if they turn god of war into the
Last of Us nobody cares about game play
anymore nobody gives a rat's ass yeah
there's nobody hearing anything it's
quiet on my end
well then you know we usually turn it
down because it's just the music here
yeah good good Erna
cuz we're only playing these things when
we're Shay go back room
ya know just to keep God your windows
overlays getting to know you
yep got a war rich your mikogami what
what'd you find
oh so they went from button mashing -
nothing mashing like you know they had
the illusion of gameplay in the first
God of War I just got rid of all that
look at this so far I've been watching
like two minutes of not that much not
much worse dad ever
child abuse the game Kratos has never
been known for his subtle loving
compassion so I guess I'll accept it
it's game by growing up murdering your
father watching tomorrow your fucking
eye naughty dog ruined gaming they've
ruined gaming rich they absolutely
oh here's the thing to find yep trope
really brutal up this is literally a
section of glass it does it does look
incredibly like The Last of Us the
question is is if that can't how much of
that combat we're going to see how much
of that combat is largely scripted right
general kinsmen says a lot of lots of
people care about gameplay they just
aren't represented at e3 yeah
show me what you're made of fight this
giant ice monster
Spartan ready to go
it's it's tough to know exactly what
button they're pressing a lot of this
looks incredibly incredibly scripted but
at all right there right so gonna beat
you at home that Spider Man suit is
looking pretty good now
Turner returns and says I imagine you're
pressing X for a lot of that probably
like that that's been like the thing
with the God of War series is incredibly
cool looking things that you are not
really doing well it's gotta work yeah
that's the quick temperament exactly
wait for my mark relax it is simply a
target clear your mind
or think of it like an animal cuz that's
food and remember like there's a
rheticus first actual gameplay you say
I'm sure there are some button presses
involved with that fight I think there's
at least one or two button press
possibly third-person shooter up in here
they don't might be earlier well at
least the first was either one I really
tried to play to be fair right I mean
just a little bit mashie to me mm-hm I
mean this I don't like for like
different races sure sure sure
but this I correct me if I'm wrong this
doesn't really look like it plays much
like a God of War game am i right
no they're reimagining the series rich
look it's about a father-son
relationship very curious how the God of
War fans feel about this
Jirka well he's helping he's helping him
kill the boys got to learn the boys got
to learn to kill
you know rich press F to assure your son
you love him that's my job that's my job
that's my job that's my job
glad I'm a god of warfare Oh it'd be
pretty hot broken right about now if I
weren't gonna watch Tiberius Kirk says
he is a god or they are God with war fan
hold on I haven't got a war fan this
looks like it will probably suck but it
might be better in other sections I
guess that's true it might be better in
other sections
barbarian parents simulator yes
nerdy Inc says now might be a good time
to pitch riches God of War mechanic but
with teddy bears and rainbow graphics
idea crap yeah yeah
lot of crap looks like a lot of crap and
yes obviously that is probably the first
you know however long that video was
that was the first five minutes of the
game yeah it could be drastically
different from from there or not but
that's what they're using to show that
is they're selling that's their pitch
right so what are we looking at you know
did you see did you see Detroit behind
you I've seen like literally nothing go
ahead let's watch the Detroit becomes
here the only thing I watched before we
streamed today was the spider-man
trailer and that was literally like ten
minutes before you got here okay so I
was talking on Twitter to someone and
they asked me a question which gets
asked a lot before we watch this which
is if you know because we have a problem
with the Uncharted series yeah and and
and they they wondered if that was
called something other than a game mm
like an interactive story would we still
have the same criticisms of it and I
said well you know that largely depends
you know the the real problem with
uncharted 4 was there were no choices to
be made even if it was considered an
interactive story well I mean that's
still whatever you're labeling it
something different Matic it's not a
game then it's just I have no interested
in well I guess that's what I'm saying
still no matter what you call and I have
no interested in that gets rid of the
interactivity yeah makes it in the first
place but and I cited to this as
something that I might be looking
forward to speaking of interactive
stories
as I guess where I was getting
please please you gotta see my little
girl
captain Allen my name is Connor
I'm the Android sent by cyber life it's
firing and everything that moves it
already shot down two of my men saving
that kid is all that matters so I think
you deal with this fucking Android now
or I'll take care of it yeah this is the
Detroit game
hi Daniel my name is Connor
there's no way out Daniel the only
question is whether or not you take
another innocent life
look what you did you were designed to
serve humans not kill them what was I
designed to be their slave their toy
you're a machine you have to obey now
put the gun down and let the hostage go
now it's my turn to decide
oh that's what you get rich you got
uh-oh
touch him and I kill you you can't kill
me
you like to eat Connor
this is what gets me excited about this
game
oh yeah well it smells Connor this is
our story
so that's the Detroit game Detroit
become human here's what gets me excited
about this game is if you look at
uncharted and my problem with Uncharted
is I don't think that's a good
comparison well but go on I'm gonna I'm
leading into something uncharted story
and gameplay live in two separate rooms
you are either blandly climbing on walls
or experience a cutscene that is the
story this appears the the store the
gameplay is the story you know so you
have choices it looks like a little
detective II it looks it looks like they
have found a way to interweave gameplay
and story which gets me excited totally
different games of course but I just
wanted that as a jumping off point
uncharted form had sparse gameplay yeah
you weren't doing all that much gameplay
no no no and like the gameplay you did
get the combat was a standard
third-person shooter mechanics insert
into cinematic game dude the platforming
was atrocious yes and it was so sparse
it was just everything about it is
terrible hmm even even the story is just
a dumb Indiana Jones not sure but that's
part right if this were a movie yeah
this were just a movie trailer I would
be interested yeah I would be in yo that
looks very interesting Syfy what what is
human what is humanity what is a
conscious that robot is yeah yeah that's
some interesting stuff I like that
detective stuff that could be
interesting it'd be really fun anything
yeah just looking at all the little bits
yeah and then and then you got a little
you got a little and then you got a
little your drama you gotta save the
little girl how are you gonna do it and
you apparently obviously we don't know
much get to choose how you deal with
that situation let's be really neat then
the stories part of gameplay yeah no no
everything about that interweave
rich I'm intrigued I am intrigued yes
and that's what I that's what I was
saying obviously obviously it's nothing
like uncharted but uncharted like so
many of those games don't interweave
story and gameplay and that's one of my
big problems with those games shadow
Springer Blade Runner Blade Runner well
they say there's a Blade Runner game
apparently Oh like announced this year I
don't know interwoven what it doesn't
mind me the clue movie yeah ps4
exclusive yes Detroit become human
thought I mean I'm very interested yeah
no no that's something I would keep my
eye on that looks neat sorry for not
reading tips during that uh the Zarya
spider-man shattered Dimensions had
great bosses from varying dimensions
Craven Green Goblin Hobgoblin vulture
electro Deadpool Deadpool juggernaut
carnage Doc Ock Sandman and Mysterio SH
I've never played it what do you watch
spider-man shattered Dimensions do we
have to add that to the playlist cuz
that sounds great hold on although I
will add that right now to the games to
play a list I do
spider-man you know what had lots of
choices Mass Effect 3 not really though
not really first - yes
it sucked most of them out of a third
one I'll let you do the same crappy
please but nice tribe thes are and to
get me riled up of course there Sean I
remember all the choices heavy rain had
most of them vanished on the second
playthrough when you learned many of
them had no real consequences yeah and
there's here's the thing like I said if
they made this a movie I'd be interested
hmm when are you gonna watch the Mass
Effect Andromeda trailer
god damn it says yonder yonder yes I'm
doing this for kicks
well maybe we'll get to it so I know in
any case I was I was a little interested
yeah I don't have much else to add to
that yeah a little interesting yeah
maybe it's sex maybe doesn't I don't
know I did see I saw in the chat earlier
you were wondering what exactly they
announced at the Xbox yeah you three the
total answer is Jack fucking shit I've
heard this somebody in the chat was
saying something about a number of
people I guess you can play xbox one
games on your Windows 10 PC male they
the they spent the majority of their
conference there their keynote touting
the the merger between Windows 10 and
Xbox one which is great news for people
who are peanut butter out of my
chocolate I just want chocolate but then
at the end of the conference they
announced not one but two new Xbox one
models - okay the Xbox 1s which is kind
of like the the slim cheaper version and
the Xbox one Scorpio which is like a
souped-up high-performance
Xbox one all games will play on all
systems but they spent the majority of
the conference saying like you can play
all these games on your Windows 10
computer but now we want you to play
them also on the Xbox and you buy a new
Xbox but teraflops
Oh goddamn it the best image I can get
of this fuck what do you know what I'm
trying to do you can see what I'm trying
to do I know it's just not work I just
put it together right what's the point
of buying an Xbox one then there is no
point that was that was the joke
he's like they'd spend the whole fucking
conference talking about how you can
play all their games I like on Windows
10 now play them all on Windows 10 the
other huge innovative groundbreaking
game shattering news okay are you ready
for this from the Xbox one keynote yeah
you can you can now order custom colored
controllers again you can get
controllers with custom colors on it
make it any color you want okay cuz I
was fucking around with this back to the
the oh the unwanted Xbox one Windows 10
merger what what games get like can you
play any game so legacy see the new
Gears of War yeah like what about all
the ones that are coming come on already
they're working on they're working on
backwards compatibility but all of the
games they announced were Xbox one and
Windows 10 I know people who own an Xbox
one yeah pissed about that but as
someone who can't stand shooters with a
fucking controller great
I wouldn't mind actually playing Halo
with a mouse and keyboard they're
working on it
only if you know only if I play the
older ones catch up what was everyone
talking about now is this about now that
I can properly play these are they any
good
oh my gears trilogy with a mouse they be
great mmm that'd be great that would be
great
why just ported to the fucking PC in the
first place by the Ilia whatever I don't
know hmm
you know yeah I I thought I thought Xbox
one had one of the Liao's iasts I mean
definitely the lousy ste of this year
but just of all time they they spent so
much time talking about all the new
Minecraft stuff which of course I mean
if Minecrafts like everywhere - it's
nothing like Xbox one oh no is the
minecraft it's their big one oh you know
Microsoft don't mind oh they bought
minecraft yeah oh they were the ones
about it shows you how much attention I
paid a Minecraft well I like I get it
minecraft is a huge property yeah but
you know there's other shit to talk
about and and then they spent so much
time on this goddamn customizable
coloured controller you can make them
all different colors you can make it you
can even engrave your controller put
your name on it make it your color your
controller and yes I know Project
Scorpio the Xbox Scorpio is specifically
built with VR compatibility in mind no
one fucking cares about VR no one they
keep trying to shove this shit gamers
don't want down there throws like you
know it's not VR it's it's connects yep
remember it remember remember the the
hotness that was 3d TV man that's gonna
change the way we watch TV oh no it
didn't go anywhere okay what 4k and your
30 inch TV that's huge waste but we can
give any blind we owe it to you you know
you don't care about 4k but well now but
you know you Netflix has some 4k stuff
you can stream 4k through the YouTube
you still don't you still don't care you
got 40 KD you'll have to buy a 60-inch
TV for it to make a difference we'll
sell you a 60-inch TV I'd be glad to
oh you mean I can get like a regular HD
60-inch TV for like 1/10 the price I
think I'll get that is that cool
I think I'll get that
all these V hard dick writers you know
what I'm happy for you if you are
excited about VR that's great the
general population does not give a shit
about VR just like the general
population does not give a shit about 3d
I'm only interested because it might
make a fun stream watching me with
something in my head I'm not protecting
my own do I need to break out the
numbers again rabbit rage Theo
remember do you remember the numbers
zero point zero zero three or something
0.03 percent of steam users are
currently using a rift and 0.09 percent
are using a vibe you nothing nobody even
combined they are using approximately
zero point zero point one percent of of
Steam users are using VR zero point one
percent it's gonna be nothing until they
can solve the tactile problems and the
space problems and so many problems the
cost problem like right now that is a
computer have you solved those two
problems they'll be people who will pay
the costs and then you slow adoption
where the price goes down but you need
space you don't want to have the whole
room dedicated just VR right and and
being able to touch these things I think
is important like your ghost in these
fucking fantasy worlds yeah it's the
wave of the future i mister glitch i
agree nobody likes clamping shit on
their face just to play a game or watch
TV oh you know sit sit down play a quick
game hold on for a second some kind of
fantasy fantasy technology I don't know
how many fucking years in the future
this would be but just fantasy
technology you have a headset
it's really just like a pair of
sunglasses yeah nothing nothing more
bulky or encumbering than that yep no
cord to get tangled on and some kind of
like arm leg gloves that somehow you
actually have the sensation of touch you
sure
then maybe you're you're starting to
cook yeah maybe you're starting to hmm
this is still gonna be a problem with
walking unless you want like the game to
be on some kind of specialized
360-degree treadmill every day have you
seen those no they have it
yes you haven't seen that you haven't
seen the 360-degree treadmill rich this
is a real thing
it's a VR device that holds you by the
waist and and it looks like it urinate
it looks like you're in a giant dish
okay and so you kind of walk this way
and you're walking slightly uphill
everywhere you know like a giant dish
it's a real real thing but but before
virtual reality is a thing that people
will be interested in they're still
hurdles oh there's so many hurdles so
many hurdles I'm trying to remember
anything else from the Microsoft the e3
the gears trailer looked really bland
and scripted yours trailer exactly it
looks exactly show dal ittle bit more of
the gameplay yeah they showed some oh no
that was Sony who showed some Final
Fantasy stuff and I don't care about
Final Fantasy and that's all I remember
from Microsoft's was it we can we can
cross Microsoft off the list
hey wait chat was there was there
anything else cool at the Microsoft
conference I honestly don't remember how
badly is the Xbox one doing it sales
wise yeah I have I can only assume it's
doing bad I think it's I mean it's it's
I got off the ground with a limp I
remember that much oh we have some tips
that's where this bit of art came from
let's see here
yonder yonder says the high-end Xbox one
is 4kv are capable that's the big
selling point at least in theory so
there's different Xbox ones they're
coming out one yep none of them play
like like they're not they're not really
doing something stupid where this one
could play games that the other one
can't I don't know they well they they
have said that every system will play
every game okay ever a lot of rumors
going on lately that some one or more of
the consoles is gonna move into this
kind of like interative console partial
generation thing which would just be a
horrible idea I think oh of course it
would yeah Microsoft explicitly said you
will be a link away the games on album
but it might be like a graphic setting
thing you know like like I said Project
Scorpio will have 4k resolution
gobbledygook says years ago I went to e3
it was a spectacle I used to watch it on
g4 every year then on IGN this year I
skipped it and prereq is my first and
only e3 coverage thanks guys I don't
forget DC Universe Online is ringing
bucks this is the way to do it we have
to sit through all those fucking then
you just look through what came out and
you don't get any of the bullshit I did
have it on in the background I was I was
joking some tweets but you know the
problem for me was the same time xbox
keynote was on so was Apple's Worldwide
Developers Conference keynote and so
like I'm once on my computer screen
I was watching Tim Cook talk about Apple
and over here I was watching some
dickhead talk about Microsoft games so I
was just like and then you know like
luckily Microsoft went to Minecraft was
like oh I can mute that and okay oh just
pay attention Apple then Apple started
talking about the iWatch oh okay I don't
care about the how much goes I want
hold on a team GF Stark says hello I
hope someone didn't already ask this but
have you guys considered getting the
oculus just so you can stream Star Trek
with Mike yeah they did
they've revealed a Star Trek bridge game
we we I won't care because it's a game
yeah they might play it once they go
that's neat and it'll never touch again
we might be able to get him in for that
if you have dreams of turning Mike or J
into gamers no definitely not with Mike
they just want they want a glimmer of
hope of one time Mike coming in here
yeah we have talked about getting a VR I
just don't care enough I just don't care
enough we already have a million
consoles and a million games that we
don't play it's a big expense for what
would end up in one stream one maybe a
couple streams
maybe maybe Alfonso's Sparkle fad says
hey guys just want to say that it's a
delight to watch you to derail the e3
bullshit hype train that's what we're
here for
they're saying we happy few they want us
to look up a we happy few was a was a
Microsoft thing I don't I don't remember
I don't remember this hey and watch this
shit right I am doing III news I haven't
watched it what's it called we happy few
that's what they're saying
sounds familiar oh sure sure I remember
this one
enjoy your freedom oh by the way you
know what I stopped playing Mirror's
Edge catalyst is your future just gonna
end I stopped I stopped playing it got
tedious tedious bullshit and I kept
getting lost
I tried picking it up again while
over watch was doing some server
maintenance as I picked up by are you
censoring the news I believe so yes
is this like a high-budget version of
the game that the papers please guy made
before he made papers please who said
new censorship down is this the same
person they just gave him a budget
no no I don't believe that's the Hulk in
shame that would be interesting
pussy pussy heaven I saw a picture or
read something that's a I heard a single
whoosh through the door since 10 o'clock
did you forget we're having Deirdre's
birthday party we've got a pinata right
brilliant of course have you forgotten
your toy well come on then finish up
just have a few more pages very busy
then don't take too long to finish well
I expect you in the conference room
presently don't dawdle
that's Corky I'm not sure what you do in
the game I'd like to know as it has a
very striking look so many frustrated
the filmmakers thought the tube mm-hmm
of course they'd have to break the chief
to get out I won't break you for
everybody
you know coming back oh you brew why did
you go
yep this was this was a screenplay from
from film school I'm waiting for some
kind of game to start nope I know it's
not gonna happen it's not gonna happen
you're not gonna get a game I'm very
sorry rich or Leo says this is a
roguelike the game is nothing in life
betrayal then why are you fucking making
this trailer this is the advertisement
for the fucking game because cable don't
care about gameplay anymore
they really don't though I'm sure that
comment about this being a road light is
a joke okay
you all take one of mine oh my lord
he's a down security we've got a downer
we've got a downer we've got a downer
we've got a down
princess Ricky no no let's get bad a
little bit beginning now her
yep
you don't know I don't like
survival-horror either right I think
that's why they want you to watch it get
out of the house rich
I shall dash them against the stones are
you gonna do that Pelt okay buddy don't
have a videotape remote he really does
anymore except for us we have too many I
could loan you one this got four pies on
PewDiePie's pie-chart of jump-scares
do you like cyborg to have breakfast did
it did the game need to tell us that a
fuse was missing there do you think do
you think that was necessary rich
hopefully there is a option to turn off
though the hints that was dumb sure was
a door it sure is a hallway
what's it was the monster was the
monster gonna jump out at you atomic
mousetrap says if Norman Reedus can turn
babies into crude oil I hope this means
gas prices will be under two bucks a
gallon soon turn them babies into oil
don't do it why our transfer says please
check out horizon zero dawn demo I'd
love to hear your thoughts uh you know
maybe yeah well I like it looks cool
there is an evil 7 trailer tells re fans
nothing either
it is unrecognizable the movies also
have nothing to do with the games also
you should see the dishonored 2 trailer
ok ooh baby oil sure walking around it's
a house
that's a house you get it rich you
figured out the mystery he needs to do
some cleaning you can look at that doll
finger watch the days gone announcement
and gameplay trailer it says anonymous
how's it going these days someone
someone wants us to check out the
horizon zero dawn someone wants us to
check out days gone what do you want to
watch horizon zero dawn it's fun
dinosaurs you don't want your fun
dinosaurs I like dinosaurs robot
dinosaurs yeah
we're fucking done with Resident Evil 7
already boom I know I am boom this one
played to no good to go back and the
third one that's not an actual no that's
the channel oh that's stupid that's the
hole don't go to the other you don't
cover my pause button I always want to
cover my pause button
it's like a spacecraft logo
we're gonna sue them logo looks too much
like this space goblin go
yeah that game looks super generic the
days gone
which one days gone which one was in it
we'll watch that one next we haven't
seen that one yet
you haven't seen that one yet okay
so all you can walk around in follow
it's the first thing by the way she's a
game play right away this is the same
thing you so much no it's it's a
different thing it's the same game well
it's a different part of the game if
that first thing was even part of the
game open-world robot dinosaurs I get it
mm-hmm that seems kind of neat yeah no
the game's gonna be groundbreaking I
don't know but probably probably not I
got something to work with
I'm pretty sure this is what we watched
last year no last year remember there's
like the big field with the big ones of
giant ones this is definitely different
selections I think they're more help
like the one she was playing around with
last year yeah it was definitely
different okay
no we won't be watching the newest Neil
Breen trailer this is an e3 live stream
fairly neat okay but also you can tell
exactly what kind of games yeah
Oh long time I went up bunny rabbit to
explosive traps coming right up so yeah
here's the crafting yeah I know you
don't like crafting I know you don't
like crafting it makes me reluctant to
use anything and it makes me reluctant
to build things because I don't know if
I'm gonna need discourage material for
this or something else later
you did it
I came from others rise look mister yes
is that the M night Shyamalan twist
they're just paying to live like this
this is a vacation resort at the end of
the game you get your MacBook back oh
god I gotta check my face not Facebook
hipsters would use that I got
the village to the village encapsulates
read him during this oh sure the village
okay well so you know we get out we get
a little look at the map yeah which
seems interesting but I wanted to she
says she needs to get a mountain yeah
it's like oh you get to ride the robot
dinosaurs I'm double interested now
let's see under yonder says yes but are
they physically connected robot
dinosaurs and are any of them detectives
who hit on widows at funerals before
their cookie time what I don't
understand that and I'm sorry
never wealthy always rich does I
remember liking the Uncharted games but
after hearing rich I realized I mostly
like the pretty graphics and what
happened in between the cutscenes was
mediocre thanks for helping me see the
light I mean it I don't care if you like
a chart but it's not my goal to make you
not like what you like I'm just a
comment on what I see and I don't like
what I see when I play it charted but I
think I think a lot of people that's
just my thing right I do think a lot of
people are are sucked in by their the
nice graphics and the cutscenes and they
do they get it it's I think it's good to
get involved with the character of drink
you know like hopefully then the story
is doing a good job but you know yeah
you get to ride a robot dinosaure that's
so fucking awesome
what's that noise does it look like a
$60 game
this is what $60 depends how big they
are how big the game is you know yeah
could be
but combat looks fun robot dinosaurs if
it's a big world with lots of stuff to
do that yeah I could say penis $60 you
know the the overworld and kind of be
the way she's getting around it reminds
me a lot of when I forgot what was the
generic fantasy game and I said I'm more
to her than what the one we did for the
show even amounts in that and the
Dragon's Dogma Dragon's Dogma oh no but
just like the it kind of seems free
roaming which I yeah in Dragon's Dogma
if you could like tame a beast and have
it be your mount that would be fucking
awesome looks looks like there might be
a bit more to the battle to this yes yes
Dragon's Dogma oh you called your mount
back to you oh look at this look at this
rich mount combat I'm so into this I'm
so fuckin into this
know what's neat people are saying they
get what your three vibes okay so it's
Zelda yeah it does it does look a lot it
you get you get to ride your horse and
shoot your bow and arrow on the horse
why can't that thing just rip the
tethers they're very strong tethers and
we can only assume that if if there was
just one tether maybe after a while it
could why isn't it charged her Tim it
it's a stupid robot why is it so dumb
because it's a stupid robot
it's week it's glowing it's a weak spot
nice machine looks ancient
where did it come from
I think it looks me
consider me officially hyped
all right we going on what game is that
that is horizon zero dawn that is there
you go that's what game that's what game
that is horizon zero dawn they they
announced it laughs at last year's e3
yeah they're still working on it I have
no idea when it's going to be released
it looks cool Robo dinosaurs Alphonso
sparkle fat says the xbox situation is
funny Microsoft knows that it's much
easier to get Windows 10 into your PC
than an Xbox into your house that's
absolutely true and so they're pushing
they're pushing a dangerous double game
which is they really want their users to
switch to Windows 10 and so now they're
they're bringing over a bunch of games
and saying oh these games are Windows 10
homey they won't play on Windows 7
yeah but at the same time that's that's
murdering Xbox sales here's the thing
are they shooting themselves in the foot
these things only gonna be available in
the Windows Store because then they're
just shooting themselves in the foot
past nobody wants to use the fucking
Windows Store at least if these were on
Steam and Windows only on Steam they'd
have a chance I say this I'm not the
biggest proponent of steam it's just
another DRM service but they at least
have a reputation they have a good
reputation yeah yeah yeah and the blue
blaze says trailers to watch dishonor to
prey quake champions Mass Effect
Andromeda inside South Park watchdogs to
grow up faith bound Legend of Zelda
battlefield 1 Call of Duty oh yeah I do
want you to watch the Call of Duty
trailer you know what I'm not gonna
watch yourself Ark one I don't care
about South Park what do we have listed
there look up the call of duty I want
you to see the Call of Duty game
did you run out of batteries and ran out
or knock them loose I just don't care
about South Park I'm very sorry I'm sure
the games are gonna be fun oh just
wasn't in there
so what do you ever wonder yes sir
I want you to look up the call of duty
trailer it seems like yeah yeah
our survival as a species has always
depended on our drive to seek out the
undiscovered push beyond our limits and
expand the boundaries of our known world
with mass effect we are going further
than ever before
to Andromeda to build a new home for
Humanity
imagine distance star systems with
remote in hostile planet teeming with
alien life and civilizations
worlds where adventure danger and the
unknown are waiting to be discovered
we've created a universe that you will
lose yourself a whole new galaxy for you
to explore
Oh which you must have hit the wrong
link that was Mass Effect Andromeda
alright call of duty what I do I wanted
to I kind of know infinite warfare
that's what it's called
yeah that's one
don't play it yet though pause it I do
want to talk to you a little bit about
aspects someone tweeted a question at an
ad prereq yeah and and I answered it but
I wanted I wanted your answer yes I
answered it to the best of my knowledge
okay and they they were one they said
they said isn't it unfair to hold the
other Mass Effect games against
Andromeda because it's an entirely new
dev team wouldn't that be like
criticizing Star Trek next generation
for the sins of Star Trek the original
series for one Star Trek the original
series didn't have any sins and if it's
an entirely new dev team and just making
a turn on the new game no you're just
you're holding on to an IP that's been
obliterated you've you've made a game
based on an IP that is dead to me
mmm-hmm so I don't care what you do and
your sequel I don't I don't want to get
invested again so they can burn me again
because somebody besides that art means
death and all the other things that went
wrong I don't care that was that was
basically my my reaction was they get
the the new dev team gets both the
benefits and the disadvantages yeah of
Mass Effect they get they get a
franchise they they get the name
recognition of Mass Effect and along
with that they get everything negative
associated with Mass Effect's and that's
that's the balance and so yeah I'm glad
I answered that correctly okay
they've built the universe rich they
also tore it down
I tried to play one after playing three
and even though one is largely a
self-contained story hmm the whole
fucking thing felt like a miserable
funeral march because of Mass Effect 3
you know the series has been tainted the
characters in Andromeda they're not the
characters that I cared about the
previous games who were tainted I got
nothing there that I care about mmm just
bad memories a universe that used to be
awesome but it's now just bad memories
that's what I've got absolutely and if
it's a new dev team why not just make a
new franchise if you know make a space
exploration game it's because they
wanted the benefits of the Mass Effect
name again I can go to a restaurant and
and nearly died from like a severe case
of food poisoning I'm not gonna want to
go back to that restaurant
what if it's under new management I'm
not gonna want to go back to that
restaurant there's a whole bunch of
badness associated with it and it's not
just like under new management like it's
under new management but it's still
serving the same style of food because
that's what Mass Effect is right that's
what Andromeda is like sure here it's
under new management but it's the same
style of food the only reason I wanted
to watch this was as I as I was watching
III as you know like I just kind of had
it on in the background was I started
watching this trailer you can go ahead
and play them this is the Call of Duty
infinite warfare I didn't see that it
was a Call of Duty game or I didn't know
that it was a Call of Duty game and so
I'm watching this trailer and parts of
it look really cool to me and III oh
hold on I'm gonna burp I didn't want to
burp right in the microphone talk to me
I called this game even before I knew it
was called Doody actually tweeted I
tweeted out so Call of Duty Battlestar
Galactica because that's what it kind of
looks like wait why do you see this it
looks kind of cool
yeah what are the shooting gameplay
similar oh yeah I know what you're
getting into it it's not something
that's particularly interesting oh
absolutely not like as soon as I found
out it was a Call of Duty game I said
fuck it but just seeing the trailer I
was a little interesting stand by for
objective we've got to set depth
destroyer and lunar orbit will
coordinate a takedown with tigress let's
mount up lieutenant
mana telegin distorting to rich yes it
is that bad yes it is this is and so
like this is where I started poking my
head in and I was like oh you're getting
a ship Mass Effect 3 Oh took a franchise
that at the point before Mass Effect 3
came out I liked it more than Star Trek
and you know I like Star Trek you love
Star Trek
it was the Mass Effect universe was the
neater harder sci-fi another the Star
Trek especially that 5 but that kind of
like science fiction actual science
fiction yeah that kind of start Star
Trek politics yeah mixed with the kind
of action you might see in like Star
Wars hmm it was really neat and now it's
dead now it's a corpse they made it a
they made a wonderful universe into a
miserable place that I never ever want
to see or visit again mmm thanks Edie no
I'm so sorry
I'm so sorry I I feel bad I've never
been a fan of who's the developer by
well I've never been a fan of Bioware
now so it's like I never played Mass
Effect
but so without knowing this is called
duty go yeah no just watches it like
this game play you're in a ship you're
fighting you're fighting where's the
thing is is this a lot of ship combat I
don't know
cuz if it is that wouldn't be fun I
don't like their you know their World
War two on the ground machine gun play
where you die real quick have low health
and multiplayers that made you focus but
no I might be able to get into a neat
ship combat game right you're fighting
giant battleships in space that's
awesome I did kind of like the TIE
fighter portions of the does that last
star without a beat battlefield yeah
we're about fun
battlefront whatever was about a battle
battle behind yeah then again it's
probably largely 99% multiplayer with a
very short single-player campaign yeah
so I'm not so fond of that
so I saw this and then I said so Call of
Duty Battlestar Galactica before I knew
it was an actual Call of Duty oh well
yep then you get the standard Call of
Duty combat but with 0g yeah you got a
grappling hook just don't care about
multiplayer did you hear that they are
you know you probably didn't titanfall
too you know we played the titanfall
yeah titanfall 2 is coming out with a
focus on the single on a single-player
campaign expert about yeah which could
be interesting a meaty single-player
campaign really according to them yes
I'll check that out they said they heard
people's complaints
yeah that kind of sucks me exterior the
bridge preparing the bridge
there's some great oxygen you have to be
a shame if someone blew it out
tygris actual weapons are down moving to
exfil
now there's a decent single-player
campaign to this it looks like really
cool space stuff yeah yeah how much
space I know you do I like space -
except for encounter so are they
obsessed with killing off the
protagonist like during the game I don't
like that I don't want plays I eat
different people press f2 war crime yes
if there's one way you can describe her
Jevons is that he likes to gobbledygook
side I don't want to watch the
scalebound
saying that look that looked like a big
boat in there no I gotta give it up this
is the first Call of Duty where I've
actually found myself saying oh yeah you
know what I would remember to give this
a shot
oh if it has a decent single-player
campaign right I don't give no fucks hey
rich what read um No
read the Casey Hudson quote for those
who don't understand what a violation of
trust and faith Mass Effect 3 was which
one they linked to something on
has been disputed is that it is that it
these talks about how there's gonna be
so many different endings and we do
whatever we want
yeah and I mean it this makes no sense
if you don't know how the actual Mass
Effect 3 ends without three endings that
are basically the same with different
flavors and none of the choices you've
been making throughout two games that
emphasize you decide the fate of the
galaxy and do you save these people and
let those ones die do you have this mer
to join with the Galactic councilors do
you better take over the Galactic
Council than you you engineer these
things you bake your own story and oh
god I can't read and where's that that's
that's a the story arc is coming to an
end with this game that means the ending
can be a lot more different at this
point we're talking we're taking into
account so many decisions that you've
made it as a player and reflecting a lot
of that stuff
it's not even anyway like traditional
game endings where you could say how
many it's there there are whether you
get a big a B or C no we had yeah we had
blue green and red that's a lot
different attendings have a lot more
sophistication and variety in them you
have a rule in our franchise that
there's no Canon you as a player decide
what your story is so you get the Mass
Effect 3 anyway say no you don't have
any control over your story this
character you've been building he's our
character and we want him back wants him
back I want him back wants him back
he's gonna say this thing here that
thing there is gonna happen because fuck
you you know that was the space stuff
and I saw that and I said oh that looks
a lot like Battlestar Galactica and I
really like Battlestar Galactica yeah
and as someone who was traditionally not
like the Call of Duty series that no
that looks interesting G grappling-hook
stuff was neat neat why don't you go why
don't you look up days gone if you want
if you want to be if you want a little
more if you want to be a little more
bummed out about the future of gaming
see if you can reach confirm for
butthurt well no shit maybe that's
because I got buck raped usually it
hurts a little bit that scroll down not
the announcement trailer
do they have scroll down gameplay walk
this is the Last of Us again yeah no
Jesus Christ I know you know what we
don't need to watch this let's not watch
this how about that you know what it is
yeah what's the announcement trailer cuz
you know what it is lettuce this no I
mean
what am I supposed to do it's a it's a
dumb zombie game we play as a biker
that's it there's all of their specials
it's a zombie game where you play as a
biker that's it for survival
that's there's nothing more to this game
than you're a biker and I don't care
about you can't raise your wire who has
enough who is gonna room in their heart
for more zombie fans right now
not me bag I have no room in my heart
for more zombies I'm so fucking done
with zombies
much more
I I can't I cannot care about zombies
anymore I just brother I don't have it
in me I don't have the patience anymore
for this kind of shit after how many
seasons of The Walking Dead are we and
now I can always go back and play left 4
dead and have a really fun zombie
experience I will not I will not care
about another zombie game no I'm done
with the Walking Dead
last season was fucking natural salesman
I just don't care about this jack
confirmed for normal audience right and
that's what everyone said during this
trailer was zombies another fucking
zombie fuck zombies fuck zombies no his
girlfriend she's already dead she's
gonna be dead the whole time that's oh
I'm sorry that's the spoiler you know
that's the spoiler the girlfriend she
did like it's gonna be about finetuner
or whatever she's gonna be dead the
whole time watch it wait turn that off
and cancel it's good so fucking dumb it
looks so fucking dumb the gate what's
what's the gameplay trailer gonna do for
us it's gonna show him shooting zombies
we don't care about people shooting
zombies anymore as a nation I am running
for president I want to let you know
this I'm announcing my candidacy for
president I'm running on one platform no
more zombie games I'm putting a two-year
ban on zombie games we're gonna go two
full years where nobody makes any zombie
games so it can come out fresh again
no nobody cares about zombie games
anymore Jack I don't care about zombie
games you don't make Dead Rising for
exempt and I'm not supporting you
let it you won't get my endorsement let
it come out in two years you'll never be
president without my endorsement let it
come out in two years all right
how was that it's it's a it's a game
where you play as a biker and you fight
zombies okay that's it that's fucking it
what do we got what do we have
what'swhat's c3 what c3 enough Jack
you're a fool to think the Constitution
gives it okay how about this rich yeah
can I can I do this to get you back on
the Jack Packard for president train
mm-hmm there there's a grandfather
clause so any game currently in
production well I mean sure sure any
game currently in production gets to
finish and release their game okay okay
you have my support then okay great and
then a two-year ban on all new zombie
games we need it we need a break which
one nine minutes and four minutes
well 10 minutes in for half the
10-minute one huh I don't know either
not flip-flopping I'm clarifying the
rules not playing the game obviously
much like Hillary Clinton where she's
just completely full of shit obviously
there's no way to stop production on
someone something already being made so
we you know we I have to be practical
about my legislation rich mhm practical
so any game currently being produced and
I don't mean just in the writing stages
either you need to have gameplay footage
you can continue production after that
two-year ban
okay I love their logo it's it's
appropriate for what they're doing
yes that's fine
Jack Packard is soft on Sahabi dreams
I literally have one have one issue that
I'm running on yeah I have one campaign
issue that I'm running on zombie games a
two-year ban on all zombie games maybe
more what is my position on XCOM are
there zombies involved no they're aliens
they get to be made you know I would be
fine if you take these zombie issue
aspects out of Mexico yeah this is kind
of weird
crystalline alien this if you get rid of
them you know what I'm fine with that so
obviously this is the Friday the 13th
game I missed having fun I don't really
see what happened so in this game it's
multiplayer right yeah and some people
play as campers and one person plays as
Jason and so he has to find people
hiding
Oh Oh we can hear something in there can
he not run or maybe he has like a
limited sprint can't anyone just keep
running from him I mean you think that
would be a viable strategy yeah here's
here's how you win the game you doesn't
leave the cabin and you just keep
running
we'll see Shh just pick a direction nope
all right so there's multiplayer only
they playing against like small children
she just ran right into it the player
just ran right into it some weird about
that they're saying Jason does not have
a wrong way
the people we've seen dying this seem
like they deliberately walked into Jason
so they can be killed so they could show
off the gameplay possibly maybe we'll
understand what's going on super happy
vibes have some sort of limited vision
or or some sort of objective they need
to complete where they need to like find
three things around the campsite so he
does have sir okay so like he has
special hearing and vision apparently
there's like adjacent vision
okay so you turn down the music to lure
Jason in and then open the window of
hoping that Jason would think that he
left yeah okay I get it
get out the door and you're fine grab
the door just keep running
I think this games gonna end up having a
lot of loss balance flaws quite possibly
I I think the flaw is gonna be the
experience they want they're gonna find
has a hard time actually working right
that's just my gut feeling is it this is
an early alpha version of the game yeah
no sure Ian yes I know the day's gun
cinematic trailers trash I've been
complaining about this and you agree
that it sucks please watch the gameplay
trailer the gameplay trailer is him
fighting zombies we all know what that
is gonna be you know what that's gonna
be it's gonna be one guy shooting a
horde of zombie and I do not fucking
care about one guy shooting a horde of
zombies I don't even care about fucking
the Dead Rising shooting a horde of
zombies but at least in Dead Rising you
get fun weapons and it looks like a
joyful time he's one sad dude shooting
zombies that's it I'm sorry if this is a
game that you were super into I do not
care about it this is wife dead
is it super emotion his girlfriend I'm
sure there's a shot of his girlfriend on
the back of his motorcycle and we don't
see her I don't care I'm sorry if you do
sir chances the first time I've seen
Jack this frustrated I'm just done with
zombie games sir Chen I just I don't
have it in my heart I I just don't and
mix that with bland looking third-person
shooting yourself young the expected
parents to show up there are there are
really great zombie games makes it makes
ambi games dead again yes nothing
changed
well however you feel about this I want
some more gameplay sure the gameplay
footage I saw really worked
yeah I need a little this looks like no
we've seen all this are they this is the
exact same stuff is all well this is
just showing off the camp if there's
like footage of people doing more things
now I'm that fuckin fuck it I was dead
to me I mean obviously it's very early
right it's very very early Jason seems
to have a great superpower where he can
see people even at far distances so then
once you can't see them anymore you know
they're hiding nearby and you just try
stabbing under the bed right
and this flaws here there's some there's
some flaws okay rich is gonna watch the
days gone game play now I better be
wowed I better be fucking loud
these bikes down
is that I've been very vocal about it
rich has yet to see it people said they
wanted to see it
well this yeah people said they want us
to see it that was like a little baby
zombie yeah
to dock
you aim at that kid the first place
these fast zombies it was Jim Lehrer I
don't know what's fast
yeah I mean yeah they do they move they
move they'll make it great things some
own daughter calls on you know I didn't
okay
oh shit
why would you even bother shoot any of
those right why would you waste your
ammo like that all right
right
so they should shoot you think think
think think think think you're right
this is just sad and bland it was really
obnoxious world where's the movie
zombies huh I guess it's kind of neat to
see the big horde coming after the
fallen over each other and so it's a
weird visual
this isn't World War Z and Sons of
Anarchy had a shitty baby at a soundy
baby
I love watching console games where the
character isn't able to turn quickly
trollers just as good as the mouse just
as good just good I mean anybody who
said and speaking as a controller person
if anyone says a controller is just as
good as a mouse that they're lying to
themselves there's many of there's many
reasons to use a controller in comfort
but it's not it's not nearly as good as
a mouse okay or are they
dun-dun-dun
that's it
fairly rich that's it pickup that's it
that's it I mean it's just it's it's it
it's it's a zombie game
it's the zombie game and you play as a
biker - yeah that's it just just just
just that's just that's just it
fruit pie the magician I use a
controller in tf2 - I love controllers
I'm a controller person I prefer a
controller even in first-person shooters
but but a mouse is definitely more
accurate I prefer the feel auto
controller though so that's it what
don't you watch dishonored - so that's
what that trailer by the way is why I'm
fucking done with zombie games so
fucking bland so fucking planned so
fucking bland like all the fucking time
everybody's done with zombie games can
we can we all agree on that great Jack
for president 2016 - year to year ban
obviously grandfathered in if your game
is currently in production yeah I'm okay
to make the sole exception dead rising
any any game right now currently in
production what I mean that means that
one has to be released it does that's
right and that's fine
it's currently in production right click
the exit you got access to click I
didn't notice that one up there Jack
I will get to Zelda we'll get to Zelda
I'm not watching self back I don't care
about something
I've Lana's face
I need to watch the South Park trailer
before I can consider my vote are there
zombies in it
looks like dishonor do
oh sure I don't know what designer to
looks like but I'm sure it does
who chooses the music for gameplay
trailers random do they just have do
they just have like they have a vault
full of mid-tempo cover songs that I use
for every gameplay trailer yes okay I
still haven't got around to playing the
first one yet looks like something I
would like need to get around to it
great great great great great great
great okay let's watch the Zelda we'll
get to the Zelda I'm sure there are lots
of thoughts on the Zelda
don't you think rich yeah don't you
think it's time so we start with him Oh
what are we starting with
there's the gameplay trailer we could
just put put on one of the longer ones
not be an ebow gameplay yeah let's go
the Legend of Zelda breath of the wilds
exploration game plan those are types of
gameplay they showed well I think this
is just the basic stuff
yeah that just seems like easy stuff
yeah that's just mute it and skip
forward until we get to actual gameplay
so did you see any of this I didn't see
the specific video but I've seen a
little bit okay I liked what they said
that you can climb anywhere that you can
see you can climb over it yep which
means no invisible walls yeah which I'm
a fan of you can climb on the rocks you
don't need special grass to climb on the
rocks you can go anywhere at the start
of the game yep I think that's a good
thing and that's what they are saying
and that is
very very exciting this is this is going
back to Zelda Zelda The Legend of Zelda
what's what's weird for me okay don't
take this as a complaint it's just weird
uh-huh
not seeing the traditional green tunic
in a weird so supposedly changing
clothes is gonna be important in this
game like those areas with different
weather I saw that you're in a like an
area that is cold you're gonna want to
change your clothes into something
warmer yep yep also you know you can
pick up different weapons and use
weapons and if you use weapon too much
it can break down it can is it even a
soda game if you're not wearing the
green tunic that's an honest question
that's an honest question what makes a
Zelda game a Zelda game well this is
like I said going back to classic Zelda
exploration yeah is what makes the Zelda
game that's all again explorations and
exploration well done oh well if you
look at the original Legend of Zelda
it's two things right exploration and
combat that's it
and that's what this looks like and it
looks great it looks fucking great just
get to you get to explore its The
Witcher weather Zelda skin
apparently I would like The Witcher the
which is too big for me though I can't
get into it the link does have an iPhone
when Co Inc has established the map huge
like that's good that that's how big the
fucking map is it's not great then again
with the big map I have no sense of
scale like how big is that area that was
right it could be really small but
jacuzzi like scripts crap says hey guys
did you get my Star Wars DVD designs
sent it in a month and a half ago
if you ain't going to sign it can you
send it back I sent postage also thanks
send send an email to red-letter contact
was contacted another video I think
there was one week out we didn't you
know lost or didn't have an address
descended to I think maybe maybe there
that you were not
and I've ever call there being something
somebody sent a sign we didn't know
where I send it but so this looks great
I'm super excited about this you walk
all over the place our explorations neat
I like the fact you can go anywhere I
shot like like climbing a mountain like
he had him you can take your that axe
that you got there and you can chop down
trees yep
that's neat that's super neat everything
about this looks incredibly incredibly
neat and I'm really excited about it
okay I have nothing unfortunately like I
don't have a ton to add because you know
the gameplay footage we've been shown
over and over again is this same section
yeah we haven't seen anything other than
this section people at e3 they have a
half-hour time limit yeah and you know
so basically we only get a little area
to explore and they haven't been so like
we know nothing about the story of the
game the greater setting the missions
the things you're supposed to do but
look at that you can just go fucking
anywhere that's fucking great this this
looks like exactly what I wanted which
is a game that has the spirit of the
original Legend of Zelda with better
graphics and better gameplay because
let's be honest the swipe swipe combat
of the original isn't very good isn't
very fun I've heard it's releasing
simultaneously on the the Wii U and the
NX yes okay oh and look at this there's
a mountain there yeah fucking climbing
wish they didn't show anything on the NX
did they no no information on the NX oh
hold on
çb Normandy says I am a designer at an
Activision studio regarding trailer
music generally developer send footage
to Activision and their marketing
department cuts the trailers out of the
best footage so it's a so it's a market
so a marketing department well here's a
question why don't they ever show
gameplay footage actually sell the game
for me probably because most people who
work at a marketing firm for something
like that actually studied marketing for
movies and so they don't really know
anything about marketing for video games
that would be my assumption isn't
Miyamoto retired anything to do with any
of the Nintendo games anymore I have no
idea I'm sure he's a congenial
consultant sure does he yeah design
anything anymore he was he was heavily
featured in last year's e3 like I think
he's still designing stuff is he making
a game where she's just like a
consultant well maybe he's in charge of
all the designers you know maybe maybe I
have no idea but this looks super fun
this is this is very uh this is very
Dragon's Dogma just walking around
running into bad guys obviously I'm only
using references from games that I've
played that yes I've not played The
Witcher I'm sure you can do this in The
Witcher 2
I'm just making rep - I'm just making
rep - I'm just making rep - I'm just
differences off of a game that I played
and enjoyed and that I enjoyed that
aspect of Dragon's Dogma really really
Grand Theft Auto - well grab that auto
as well yeah just thinking back to games
in recent history there is a whole
inventory system there's uh there's a
crafting system and this as well there's
there's there's a lot going on in this
game the worst part of Dragon's Dogma
what are you talking about I loved just
walking around in Dragon's Dogma I
fucking that was that was the whole game
for me it was neat I love just walking
around and randomly running into a giant
enemy that was the whole fucking game
actual exploration yeah you could walk
wherever it wasn't really walled off oh
oh I came across a an ogre fighting pit
run by goblins what that's awesome
link is a monster just killing innocent
things and stealing their food exactly I
love it who's the monster the players
the monster especially you have to eat
in this - no no you don't have losing
health knows what I've read you don't
know they they specifically said during
this thing you eat to regain health okay
but you you don't you don't go hungry or
anything like that yeah yeah I know I
don't want to go hungry that's dumb
if it took like now it happened quickly
but you know it sounds eat mmm if it's
yeah I guess it depends on how well it's
integrated into the game I was I was
playing um wow you're gonna you're gonna
kill that deer because you're hungry I
was fighting the flame in the flood yeah
and the flame in the flood has a hunger
stat mm-hmm
and you know obviously that affects your
overall well-being and that's nice but
this is more about just walking around I
wouldn't want a hunger stat in this
people want rails rails Jack my pie
chart marketing algorithm create created
by numbers research says people want
rails
I'm sure is it worth getting the WiiU
for this game I know I'm had my hands on
this game I've only seen footage that
looks neat my guess is by the time it
comes out they will also announce that
every Wii U game can be played on the NX
we'll see we'll see you know we know
jack shit about the NX yep Jack fucking
shit I'll see here's what you're talking
about early they have these cold areas
yeah and if you go into the cold area
you need to wear proper clothing you're
kind of funny how though it's a it's a
clear line it's a clear well-defined
line we're cold begins let's sit here
I'm still upset says this area's
Nintendo didn't mention a Western
release for mother3 at e3 speaking of
the mother games play earthbound it's
free you've heard school of you fucks
you fucks and anonymous has three things
Jack what do you have tattooed on your
arm there is a zelda trailer it's on
Nintendo's Channel would you mind if the
new Zelda didn't have much of a story
and focused on the gameplay yeah listen
when have the Zelda's had much of a
story do you remember what the story in
the original Legend of Zelda is princess
snow get the Triforce pieces it wasn't
even that you're an adventurer go do
shit that was the story you are an
adventurer go on an adventure that was
the story and then you threw the game
you discover the Triforce pieces but no
we don't need a story to there is a
Zelda trailer well we're watching the
gameplay footage in three I have a
tattoo of a stick family on my arm and I
have feet over here
that is year three is there any new
Mario games coming out they an INT endo
was very specific
did you see had we just hit him in the
face one no the the goblin or the mob
one after his after he dropped his
weapon he just picked up a clump of dirt
and through that's what is it isn't that
beautiful
I that's all I'm gonna do in this game
is just run around and murder all the
mob ones the maudlin Slayer
yep that is what I will be known for I
will be the bobland Slayer no who cares
about who cares about amiibo integration
or anything like that you can if you
have the the Twilight Princess amiibo
there are wolf sections you can play as
wolf link but who cares about that who
cares about that
mably yeah ma blends those are right
that's what they're called mob ones um I
believe those are mob ones there's
different types of like goblins oh sure
that might be the wrong type of oh that
might not be the mob line Goblin
the mob ones might be the fatter ones I
think I I don't know it doesn't matter
it's fine it's fine but in any case this
looks really neat this looks really
really neat and I'm very excited look at
that in other games you wouldn't be able
to just do that you would need to find
the ladder and if it had a ladder you
know then you could climb it up fun I
love that one of some areas will be
blocked off because the stamina of
course but naturally blocked off yeah
and I'm sure there's some errors were
you still need like the special you know
like I understood some temples you can't
get in I'd like to be able to explore
the whole of the overworld and I'm sure
there's some areas where you know much
like much like Metroid you need the
special item to get in like what should
be blocking areas off instead of the
fake obstacle it'd be harder harder
enemies those enemies are way too tough
me to tackle now but you can do it sure
if you're like let's see what they're
showing here you can scan enemies and
like look that enemy has 72 health wise
other enemies only have 13 health so
perhaps you know perhaps that's the
thing you can you you can use your you
can use your magic iphone to scan the
enemies so far cry so basically they're
ripping off far cry of all things which
is interesting it's not wrong it's just
interesting hmm
I'm here I think they're gonna show ya
look yeah
cold link like a cold link that's
awesome he's super cold Oh blue link
that's great as Michael Cross I don't
this is unconfirmed but says according
to Nintendo you can go straight to the
final boss if you want to probably lose
probably yeah well I can only assume
there'll be was someone someone will
figure out how to beat the final boss
make for interesting speed run two
minutes speed run if you didn't need any
special glitches yeah I make for
interesting speed run Jack has a very
low tolerance for awesome but it's great
that it makes him happy it this is what
I wanted I I really I have very fond
memories it's been a long time since I
played the original Legend of Zelda but
I have very fond memories of just
walking around the overworld look I I
wanted to see them break up the formula
and it looks like they're doing that
yeah yeah
also link can pick up hookers in this
one they're saying this and that's see
that's interesting
hi rim oh yeah really he pay you
disapprove its Hiram Hiram sounds too
much like something else it took me too
long to understand that you're you're
doing a high rural Skyrim yeah and I was
like Hiram moral role
what are those fluffy monther things
what I don't know
white choo-choo jelly
it does sound dirty let's see here to
give you some sense of scale apparently
this demo area is about two percent of
the game okay that's awesome
yeah it is awesome that's awesome it's
gonna be big to big let's go to game two
big yeah there are apparently over 100
mini dungeons in addition to the main
dungeons okay so basically what's
probably gonna happen is Nintendo's
gonna make this game and then just take
a year off they've made they've made the
largest game in Nintendo history and I
said you know what everyone here at
Nintendo we're gonna we're gonna have a
small team rotating in for bug fixes but
we're just taking the next year off you
guys have fun playing Zelda because we
know this is the only game you're gonna
be playing anyway I have a good year
I'll see you in 2018 they showed
anything from a dungeon you better climb
that little rock on top there person
playing this you better don't dictate
how this person plays god dammit don't
dictate how I play it
scale the mountain you can get a little
bit higher this is like say half a foot
you can just take another step take
another step there I'm there up there
rich it doesn't matter
one more set that's all baby just one
more step away from the peak let's see
let's see if they get over this is the
Zelda game hunchback jack this is the
new zelda game and it looks kind of
awesome but did they show anything from
a dungeon was it I believed they died
believing one say they did why don't you
click on that and we'll go search for
some dungeon footage Dungey on
see if you find something from
Nintendo's channel Nintendo has a
channel yeah dude dude look for shrine
trial is what they're saying there's a
video trying at trial okay there you go
there we go
intend to treehouse people playing it
again if link says Fu's ro dah I'm out
ha what that's a Skyrim thing okay you
can I get it
arrow to the knee I get all the jokes
all the I all of jokes all the time they
can review they just can show footage
right what I'm some video of an Easter
egg and dome yeah
in hell you can find a corpse wearing
like a barbarian task helmet yeah and
the corpse has an arrow when its name
that's very funny very funny
no you cannot play as zelda or link i
know that was that was the fan hope
slash speculation is choosing the gender
of your link you know the bigger the
biggest like if the biggest shame was
meant at Nintendo response yeah if they
would have just been if they were just
gonna said no you can't I don't think
anyone would have better than I yeah
but they said link will always be a boy
well they said are in our story you know
like it's important you know like it
requires link to be a boy and then you
know like the the interviewer kind of
pressed him on it yeah and it was just
like well you know what if the player
you know could play as a girl and they
were just like but then but then what
would the boy do what would Zelda do
there you know what would they said what
if you could play like as Zelda and go
on the adventure Zelda and then link is
in the castle and then they said but
what would link to and it's like fucking
Me Tender what the Zelda do have linked
to that how hard is this you know it was
just the biggest bullshit response ever
and so it's just like it's how hard is
it it says it's a Zelda game what people
want play as lady's elder let him play
as Lady Zelda or lady link if he want to
play as lady link
let him play his lady link it's not like
story wise they're really all that deep
the Zelda's no I never said if you got
some weird kind of narrative story
you're trying to tell it's very
important that the main character is a
specific character would it but how
would it be would it be like detrimental
to the story if everyone was gender
swapped not not at all
I can understand swapping like every
character in the game for no good reason
would be a pain in the ass but but oh
yeah I'm just say oh I'm saying for the
story mm-hmm like would it would that do
anything to the story if you just click
the button and gender swapped everybody
well you can't just click about it and
do that no for the story rich not in the
game I'm saying you could have the exact
same story and nothing would happen oh
good for all you know what if what if
zelda sprang this ha ha ha ha ha to the
star child
you're right force child you're
absolutely right link would have to be
pregnant with the Triforce child if you
genders watch everybody's it doesn't
always work that way jack or differences
I'm sorry as a pregnant single mother
Zelda you'd have to go through the
trials and they'd be twice as hard get
some love fer to single ladies now here
you know I'm saying no I'm saying right
no I'm saying no okay
The Adventures of Fionna and cake proved
my point absolutely right the blue blaze
that was a great that's a great one
have you ever seen adventure time I've
heard about that No so I'm familiar with
that would you say for those who don't
know adventure time is stars Finn and
Jake Finn the human boy and Jake his dog
friend they did a few gender swap
episodes and it has turned into its own
thing The Adventures of Fiona and her
cat friend cake and it works the exact
same well that's not a straight gender
swap what that's not a straight-up
gender swap
cake is a doctor comes a cat - it's a
girl cat though they did mortgage swap
agender I changed it to a cat sex and
species Jack that's important
he said dogs the same thing as a cat do
you like it if I said you were the same
thing as a monkey Jack would you like
that
would that make you feel happy there's
no difference between you and orangutan
they're completely interchangeable Jack
yeah I watch Steven universe there's
always red shit seriously why is the red
shit everywhere don't know you got a
magnet
you got a magnet what's neat why is
there ugly red shit everywhere
that's important we just like the
differences in cats and dogs are also
important why does the floor keep
turning into something out of mission
impossible that is the wrong look maybe
it's like a scanning the red isn't then
that kind of Tron look is the wrong look
I think for this up for Zelda it's
alright
tired and sad I got that message that's
very interesting thank you for sharing
only so they're saying only certain
items can be picked up and the wrench oh
the red floor flourish oh you see what's
really I'm just what I'm saying is it's
a really ugly effect um it looked out of
place in a fantasy setting and I think
that's a fair statement sure I I have no
strong feelings it's distracting
whatever I say it for or against the the
glowing red floor so
the dungeon tools the iPod is okay no
that's kind of weird too
there say you know it someone mentioned
this and I do remember them talking
about this on the Nintendo treehouse
which is this game in particular the
items you get and the dungeons have an
emphasis on technology this is a
technological game so this is like weird
future post-apocalyptic Zelda maybe
maybe there's a lot we don't know so
they're ripping off Far Cry and horizon
apparently is there gonna be a robot
Tyrannosaurus Rex running around the
overworld that would be awesome and then
you got to ride it you got to write oh
would that be great and you get to shoot
of what the tethers lenka's tether magic
well he has magnet tethers Oh magnets
Heather oh they're different and then
and then link gets to ride a robot
dinosaure onto Battlestar Galactica only
to run in to naked Norman Reedus holding
a goo baby I'm just talking to shorty ed
Mogwai the old short eared mag wife he's
the humble monk or the Crypt Keeper
he's the kid this is the Crypt Keeper Oh
God Yoda that's Yoda across with the
Crypt Keeper is what that thing is
oh you know what I'm so happy those two
found each other there are much better
couple they're much better couple than
you would think they really balance each
other's Norman Reedus and his normal
fetus you can catch and ride wild horses
I would hope so
I would hope so greetings boys and
ghouls legend of zelda every game what
every game every game what legend that's
the subtitle for this game every game
far cry and horizon a little bit
oh these jerks again alright great I
always on over the Denton yeah so what
do you I got what everybody your
feelings rich yeah we need except for
the red stuff say for the rest of it all
looks neat what do you want what do you
want out of me I don't know they did
what they had to do it looks different
and it actually looks like an open-world
explorer not a series of I don't know
like gated overworld is not a series of
gated rooms alright great great that's
kind of all we get so but enthusiasm
right what is what is neo and IOH what
is that
Oh neo neo you can watch it you look at
that
sure neo then we're done is which I'm
sure I'm not pronouncing anywhere near
correctly is the the game what I tried
to play which is samurai Dark Souls made
by co e we can listen to this one if you
want yeah
I said so samurai Dark Souls made by
team ninja something like e18 I tried I
tried I downloaded the demo and the day
we tried to play it it had expired
ok and it had like expired the hour
before we scream that's why it's also
yes
looks like fun combat yeah
yep oh yeah delay
the lady
it looks like again yeah it looks like
there might be some co-op this here
looks like there's some PvP which could
be fun you might even get to play as a
lady it's a crazy world we're living in
rich why are you so obsessed having
optional lady avatars but you seem to be
obsessed absolutely I'm absolutely
obsessed with him
and you you keep watching all those
Caitlyn Jenner videos and YouTube I
don't know what's going on man what's
going on my she the the mom that killed
her baby
no which one's Caitlyn Jenner did she
have the baby in the trunk I wish I had
my button on the end stream for that oh
yeah that would've been the perfect
place to end it but it's off screen oh I
know we do but that was just too perfect
I'm so sorry that was too perfect that
was way too / 15 20 30 - weren't you
actually straight I am appointment
that's weird
dammit I'm so sorry oh no what I forgot
to turn out I forgot to turn on forgot
what they do subs with an exclamation
point what is the the exclamation point
subs is that it that's my fault I open
the program
I forgot the beefcake beefcake the
program is open programs open I forgot
to turn it on because I'm an idiot
rich didn't turn it on
we got a list we're fine no but really
who's Caitlyn Jenner is he too weird
um kool-aid man twenty fucking months in
a row thank you for subscribing
mr. shy smile twenty fucking months in a
row god damn it
lure Dayak holy moly no holy moly holy
moley JC bless our drugs for 20 fucking
months in a row in my defense it's the
first time I've ever actually seen holy
moley in text oh okay sure that's fine
that's fine that's fine
vodka gimlet 23 fucking months in a room
mr. glitch for 19 months in a row
Kilroy McCrum what Oh WTF indeed 13
months in a row my name is Doug leftover
beefcake is a programmer leftover
beefcake made us this amazing program
called the torture and it it keeps track
of everybody who subscribed during the
stream so we can thank them really
easily and thank the midstream and put
in bookmarks and do a bunch of amazing
stuff the only problem is you got to
turn it on I forgot to have to turn it
on I'm over it to work well sometimes we
forget I still would have ended the
stream after your not knowing who
regenerates because it was just too
perfect are you going to tell me or
Google do I want it's fine okay I did my
name is Doug BD light to Haman turkey
sub mr. grape Mario Mario 4224 fucking
months in a row suckas cuz 25 fucking
months in a row
oh hello gorath oh yeah Lake hon John be
820 18 months in a row baby Slayer 1 5 6
21 fucking months in a row gobbledygook
22 fucking months in a row
top ramens 16 months in a row during
that's good that's good that's great
that'd be was it be in her there's like
a giant flying above them what behind
the Sun perfect
purple space bazooka 17 months in a row
I thought when you said is that a bee I
thought you know there's actual bee and
I thought you meant in the name and so I
was looking at all the names like yeah
bazooka mad villains and handsome Rob
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
it's true it's true we really do we
really appreciated how long I had I
spoke Kate Kate with a why Kate L YNN
I assumed gender
she's a Kardashian she's a Kardashian
she's a Kardashian
she's a card
