Aug 7, 2016
Pac-Man
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/86932166
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kwjaUqSrNsg
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/762405865899040768

anybody here just doing display capture
and I am are we are we here can you hear
us I have no idea
can you see us your we're back
everybody's saying yes so I think that's
good
whoa it's alive et phone home yes silly
goose honk a black which I think the
Affleck thing is a duck didn't Gilbert
Godfried I will see the voice of half
life I don't think he's dead I'm
probably just remembering her that was
dumb okay they say they can see the
video and they can hear the sound and
it's pac-man 256 which they say is so
much better than pac-man 255 it's tech
man 128 it's it's a reference you know
what happens when you get to level 256
and pac-man oh yeah it's a reference to
that that's what it is I thought it was
like a reference to 2 4 and I'm doing
great
8 16 32 64 128
back man breaks on the 2 in 56 level and
oh yes that's all the memory these caves
were these systems were like so modest I
mean it never fails to blow my mind that
that a rom of Super Mario Brothers takes
up like 53 kilobytes and it's like oh my
god these days that games are like
probably like 52 do you know what the
last gigabytes do you know what the last
screen of pac-man looks like when you
get there yeah it that this alright this
is brilliant
corruption chases you up the whole time
does it yeah so you're constantly moving
up it's like infinite pac-man oh you're
not trying to eat all the dots
the in the original game like the whole
screens the whole restroom is that yeah
it's just not functional right half the
screen technically
oh so you're kind of like you're
constantly racing that thing that's kind
of cool yeah but if gobbledygook skip do
this to me thank you
Batman's right up my alley we have a
version of pac-man pac-man versus and
one person plays with a game boy advance
and they can see the whole screen and
their pac-man and then and then there's
three ghosts and each of them can only
see this little circle around them and
they've got the controllers and they're
looking at the TV screen it's cute
excessively why does it need to be
pseudo-3d mean like this is a like I so
doesn't need to be it's a stylistic
choice I think it works
I mean I suppose would be easy enough to
offer the option of having them on their
sides
I really had tramped because somebody
says I have pac-man versus a lot of fun
with a bunch of people isn't it yeah we
had to like go out you need like the
maximum amount yeah yeah we had to go
out and buy like more controllers I
think we had like two we bought another
one at least amongst our friends I was
too good at yeah yeah that's that's kind
of the problem like rich is pretty good
at pac-man I mean I know he's not gonna
say I'm a god yeah I mean I have no idea
where he goes as a percentile but like
you know me and and our mutual friends
and whatnot I've never really played it
a whole lot and we really suck so he was
kind of just dominating and kind of
taking it easy on us he needs a real
challenge do they have like a pacman
verse no they probably didn't because it
was the cube of pac-man versus like
online or they have any games where you
can play pac-man online anybody know
about a pacman where you can play it
online against other people what someone
asked if you're a god you say yes yeah
no kidding listen I was at work one time
and and we were messing around with the
handheld lasers and I told my coworker
don't cross the streamers and he said
what's that and I said you know
ghostbusters he goes I wasn't barn when
that movie came out I'm thinking that's
no excuse
how long before we stood Karen on best
the worst yeah I do kind of hate bad
movies I'd rather watch good so I
wouldn't hold my breath is what I'm
saying
I enjoyed that one vampire movie that we
watched what movie was that it had like
80s like Miami Vice style drug dealers
and hopping Japanese vampires there's
nothing I can do I'm dead
oh no you've turned into a bunch of
blacks they need to have a lego pac-man
where you turn into Lego bricks because
everything's cooler when with
disintegrated analytical pac-man's
basically brakes as it is I guess but
everything could more fun with Legos
called him redundant man's what they
would call it I totally loved the lego
super heroes and lego indiana jones and
lego batman and star wars yeah and
they've got a new one i haven't played
yet with dinosaurs lego dinosaurs they
go uh dressed world i totally want to
play that of course you do because it's
got lego dinosaurs i mean you know who
doesn't like dinosaurs who doesn't like
legos and who doesn't like very
forgiving games i'm not surprised and i
really hardcore be surprised how many
people will call you a filthy casual i'm
a filthy casual that's okay work yeah
well yeah i'm a casual gamer i like my
roller coaster tycoon I like my Sims I
like my Super Mario Brothers
Danya piggy damn you like a respectful
philosophical discourse how does that
work building a tower out of Plato
Socrates Nietzsche and Rene Descartes
snitching on me che
I'm an honest lady well you know July it
generally people figure it out sooner or
later anyway
yep they go everything ever games is
getting stale
maybe I mean like for the last few years
I haven't really had a game system
hooked up that was really even capable
of playing the Lego game so I you know
I'm sure you could get overdosed on them
but I haven't personally transport
tycoon deluxe that sounds like fun
I do like in roller coaster tycoon II
things i cool yeah yeah I really liked
in in roller coaster tycoon building the
little sky sky cars and mana rails and
and in riding them I like games where
you can like with rollercoaster tycoon
and stuff where you can like virtually
ride the games which is like the only
way I enjoy rollercoasters because I
just don't like that falling sensation I
have not played minecraft only just I
played it a tiny bit on my tablet I
think it's something that I would really
like if I sat down and got into it
because I like building things we went
to Great America and you were glad to
have me with a couple we went with your
sister you were glad to have me with
because I was your excuse not to have to
go on a roller coaster because I didn't
want to go
she talked you into it anyway I don't
know why he went no that was with Becky
when she does have a mecha when I roller
coasters yeah she talked me into going
on I thought that was Viper or something
it's wooden you sure the was your sister
does I said oh shit I thought that was
the same trip to Great America where
your sister put ketchup all over her and
she's fries that is the same trip where
where my sister talked me to put in
ketchup all over my cheese know where my
sister put ketchup all over cheese fries
but I don't never ever talk me into
going on any rollercoasters I don't like
falling sensations I don't like those
kind of things although I'm willing to
overlook it on and it's not as bad on
water water slides and things like over
at Noah's Ark and in The Devil's I'll go
on most of that crap stuff got me sick
oh yeah rich gets motion sick really
easy if I like management games says
loan Chiron and and thank you for dang
cash
what loader Aragon loner Archon if I
like management gain city skylines is a
good city builder that sounds like fun
there gonna be a new regularly streams
up possibly for the time being I mean I
mean right now I'm off work this week
and stuff and and I'm not gonna be
working next week for a couple weeks but
when I when I'm back at work I don't
know what my schedule will be right now
it's nicely wide open and I'm enjoying
it a lot of unpacking to do it was a lot
of unpacking to do when arranging stuff
and assembling desk which has been very
good about helping me assemble all this
particle board furniture
I'll have a good night Doyle late
similan furnitures really good as in
assembling furniture is kind of like big
Lego blocks except they attach like a
big erector set
like a big erector set with poorly
drilled in cut pieces which just do we
buy a new house or something no I've
moved up here permanently from from
Illinois into Wisconsin it's amazing I'm
living with rich now I was living with
my parents for a while and assembling
IKEA furniture is like going to hell
well then the ninth level of Hell is
assembling Walmart's extra cheap
bookshelves where's another psyche
heated of Milwaukee I'm not sure there's
one in Schaumburg Illinois that might be
the closest that's like the West so well
no it's not ridiculously char I mean I
don't know is it probably like 60 70
miles are we roomies room with benefits
we're saying what do you call it what's
the plural like fiancee and Fiona knows
why don't we're engaged
and thank you for the welcome don't
forget to unpack the condoms who is he
talking to this is Karen hi Rich's
fiancee
how do people not know these things by
now I don't know it's not your first
rodeo
no not my first rodeo but might be their
first rodeo welcome to Joe West land of
peace accord of Oz where things always
go smoothly
we never have problems they say we're
living in sin we're not living in sin
we're living in Wisconsin Wisconsin if
you're talking strictly biblically we
would be considered no there but my
point is that Wisconsin ends in sin like
the last three letters of Wisconsin our
sin
I'm serious though yeah yeah I know it's
nearly as Bible shit they didn't talk
about marriage ceremonies I don't think
I've ever really been a thing until
somewhat recently in the church right
I'm not entirely sure what a wedding
looked like in like biblical Canaan or
something I really don't know you just
found a girl you liked and okay you're
together no well I think you like you
know you you know show you negotiated
with her father or something I don't
know I don't know a whole lot about
wedding customs in Canaan in 3,000 BC or
something
sorry living together like in the movie
the room I don't think we're doing
anything like in the movie the room the
room is just awful which made me watch
it and it was like I know like a lot of
people think the room is like great
because it's so awful but I just found
it kind of this is my caring woman
torturing best of the worst yeah I'd
rather just watch a good movie instead
of like enjoy watching how bad something
is I can handle a cheesy movie I mean I
like attack of the killer tomatoes what
was Rich's dowry a popsicle a popsicle
it melted the hi mister glitch
yeah that's person who said life's too
short to watch the item I don't know
what the item is that's how I feel about
the room also that guy Tommy or whatever
he's just Tommy Wiseau
ya need
he's very convinced that he's sexy and
some people may find him sexy but I'm
not one of them the killer comes from
outer space it sounds awesome kind of
it's kind of awesome I like to see
somebody make a movie out of fat men
from outer space it's a kids book where
this kid realizes that there's an
invasion of fat men because he's got a
radio he's picking up radio signals in
his new filling fat men specifically
well they're fat men from space who came
to like steal our doughnuts or something
I don't know I read the book when I was
like eight I find that highly insulting
as a fat man and I demand an apology and
$20,000 is the only thing that will heal
my emotional pain my marriage will not
count as consummated unless I appear on
best of the worst otherwise Satan wins
you don't want Satan to win do you I
don't know he's been a very sympathetic
character and some of the movies I've
seen I believe the biblical term would
be concubinage so many happy days too
rich in his concubine thank you TD T Dax
P and and also the off switch - says you
name the exact moment you realize a
tronic
Arts has become an it's become
irredeemable shit four years ago 15
years ago 20 years ago a while ago you
know what they did with the Sims it was
annoying when they did it with the sims
1 but at least then they were like
copying see the thing like like I got
into the Sims and it's like they were I
was downloading all kinds of user
created content a lot of that had like
limited functionality because they like
take a toaster and turn it into a dog
you know or something because people
were just trying
you know skin some of the regular
objects and just rename the menus and
whatnot and then ei would jump in in a
release you know release various
expansion packs ed some of the same
items and it was kind of a mixed bag but
then it's like they did the exact same
thing with the exact same items in the
sims 2 it's like you already knew people
wanted dogs and ceiling fans and and
pets and which are dogs and and you know
and they just did it again and again and
it just gets to be so formulaic you
can't even know what they're gonna do
with this roller coaster thing they're
probably gonna make it suck by just I
just withholding everything yeah hold
the game just odd deal see ya got TLC
deal seen it you try to draw hair on
sims 1 and that yeah that could be kind
of weird you know I used to like to play
I really used to like to play there was
a game called dogs and cats and pets and
stuff and they got up to 5 and now
you're like you needed patches just to
make it run on newer systems but it's
where you could have like virtual pets
which is fine and they could go places
and wear clothes which is okay but you
could breed them and I'd like to see
them do to revisit that because the
genetics in the game were really neat
the each puppy was different and they
had different markings and things and
they could you know get into personality
and the ability to train them and stuff
so that's what I want yeah dogs and the
ten dogs but I want like in ten dogs
with genetics where you can breed in ten
dogs for fun
I've seen a lot of wacky user-created
sim stuff like I remember people making
like sims and wheelchairs I don't know
if ei ever did
Sims in wheelchairs puppy farm simulator
puppy mill puppy mill simulator well
yeah but I mean it's a game and ten dogs
was fun puppy mills are not puppy mills
are not we'vewe've in in my younger days
my parents brought some of the dogs with
issues from being in puppy mills and
poor breeding into our lives before we
realized that you know we should just
adopt from a shelter or a responsible
breeder clearly Rusty's was not a
responsible breeder quacky crippled pack
for 1999 yes I want a wacky crippled
pack I want you know the diversity of
human life I want two sims world where
you just want to torture crippled people
because I remember you playing The Sims
I know how you rolled yeah I just wanted
to see if they could die from misery
apparently they can I am NOT a mean
person Sims in roller coaster and it's
like well what happens can you drown
them apparently they can drown and
apparently the Sims can drown and
apparently you can make a whole bunch of
Sims and drown them and make your own
little Cemetery in your yard
apparently whoops need the church down
the street says it's a polka stop
somebody else somebody else says they
did the same thing they oh I know that
was common oh yeah just playing with the
diversity of life by torturing it until
it dies Oh
who steals the neighbors inside the
walls I don't know if I've done to the
neighbors I don't
the residents I'm just mean person to
virtual people yeah some of the time
Cemetery oh yeah I definitely called it
a cemetery the pool is the quickest way
to you just you just build a pool when
you invite the neighbors over for a pool
party and you get rid of the ladders
I've never done like some city cemetery
have that big tip to just to see the
Windows 10 pop-up well I'm glad you
enjoyed Sims cemetery why is that not a
thing
Sims cemetery cemetery managed because
it would be like that one cemetery that
that was like in this in the suburbs of
Chicago somewhere where they found out
that they were like hiding all these
bodies in a shed because it was cheaper
than burying them properly yeah wouldn't
it be great I'm sure it would be
contentious that's the same management
game I want some cemetery cemetery some
some some some some some some some
sometimes dead is better
how about things well they actually did
have like an afterlife what was on one
game was called afterlife called
afterlife it was like a simp game where
you had to try to keep the the damned
cells unhappy which kept them happy or
something and the and the and the the
angelic see angelic souls happy which
kept them happy and you'd like designed
an afterlife situation for these people
and the descriptions were great like you
could spend afterlife is like a cow and
stuff like in bliss if I tried the Grim
Reaper have I tried killing the Grim
Reaper
I haven't can you kill a Grim Reaper I
know you can like like play rock
scissors paper with them and that you
can kind of turn people into zombies if
they drink the wrong potion but no it's
him cemetery but the children come back
to life and cut your anklet ending with
a scalpel hmm not sure they're talking
about pet cemetery Oh pet oh yeah yeah
gage yeah little gage got hit by truck
they should have had him on a baby leash
are there surgeon simulators yeah there
is there's a there's a game for the
Nintendo DS where you can do operation
and what I just spawned on top of me
that's bullshit
yeah that's not nice that's horseshit
the LucasArts a afterlife game yeah that
was it it came out and like I don't know
like 97 into 6 something I know rich had
it on it's 46 or something you know I've
got a copy of it no no I sim afraid what
they call it surgeon simulator at the
trauma center yeah that was the game for
the for the DS yeah I wish they would
have like a sim House MD game because I
loved like watching house and trying to
like get the diagnosis right cuz cuz I I
kind of find pathologies sort of
fascinating and I know details about too
many diseases that fortunately I'm not a
hypochondriac about just because it's
kind of fascinating not that I want
anyone to have them I mean goodness
knows most of them are terrible but it's
kind of fascinating the way the body can
go right or wrong it's scary when you
get the diagnosis on house before house
does yeah yeah or when I get that or
when I look at house and I'm like that's
completely ridiculous you know like
somebody who's got your infection and
they're saying it's rhabdomyolysis or
something
oh there is a house a house m.d. mobile
oh but it's awful but you can be a dick
to your patients near staff well that's
a plus and yeah it's got to be lupus at
some point it wasn't one up yeah I know
it was Luke but lupus or sarcoidosis all
the time
they were trying to think or
rhabdomyolysis because with CrossFit
that was like a everybody's favorite
word it's got a lot of syllables
I've got hacky Drama disease House was a
great show I haven't seen like the last
few seasons of it but rich and I used to
watch it all the time we used to binge
watch it and it was great we haven't
seen the last like season and a half
yeah just what like eight seasons I
think I've got like the first six on DVD
seven I thought I just know we haven't
seen whatever whatever the number was I
know we haven't seen the last half
if I played themed Hospital
I have not you tell me about it
they said the finale kicked ass and they
said it got too dramatic I wonder you
think rich do you think what's-his-face
well I don't want to spoil it if hot
sexy hospital administrator lady ever
got together with house permanently
probably not house house wouldn't end
that happily Cuddy that was her name and
Wilson oh my god they were so nasty to
him the mass but I'll have to look that
up
that's a game right yes
fucker
half blocking motherfucker of course yep
of course breakin my city watch monk
with Tony Shalhoub I haven't no there's
a lot of things that I need to get into
one of these days
did I rich die ever make you watch I was
like Donnelly's yes was good I really
liked it and but I'd only ever made it
one season it would be awesome if one of
the those with Captain Kathryn Janeway
was the mother yeah yeah if Netflix or
somebody would pick it up and resurrect
it rich what are your your opinions on
heavy metal the animated movie all right
when I was a kid it really freaked me
out and as an adult I watched it again
and it was god damn it really that meant
it no it was so tame when I saw it is it
a dull but when I was really young that
was like wow this is some hardcore shit
too it's a cartoon with like sex evil
there's a bunch of shows I've been
meaning to get into like Dexter and and
monk and I hear really good things about
Game of Thrones and we enjoyed Rome I
don't know if they were the same at all
I still haven't seen the season 2 of
Roman I should OH
Rome is good and what's the one that it
ended a while ago were the guys making
drugs because he's got cancer so he
gives money Breaking Bad and bad
broke my chain cuz those fucking goes I
guess yeah fuck it fuck it
the more continuous pellets you eat
without like a break the higher the
points good form you're trying to get up
to 256
I think it's an amusing design choice
that the pellets are cubes because of
this resolution they can easily be not
cubes well no thanks good all with a
full retro style one of the characters
know how Dexter's Laboratory no like
Dexter Dexter Dexter's Laboratory is
cute and Danny Phantom even if it has
the worst worst theme song ever I really
liked Danny Phantom it's well done only
the first half of Dexter is great yeah a
lot of things jump the shark sooner or
later just watch seasons 1 and 4 and
pretend that's all there ever was it
Deadwood was kind of cool from the ones
I've seen and I've heard great things
about madmen
I like weeds and all that that ended a
long time ago that was a good one rich
and I weren't in the office for a while
Rugrats Rugrats he's kind of great and
so is Fairly OddParents even though it's
directed at children and kim possible
especially Danny Phantom I really like
that oh and impossible gets older you
ever watch el tigre yeah I liked El
Tigre
I loved the design elements you reminded
me that one game that Jack was playing
the other day the the one that's got the
same basic theme as guacamelee but it
wasn't guacamelee you should you should
try Guatemala welcome Elia sounds cute I
mean if nothing else for the game our
title the end of the show we'll watch
Regular Show know there's a lot of stuff
I haven't seen
I spend my time screwing around in the
internet when I ought to be watching
quality movies and television and
playing video games
the only person you'll ever meet that
says I should really watch more
television rich did you like the tick
doesn't everybody like the tail yes
boon spoon
friends know I'm not a big fan boy
friends Oh not gonna get out get out
inside who's this girl that's talking
it's Karen Satan at you
I am your conscience I'm your conscience
put your pants back up this is God this
is God real genius I see you touching
yourself oh I love real genius I mean
seriously who doesn't want to be like
some kind of nerd with a bunch of nerd
friends ice skating and the blowing up
houses with popcorn yeah
his prince doesn't do it for me a lot of
the usual sitcoms don't how does how do
you know me you don't I mean how does
how does rich know me where do we start
beginning that in high school harp music
and chimes and weird swirly scream back
in time first time I met rich we both
had the same gym class together
sophomore year I only thing I really
remember doing is playing pickleball
with him which was like like like table
tennis on a badminton court whatever and
then we went to the same Community
College and that's when we started
hanging out yeah we had the same circle
of friends in high school yeah yeah and
I really had this is true this is true
in high school other than gym we didn't
have any classes together but we had
like the same same
overlapping circles of friends and every
morning we all of us used to get
together in the library and sit at the
same table and you know like before
school started and just chill out and
talk and stuff
pickleball I don't you know I have no
idea who or what plays pickleball except
for gym classes it's it's from what I
remember it used ping pong paddles and
small wiffle balls and a badminton net
which I guess you know like the ball
moves slower or something then tennis I
don't know I've never heard of anybody
playing pickleball outside of like
Midwestern gym classes although I
suspect it probably exists and gym
classes other places to a ball with a
jar of pickles in it I don't know I like
pickles and and locker rooms tend to
smell kind of like pickles but yeah now
I don't want pickles yeah I'm pretty
sure to sport that exists only in house
I agree like that other game we used to
play which used a volleyball net like in
elementary school but the volleyball in
that had like holes through it and they
called it like space ball or something
weird which which what gene teacher was
that I had actually played badminton in
the Olympics it was first pot I don't
know who was in the Olympics I thought
it was the Olympics was just like a
competitive
I don't know as mr. it is Bruce pant oh
okay I'm pretty sure he had some kind of
connection of like like high level
badminton skills he was an English
teacher I know like all he retired by
now 10 years after we graduated we just
ran into him in a store and I was amazed
that he remembered her names did he was
that with you I maybe you weren't or was
that mr. O'Reilly that no that was does
that pan - I think I think it was Ponto
I've I've run into a number of teachers
see he he didn't gym and like English
Missouri I said oh I don't know why they
why they pronounce a Badman because
people you know like worship sir sauce
people just drop stuff out of stuff
because it's easier to say like people
say kindergarten and not kindergarten
but yeah it's badminton
and the spelling any I don't know what
his levels are mister Ponto but I
remember he was a really into the
badminton yeah and I far as I know he
was really good but I never saw em play
somebody said rich the good teachers
remember their students yeah yeah but
like I don't know about you and how many
students has he honey through the years
he had and also like you know you always
have certain teachers that you really
click with and that you're really close
to it and while I never had any negative
issues with mister Ponto he was not you
know I never really hung out with him
after class you know to ask him
questions or something I mean it's not
you know I mean there's certain students
you can remember more than others and I
don't know that there's any particular
reason why mr. Ponto should have
remembered me it's not like you know he
was my coach and the badminton team or
you know I don't know it see any reason
why either of us would have stood out to
him in particular maybe he remembered
your laughs they said rich maybe maybe
but under why you'd remember me do I
drink alcohol well sometimes not today
oh no I can't go out with you because I
don't drink oh it's all over now
rich laughed in school I'm sure he
laughed sometimes I doubt I had very
many belly laughs in class I hope not
that could get disruptive on our first
date did he make me french fries on the
stove I don't know that we really went
into a first date kind of situation we
were just kind of friends first and then
it turned into something else they want
to know about the burning my
grandmother's house down incident oh
yeah yeah they want to know why you call
me charred
I called him charred because he charred
the wall trying to make himself dinner
in oil on the stove and then carrying
the pan out flaming into the snow and
kind of setting the wall on fire and yay
for homeowners insurance he was like at
the time it's like his grandmother kind
of liked to cook for him and stuff and
at that point in his life he was kind of
had the cooking skills of an
eight-year-old who would you know was
suddenly trying to fend for himself he's
gotten better there was a time when when
he asked me if I when he was microwaving
hotdogs and he asked me if I wanted one
and I said couldn't you boil mine
instead and he asked me how and I'm like
well the water needs to be had and a hot
dog needs to be in the hot water and
really the order is not that important
to me I don't really care if you've
drilled a hot dog in the water and then
heat the water up or if you heat the
water up and then throw the hot dog in
during the hot tug in second is probably
preferable but really who cares how do
you make the water out well you know you
put water in there and you turn on the
fire and how hottest too hot if the
water's boiling that's fine if the
water's ice-cold that's not gonna heat
it up but I could slip it yeah now he
has the quickness skills of an 11 year
old exactly and that's an improvement I
don't appreciate this outright slander
law he's rich cool about fire safety
no no rich are you cool about fire
safety yeah
do you like Smokey the Bear no only you
can prevent forest fires Smokey the Bear
is a jerk we're in the Midwest it's way
too wet for forest fires most of the
time use the microwave I'm a big fan of
microwaves no now if you're interested
in quality it depends of what you're
making some things are just fine in the
microwave
are we ready stirred for the wedding at
a fire station that would be an awesome
place to have a wedding this is a
beautiful fire station around here but I
think they probably want you to be like
a fireman or a fireman's wife or
something to have a wedding there you
know like what if they need to use fire
trucks they probably might it's not like
they can schedule when they're gonna
need them if I want quality don't make
hot dogs well sure although you know
some of those Vienna beef hot dogs are
pretty tasty
and those up here you can't find the
enemy Vienna beef hot dogs I know well
there's always Polish sausage and good
brats actually when you go to visit your
mother I think your job is gonna be to
secure your beef hot dogs yeah yeah I
can do that I'm gonna keep them cold the
whole way yeah we'll need a styrofoam
cooler nice I can bring you back
Vienna Vienna buy beef hot dog well or
ice are like ice packs or or or just
like get a couple packs of you know like
actually you know what I mean hot dogs
aren't that big I get one of those like
canned coolers like you know one of the
small ones for like that holds like 12
cans of pop or beer and then you know
put put a couple of bags of frozen peas
or a couple ice packs in there and the
hot dogs they should be fine I mean it's
only like an hour and a half drive or
something it's not massive do I live in
Wisconsin now I do oh I live in
Wisconsin
well you know maybe Wisconsin isn't
known as much for its meat but you know
it's got the cheese and everybody likes
cheese everybody pretty much I mean I
guess like people with dairy allergies
probably don't or at least they can't
have it but you know cheese is good
vegans maybe not so yes they do have
vegan cheese though part of the math off
Amazon they sell everything else far as
I know Amazon seems to sell mostly
non-perishable grocery things although
you can buy like 9000 crickets so those
are kind of perishable Wisconsin does
have good brats Wisconsin is known for
its soul-crushing but well so is
Northern Illinois by and large what
winter they did said Wisconsin's known
for soul-crushing boredom I said so is
Northern Illinois so in most places
unless you're rich and you can just
another southern Illinois their
injection that's true
southern Illinois is it's like
Illinois's got a population of like 13
million and nine million of them live
right in the Chicago area and the rest
of the state is do you rural for the
most part have you been to Mars cheese
castle oh heck yes they've got more than
cheese I've got more than she is that
the cheese castle you know whenever I
hear that song there's more than corn in
Indiana at Indiana Beach blah blah blah
I think to myself well yeah Indiana's
got a lot of soybeans too but ya know
the cheese castle has a deli and uh and
a bakery and like a little cafe area and
a bar and a supermarket and at a
souvenir shop it used to be like if
there was a cheese castle and then they
like built a bigger cheese castle it
looks like a castle in their parking lot
and put more stuff in it and it's right
off of the expressways geez castles
great
where were we here
huh check out Jacob who works seven
years to earn racial as his bride and
Rachel's dad to the old switcharoo and
gave Jacob the wrong bride
so Jacob worked another seven years for
the right daughter yeah but didn't take
him do that funky thing with the Sheep
like you were he'd like dyed them by
putting sticks and water so you know and
plus the thing he did with Esau with his
brother and the stew so you know
everybody was like double-crossing
everybody and he made jarred sticks
which made their offspring come out
brown or something weird
speckled or something and then they have
this sheet but ya know that I like and
then they need the Jacob's sheep after
them which are spotted but it's way more
interesting that they can have like up
to three pairs of horns cuz they're like
they call it Polly see right when
they've got way too many horns and let's
see who else question Karen can I recall
the moment and rich stole my heart well
I mean certainly in Ronnie yes when we
were watching Midnight Cowboy and we
kissed not so then oh my god no there's
no one moment voting for the best hot
dogs in Wisconsin she says only child
check out his tip Canucks meat market in
strange Ville it's up near Green Bay
that's a long way but if we're up if
we're up near Green Bay definitely think
about it one of these days we got to go
up to the door County I mean heck we're
halfway there and I have been there
store County says I wasn't during the
night cowboy you know it was after
minute after midnight oh yeah you know
we're watching you have to remember
Midnight Cowboy in something else yeah
why don't we watch right after midnight
cowboy cuz Midnight Cowboy was before I
dared to kiss you I can't remember I'll
know what if you tell me it was the
Moriarty episode of Star Trek The Next
Generation we are such nerds nope you
want me make Cowboys a great movie by
the way if you haven't seen it it's it's
about a country boy from Texas who wants
to make a living as a stud it's like a
male prostitute for women in New York
and he
and he really doesn't make it
financially and he ends up living with
Dustin Hoffman who's a handicapped bomb
I and it's it's just a cute little story
about their friendship and in his
efforts to become a stud in the big city
it's a cute movie yeah Jon Voight and
Dustin Hoffman that's the one the scene
Devers to be a male prostitute who
sleeps with women yeah that's why I said
yeah hey I'm walking here yeah ratso
Rizzo and Hansel and Gretel and that
weird party with the weird music I
picked up the soundtrack just cuz I love
that one weird song it's playing when
they're at the party oh the the rat
Muppet is named after rat so the Muppet
is named after yeah I didn't know that I
never thought about it it has to be I
didn't hear that stated for a fact but I
mean what else is he named after you
know I mean it's never thought about and
I don't really think about them rat from
the Muppets that much which is odd
because I like rats and mice they're
cute small furry things in general
oh it's Rizzo the rat okay I think he is
Rizzo the rat
yeah ratso Rizzo Rizzo the Muppet to the
neighbor is though you thought you're
saying his name that's a Rizzo is the
character's name oh yeah he said it
wrong isn't wrong he's still named after
yeah he probably is Rizzo Rizzo that so
midnight Cowboys was the only x-rated
movie to win an Oscar it's us x-rated
yeah I mean the team x-rated yeah I mean
I guess you know maybe they show them
having sex but I'm not sure they even
show their genitals
maybe they show I mean there might be a
little bit of nudity but I mean the
movies kind of raw because it shows you
know poverty and what it means to be you
know jobless and screwed up in New York
but not really it's not a huge amount of
swearing or sex or drugs going on before
modern ratings were standardized maybe
because it was 1969 and the
controversial theme so I guess you know
poverty prostitution male friendship no
I mean they never it's never any
implication that they were more than
friends and romance
yeah bromance something in friendship
yeah porn with a depressing story well I
mean I think the idea of porn is usually
to titillate and I don't know The
Midnight Cowboy is titillating though
it would be r-rated a free release today
a sad and ever I I think if the movie
was r-rated at all it could easily be
made not our rated minimal effort
oh yeah the the nerdy the nerdy gay guy
gets gets Voight off at the cinema
there's that theme in there
I don't recall yeah there's a I believe
there's a oh and there's also that that
weird guy with the with the Bible and
stuff in the hotel room so yeah I guess
there's some stuff in there can I say to
the light again
yes
oh boy God that one fucking closed X
rating wasn't only for porn our didn't
exist back then now ours like you can
only get in with your parents and exes
like you can't get in at all or what's
is there a difference between X and n
c---seventeen no X is basically made up
by the porn industry okay at this point
it's not an official nothing is
officially rated X okay
they want to see you guys play a game of
cards against humanity' I do too
no it sounds like Apple samples it's not
apples
yeah all right not apples to apples
because the the cards are all kind of
potentially contentious things apples
apples is just the worst it's cute it's
the worst I like it
it's contemptible whom you're playing it
with with whom you're playing it
whatever it's apples to apples for
perverts exactly it's cronyism the game
that's what apples to apples is well
apples to apples notwithstanding cards
against humanity' too much subjectivity
just play cards against humanity' or at
least look forget about apples to apples
am i go to checkers too and not
particularly I don't think I'm good
honestly at unwinding with casual games
that don't actually require that much I
bring it just to relax why didn't the
mini pac-man I'm I like bejeweled and
rollercoaster tycoon and just kind of
chilling out and makes things easy for
myself of games and if I want to
challenge myself I'll draw something or
use different parts of my brain but
admittedly games I just like just
chilling out and having fun
I don't know about the mini pac-man
power it's kind of lame kind of lame
kinda lame just make smaller sends out
three mini peckmon that kill ghosts just
three like Doppel packs you don't always
go the way need them to go and be deaf
Doppel what's what's Doppel is double
what's triple the german broke with
streak oh my god the core man yeah I do
like to stuff Oh bookworm is great
bookworm adventures we've played that I
don't got it either want
I love bookworm you have a grid of
letters and you try to make words out of
them and if you make good words out of
them then your character creates damage
to the little characters like a
role-playing game and it's fun if I seen
space cop I have not I wanted to wait
until I got up here to see it with him
oh god cameras so much so much I'd do it
for you somebody got their first job
congratulations
give me a cart attendant at Target just
be careful out there drivers are idiots
I'm engaged to a movie star you know I
posted a picture of us recently of us
bicycling and somebody somebody said
that's rich Evans from from rlm and I
thought he was mine first I've known him
longer and there wasn't a Harlan your
friends on Facebook who doesn't know I
think yeah I think occasionally like
friends on Facebook are like that's rich
Evans from rlm and I don't think they
realized that me he's not rich Evans
from rlm because I knew him before there
was an RL m it's not like I mean some
people I think they might think that
it's like oh you know you're going out
with him because he's rich Evans from
Harlem or something and it's like rich
rich and I have been together a very
long time
yeah be the best employee you can be be
the best card pusher you can be don't be
like our friend who got himself hired as
like Christmas health cashier somewhere
and then he decided he wanted to do
something else so he thought that if he
did a bad job at that they would put him
in the position he wanted I refused to
call him friend yeah he'd be a great
cart pusher and and make it obvious that
you you wanna if you do want to do
something else make it obvious that you
want to do something else you know
you're a great cart pusher how can we
keep you happy well I'd really like to
be a stock boy or whatever you know yeah
how old was it I mean I started out when
I my first job in a large company was as
a bagger how old was Paul at the time
Paul was probably about 25 how many jobs
had he had like two well how long has it
been since he it had a job like 10 years
or so ten years he had a job you know
living with his father mm-hmm trying to
help this guy I would kept encouraging
him to get a job he finally got a job
holiday help at Value City which isn't
even around anymore
and and he didn't like the job they had
him doing they had him pushing carts so
his strategy to not push carts was to do
as bad a job as he could so they would
have him do something else and what
happened oh oh
during the holiday right before
Christmas would you know the holiday
rush when they want anybody with a
frickin pulse
they fired his ass because he was that
bad you gotta be bad I mean yeah the
fire you the day after Christmas but
shit you really have to be doing bad for
them to replace you out of your
entry-level job at you know a department
store like two days before Christmas you
got to be bad to be worthless to a store
right then and there basically he was
somebody from Karen's Church that no one
at the church really liked they're a
nice Church they're nice people patient
people took pity on I'm kind of you know
became his friend yeah well we both we
bonded over over sick
musically both we both like 60s rock and
stuff and other kinds of music yeah and
then he asked you if you wanted to be
friends with benefits
ya know and he knew rich and he knew we
were a couple and you know I don't want
to be one kind of cut ties what he was
like trying to break rich and I up and
as far as somebody asking up there with
am i jealous of our alum no I've always
encouraged rich I mean rich which is a
is a shy person I've always encouraged
him to do stuff with his friends and and
that you know to have activities and
stuff you know I want rich to have a
full and diverse existence I don't want
him to just hang out with me all day
I think she's mostly just confused by it
hey I don't understand all of it yeah
and I'm out of the loop on a lot of it
but I certainly have nothing against it
I think it's great that rich has been
able to do something that he likes
instead of you know just doing stuff
simply you know out of the need to
support himself he's able to support
himself with something he enjoys which
is great it's rare it's rare yeah
I mean I never heard him say oh god I
got to go to work I hate that office
which is a self-actualize man are you a
self actualized man can you see my
drawing sometime I'm sure I could show a
picture of one of them I'm not I'm
certainly not God's gift to art or
anything like that I like to do a lot of
stuff on my tablet digital stuff like
digital portraits and things and I'm
like extra proud of myself when when
Facebook tries to recognize them as
actual face yes my proportions are right
they think this is somebody
you suppose there's an early version of
Facebook's like face finder that used to
like flag like light sockets as soon as
you said that I'm thinking too flag what
light sockets cuz like American light
sockets looked like horrified faces they
do not at all I I mean it's just the
American what some of the other ones
don't look like horrified faces
horrified faces that you
you stick prongs into their eyes in
their mouth so I mean you know you can
somebody's gonna stick Prague's in your
eyes no wonder you're horrified and do I
draw rich like my French girls I have
I'm not showing you those I drawn him
sleeping he's sweet I haven't drawn him
and atomically like French girls
outlets yeah Richard saying that like if
Facebook's faced algorithm was in its
infancy would it recognize electrical
outlets as faces because they look like
faces yeah long just stay away from
gorilla suits and cold warehouses I
think urilla suits and hot warehouses
are probably a bigger problem those
things are hot requesting drawings of
rich sleeping sometime I'll zoom in with
the computer thing and I'll show you the
one paper one picture I did it from
sleeping
damn you blinky blinky blinky damn fine
run though I'll tell you that much
blinky pinky call you later pick you
soon sometime soon who could tell I mean
they're not really in atomically
I mean maybe under their ghost skirts in
miss pac-man Clyde was called sue yeah
see I would have thought pinky they
would have just said pinky's a girl
because pinky's pink and too easy it
would have been not even sexist oh the
pink ones the girl I get it okay where
was I going up going up going up no
you're not big on the Bible you should
read Ezekiel highlights three-headed
monsters and a gemstone gyrocopter ah
maybe kind of more of an ecclesiastic
all is vanity and chasing after the wind
you know in the the phrase there's
nothing new Under the Sun said by
somebody like I don't know four thousand
years ago or something and really you
know humanity hasn't changed people are
people people have always been people
technology certainly asks there's the
hot dog guy and only child got another
Wisconsin food tip for you when you get
up to Door County check out the Viking
grill and Ellison Bay best white fish
chowder ever I only went somewhere I
went there with my with my friend once
years ago and to Door County
and we had some place where they like
they were like boiling white fish and
oil and it was in onions Vidalia onions
or something and it was just
extraordinary
it was delicious except the fish did
have a lot of bones
Dork county is like a really nice little
touristy traffic kind of an area and we
went to this one gas station sister bay
and they had these old pumps from like
the 50s or 60s with like mechanical
dials and stuff and I'm like oh this is
so cool and they're like yeah we're
getting new ones in two weeks and I'm
like why these are awesome
I don't know how to use them and show me
how but it's awesome that you've got
like the gas pumps that time forgot yeah
door cornuke county fish Broyles oh yeah
they're so fun it's so much fun
which did you ever owned a Dreamcast he
certainly did we played I used it to
play what was that King the queue to up
up space channel 5 channel 5 a big fan
of Power Stone power still more like a
lot more than 2 and you played what was
the one the skateboarding game a jet
grind radio yeah check dried radio and
oh and roll the Crazy Taxi game yeah
which are so much fun I had one but I
gave it to my Sudanese for Christmas
yeah to her to his my mother's my
brother is living with a woman who has a
child yeah yeah I don't know if there
she's adorable engaged or what their
status is but but nice woman nice little
girl
yeah and rich gave the little girl the
Dreamcast
so she's if they get married then that
would be his niece officially but she's
just sudanese right pseudo niece-in-law
yeah whatever she is she's a very nice
child yeah
Stef nice hmm I don't know would it be I
mean like because people are like uncles
by merit well yeah that's true but
that's not her yeah it would be like her
stepfather so be you'd be the step-step
uncle whatever she's a lovely kid and we
weren't really using it too much and and
yes she got some use out of it and she
was enjoying crazy yeah she was enjoying
crazy taxi and crazy taxi is a lovely
game for children because I mean really
you mean you run out of time but you
just restart at the time you bounce off
walls it's a fun game
ah herckel there's no green in this game
there's no like green ghost or anything
I don't know I'm trying not to die you
turn out to die and there's like a light
blue ghost but then they turned dark
blue yeah and they all turn the same
color when they glue red orange pink and
then they turn dark blue and they lose
their pupils and think a little Jaggi
mouth want to eat the power pellet and
then in this there's a gray one and if
they're ghosts so are they dead or if
they come back to life are they zombie
ghosts are they hi
they're ghosts monsters I don't know
what that means I don't know how that's
different from a regular old ghost but
they are ghosts monsters so maybe
they're dead monsters copyrights Slimer
hey that would be interesting if they
had a version of this where they where
they were like Slimer and different
ghosts mount busters things and you were
like a Ghostbusters person Jason oh no
Green is too close looking but I'm just
wondering why they went with oh yeah I
guess it would be do what the green is
too close in color to blue I wonder if
like the orange and red like sure some
of these colors are problems for
colorblind people and this one there are
green ones rich just bust and make you
feel good bust didn't make me feel good
they want to know if best of the worst
is usually shot in one day or two one
day went one day one day one day okay
comment on my captain here a couple
times it's been two but his rich is good
with kids as Mike claims in which is
excellent with kids and puppies and dogs
love oh my god my dog like he came to he
came to get me a couple days ago I was
down I was down there and in Chicago
area
and I left the door ajar and and my dog
who's this big hairy people mistaken for
a Newfoundland just this big hairy
collie cross oath he I've never seen him
up on the bed before he's just not
terribly athletic he's a big fat giant
dog but he saw rich and Richard was
sitting on the bed with his head against
the headboard like his back against the
headboard and this dog just lapped up
out of the bed and went crazy he loves
all dogs love rich all little kids love
rich he does a couple couples they do
the cup of coffee thing dumping cup of
coffee he just LLL say that and at
little kids and all the snow could not
be like cut Cup and they're fascinated
yeah he's great with kids and dogs and
cats probably no other well they said is
Mike claims you're good with you know
why they're really asking that right
because they're getting at us having
kids
yeah have kids yeah I think he'd be a
great dad Coenen apps market in strange
Ville that's where did that start County
ok those those were tips from anonymous
and only child and only child and I
don't know if all the anonymous is are
the same Anonymous's but thank you
either way thank you who couldn't love
her it's really seriously rich loved by
all beings for whoever was planting his
guts know whoever was mad about our
Ghostbusters review cows hate him
because he has a chin you know they were
donating this is the night we're just
kid was conceived where am i from I'm
from the Chicago area it's that little
south of Chicago
I've been told that my voice makes me
sound like I'm from Minnesota but I'm
whatever vocal quirks there are they're
they're just mine
there's no Minnesotans in my family that
I know of Karen tell rich max landis has
accepted the invite I'm not sure what
that means
yeah they don't recall specifically the
thing to which you referenced no I mean
I know one who's actually heard
Minnesota thinks that I you know there
may be some Minnesotans out in some
parts of Minnesota that have em in asoto
accents not Aurora specifically but
you're in the right neck of the woods
that's not that ma'am it's not that
close but yeah in the south
Aurora's west but uh but I've met people
from twin twin cities and they don't
sound any different to me like people
from Milwaukee to me don't sound any
different than people from Chicago I
mean a lot of people think people from
Chicago have the Da Bears but no exhaust
like that yeah that's there's like five
people in Chicago that actually talk
like that that's that's a neighborhood
in the south side of the city proper
that long ago changed over to from from
polish you know and Irish people to like
Mexican and African American people so
that accent has been dispersed to the
four winds
don't wait too long
try being from Boston your boss when I
was what a horrible accent I remember it
insult all of our Boston fans and that
is just a horrible horrible accent
I remember watching like my dad was all
and you should be ashamed not not
because of your accent but just because
of Dane Cook yeah Dane Cook sucks but my
my my dad used to watch this old house
all the time when I was a kid and it's
not as pronounced now but norm used to
have a insane insane
Boston accent what I say Wisconsin does
never walk he accident zone
our friend Mort and his wife calina.that
we're getting lunch with oh yeah they
all yeah yeah his wife is from somewhere
out in western Wisconsin and she
definitely has what I would consider an
accent it's not the same as Chicago and
Milwaukee I think maybe Chicago and
Milwaukee have similar accents because
they've got so much of a German
influence and also I mean I think a lot
of Milwaukee ins are transplants from
the Chicago area and probably advice
first so they're just close physically
yeah
my dad loved watching this old house but
I don't think he ever learned anything
from it god bless decided a actually
interesting god bless of my dad is not
the best not the most handiest person I
learned I learned many years ago when
after attempts to get him to put
batteries and things and him going I
don't know I think it's broke and be
looking at the going oh yeah yeah okay
this is not the batteries go in then
Karen oh my dad's not very mechanically
inclined he was a computer programmer
that's his thing I love you but your dad
is like a a less animated block of wood
you know he talks to me he's just he's
shy that's quiet he's a man of few words
few if you engage him he'll talk but he
sees a quiet quiet
burial he'll tell some joke which is so
weird you couldn't never possibly get it
yeah I don't think my father ever
grasped the idea that if you tell a joke
other people are supposed to understand
the joke
they're supposed to be able to follow
the logic and now having lived with him
for good chunks of my life I often can
tell where he got it from like oh it's
something that was on TV ten minutes ago
but yeah yeah I don't know what was on
TV ten minutes ago if I'm watching your
your Facebook post yeah yeah
reading no actually on Facebook he's
gotten a little bit better at not
everything not being a complete non
sequitur he started to grasp the concept
that things are just people are supposed
to be able to follow your train of
thought at some point his facebook
responses are the weirdest things the
kondaveeti are always does blink 12:00
and my parents in fact have multiple
VCRs I've tried to convince my mother
that she should get a DVR and she wants
nothing of it she's got a TV with an
attached VCR and yeah whatever yeah I
don't think my dad understands jokes are
supposed to be funny but he's a nice
kind hearted man means no harm to anyone
what I said in the corner in any social
situation and just
be like wallpaper but that no that's him
he's harmless
my dad is playing confirm my dad's not
playing it
no no because somebody said this is a
good rollercoaster game in it though
yeah I never changed the title deal with
it you know fucking fucking deal with it
cuz I know I don't feel like changing it
right now I'm in the middle what I'm
doing I just got eaten by ghosts maybe
it doesn't read 12 the one downstairs
does I know I guess I guess my my mother
doesn't know how to program or VCR well
enough to record she's into that court
TV stuff you know it was like a pig and
shit when the OJ trial was going on yeah
she was like totally obsessed with the
OJ trial and and in in in the woman who
may be John Dirk in the pool or whatever
and the woman who stabbed her boyfriend
eighty million times and the one who was
trying to escape to Mexico I can't get
follow these people straight but she
likes like I said my father hasn't
killed any prostitutes no I'm pretty
sure he hasn't nor I know I don't know
if he's seen the fan of menace it looks
odd it likes to watch a lot of all ages
films and some it's funny that he's a
big fan of both Pauly and Paul which are
two totally different movies with
continued use of VCRs a Midwestern thing
I think it's say a senior citizen
parents thing yeah I mean they have a
landline and a VCR and what they
understand and they're afraid to adapt
yeah my mother doesn't even get the
internet I've tried to show it's just
some fried woman she could get the
internet yes she really is is not dumb
my father is adapted to the Internet he
likes to go on Facebook you totally get
your brains from your mother
dad's not dumb but yeah I know I'm take
it on your dad a lot i get i get i get
my common sense from my mother surely
love you dad yeah we built one crazy
rollercoaster that looks like pack manic
so this is this is how we be pixel
edited the
annex life we turned it into pack a
playable pac-man do they have one of
those giant console TVs no they finally
got rid of their giant console TV a
while back they're actually like they
like my mother likes to buy technology
if the kind of technology that you can
pull out of the box and turn on like she
likes TV I had to go over to her
mother's house once to do a some TV tech
support I had to hit the input button on
the remote yeah but you know at some
point she upgraded from cassettes to CDs
and she's got a DVD DVD player that she
uses to watch DVDs if not to record with
she's got a nice little tablet that that
I tried to teach her how to use tried to
drag her kicking and screaming she
doesn't want to learn she's afraid of it
yeah although it's not the end of the
world because I'm not sure but I want to
be on Facebook with my mom all the time
cuz like I'll say stuff on Facebook and
then my cousin will comment to it about
it to her and then she's like yeah I'll
put up with something about work or
something like something funny and she's
like are you having problems at work and
it's like no well your cousin said oh
lord help time dad needed to help
because he thought TV was broken it
turned out he didn't turn it on no joke
I've heard about people like you know
just not plugging stuff in basement full
of punch cards yeah my dad was like
punch card era like COBOL and stuff I
have never stolen cable but remember at
her old place yeah when we moved into
our first apartment together cable was
up and running and we never really told
him it wasn't it was we never
volunteered excuse me did you come in
and shut our cable off or can you come
and start charging us but we're pretty
sure it wasn't included the previous
owners had done something and we had it
for like five years
and right now we just don't legitimately
do not have cable it's not that we're
cord cutters exactly because there was
no cord to cut I mean we've got we've
got Netflix we've got Amazon Prime we've
got curiosity stream we've got the free
YouTube you know how much watching stuff
do you need
I guess it's arguably stealing cable but
it's whatever you know it's it's
negligently allowing cable to still be
there somebody else still that we just
didn't give it back yeah that said we're
not big cable heads or anything one way
or the other
I don't someone might have been paying
for as possible the previous owner never
cancelled I have no idea do people under
30 still use cable one if their parents
have it that's an excellent response
right I got I got rich Evans in real
life comedy show 24/7 rich does make me
laugh and I try to make him laugh once
in a while too and we do silly stuff
like we had a piece of bread one time he
bought this piece of bread from the
grocery store because it was
ridiculously misshapen it looked like
handlebars so I picked it up and I
started the singing bicycle built for
two and we were like we were like
skipping around the living room on a
bicycle an imaginary bicycle built for
two stealing steering this piece of
bread like handlebars we like the silly
well our our apartment complex comes
with free internet so yeah and and we
have we both legit yeah yeah it's
legitimately in the lease and and and so
we've got you know broadband internet
and then we've both got cell phones you
know we don't have a landline so it's
you know I mean sometimes yeah it's like
one more piece of a package deal but for
us that's not really true it won't be a
stylish marriage I can't afford the
carriage no it's gonna be a low-key
merge it's gonna be chilled out marriage
I'm doing all that bridezillas stressed
out I mean if that's your thing if you
want the fairytale when by all means go
for it but tomboy I'm not going through
all that goofy dress-up stuff I'm gonna
be me yeah I'll get myself some kind of
cute colorful hippie dress or something
what kind of internet we've got I don't
know lousy I was free
yeah lousy but free that's why I can't
stream from home yeah I'd be doing this
from home right now if I could one says
he hasn't been a relationship for 37
years well if you want to be in a
relationship I hope you're getting one
soon if you are happy being single
supplies last and you know go for it
he's scored cotton
that kind of court relationship
relationship court ball and chain
cutting yeah ball and chain cut am I
your Balaji yeah what kind of chain am i
pink like rose gold I definitely want I
definitely want like a girlie skull on
my ball if I'm you're both the ball is
definitely a skull with a pink bow on it
yeah it has and then the chain is polka
dot
okay polka dot ribbon there we go
yeah that's me hell's brain is going
supposed to be tragic but they could
just reboot him later but would he be
the same hell it's like you know the
argument about whether you'd be the same
you if somebody put you through a
transporter and would anybody else be
able to tell yep hell has to be
consciousness his brain is going it's a
rhythmic well you know so is dementia at
least hell's managed to go fast who
managed to go first hell hell 9000 when
they all you know when he's calling cuz
there did it I know where they're going
with that cuz the Daisy young days went
fast hell was slow I thought it was well
no I mean like his most part of dementia
yeah okay Kel they shut hell down and
you know minutes or hours and you know
humans because of his own mental
deterioration takes it was a process of
minutes while his brain was being shut
right yeah which I'm saying is you know
better than what really happens to lots
of just real humans I mean fortunately
my brains good so far but who knows in
the future
I mean like you say like half of people
over like 85 or something it's hopefully
the you know hopefully they have that
stuff cured by the time on that age
he wasn't exactly the same he wasn't
murders
it was the problem that hell was
murderous was a problem with hell there
was the problem with waves programmed
and conflicts in his programming and
what's going on there's conflicting
orders exactly why did say we're playing
roller coaster tycoon because we were
but it was having technical difficulties
no no by ovals died like eight times and
no 9000 series computer has ever made a
mistake
I remember in like 95 or so they had
like an issue like if on the cover of
like discover or something we're like
hell's Bert hell's birthday like win
hell like they were celebrating when Hal
was born according to the movie yeah
yeah of course computers were nowhere
near there no nowhere and still are
nowhere near Hal although I was thought
it was really cool that arthur c clarke
lived to see 2001 because he was you
know not a kid when he wrote those folks
what are we talking about we're talking
about i think he'll 9000 2000 was
January 97 it was yeah somewhere in the
90s I remember no that was a great run
the only way he logically keep his horse
was to murdered the crew possibly what
are you doing Dave but it's okay cuz
like Dave gets sucked into like Jupiter
or something and and the other guy they
revived him in 3000 won and he gets to
he gets to be in 3,000 won we're like
velociraptors are gardeners and all
kinds of cool shit this fate is you know
question barks no no he comes back in
three thousand one though they fix it
the star baby guy no the guy I'm sorry
babe you got oh yeah he's I'm not sure
exactly what happens with the star baby
overall
Starchild whatever same fucking thing I
don't want to be a fuckin sucked in the
middle at monolith where they've got
like awesome kind of 60 slash Victorian
decor that's 2001 your favorite after
see Clark work I think 2010 was it has
been I read the first two three books
when I was in junior high it has been a
long time did a third one to write when
he you know he did four of them there
was 2001 2010 which were out before I
was around I think
and then 2000 it's 61 or 64 or whatever
it was I I remember reading that I'm not
sure when it came up I read that when I
was in about eighth grade and then three
thousand one came out post shoot maybe
early to mid 90s trying to remember I
think I had jury duty when I was down
there when I bought that at a bookstore
in the loop
2006 you had a jury do you the judge
like did he judges take you to the side
and say you're a really smart no one of
the other people we had a it was a
traffic case and basically it revolved
around a woman who was to to insurance
companies suing each other but but the
problem was that a woman had failed to
keep yielding at the yield sign she
allegedly stopped but she apparently
wasn't stopped when somebody swiped
sideswiped her and she had the sign that
she had to yield and and so we were
arguing about this like the jurors were
arguing about this forever and this one
guy he's like but she got hurt and I'm
thinking well it's terrible she got hurt
but that's kind of got nothing to do
with whether or not she you know it was
at fault well they're not she was at
fault and she's like well they were he
was like well they're both at fault and
so finally I came up with a solution
that worked for everybody the idea that
the judge did something about judging
whether or not this guy was more than
50% at fault so I told that my fellow
juror who's sympathetic to the woman who
was injured who kind of was at fault in
my opinion for the accident and I said
well let's just say for argument's sake
for a minute that they're both equally
at fault can we agree that he isn't more
at fault than she is yeah and so he
agreed with that after we'd already been
sent back to deliberate some more
because we couldn't agree the first time
and and he was willing to agree with
that and so that was what we said and
that was what we could all agree on
mm-hmm that that you know they may both
have played a role in this accident but
that the accident wasn't more the fault
of the guy who hit the woman who failed
to yield yeah and one of the other
jurors that I was well just 24-year old
never met or something I don't know
obviously this was a long time ago I was
flattered I also had a pounding headache
because I got his food and that was when
I was vegetarian and they got me a salad
but I mean we had doughnuts for
breakfast but then like for 10 hours all
I had was literally like lettuce and
tomato it's like all this people all
this stress and people with people
talking loud and no food for 10 hours so
I got out of there and I freaking ate
with some of my wonderful fun
because I think at the time it was like
seven bucks to get there and based more
now from from my suburb to the loop and
then it was like they gave us like 17
dollars and 40 cents a day so it was
like and the other ten bucks I'm at
McDonald's and getting myself some food
because I haven't eaten all day the
judge called the baby in half it's like
a nice raise fifty percent of it that
was what Solomon yep what's our favorite
movie that it's the oldest in this year
of release I know we're both fans the
big fans of The Day the Earth Stood
Still mostly you yeah I'm fond of it
fly the Phoenix is that older than
David's no but I'm more I'm a lot more
fun to fly to the Phoenix than yeah the
original old flight of the Phoenix is
fantastic are you a fan of Arsenic Old
Lace yeah that's fine yeah I don't love
it
we both thought metropolis was fun but I
don't know that it's not favorite never
will be
god damn it
the problem with jury duty isn't when
you end up on a jury the problem with
jury duty is when you sit there all
freakin day and never get picked or like
if you get sequestered on the OJ trial
or something but that's probably worse
of course you get a book deal there I
didn't get a book deal for some well but
it's a fairly neat yes yield sign some
guy failing to look for people failing
to yield at the yield signed enough for
people yielding and then going or
whatever the heck people did what for
one of the Kardashians bowed out a
pedestrian who nobody died in this I
think the woman like hurt her knee or
something no no no bad nobody died this
wasn't that kind of a case Wizard of Oz
and Cosmo which advises certainly fun
but I don't know it's one of my no no I
don't even especially like it honestly I
like watching it with Pink Floyd's Dark
Side of the Moon going people are right
that is an interesting combination but
like his background stuff that's what I
mean I've seen that movie well to be
frank you know I'm one of the radio
stations in Chicago did a really nice
like mix like of the driver
yeah the drive did a mix of like audio
from from The Wizard of Oz and and audio
from from Dark Side of the Moon and it
was fantastic it's like the darkside of
Oz or something
such so cold was not what's his favorite
was that that night that one they had a
night I think so but I could be wrong
they had a show for a while I'm like I
think it was like CD 94.7 which isn't
around anymore where they would every
night they would play it's like a night
show and every night they would play an
album a full album uninterrupted a
different one and I used to record those
off my radio ad
I mean rich and I are from before the
the land of you know streaming like now
I have a I just have Google Play and I
get pretty much everything I want and it
don't have to worry about recording
anything or buying anything and yippee
it's fun but I come from the time before
that
you gotta get the 256 I got the 2
fucking 51 before running out of power
pills you've been playing this the whole
time one game no not this one I've died
many times okay but that particular run
was really close you miss FM stations
weren't well I missed seven stations
that weren't all identical in every
market it's like no matter where you go
now I think when I was a kid I got into
like wood country music but it's like
older country music so I actually liked
it some of the new country I'm not so
crazy about or at least the stuff on the
radio - yeah yeah I mean there's some
good stuff that they don't play on the
radio but can't break my heart my Achy
Breaky Heart
yeah that's like retro now but I used to
drive you nuts but anyway and now it's
like you're Cyrus you think oh it's
daughter but he's Annie Miley's dad but
uh yeah outlaw country yeah Johnny Cash
and and and in in Merlot yes and John
Prine and and and some of the the old
country stuff and lots of things but uh
was I going with this
oh yeah so I got to know we went down
south and we were in like Kentucky and
stuff and it was like Oh country music
and I got into country music for a while
it was like it seemed like it used to be
like and then they had CD 94 they had us
99 and it used to be good but now I'm
not so crazy about it but I guess my
point is that it used to be like you'd
go to different parts of the country and
there was yes Chris great options great
or I like The Grifters the riff ders
excuse me and oh god John John Prine
angel from Montgomery and Lacey
what's-her-face
ooh hide skin Oh and Gillian Welsh you
know Crow Medicine Show with Gillian
Welch doing their cover of the wait but
anyway my point is it seems like it used
to be like different radio stations is a
different personality you know it's like
everyone has a quote unquote alternative
station and everyone has a quote unquote
urban station or you know whatever they
call the rap in the house and whatnot
station and it seems like wherever you
go it's all this Uncle Tupelo definitely
how do you feel about globalization
globalization basically is no I guess
but it's kind of like just David Allan
Coe for sure Alabama although they're
they're you know they're they're a
polished product it's some pretty good
stuff I don't know who Susan Ted is she
is Alabama Sweet Home Alabama you mean
or did I'll have to remember that an
Emmy Lou Harris and because I can't I
can't hear the song Sweet Home Alabama
without no Sweet Home Alabama isn't by
the group Alabama
oh okay Alabama by Leonard Skinner I
don't know shit about music I don't know
you're talking about group you know or
the band's songs Bob Dylan's backing
band
I don't know I'm like modern country
music a lot of us just too happy it's
like boy golly I'm happy because I've
got a truck and a girl and beer flag
yeah and nobody ever has any where he's
except they're running out of beer so
yeah they're any good radio stations in
Milwaukee that I should tune into even
though with like internet radio was
giving me like infinite diversity and
radio courses are annoying stupid
internet radio now that I listen to much
radio I can't really tell you what else
is there to worry about other than beer
everything wrong with moderate country
and three words Red Solo Cup I heard a
somebody did someone the internet but
they took like six country songs and
wove them together and they all work
together which was like frightening like
you could just mix the three together
which is different from Old Country with
it exactly I was drunk the day my mom
got out of prison and I went to pick her
up in the rain but before I could get to
the station in my pickup truck
she got runned over by a damned old
train that kind of stuff a satellite
radio is awesome and it's too expensive
agreed you know mostly these days like
since I've got Amazon Prime and Google
Play I I mostly just kind of go with
their playlists and their stations and
even they get a little repetitive and
and oh and I think what it's called
right now the the internet radio where
you make your own custom stations thing
that shoot Pandora does paid radio go
away before or and are a weird beast and
OH
Pandora do what they're right now go
ahead does paid radio like XM does that
go away before or after Howard Stern
retires don't tease
well I used to have a subscription to XM
Radio and it certainly wasn't for Howard
Stern because I've never been into him
well I imagine most people haven't how
it's Howard Stern
right I mean what do you have eczema for
so what for you you're wondering what
first well we have it for commercial
free radio it's got some great curated
stations with specific genres that you
won't necessarily find on regular radio
it also have a like a some kind of
Pandora thing going on well yes I'm
guessing that that Pandora and excuse me
oh yeah Pandora and and internet radio
in general with everyone having music
coming from their cell phone and their
cell phone plugged into radio probably
has made XM and Sirius not have as much
subscriber base a lot of political
dialogue okay thinking about political
dialogue is it seem it seems like it's
it's all a particular end of the
political spectrum it would be
interesting if there was a greater if it
wasn't all it was right-wing they tried
that how come it didn't catch on I good
question I mean I used to like listening
to Jay Marvin went back when he used to
be all political and crazy
he was only good when he wasn't taking
his meds though yeah yeah the minute he
started taking his meds that show went
on yeah when he mellowed out you know
it's probably better for him as a person
he's probably happier but yeah Marvin
the Martian doubt he's around anymore
well he was older and morbidly obese so
it doesn't necessarily bode well for a
person's longevity but you know who
knows maybe he's still healthy I wish
him well he made me laugh a lot and he
got me into Camus to tell me who the
hokum who is he's a Nigerian French
Algerian writer he wrote oh look this is
the classic that's wrong Jay the
stranger and he wrote
the plague some other stuff died
unfortunately rather young the Trent
Reznor thing what over compress yeah
well there I mean there are there are
technical limitations to satellite radio
button either due for an upgrade I don't
know to be honest I mean like audio
quality to me I got used to I grew up
listening to staticky radio and
listening to cassette tapes I made from
staticky radio I've heard worse
whatever it is I've heard worse
yeah the stranger is a great book so
when the so is the plague I just loved
the descriptions he has I mean it makes
you feel like you're in a hot sunny
country where everybody's too warm to
move and everything's painfully bright
Farrington with one with a guy on the
funeral and yeah it starts out with like
my mother died yeah today or yesterday
or whatever
he gets what convicted of a murderer for
I forgot what reasons were the reasons
were specifically he killed somebody he
did I thought he was innocent I think he
killed somebody
oh yeah sure I'm getting pretty sure he
killed him any any what's executed for
it if memory serves I mean that's it's
about 20 years ago that I read that but
I should read it again I really should
I've got it actually on my Kindle yeah
when we need to get around rereading it
Shh
and when does Kindle gonna update itself
when his Kindle gonna I don't mean to
change topics but yeah he killed an arab
witch and he got the death penalty or
whatever for doing it it was one of the
armed men I wish I could remember but
anyway like I've got my Kindle
paperwhite and it's perfectly nice but
like what does Kindle been doing with
itself lately it's like Amazon will like
release it's like here's the Kindle it's
a little bit better resolution and we're
gonna charge you twice as much here's
the Kindle with a battery cover and
we're gonna charge you eight times as
much and it's like all I really want is
like a bigger screen maybe better
resolution better contrast but really
the resolution the contrasts are fine I
just want a bigger screen that's good
for reading magazines and and some kind
of color that's all I want and now it's
in white who cares maybe a little bit of
a faster processor cuz it can lag a
little when I've got a lot of books and
things on it but that's all I want for
my Kindle we don't want one that cost
three hundred dollars I just want like a
nine inch screen and in a little color
it doesn't even have to be great color
it could be color like my Pebble watch
my readers of The Nine Inch Nails cover
band 9 inch screen 9 inch screen yeah
and I asked actually yeah $300 for the
Oasis no nots actually the book that I'm
in the middle of reading right now I
kind of got into the metal Andrews
asylum series and it's kind of junk and
it the books never end in a way that
it's satisfying but there's another one
called escaped from the asylum and and
that's what I'm reading right now and
I'm sure it's gonna disappoint me like
all the other ones but it's got great
atmosphere
you know the idea of being in this old
spooky it's insane rotting insane asylum
it's kind of nice to read at night but
I'm sure the book will disappoint me why
even bother good atmosphere though this
game No
oh yeah yeah yeah I've enjoyed that I've
enjoyed the the I've enjoyed reading
them I've enjoyed the characters I've
enjoyed the environments but they just
none of them seem to have a satisfactory
resolution and I've come to the
conclusion that Madeleine drew probably
doesn't have anywhere that she's going
with us
she's just winging it
so I play pokemon go you know I was kind
of interested in Pokemon go I have not
read any soul story I haven't read B
Tolstoy yeah write much about polka
model ADHD but uh oh if I read have I
read Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep
I have I liked it okay but anyway
Pokemon go I heard good things about it
but young Jack was saying that they like
basically ruined it and broke it so now
it's like I didn't have time to mess
with it a few weeks ago because I was
tying up loose ends with with the job
that I was leaving and he just
frequently said jack is wrong yeah and
yeah I just and I was moving and I just
didn't have time to deal with it and now
it sounds like it isn't fun anymore so I
don't know I stay away from the last
eleven books if you get eleven books
that are bad after the first nine or ten
I mean why are you hitting your thumb
with a hammer again I mean that's kind
of how I was with the I kind of liked
series of unfortunate events for like
the first four or five of them and then
it's like this is the same thing over
and over and over again enough I think
I've read like the first seven and never
got around to the other six are you
gonna have eight movies if you only have
four books I don't know I think they
took like the first three or four books
and made one of the series of
unfortunate events movie with Jim Carrey
which I kind of liked I liked the sets
the computer-generated weird spooky you
know surrealistic backdrops and things
fuck collector sheep let's talk about
Pokemon right let's psycho battle
Androids dreaming of electric pokemon
are there any other kind of Pokemon yeah
I guess they made cards that's true I'm
no fun tonight because I'm playing
pacman
nope that fucks up my brain god damn it
said complaining the neverending story
doesn't have a satisfying conclusion it
does it's died don't remember what it
was but is she something good happened
with shell core is it satisfying though
even remember how it ends I don't
remember leaving necessary he has to
believe that the book is more than just
a book basically okay he has to get so
enraptured with the story that he
believes it okay
that's just another thing that I haven't
read or thought about too much in like
20 years I just remember the dragon
that's all anybody who remembers that's
all that matters speaking of which I
want to see Pete's dragon why why
original Pete's dragon and it's kind of
friendly dragon don't wait and see what
Rotten Tomatoes about something
you want hold on to this I'm gonna get
up for a minute I just put it on the
floor very I'll be back when I can pause
I can't hold on to that okay we talked
to you talked did you read the caring
out of everyone from Earlham excluding
rich who would you trust a baby sent
your potential child
well maybe Jack just because he's
already got kids and okay they're all
gonna be nerdy afterwards true alright I
can deal with that
how's everyone doing tonight we have it
a good stream
oh that got even turned down here or
that was fucked
I am why I'm fucked gah gah which I
would never eat
I don't trust Klingon chefs and crazy
foods eat things still alive
um yes
tribal leather I can confirm that I can
acknowledge that you went on a date for
you I have made your night officially
congratulations
how was the date somebody went on a date
I hope so I hope this isn't their date
yeah that's what I'm thinkin you're
doing it wrong bad yeah unless their
date when I you wanna listen to this fat
nerd on the Internet
yeah I mean really I mean even Netflix
and chill is better than us why didn't
you call me back yeah is this pixels the
game this is um pac-man 256 I'm just
about done with King Jack okay his
babysitter well I bought some movies
with me like blue velvet and racer head
Oh God
did you like some solve the body whore
okay
we undervalue ourselves do we undervalue
ourselves
I don't think I value myself
appropriately it's good to be practical
it's good to know what you are work
within your limitations like for dietary
purposes I've I've just told Karen you
know what you just make me what to eat
and I'll eat it because I don't trust
myself to follow through I I know my
limitations yeah we're going on a diet
we're both chubby would you say we have
officially begun or not quite yet well
we've we've kind of half begun we've
we've eaten some meals that were
definitely if in the last couple days
but we've also what are we eating
tonight we're gonna make some you know
some grilled chicken and broccoli that's
mine that's a fine meal fruit for
dessert we had some waffles for
breakfast which you know heavily
processed but not terrifically caloric
I'm definitely getting hungry now cuz
I'm talking about waffles no just cuz my
stomachs growling because I haven't
eaten in a while I think wait what about
eight hours ago something like that does
rich even eat vegetables if you put him
in front of him
basically yeah that's why I put care in
charge of my diet it just tends to go
for what's easy yes so you know going to
and cheap and simple and go into
McDonald's is pretty cheap and simple no
waffles are not diet food but waffles
are not the worst thing in the world if
you're getting like the nutrigrain
waffles and you're only in a couple of
them like I said it's heavily processed
but you know it's like 200 calories I
have done a calorie counter mister
glitch and drop 30 pounds I actually I
don't I'm afraid to guess what I am now
but at one point I had lost and I
haven't gained it all back at one point
I lost 55 pounds by started out doing
Weight Watchers and then I just went to
strictly counting calories and I
doing Crossfit for a while and a lot of
rollerblading and I've done it and I can
do it a lot of them blew out your knee
though well I didn't blow out my knee
that's how I just got patellofemoral
syndrome and it's chronic and it's pain
in the ass and on an MRI or an x-ray my
knees look normal but they have been
better in recent years but you know for
the last six years there been times when
I can't sleep because my knee hates me
for no good reason I mean you know there
doesn't appear to be anything especially
wrong with my Anatomy or anything else
but training didn't like maybe a little
bicycling or something the other day
yeah we were going around the bike trail
dumb little lake by the lake and it was
awesome and we went by the Colorado the
museum they aren't at the Art Institute
and Bo Waukee or whatever it calls the
stuff that thing that's kind of ugly
really but it's the closest thing he has
I mean I can I can do quick simple meals
if he's willing to eat them you know
that are that are cheap and easy I mean
I like I'm a big fan of like like egg
whites with tomato sauce a little bit of
low-fat cheese and maybe some sausage
you know not a ton of sausage obviously
but the onion back problems what a
couple but but anyway but anyway I
gained a lot of weight back partly
because I was working really weird hours
and like taking benadryl to sleep which
like gives me like monster munchies
and because of medication possibly but
also like I was basically been working
like almost overnight hours like super
early like getting up at 2:00 3:00 in
the morning hours a night at my last job
and that wasn't helping and not
exercising as much as I should which
also wasn't helping and living with a
woman who my mother is the biggest junk
food junkie in the world I mean she's
always got like six kinds of whatever
and it's like real easy to be like yeah
it's 2:00 in the morning and I just woke
up and I feel like shit and I'm gonna
eat like cookies until I'm full for
breakfast or banana bread or cake or you
know she's got basically everything
pushing around a baby stroller with a
laptop it's supposed to be good exercise
well don't people do that with their
cell phone more or less well then they
walk off a cliff
carrot juice I'm never a big fan of
carrot juice I mean if you like it yay
I like v8 the spicy one I think we're
done at 11 okay
bless you wanna be done no it's fine I
can keep rambling on about random topics
and making people think I'm not sore
another oh you know dress some questions
to me get me more involved
well apparently everyone thinks that we
should smoke weed and eat fruit why am I
not surprised when the Joe does put me
to sleep it doesn't make me insane but
you know I know people have paradoxical
reactions all kinds of things that
Israel will not be the fuch Benadryl max
rich out for a long time I think he just
doesn't metabolize it very well one of
the anonymous is an animai whatever
wants to know if you would go on a date
with her no yeah I think you're talking
to my fiance you know that right
apparently they don't care it's rich
like spicy food rich does not like spicy
food I like spicy food like rich doesn't
like that seem to like the sensation of
heat at all no I've tried to explain to
him that it's like taking a hot bath and
it's like it's not painful it's just
increasingly intense until it is painful
but for him it's like he just doesn't
like it at all
I like the jalapeno popper like mild or
jalapeno poppers I'll have milder ones
but my my tolerance for capsaicin is
much lower than I think most people's I
like all kinds of food I like you know
spicy Asian food and Mexican food a lot
of that has heat and Indian food and can
you tell I'm hungry
well we don't I know
I should be in charge of the stand up
timer if Jack isn't there what's a stand
up timer Jack's got this thing help
stand up every hour he's gotta think of
this clock or this clintus watchers
phone so old I am they want to know how
you like mustard Oh for fuck's sake and
whether or not I've smoked weed I do not
like mustard I do not like on a boat no
I get in a house and I like it at a
train or on a plane or in a boat Lane
many years ago and my misguided youth I
experimented you'd say anything you
don't want to say no what's it better
most people I know definitely not high
right now everyone thinks I am because
my eyes yeah rich has allergies he looks
like he's like smoking all behind or
whatever all the time what Obama said
mole rat cow he had the best response to
that question
I forgot exactly what I was well
remember they had that whole thing with
Bill Clinton yes that I did but I didn't
inhale and it's kind of like okay well
you're lying now because you really did
inhale or you were pretending to inhale
then and you were lying to your friends
then so you know either way you're kind
of a scumbag about it but but Obama's
response to that question was they asked
you know did you smoke pot he said he
said did you inhale did you inhale and
he said that that was the point have I
experiment with mustard I have
experiment with mustard i vez parent
what's sabe and Dijon and that that
stone-ground brown german stuff i love
mustard enriched hates it
Lester does you Oh tropical steamer said
he a streamer says that they're high
enough for the entire chat so they've
got his cover none of us have to worry
about that
all right thank you for for smoking for
us
tropical streamer now we can all remain
sober we appreciate it
should you should perform that as a
service for people who are trying to go
you know sober yeah I'll smoke I'll
smoke the weed for you yeah you had to
provide the weed though well it's like
when when I it'll be the best racket was
like the time that that that radio
preacher came on and I was imitating I
want to say give me all your money and I
will sing for you yeah Oh pom pom oh man
spuma man's friend says that we're so
cute oh is rich experimented with fire
safety clearly not Caron has a religious
background loves mustard has a furry pet
that's not a very religious background
my parents aren't especially religious
I'm not I don't know
medium or something yeah I live and let
live do I love mustard
I do love mustard your Westborough level
of would be it yeah I'm not Westboro I'm
not intolerant of people they're a food
that I hate that rich loves euros cheese
fries yeah cheese fries alright she's
fries will kill me jay-j SJS Smith says
I'll drink all your alcohol and tell you
how great it great it is greatest
sponsor ever that was great oh you're
missing out
euros like people know I'm nothing
against European people I just don't
like the that well I don't want to eat
European people either for that matter
no I don't want to eat two lamb meat
whatever those are although I like lamb
in other contexts
my ancestors come from Europe well yeah
my ancestors come from wherever assorted
euro money yeah I know I want to eat
your own money it's probably like Jeremy
and stuff those rich like Twinkies rich
these are kind of nasty explained to
Karen how to pronounce euros why do you
say a gyro is this euro it's euro
it's like Greek or whatever a lot of
people are morons about that and they
insist that the right even though they
are clearly and demonstrably wrong I
don't really care
Giordano Spieth says opening where do
you live it's overrated Giordano's it's
pretty good pizza I like it better than
rich does yeah ter both eyes Oh where's
the Giordano's opening there's a new uh
what is that marks Eddie's my Mercedes
Matty's it's over in Tinley Park
Illinois just not too far from where I'm
from and they've got good they just
opened up and they've got really good
pizza
do I like Twinkies not really well I'm
done
I like nutty bars and and cosmic
brownies one hold Holland Michigan
I didn't know they were all the way up
there one more good run and then I'm
gonna start reading names slice works
I've never heard of slice works there
there there's a small chain in this
south south end of the Chicago suburbs
called Nana's pizza it's probably more
than one place with that name cuz it's
like grandmother but they've got pizza
by the slice and it's really good fast
food by the slice five five fifty gets
you a little drink that you can refill
until you go mad and
and a big old slice apiece like
comically big yeah and they've like a
quarter of an extra-large pizza and
they're to open 24 hours and they sell
like pretty much everything that you
could possibly put in a deep fryer like
what does that cut from a 22 inch yeah
probably it's a huge old slice of pizza
it's like a quarter or for like another
dollar 50 cents or whatever you can get
deep dish and deep dish is good - yeah
chicago chicago deep dish is good New
York thin pizza is a different animal I
mean and I don't think it really makes
much sense - oh that was is New York
thin like that standard pizza when you
think of pizza is that like the kind of
shit you get a Domino's and Pizza Hut no
New York pizzas thinner than its center
fold it in half like Papa's I've had you
remember Papa's yeah no it's not it's
not quite like that I've had I've had
New York style pizza and it's it's good
but it's it's just a different beast
rich can you do your terrible Italian
accent no it's me Mario I'll fucking
yourself so like we say Italian accent
but I'll bet there's like probably like
a bunch of different Italian accents it
sound different I wonder which one the
generic Italian accent is what part of
Italy that is Italian merciful noise
well this is the old no deep dishes
awesome thin crust is awesome - I think
my favorite thin crust down down in
Chicago areas like beggars
I like their thin crust Chicago dough
company is pretty good too
deep dishes casserole yeah it's a pizza
pie and it does not diet food I want
pizza dough right now I want deep-dish
pizza I'm just hungry I'll be happy with
broccoli chicken or whatever the hell I
just want food the generic Italian
accent comes from Japan thanks Mario
that's probably true buffalo has the
best boots
it might I've had pretty good pizza in
London Ontario actually
the guy that got to do the voice from
Mariano see you tell you
Shelburne yet or she French was he what
eighteen inches actually this has got to
be larger than extra-large the thing
that not a has yeah it's comical it's
really large you get greater that and
it's good it's it's a bit doughy but I
mean you're talking about you know a
meal for five bucks fact it used to be
like 350 or something at one point we
used to go there all the time just
because you know where else can you get
dinner for two for seven dollars
definitely no ranch on Pizza not my
thing
no ranch well the fuck puts ranch on
Pizza people who do it I am NOT one of
them
I don't think it's forty and shit
somewhere between me that is pineapple
or Canadian bacon I like pineapple ah
not Canadian bacon or ham people do some
fucked up shit the pieces why okay so I
rich and I were working at the same
place this one time and the store
manager was was try weird like like a
safety pizza party or some moderate and
and and the guys like where should we
get pizza and and there was like a good
pizza joint beggars like right down the
street yeah beggars was my oxalic maybe
a mile a mile all right and there was an
other place around the corner
yeah which and we're we're in the office
and I was arguing I like one of the good
stuff beggars it's like it's a mile away
but it's really good and I'm stupid
other one the office I she wanted to do
the laziest fucking thing which is the
place around the corner
yeah the place in the same strip
mediocre pizza and the store manager
chimes in with his opinion he says yeah
that's good pizza
you ever had Domino's and it's like you
know we're like you hear that sound like
the record goes like everything was
raised as like yeah because it's like
it's like we didn't know whether to to
feel disdain for him or pity like who
the heck thinks Domino's is the best
pizza in the world
come on now he's the store manager so
you just can't out like call him an
idiot yes I know he's from California
and maybe California isn't as big a
pizza place is and he said it just like
that
yeah we had Domino's yes I've had
Domino's secret one
it's pizza but it's not the best pizza
that's for damn sure
Oh Papa Murphy's was good they're used
to be won by us and it flopped but I
don't think I think everybody was too
lazy to make take and bake speaking of
crackers with condiments monocles is
really good there's none by us but
there's like one in Kankakee you were
good one time we went there every other
time we went it was awful it's like
extra crispy thin crust I like it I hit
it it was good the other times I was
there when I was in Champaign Urbana
with friends yeah yeah anybody ever
tried this little niche place McDonald's
yeah they've got Gracie yes like that
that's exactly always said it was the
most bizarre thing yeah yeah there are
lots of good little Pizza drink local
pizza joint sirs it's it's just
Little Caesars and and Pizza Hut and
Domino's or just they've corporatized
anything that was good about pizza out
of the pizza well there's still plenty
of good places though oh no I know I'm
just saying that that that by and large
the huge huge pizza chains are not the
words
nobody's designed I know this great
little hole-in-the-wall subway artisanal
chicken from Kentucky Fried Chicken but
they taught themselves chaos them afraid
to use the words Fried Chicken in there
like it's suddenly healthy or something
if you call a KFC there's a place that's
it's not bad as fast-food feats at Pizza
goes it's not earth shattering grey
there but it's called toppers in the
Milwaukee area and and you can get all
kinds of ridiculous stupid-ass toppings
on there like macaroni and cheese on
your pizza like huh hamburger huh
they're all right yeah they're not
terrible
they're batteries at 10% there should be
a coordinate somewhere on the floor
actually Nirvana it's also 11 o'clock
that's true there might be our message
do you call it a carload and there's a
stream and get some food this is the
last run soon as I'd die I'd die
frequently run visit they said that we
lied to him that it is in rollercoaster
tycoon 3 we really tried to play roller
coaster tycoon 3 look I got too lazy to
change the damn title I'll admit that
yeah I'll admit that we were having
technical problems from rollercoaster
tycoon 3 I was all psyched to play it
because I have fond memories of wasting
too many hours of my life playing it
can you get a naked woman on your pizza
probably but not from the pizza joint
that's a separate charge that's a
separate charge from a separate provider
krusty krab pizza krusty krab pizza is
the greatest pizza in the world but you
need to eat it underwater in the ocean I
don't know much about the spongebob they
somebody said that honestly the
technical problems during the first half
hour a part of the stream for them oh
well we stream the post stream meal no
no you get naked women on your food at
Pizza slot you won the Internet
no no all right we're done it's been a
pleasure I would read names oh the
tradition right did we get any more subs
no the less I wanted to have a date with
you all right
and we know my answer that I appreciate
the offer I'm flattered but he's taken I
am very taken very welcome leftover
beefcake lab in Zone 19 and memory
anything anything over 20 I think it's a
fucking in front of it right you could
say the next one okay 42 viewers fucking
regional smelting smelter legend all of
us has resupplied for 23 fucking months
in a row they say what they have a
message under 3000 smelter wedge and all
of us says hi Karen oh and hi also rich
whatever whatever leftover beefcake 21
fucking months in a row if prereq
doesn't like suicide squad I'm starting
a petition
kick them off the internet why thank you
that will give us all kinds of publicity
I don't think anybody likes Suicide
Squad I haven't seen it honest I have no
intention it doesn't sound promising
yeah it sounds like like a good idea
committed to death Humberto the cabbage
patch has receptor 19 almost fucking
months in a row they said one month away
from the fucking territory yes indeed
and okto chain 25 fucking months in a
row
toad decimal says we subscribe for nine
months in a row toh decimal says I'm not
saying you owe me child support but it's
been nine months and I just did give
birth to an abomination congratulations
on your new bouncing bubbling
abomination new bubbly bouncing
Antichrist yeah your Rosemary's child
Lord Belmont 17 months in a row 17
months hack frauds Kilroy Mick Trump
peasantry subscribed for two months in a
row hooray let previously recorded live
no it's your two month anniversary
indeed edgar allan Hoopoe just
subscribed rich reads stardust
i like that book has recent grad for 19
months in a row who they're almost in
fucking territory to have you started
reading start us to me I did I think I
did start reading the did the Neil
Gaiman book it's an awesome book her
likes reading to me it's kind of nice
they do I read the entirety of the
Martian to him and I read what was that
one the off to be the wizard at least I
started and I think you finish that one
okay all I'm gonna finished it on my own
after I'm right now I think I'll read a
book aloud
or where do we live off dream sign and
I'm really really if it's over 12 really
reading at all if it's over 12 months
and it's over 28 guests oh now you tell
me
yeah rich Evans is God as three yeah
rich Evans is God is Reece absque Ribe
woohoo reckless twenty two fucking
months in a row kick girl five or V or
kick girls or girl her kick girls girls
has recent
twenty fucking months in a row thanks
for all the content or maybe the content
the content thanks for all the content
no content I'm hardly content stew not a
one is rhesus cribe for fifteen months
in a row spooky Dookie like the name
didn't eat months in a row is that
uncool aid man has recent grad for
twenty two fucking months in a row on
kool-aid man says what happened to Jack
did you kill him yes but we're gonna
zombify and resurrect him and have him
back soon
mister great aces i lmao okay reap I the
magician as Reese absque Ribe for 13
months in a row it guitars Oh 17 months
in a row they say I love pizza who
doesn't it's
have you ever met anyone who doesn't
love you some weirdo out there's gotta
be I hate pizza pizza stocks it's all
that cheese I hate cheese cool for pizza
yeah I only eat sushi and only when it's
got sushi me on it as mike has we
subscribe for 19 months in a row the
best thing about this stream apart from
rich and Karen being awesome was the
lack
of an overlay for the last part I don't
know what that means but you're welcome
the overlay is the thing that Jack puts
on the stream because he weirdo because
he's professional yes oh wait no I hit
the wrong button we're not they're not
down
