Feb 22, 2016
XCOM 2: War of the Chosen
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/59179831
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/59184308
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/59189242
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ixcKkqASBK0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s3HF6sIPGWg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BUU0oVFoQEk
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/701826160834039809

[Part I]
years down the line what if you wanted
that one little bit of preview remember
i retested the audio remember that one
and only time we tested the audio jack
said that one thing and it's of the
utmost important no it's a life or death
matter but I can't remember what he said
oh no my hubris it's like I I just I
just want to listen to my to my old
friends Jack and Jay again if only I had
some sort of recording of them talking
obviously I don't I can't remember what
they sound like or look like there's no
existing video footage of them anywhere
every other bit of recording was wiped
out during the war the great YouTube
fair use wars of 2018 when the people
revolted there were no survivors never
no survive this is a is someone gonna
jam out earlier we have been hit by by
the way I'm commander commander
difficulty commander difficulty
previously recorded has been hit by
exactly 1 billion copyright claims in
the last week really yes
what happened just we just been hitting
no stuff hitting old videos hitting new
videos hitting all sorts of stuff and
here's the weird thing
yeah some of the hits let you know so
like Oh Nintendo claimed the Nintendo
music from Mario Kart 7 right
normal Nintendo is pretty strict about
that standards pretty strict about that
Activision claims the Call of Duty won
the Call of Duty won by the way we get
we got tweeted or someone asked us
recently like what happened to the Call
of Duty stream on YouTube
I can't view it in my country you can't
view that in any country hmm they the
one they claimed it they blocked it from
being viewed anywhere what's the
reasoning because because we use their
copyrighted material I this advert for a
game that's just advertisement oh sure
and I could if I wanted to I could
dispute the claim because we were also
talking over it
like there there is an argument for fair
use yeah pardon I don't really care
about call do that much so I'm not gonna
dispute it because if if I lose the
dispute then we get a strike but here's
the really weird part yeah there have
been claims against some of our video by
people who don't own the copyright yeah
geek and sundry do you know who they are
no idea even though that's Felicia days
website yeah geek and sundry can't claim
copyright on a shovel knight' video did
you dispute that well of course I
disputed that one and you know it was
like oh they won fair use to they don't
own the copyright it would clear up in a
day yeah that must have just been a
mistake on there okay but like it was a
quote mistake as in it's it's their
mistake that they thought you wouldn't
notice well that's this other the really
weird one is this one company has
flagged a couple of our videos and I've
noticed like that they're kind of a
shady looking YouTube channel yeah and
so I what I think they're doing is
flagging a bunch of people's videos in
the hopes that they can get ad revenue
from those people's videos without
people looking into it too much really
not people noticing or being too scared
to dispute it for fear of getting a
strike and everything Wow because
because their name kind of sounded
official but then if you google it it's
it's it's kind of a shady looking
nothing YouTube channel yeah I'm on it
yeah copyright Charles basically is what
I'm thinking YouTube systems fucked up
no not that anyone gives a shit but are
these just able to be viewed just no
they can't be monetized yes or no and
they can't be monetized by us yeah like
always all except for the Felicia Day
one will fuck them yep oh no I was gonna
say the the Call of Duty one no one can
view but but I think I think this is
their tactic is like oh I'll claim
copyright
I'll run ads on it and you know if I do
that to a thousand videos it's like I
have a thousand videos up
we explain the no cam and oh yeah oh
sorry sorry I just I just thought of
that I got into the thing oh so no oh no
game video guys what no game
Oh way it says no game videos guys
where's OB s how we need all temp to get
it well uh oh
tab no good oh did you oh it's on Game
Capture still oh oh wait oh wait I think
I know what I did did you I know I know
because it was that was the thing we
were playing list should still be set
for no Dragons Doug what was the thing
but the last things we was on my laptop
oh you guys all right let's help me
won't want your shit together okay I got
nothing together okay well so you you
heard a lovely story instead of seeing
any gameplay rich copyright roll has
seen which everyone hates anyway
apparently and rich you are playing on a
special difficulty right I'm playing on
commander commander difficult no I know
that special well special to me anyway
it's redemption for me because the last
time my streamed commander was my first
time playing the game and you were
viewing it did not go well you failed
miserably thank you jack it was great
yesterday you got my back it was great
because I I'm still playing on rookie
and getting my ass handed to me what
it's worth I'd beat the shit out of
veteran well there you go and it's easy
to beat the shit out of veterans their
old J they have combat also for anyone
curious today there'll be no face cam no
tip alert and no subscriber alert as I
am in need of more gameplay footage
which is what you're seeing right now so
I'm going to use this game play footage
in the review and so spoiler I like it
we were looking at videos of veterans no
no I was I was loading up my footage
that I was filming as I beat the shit
out of the veterans yesterday I like the
videotape but you know that's for fun
sure sure it's always a good idea to
videotape your your incriminating
actions yes that is that is always true
yeah and before anyone in the chat asks
I have not seen the which lots of people
are bugging me about that because they
all say it looks right up my alley but I
have not seen the witch yet no I hear
good things it looks great it's like
which about disgusting body horror no
but it's like like slow atmospheric Oh
God
Satanist horror film it's it's it is
right up my alley but I have not had a
chance to see it yet I've been editing
all weekend hopefully this week I will
see it sometime I'm hoping this week I
get to see that Deadpool I have not
seemed oh yeah that pull you up it's
been really upsetting I've been really
looking forward to see it and it's right
around the corner it's right on my
brother theater
I just haven't haven't got around to
that all the you know like it's doing
fine without me
that movie's totally clapping because
you didn't see it jack
it is insane how much money that movie
is making it's ridiculous I mean it's
great people like it yeah who would want
to watch an r-rated movie well that's
yeah we I mean we talked about that and
they have a bag episode you know what
cuz I don't say it enough fuck children
children and mothers with a stick up
their ass
you know what you know what's gonna
happen by the time they get to like
Deadpool part three that's one we'll
start to water it down
Deadpool three or four sure you can you
can quote me on this three or four will
be pg-13
I can guarantee it the tide will turn
and they'll go back to that I could see
that look at what happened to the police
academy sequels first ones are and then
they just water it down yeah
and Deadpool is just like police academy
known as the bean cars are gonna be
convinced that our rating is the reason
it's doing well for now but for now part
two will not do as well it'll do good
but it won't do as well and they'll say
well you know it didn't do as strong as
oh this operating gimmick is it might be
the r rating so maybe when we do the
third one will make it pg-13 that we can
open it up to wider audience they'll
completely forgotten everything that we
discovered from the success of the first
movie yep this is exactly what will
happen
I like Stephane I like his pony and knob
his ponytail his white ponytail you keep
Stefan keep that ponytail
don't let Stefan diet rich that's your
that's your goal right now anyone else
can die but not Stefan's find a fucking
song I would have brought him right
there the line of fire now don't you do
it look at his ponytail it's great no no
now Wolverine Wolverine is gonna be
rated R Wolverine should be rated R it
should of course the best thing in any
of those x-men movies is in x-men 2 when
there's that raid on the on the the
mansion yeah and he pulls out those
fucking claws and starts stabbing people
and you're like finally that's that's
Wolverines holster it doesn't need to be
graphic but we need to see him stabbing
more people yep agreed so if the final
because I think the next Wolverine movie
is his horse right yep so go out go out
in a blaze of glory of horrible glory
yes yes yeah Wolverine spawn those
things can be art I don't need a hard-r
Superman no or Captain America that's
fine the way those No
probably do need though speaking of what
is a Superman that's about two and a
half hours
oh yeah have you heard that rich Batman
vs Superman over two and a half hours
long that's too long
I mean most movies are too long but
that's for a Batman vs. Superman movie
no thank you
that's very long yeah and you know come
a lot of complex I'm sure there's gonna
be lots of dramatic have you heard about
that the whole like Warner Brothers are
scared that the movies too smart for
people because it's supposed to deal
with heavier issues we talked about this
a little bit on the last half of the bag
no I haven't I think that's like like
reverse psychology I think that's trying
to spin it like by them they're like
like trying to convince people that
their movies too smart so then people
will look at it in a different light you
know sure cuz that's bullshit I've seen
Zack Snyder movies there's nothing smart
about them they're trying to give the
talking points to their fans already yes
it's like the super PACs with
presidential campaigns where they can't
really talk to each other and so they're
giving the nerd boys like don't you
think it's too smart yeah people anyone
who hates it just doesn't get it
because we know Zack Snyder can handle
la subtlety and esteems like that part
in Man of Steel when Superman goes into
a church mm-hmm and there's a giant
Christ figure right behind his head so
subtle very subtle yeah ya know or like
it isn't it isn't there a part of the
movie when he's in space and he's
literally in the Christ pose like Christ
on the cross I'm trying to remember
because I only saw theater or I believe
I believe it's a shot of him descending
upon the north at something like that I
just remember reason like that yeah he's
on the cross of course
Suttles subtle
good job Ridge you removed that panic
someone just asked winter super hill
superhero films going to die when they
stop making money mm-hmm and that
doesn't look to be happening anytime
soon and and you know they don't have to
die no they don't have to die they also
don't have to be the only thing you know
me I love superhero films this weekend
just for the shit of it I watched Iron
Man 3 again I love mom I love all them
superhero films all the heroes all the
supers all of them I'll watch them all
but in the 1991 Captain America I
especially where else are you gonna get
that that's sweet outrunning Ned Beatty
that whole movie is worth it for that
one moment right I'm glad I watched it
just for that fucking hate rookies I'm
sorry rich you're kind of getting your
ass handed to you again pardon me can
you fuck off I could you can you do that
I absolutely I really need you to fuck
off right now
fucking rookies yeah yeah sorry oh she
deserved it okay from oh oh she's on the
panicked right yeah yeah yeah yeah
soon as super was a good movie I still
have not gotten around to see super oh
you gotta watch super it's so good I'm
not huge on Ellen Page and I'm not huge
and Rainn Wilson Rainn Wilson is great
in it I like Ellen Page in it I remember
Mike didn't like Ellen Page in it yeah
and I can understand if you don't like
her in it I do but it's worth it just
for the story and the the the weird tone
and I think Rainn Wilson is good 'not
too I think he's used appropriately that
was a James Gunn right yeah yeah I
didn't watch another James Gunn movie oh
I saw you tweeted something about
scooby-doo why would you watch that I
mean I watched it just because I was
curious because it was James Gunn but I
immediately regretted it like once it
started the the children are going
through a fairly large scooby-doo phase
okay Helmand and there is a new
scooby-doo cartoon I've heard the new
cartoon is pretty clever because it's
written by like people that grew up on
horror films so there's like references
to like pinhead from the Hellraiser
movies and shit like that which is kind
of interesting
no and it's and the cartoon is fun and
you know they've they've taken away all
sort of subtlety and it's all like
science ghosts aren't real lets science
this out oh really and it's great and
it's it's I mean I always hated the old
cartoon yeah I never liked scooby-doo
and so then they see in the Netflix
there's a real-life scooby-doo we should
watch that nope and we've always been
able to skirt him away from it
oh no until this week I can't even
believe this shit I can't fucking
believe it
yo it's the same guy left just start
over start it again why you only have
one guy left
yeah what happens if you lose this
mission uh you start are you gonna lose
this mission no okay well I might the
way the random number generator has been
treating me sir
did your kids like the Scooby Doo yes oh
they did they do they know that there's
a second one yes they do
oh no thanks Netflix thanks you might
also enjoy Netflix the second one has
scrappy doing it the first one has
scrappy doing it
Oh is he in the first one no does he
turn out to be the villain that's the
first one oh I thought that was the
second one is si that's a clever idea
cuz everybody hates scrappy-doo so it's
like makes gravity do the villain that's
funny
spoiler alert oh Jesus Christ scooby-doo
scooby-doo movie anyone that's watching
this that's genuinely interested in the
scooby-doo movie you deserve to have it
spoiled they loved it they because in
the beginning of the scooby-doo movie
scrappy-doo pees on Daphne oh that's
right that's somebody's fetish by the
way and that's why they kick scrappy-doo
off of the team that's right I'm yeah
yeah and they buy vague memories of
those and then in the middle of the
movie Shaggy and Scooby have a burping
and farting competition of course of
course to see who can burp and fart more
for the kids for the kid and they did
they loved it
they look sa Matthew Lillard is a pretty
great stud shaggy shaggy pretty great
shaggy yeah the the amount of cleavage
was uncomfortable they even make don't
they make Velma hot in it or is that the
second one there's one where all of a
sudden she becomes super hot well I mean
it might be in the second movie you know
she's an attractive lady and then I'll
know but not in like her regular office
she's wearing like like a like a bondage
outfit or something oh I didn't see that
might be the second one I didn't watch
the whole movie there is a point in the
movie where she ditches her orange
turtleneck for a very low-cut orange
t-shirt okay rich everyone's dead Hey oh
I thought my one guy made it no just him
absolutely that's Lindsay weird from
freaks and geeks is Velma oh yeah she's
yeah
there you go have you ever watched
freaks and geeks for a couple it's so
good it's great it's one of the best
shows thanks fine
everything's fine it's it's the Wonder
Years without the schmaltz Elmo is
always hotter than Daphne is what
they're saying Bella is always huh you
know they're there right yeah all right
they're right but you know watching it
with you're watching it with your
children and you see all the boob meat
yeah say you know that's that's one of
those things where like with kids movies
where they attempt to make like it's a
kids movie but there's stuff that adults
will enjoy too but in a movie like that
where the balance is just a little off
just a hair uncomfortable and there and
then there's a scene where Fred and
Daphne's mind get exchanged and so
Fred's mind is in Daphne's body and he
looks down his own shirt okay panic is
Rowan Atkinson in that movie or is it a
second one that's this is the first one
maybe I never saw the second one maybe I
thought I saw the second one I actually
saw the first one I'm okay not having
very strong memories of the movie it's
alright with me
no and Elsa who the comedic actress red
hair
heels uh from wedding crashers the
redhead from wedding cro isla fisher
easel of fisher is in it i have no
memory that she's she's Shaggy's love
interests okay because everyone needs a
love interest you try it oh you give
them all epitaphs I liked his hair Jack
likes you so thanks rich
impressive capable of generating mince
pie your completely harmless
isla is pronounced isle er I don't
believe you okay I just got more coffee
going crazy tonight with the coffee to
it I don't even give a fuck do it do it
when is scooby-doo going to die when it
stops making money just like any
anything just like any just like
superhero movies it's just I'm kind of
amazed by how long live that franchise
head is considering how and there's
nothing to it it's on it's so unsexy
it's not like there's some powers and
they they fight the evil army of destroy
a corpse flower out the cou cows anyone
remember when they did the updated
Looney Tunes where they were like
superheroes does anyone write stream
maybe 10 years ago yeah what over like a
wet fart what was that called so what
did the channel what was that called
when they tried to make superhero Looney
Tunes unleashed is that it it sounds
familiar Looney Tunes unleash unleashed
lose they were so restrained before or
or lunatics is that it like how the
coyote kept trying to eat that bird
alive Oh actually it was both of them it
was called loonatics unleashed someone
related to looney tunes just died I
think the voice of Daffy Duck just died
oh and there was a new bugs as everyone
was I fix some bugs I thought well Mel
blanks been gone for a while yeah he's
been dead for a long time I thought it
was Daffy maybe he doesn't both boys
could be I don't know we talked about
who else has died everybody more people
died this week everybody's dying done
this week today or maybe it was
yesterday but it was announced today the
cinematographer for the original Indiana
Jones movies died but he was like a
hundred and three he was old as fuck
he was old when his crystal school came
out yeah well he didn't do that because
he was so old he's too old yes I was a
cinematographer say I'm too old yeah
can't do that one no his last movie was
Last Crusade which is a nice way to go
out yeah but yeah he just died George
Gaines died who was coming up with
starred in the police academy movie is
oh he was on Punky Brewster
of course he's one of those ones he said
what I'm shocked wasn't dead a while ago
yeah when I saw that he died I was like
oh okay Oh finally he was pretty old too
I thought he had already done that
finally not because that's a horrible
thing oh it's about it's an essay about
an innocent person yeah George Gaines
should we play the who's next game no
God no I'm gonna I'm next high profile
death Stanley oh and that's pretty
likely Harper Lee Oh Harper Lee just
died oh yeah yeah Andres umlauts key the
director of that movie I'm obsessed with
possession oh he just died he was all
cancer yeah yeah he had a movie it was
announced like this is like the David
Bowie thing all over again
he had a movie that I think it just got
picked up for us release like the day
before he died he hadn't made a movie in
like 15 years or something huh they had
this movie that he's finished and just
got picked up for distribution and then
he died the next day I've the only movie
I've ever seen by him is possession it's
the only he's like a Polish filmmaker
it's the only one that's in English
that's not why it's the only one I
haven't seen but it's the only one I've
seen and it's the best movie ever so oh
so he just died is there is there a
point where you shouldn't feel bad when
someone dies ah well I mean you feel
worse when it's someone you have some
sort of an artist that you feel some
sort of a connection with the guy I like
I don't feel bad that George Gaines died
I like the police academy movies I
didn't feel anything other than oh
that's unfortunate
yes remember uh George Steinbrenner yeah
owner of the Yankees and I remember when
he died there's like it's like was 97
years old he's you're talking old yeah I
was thinking to myself how can anyone
feel bad about him dying not not because
he's a horrible person not be
you don't like the Yankees just saying
as far as a human life can go oh sure
men man had everything he could ever
want he had money he had the most
successful baseball team of all time
because it was and he died in his
nineties oh yeah at some point you have
to say well you really could have dirty
better that's all yeah he's good I think
that's how I'll feel understand lead oh
yeah he's in his 90s yes he should
happen anytime now like he's had a good
run mmm he hasn't legacy he's left
behind a lot of great things then on
that was my next point is Stanley in
that category yeah yeah I think he is
you know it's the the only problem is
reportedly Stanley is just the nicest
guy yeah and so just not having him here
oh sure
is that oh yeah I mean there's that
element to George Steinbrenner I'm
pretty sure he was a prick I certainly
wouldn't say I want Stanley to die
that's exactly what you're saying
there's just some human lives where you
just look retrospective there's nothing
they would have done differently yeah oh
yeah yeah he's still active though
that's also different like the guy the
cinematographer for Indiana Jones like
he hasn't done anything
he retired in 1989 you know and not let
me die did 103 years old it's different
when it's someone like Stan Lee that is
like continually out there and working
on things it's a cow man like they're
still active and then they pass away I
think that's better actually than just
like like fading into obscurity and
you're the last 20 years of your life
although did you there was there was
probably one of the most painful
articles I've ever read the other week
Stan Lee's eyes are going oh yeah and he
that's no longer able to read what's
that that's gut-wrenching you can afford
to have a speedy interpretation reading
is this man's life you know
so that was that was a hard one too it's
it's hard getting it it's always
unfortunate too and it's someone that it
feels like they're still relatively
young like Wes Craven that one got to me
because he was he's in his 70s which is
that old and he has fucking brain cancer
or David Bowie everyone everyone did
zero Lawsky the director possession he
had cancer everyone's dying of cancer
right now just all of a sudden thought
cancer would kill people's it's mean
it's a lot of cancer deaths right in a
row and it's unfortunate some people
that where it feels like they're still
doing things you know that's that's know
and you know like Stanley he's not too
much in the creating side anymore you
know he's yours
but he's still such a public figure much
no he still is he's still making shit
it's terrible oh really oh yeah I don't
I didn't I thought he was just like a
poster boy yes stuff like for the sci-fi
channel all the time like hell he'll
like have shows that his company
produces last thing I remember him doing
was stripper Ella oh yeah that cartoon
yeah yep I forgot about that
there's stuff he does there they're
gonna be like shitty CGI Stanley cameos
after he's gone that's the question oh
no that would be unfortunate that is
without spoilers since Jackie you
haven't seen Deadpool but if God forbid
if Stanley dies tomorrow
his last cameo in a Marvel movie is that
is Deadpool mmm it'd be pretty great
okay I and is because it's very
different
I'd assumed he was in it is yeah well
that goes without saying
is there a Marvel movie that he isn't in
is he in Iron Man 3 I don't remember
seeing daredevil he's in Iron Man 3 the
whole movie he's six count but that was
before that was like a thing though it
was Iron Man that started like Stan Lee
does a cameo in every oh no no he was in
the spider-man oh that's right he was no
cab so I guess that kind of started it
so I'm gonna say oh yeah I'm gonna say
yes he said I think he I believe he's in
every single Marvel everything okay
blade I bet he's in boy hold on I I have
I know he's in all like the Disney
Marvel ones that's kind of what I'm
think
no he's in although the the Deadpool
movie isn't a Disney Marvel that's uh I
think Fox yeah he's in that so I don't
know looking him up he's probably in all
of the Disney ones since Disney had that
that's what I think of when I think of
it he's an old though looking it up
there's a little picture right here he
has frequently he has like drawn in
cameos in the comic books oh really
constantly yeah okay just background guy
looks like Stan let's see that you can
continue after he goes away I don't want
to see CG Stanley I don't think they
would do that that probably that seems
disrespectful
they don't care yes nobody he is in the
commercial with with Marilyn Monroe and
William Dafoe Willem Dafoe William Dafoe
Willem Willem is really people call him
William it's Willem I had no idea I have
not seen this commercial I actually had
no idea yeah Willem Dafoe no it's
because everybody mispronounces it it's
doing that the the dress being blown up
singing him Dafoe dressed like Marilyn
Monroe complaining and then I forget
what it is
so it's Willem Dafoe and drag yes that's
the most terrifying thing I've ever
heard of but the point is they do said
they sell they give the product to
William Willem Dafoe okay and then it
suddenly it's Marilyn Monroe and she's
all sweet okay I have not that sounds
like the right boy default was supposed
to be like Marilyn Monroe only cranky
okay until she got the thing that
commercial was for which which says it's
a bad commercial because I have no
recollection was new commercial or
recent something I think I saw on
YouTube I don't watch right of the TV
anymore I guess never seamless what a
very strange thing Stan Lee is in half
like their double okay believe it or not
I haven't seen that movie since theater
I haven't felt any urge to revisit it
young daredevil stops him from walking
into the street while reading a
newspaper you know what I do remember
that now that you mention it okay there
you go he's in all all right he's the
the only one that's slightly
questionable is in the new daredevil TV
series he there is a picture of him in a
police station now
doesn't count and count there's a is he
on Jessica Jones he is not run maybe it
was on Jessica Joe hold on
I was just on here oh maybe he's not on
Jessica Jones you know I tried watching
the first episode of that Jessica Jones
yeah and I couldn't follow what the fuck
was happening and I gave up like ten
minutes in I gave it like immediately
I'm gonna go back and like I need to pay
attention to it I think I just wasn't in
the right mindset but it I was like what
is this I don't get it immediately click
and I shut it off so I'll come I'll go
I'll get back to it eventually but it
ends really strong okay I've heard it's
great so I do want to watch it but is I
think I just wasn't in the headspace to
watch it when I started I could say that
what is this wait a good a girl wearing
jeans I'm out hello Otto's jeans look
terrible those jeans look terrible
maybe she maybe he's not in Jessica
Jones I don't see one for Jessica Jones
but this could be an old list that I'm
looking at no Kim no tips tonight
that's true no km note to if you tip we
will still say something like like for
example the off switch
gave us the tips that says they didn't
water down police academy a Robocop they
diluted it with cold piss okay this is
what this is what the off switch is
saying I I would definitely say that was
with Robocop 3 well that movie is so
fucking lame there you go
I still haven't seen it you're fine
without seeing it was Robocop 3 the one
with the the Japanese cyborgs yeah which
ok you say that there's like ninja
cyborgs
Robocop with a jetpack yep how do you
make that so boring it's not it's
awesome I don't know I don't know it's
boring as shit that movies terrible it
sounds like it would be awesome when you
say those things out loud but the movie
itself has done the lamp post in one
swing goes off couldn't done the lean
movie
there you go I've been catching up
speaking of Marvel everything on agent
Carter did you have your say it's cute
it's good I like it
it's it's all like it's it's all like
like Mike's character from space cop you
know everybody kind of talks like this
right now like happened it was it he did
that air on TV or was it like a web show
TV what what network was it on ABC
it wasn't even but it's not it's it's
just a it's miniseries it's not like a
like a show okay it's a show but oh my
god my show but not a show it's like a
show but not a show it's a miniseries
it's not a regular it's too so far it's
too miniseries okay it's got that lady
it's got that lady what's her name
Jessica Jones
that's who plays what's her face the
lady that plays what's her face
agent Carter Carter I don't know what
her name is um
I can't think of her name either she's
not an episode of black mirror she's not
one of the best episodes of black mirror
no she's good yeah I like her I like her
um but one small ball says speaking of
dead celebrities are there any who you
won't care if they die if they died yes
most of them pretty much 99% of them and
how long will Steven Seagal last he's
looking a bit chunky Beast
oh who gives a shit hey he's one I will
have no emotional response to when he
passes away
I was about to say the exact same thing
they don't actively root for anyone's
death but there are many that just won't
affect me yeah Steven Scott Steven
Seagal might affect me even a little bit
cuz I've seen it enough of his movies
where it's like okay maybe even a little
bit he'll affect me but so many
celebrities a lot and poke Alex in the
eye and a car caught on fire yeah well
Epoque Alex in the eye I'm not going to
read that or maybe wait oh sorry that
was the wrong one that was wrong
poke Alex in the eye says am I crazy or
did rlm move Studios none of the doors
look the same none of the doors look the
same Jay I'm sorry that the doors look
different to you also did you notice
that the couches are red now why isn't
everything exactly the same all the time
what you do with the couches it's you're
sitting on one right now
oh my god it's fucking conspiracy fuck's
sake
I saw someone a little bit earlier in
the chat mentioned as we're talking
about celebrities we won't feel anything
for they've said what about George Lucas
that's a very mixed emotions kind of
thing so Farrah Mixon I'm not a huge
Star Wars fan so I won't give a shit but
you can't deny his importance sure in
the world of pop filmmaking sure not
even just popular filmmaking but like
thx 1-1 3-8 I think is a fantastic movie
I mean and I I will truly and absolutely
mourn his death he's I don't know if I'm
more knit I don't I don't know even
people that I'll be sad when they die I
don't know if mourn is the right word
but you would not have your current job
oh sure
that's not something time without George
no no no no but no no no not even like
the Star Wars stuff yeah
George Lucas you just mean as far as
filmmaking and imagination no no no what
do you talk about I guess I should stop
interrupting explain thank you sorry
I've been drinking a lot of coffee
George Lucas was an incredible driving
force
behind digital editing that's true we
would not have final cut we would not
have premiere we would not have the
things that we use every single day
without George Lucas we I mean we might
have them in some other fashion he
pushed he was a pioneer and he pushed
that stuff forward now he used his own
money to do it
Star Wars whatever the Sowers is pretty
important to Star Wars whatever the the
the things that man did with technology
is an important part of my everyday life
yeah that's true
and just one of the most fascinating
people that's ever existed in the world
of art and filmmaking that's true he's
such an anomaly and we will never
understand him there's so many things so
many questions that will never get
answered when he dies mm-hmm he's an
enigma yes he's an enigma wrapped in
flannel that's good
telegin what we're just on people dying
today
this is this is where the conversation
is do you think Trump will die in his
presidency oh God
I mean if he makes it no but he won't
make it doesn't here's the thing if he
makes presidency we're all going to die
incredibly accurate
yeah incredibly accurate and Jay where
do you see yourself in the next 100
years
dead there you go that's probably
accurate
but based off of current average life
expectancies yeah that's dead in a pine
box in an urn oh I don't get annoying
somewhere blowing in the wind I want to
go out I think this was a George Carlin
bed I want someone to put me into a
cannon and shoot me right into a brick
wall fuck this game just see what
happens yeah I don't care what they do
with my body when I'm dead I could not
care less honestly you'll be dead come
completely fuck this game you're playing
on a very hard difficult I've played on
this difficulty before it has not gone
this disaster I'm very sorry rich I'm
very very sorry purple space bazooka
says hey guys great to hear all three of
you together again if possible can you
guys say something encouraging I'm
having a rough time job hunting and I
got rejected again today you'll be so
much happier once you have a miserable
job that makes you want to die as close
as you'll get there gene from Ridge you
know what you can do it I believe you
keep your head up perseverance and that
sort of takes there you go keep moving
forward mm-hm
here's words of wisdom from the John
Cusack film better off dead
go that go forward really fast if
something gets in your way turn so there
you go that's incredible day that's
incredible
nailed it yeah
I also like the part in that movie when
the cheeseburger starts dancing that's
an okay part that's have you ever seen
that movie better up done
I did I had nightmares who wasn't that
the French foreign exchange surgeon was
like living with Oh Ricky Ricky Ricky
Ricky
Schmidt Smits something like that oh and
you know like I saw that right around
like you know teenage sex drive time and
you're just thinking of all the things
he was doing it's like the grossest
weird my favorite part of that whole
movie and I I mean I've been watching
that movie since high school every few
years already watch it oh sure you watch
it with people cause it's a comedy
whatever yeah there's a part that always
makes me laugh super hard and I've never
watched it with anyone that that laughs
at it it's during the the dance there's
the school dancing you know of course
and featuring the titular song featuring
the titular song sung by Dottie from
pee-wee's big adventure but there's a
part when John Cusack and the French
girl are outside talking and Ricky he's
been out looking for her and he runs up
to him he has a balloon and he
accidentally loses the balloon and for a
second he turns around and he does this
half-assed leap towards it and then he
just goes back to going back towards the
junky second the French girl oh no that
happens in the background yeah it's just
the tiny little Vova this it's like the
most hilarious part of the whole movie
and nobody ever laughs at it oh it's
such a half-assed attempt to rescue his
little balloon what a great little
absurd movie yeah it is that kind of
comedy should not exist in that like
space of the late 80s yeah that because
I was all like the John Hughes movies
and yeah it was a weird movie very weird
I know you neither have you been paying
attention to anything that's been going
on now all that bullshit yeah all of
that bullshit flawless
three rookies and a support a specialist
flawless congratulations congratulations
rich Evans flawless victory I just got
done with a month and and the
administrator told me that my efforts
have been we see this month the council
feels like your efforts have been
mediocre and I was like oh don't
it's stunk no and this better off dead
also the I always get them confused the
unofficial was crazy I was one crazy
summer with yes anymore and John Cusack
right yes very similar tone and style of
humor and it also stars John Cusack but
he's not the same character right it's
not as good mmm
it's the one I watched I don't think I
saw one crazy summer tillers a little
bit older but I saw are no better off
debt I didn't see till I was older
mm-hmm I saw one crazy summer a lot when
I was really little it was on cable all
the time so that was the one I was more
familiar with for the longest time yes I
saw better off dad and I was like this
is the better version of one crazy
summer oh actually a one small-ball
sorry I missed this before said when I
die I want George Lucas to lower me into
my grave so he can let me down one more
time it's a bastardization of another
joke I approve kind of order so now you
got a specialist he got Thor derp I have
a shot better I refused to call them
Thor disorder authorities fucking
useless and I knew it was gonna be
fucking useless when they revealed this
board has it has Authority have no place
in X come and and the gameplay has has
proven that out no you know we're
fucking useless you get you get the you
get Jack shit you get the sword is more
powerful and then you get the movement
after you shut those more powerful no
but one of your upgrades makes the sword
more powerful the shotgun on the whole
is still more powerful and and it's it's
not as okay just okay rushing forward to
the sword and then like three more
groups of enemies suddenly notice you
it's worthless
it's fucking worthless I mean you might
be right
bill hecka says better off dead is an
underrated classic so here's two dollars
that for the newspaper deliverable how
about by two dollars I feel like that
movies kind of forgotten no one really
talks about it anymore
cousin waves I guess we'll bring it back
we'll bring the wave back now let's use
our indoor voice Rick Perry you're new
to our stream rich has no indoor voice
look it's my only it's my only
marketable skill that's true this is
really true I don't know if I would call
it marketable or a skill low also true I
think it's it's just a thing that it
that is that's the way it is
see I think and you know to talk about
the Ford a little bit more the the Thor
does not use a moment and so I I like to
save Oh what about one of the gun mods
lets you have a couple free reloads sure
oh hey without anything you can get your
Ranger in there clean up a guy and then
and then alright I was having I actually
before I came here last night hmm
III had a rage deletion of an iron man
safe oh yeah it was a rage deletion I'll
admit it okay because Ranger my favorite
class I had a range it was just kicking
all kinds of ass and I ran into a
situation I liked one debt that whole
fucking game
I'm commander difficulty okay and there
was a mission where I have one one dude
left and I had a torrid but they're not
that big a deal and everyone else had
already used the reactions except for my
ranger I couldn't get in a line of sight
without dashing so in order to take the
guy out
say now 91% chance I'll use my sword
because I'm looking at the flashing bar
how much life will take off it'll kill
him
right over there slice um oh he's got
one good health left next turn he he
blows away my my favorite soldier dead
because because third a gun Floyd's a
badass sword I didn't want to do it I
wanted to shoot him in the face but I
could not get a line aside otherwise and
I actually raged deleted the game I had
I had a fuckload of Engineers all my
other soldiers were leveling up nicely
even alright you know what the the
character portion you can get like old
characters back and deaf characters I
had Bradford was one of my soldiers was
kind of neat they didn't care I was like
a fuck you game on the iron man save
fuck Thorne rich does not like that my
XCOM damnit not in my ex Cobb I'd like
I'd like four fucking engineers it was
like month to over three I'm bear I'm
very sorry and the force myself to stop
drinking coffee you could stop drinking
coffee I think you left the room cuz I
was talking about Thord the next come
doesn't doesn't help
how dare you talk about the games are
played on the video game stream
if I realize the tactical advantage of
gunslingers yeah I had just avoid the
snipers entirely I would rather have
more grenadiers and Rangers even the
specialist I think is is better than the
Sharpshooter and XCOM oh yeah I've never
seen any reason to play around with that
side of the tree yeah I like my snipers
hey you know why because they can stay
far enough away where I can get maybe
two shots on an enemy before they killed
snipers in this game have relatively bad
aim and not Mossberg yeah I've had so
many snipers miss and what is yes I in a
sniper yeah I want to see like 90
percent to hit shots not 70 that's too
many misses sure boss they're not doing
enough damage to kill things they're not
doing the two other things I need a
sniper to do they're not doing either I
don't use them I'm sorry I'm very
opinionated when it comes to XCOM as you
should be as you should be did you have
you crossed the thousand hour mark yet
and XCOM one no biggest at this one oh
that's right yeah you were at like 93 or
something 990 guys yeah crosses just to
say he did it's been you know I've been
building up over years I'll get there
sooner or later was that a rush
Lord Belmont no Jay has not seen the
witch yet I have not see update for
anyone that wasn't here on the stream
started I have not seen the witch yet I
really want to it looks fantastic it
looks right up my alley I haven't had
time yet
it'd be like it wouldn't because you do
every hour you stand up yes right I do
want to do so maybe every hour I'll
remind people I haven't seen the witch
when did we start has it been an hour I
don't know hold on
central
we have Tao we have ten more minutes
okay we have ten I had a schedule for
the watch time to stand up in another
hour I'll remind you okay I'm not CJ has
already stand it up yes to take a drink
of water so he doesn't have to but in
about 10:00 now I'm going to set my
timer I forgot to set my timer for 10
minutes to talk about britches fantastic
performance in space cough no jokes
mr. Evans acting job ever I'm not I'm
not sure what sarcasm fine job I saw a
review the other day I was the worst
thing about the movie there are reviews
of it now a couple oh that's good no
there can't be reviews because we made
it bad on purpose so as a way to deflect
criticism oh and that's worked out
really well because nobody has expressed
any opinion on the movie as a result of
that what do you would you like that was
really smart
would you like to dress the making a bad
movie on purpose coming um I mean I
don't you know here's the thing people
are entitled to their opinions the
movies out there yeah I'm not going to
actively defend it or deflect criticism
or anything because everyone's up you
know inside of their opinion it's very
you wanted to make a funny movie some
people think it's funny and that was the
goal if you don't like it I'm sorry it's
just the movie we made we did not
attempt to make a bad movie on purpose
that's the only thing that has been
confusing to me is that criticism mm-hmm
it's like we just have kind of a
tongue-in-cheek sense of humor about the
fact that we have no budget but it's not
like we're not having the boom fall into
frame and shit yeah I like what I think
of making a bad movie on purpose I think
of that yes you know we just this our
sense of humor it's this it's the same
sense of humor we've always had which is
why it's weird to me that some people
would single it out with space cop I
think it's I think it's a matter of
definition you're gonna call it a bad
movie or a low-budget movie right and
we're not making a low-budget movie on
purpose because we have a low budget
right right I think I think no one you
know what I think it's part of the fault
of those comments right it's all Jimmy :
didn't to get a job people see that
opening and they said the CGI work they
didn't know this is supposed to be a
quality Hollywood film yeah maybe it's
like no we just got lucky with these two
guys I'm sorry but that makes it funnier
to me when you cut from that to a little
toy car in front of green if you want to
classify that as bad on purpose I guess
to me it's just funny so I don't know I
mean I'm not like bitter you know a lot
of people like the movie some people
don't like it that's what happens when
you release a movie here's here's how
you know the names if we're doing if we
were doing bad on purpose oh you would
know you would see the boom mic and like
exactly exactly that's the reason like
god I always compare like as I always
taught bring up sharknado that to me is
like the height of cynicism that movie
yeah cuz that's like cuz it's made by
the asylum which is a company that is on
record as saying the goal of their
movies is to trick people like they
release those those blockbuster knockoff
movies the mach busters mm-hm
that's their goal and so they make these
like sharknado movies where they're
meant to appeal to people that like
something like Birdemic so it's like
they're making they're artificially
manufacturing a bad movie which i think
is horrible
which is why i don't have any interest
in those sharknado movies I've seen a
bit of the first one and it's like okay
I get it you can't replicate that you
know like a bad movie has to be genuine
so you know I mean we weren't trying to
do that we were just trying to make
something that we thought was funny and
I'm happy with all the movie came out so
so there's that well I think it's good
thank you jack I haven't bias
you have no bias whatsoever it's weird
for me because I'm always uncomfortable
watching myself on a camera yeah and I'm
like in almost every fucking senior
space cop yeah frenzy was different cuz
I was basically a glorified
Kamio there was a cameo you're the
villain yeah but you aren't the Odyssey
right yeah space cop it's like all me be
me and I'm just so self-conscious oh
sure I can understand that I like you in
the movie mm-hmm I think it works yeah I
can't even go back and watch our like
old like high school yeah okay oh god
I'm watching myself oh gutter stars says
hiya sorry if this has been asked
recently but I was wondering if Karen
would be returning to the stream
sometimes rather enjoy her presence
thanks for your time probably I can't
see why not it'll be probably sporadic
like it's been dangle mochi b85 would
like to tip and say would people
complain as much about XCOM to timers if
modding wasn't available would they also
mod blood-borne to allow game saves any
time if possible I want to say something
about the ex complainant oh sorry go
ahead ex-con timer yep right now know
that that second stream we had you know
is kind of complaining oh just a few
more turns a few more turns but I you
know people were telling me about the
monster no but I I want to get it out
see what the developers had in mind
yeah at this point I I think they were
timed perfectly no I I'm kind of amazed
they'd balance it I've failed very few
missions because of the timer mm-hmm
it's it's forced me to take risks which
is I sure is what they wanted and I
almost always make it with aid Turner to
despair at least frequently more so your
message to people who say that they try
a broken is get good get gored or maybe
maybe turn the mod off just for a bit
and see how you feel about it after some
hours playing with the timer
I like the timer like he said it forces
you to panic it forces you to try things
you normally wouldn't oh I got a - I got
a - I'm gonna run out of time I got a -
what was the last part of that would
they also mod blood-borne to allow game
saves any time if possible some people
don't appreciate a challenge
I agree mokey
saving any time you want she's something
I'm like that's something I like this is
it's part of the game also can I just
say how I love your Quasimoto ass
grenadier grinning oh I got the big gun
I'm ready I got the big gun Grenadier by
the way J it's not Grenadier
oh that's good cuz I was getting that
horribly confused for the longest time
this word that I just learned I was
calling them grenadiers cuz like they'd
be like a like a person that grenades
people right with a grenade but
apparently the proper way to say that is
Grenadier okay like penis uh spy net
three one five hey guys I'm a huge fan
would you please consider watching the
1993 movie Robot Wars on best of the
worst
now it's boring there's your answer
that's your answer I've seen it it's no
robot jocks it's a semi official sequel
because it's made by the Charles Bay on
the same company or same producer uh-huh
but it's really boring
no well there you go the only good thing
about it is that Barbara Crampton is in
it 80s 80s Queen Barbara Crampton who I
love but I decide from that it's boring
you know we were complaining about robot
jocks there's like a big fight at the
beginning there's not another one till
the end yeah it's like even more sparse
the robot stuff because it's a lower
budget movies so they couldn't do much
with the robots in it
so there wasn't even like a dramatic
climbing to the ceiling scene no no that
was very memorable the jungle gym of
death of the jungle Lord Belmont says
when you see the witch Jay yes it's
probably best if there isn't a big
audience all right you know I've heard
some people are reacting and this
doesn't surprise me because this
happened with like babadook can happen
with it follows like slow more subtle
horror movies people say are boring now
because they're I guess because they're
used to like
but like found-footage crap like that
type of stuff or I've heard some people
laugh which is interesting to me because
it's like you could say that same thing
about something like The Shining like
depending on the audience you're seen
with or the mood they're in like The
Shining can be pretty fucking funny it's
a terrifying movie but sure you can look
at it from the minds different mindset
and it's funny sure and there should be
that that thin line I loved Exorcist 3
there's parts in Exorcist 3 that I know
people would laugh at mm okay so I've
heard that about the witch I've heard
people say that some people find it
funny oh and I'm surprised Time Lord
Belmont that's the word but want them
jump-scares from what I understand the
witch is not a jump-scare movie by any
means well I mean it just sucks when you
are ready when you're not in the same
mood as the rest of the audience yeah
yeah even if like what's what comedy did
I see oh like way way back in the day my
brother and I went to go see Ted movie
that I still think is very funny and
like I was just in the right mood that
movie caught all my funny bones chair
just rubbed the funny bone up and down
back and forth that it worked the funny
bone I get it again you get it yes okay
good but the the rest of the audience
just was not there they were not really
ready to laugh and I enjoyed myself up
there we go see I'm usually on the
opposite end it's usually I'm the one
not laughing because I there's a lot of
comedies that just do not make me laugh
oh yes rich is playing and for anyone
who has been sitting this entire stream
my timer just went off
stand up it's been an hour like me I've
been sitting I got up like 10 minutes
ago so I'm good but I will just just so
I stay on a regimented schedule that
sticks with Jack standing up
a reminder to people just showing up I
have not seen the witch yet I repeat I
have not seen the witch yet okay I have
been editing all weekend so hopefully
this week I will see it and as far as if
we'll do a half in the bag on it it's
unlikely because I think it's gonna be
one of those movies that falls through
the cracks we just put out an episode we
actually have another one ready to go so
it would be several weeks a couple weeks
anyway before we would even get a chance
to then by that point it might be too
old so maybe in like an update video
maybe your end yes I saw this year
whenever one of our ketchup episodes
maybe we'll see a baby and I always
catch shit for it I'm sorry I don't care
about Blade Runner
what would stylistically that's things
just a boring movie visually it's a
fantastic movie and I want to love it I
love so many elements of it but I just
do not care about anything that's
happening in it ever
I keep trying I try to like that movie
no it's fair sometimes you're just not
even though if something can be
technically good you're just not into it
yeah and that's okay that one that one
bothers me that I don't like it though
like it actively bothers me because I
want to yeah it seems like the type of
movie that I should love but story-wise
I just don't care I'm very sorry I'm so
into it yeah I'm doing I try every few
years i rewatch it but I never get I
hoping I'll get more out of it and I
just don't I think at this point it's
safe to call I know I still like looking
at it though like it's a great looking
movie but Blade Runner yeah I don't know
what they plan on doing with it but I
don't have any strong feelings towards
blade runner's so it doesn't matter to
me and I always catch shit for it
I'm sorry I don't care about Blade
Runner love it's stylistically that's
the thing just a boring movie visually
it's a fantastic movie and I want to
love it I love so many elements of it
but I just do not care about anything
that's happening in it ever
I keep trying I try to like that movie
no it's fair sometimes you're just not
even though if something can be
technically good you're just not into it
yeah and that's okay
that one that one bothers me that I
don't like it though like it actively
bothers me because I want to yeah it
seems like the type of movie that I
should love mmm but story-wise I just
don't care
I'm very sorry I'm so into it yeah I'm
good I'm diggin I try every few years i
rewatch it but I never get I hoping I'll
get more out of it and I just don't I
think at this point it's safe to call I
know I still like looking at it though
like it's a great looking movie but
later under that hot wife that you just
would you wish would shut up I want to
say the game real quick is something I
had a little turn or two at home okay I
kind of love that aliens like what
everyone else around them has died they
will retreat and join another pod that's
wandering around yes they didn't do that
before oh really
yeah oh no like oh fuck I'm getting out
of here and that's that's kind of great
especially later on in the game I think
the enemy AI is very well done some
sometimes in the beginning of the game
you know you run into a guy who'll just
stop moving right in front of you so you
can sort him really quickly button I
agree I like the AI I stopped playing
veteran when there was I beat the game
I'm betting that I started up a new game
and unlike the first mission I had a
soldier that was both wounded and Flint
instead the enemy took a shot at
somebody else who was behind cover and
I'm like oh they have the kid gloves on
I have to go up a notch
Lloyd beats Jay
scene world of tomorrow by Don Hertzfeld
yet I have not if not come on I will I
will like Don her till it's 16 minutes
and on Netflix I know I have no excuse
other than I just haven't yeah I will I
will watch it my spoon is too big
I am a banana then take the wall down no
son of a bitch it was a waste of grenade
complete waste all right sorry
I you know I I want you to do well rich
lord belt Lord Belmond
yes says yes Jay the audience for the
witch was insufferable because they kept
making noise yeah and were so hateful of
the movie at the end because it wasn't
cheap jump-scare movies I really liked
it though
oh I understand its terror I've been
there that's terrible there's a blu-ray
of all the Hertzfeld stuff the
Kickstarter blu-ray for Hertzfeld should
be out in the next week or so I just did
a Kickstarter recently that I'm really
excited about it's very another video
game yeah I love I love that you can
excute exploding things you can shoot
exploding this yeah first and next like
a gas tank oh yeah you shoot the gas
tank that is fun I agree that's another
new addition oh well there you go I like
and I like how it shows up like a like a
red oil barrel water on your things you
can shoot things I agree I like it more
why do they pay for a ticket if they
don't want to watch the damn movie
that's a great question I've been
wondering that for as long as I've been
going to movies cuz it always happens
yeah because apparently money means
nothing to them and their time also
means nothing
and they have no concept of how they
should act in public yes
so they were also raised in some sort of
barn wait weren't you raised in a barn
like literally though so that's not an
excuse anymore I thought you know what
all the animals that I raised in a barn
you know we ate we raised with some
manners like they knew when to come when
to leave like how to eat well surely not
to make too big a mess maybe some people
are just assholes that's the real answer
yeah oh farm shaming you're right cause
burning just farm shaming again I spent
many years on a farm just fail I should
just find a way to fail 88% oh it worked
that time I mean I can't believe it and
it tooks I can't believe it what kind of
swing you were you swinging at the wall
that's your problem right there
I have not seen the newly restored
original cut of Star Wars I hear that it
finally got done the a 35-millimeter
print of Star Wars has been restored
I heard about this mm-hmm very example I
don't care
Wow Wow Wow there are several whoo Star
Wars is good and I know you like the
original Star Wars and right now I'm
just being an ass I admittedly I'm just
being an asshole there's been though
like for year I don't know how long it's
been around a few years there's been
that despecialized edition like that
looks pretty great the D special is
pretty good so I don't know the the
really amazing part is if you look at
these side-by-side comparisons of this
newly restored film print versus their
blu-ray the official blu-ray Oh
they've like I haven't watched the
blu-ray of any of them but they didn't
like fuck up all the color correction
and looks like garbage I want to say it
was like the DVD release of the Star
Wars movies the ones where they included
the as a bonus feature the laserdisc
transfer of the original
4x3 letterbox but the the the the real
not the real version but the special
edition version on those I want to say
they fucked up the sound mix oh where
cuz like everything is just so
half-assed on that shit where it's like
what should be coming out of the left
speakers coming out of the right or
something like that
I remember hearing about that back when
those came out it's like at this point
if you're if you're someone like Disney
right and you're you're thinking about
re-releasing the the original movie
which who knows if they can like where
that is like distribution rights right
because the first movie Fox still has a
stake in right but let's just say like
you are the company who owns the
distribution rights to like the blu-ray
release and Star Wars
someone just did all your work for you
you give those guys a little bit of
money as like consultants and they give
you the files done well there's there
there is no excuse if there is a
35-millimeter print of that movie
available there is no excuse to not have
a cleaned up digital version of it I
just got on blu-ray today a digitally
cleaned up blu-ray release of wrote or
if someone has the budget to clean up
wrote or we can clean up the original
Star Wars don't you think
come on don't you think I mean get real
row tours a little more important let's
be honest get your priorities straight
people so now that row tour is done you
can spend time on Star Wars
unless Howard the Duck needs a touch-up
I think Howard the Duck is coming out on
blu-ray soon I think I read that I like
that movie is kid I haven't seen it
since I was a kid yeah I do though now
kinda want to see the cleaned-up version
of row tour I haven't yeah I just got it
today I haven't looked at it yet
you know there were so that movie was so
shit I would love to see that cleaned up
that's the magic the blu-ray that's like
cuz it's a collector's medium at this
point or weird niche things like that
you know hands of Steel coming on Bloor
I heard that too yeah
can't get Star Wars can't get showers we
get hands of Steel and some steel and
wrote or I have a question and there
might there might be an actual answer
for this floating around out there
somewhere okay Howard the Duck movie
right yeah
notorious flop did did that give Steve
Gerber the creator of Howard the Duck
comics which are really creative yeah
and inventive schadenfreude Oh or did it
just make him sad he famously had a
legal battle with marvel over the
authorship power the dark hmm then he
lost yes okay there was some some kind
of settlement anything he was happy with
it though before I'm suing well for the
movies yes he probably just thought it
was hilarious then like if he already
lost the battle and then to see that
movie and it's just the worst thing the
property meant something to him though
okay
he was making his own political
statements and how about comics I'm
pretty sure it meant something to him so
it was probably a perfect mixture of
like haha they failed oh but the thing I
created it yes yeah yes what do you call
that life
what are you talking about I think we
loved hands of Steel we loved we loved
hated hands of Steel
oh of course if I'm remembering that one
correctly something not discovered till
after that episode the director of hands
of Steel also directed alien from the
deep the other movie we watched on that
episode Oh director really yeah we
didn't even realize it really yeah some
italian dude well there you go
small world of B movies unless I'm
mistaken now and I'm thinking of
something else I think that was the case
no I look at we saw like the trailers on
the same there's the same company right
uh that I don't remember now oh you know
what that's a fair question what do you
what do you what's your preferred a
theater snack ah are you a theater
snacker uh sometimes I get popcorn
that's about it
fucking rookies mother motherfucking
rookies sorry
women on that shot like a fucking wide
open that is ah no cover
Sergio Martino directed hands of Steel
mm-hmm alien from the deep that was the
name of that movie right he only from
the deep no no my specialist is no alien
seed no that was shit cover no it's not
the same director fuck you why do you do
this to me I'm thinking of something
else is it's trying to be appropriately
challenging always do this to me oh you
know what the director of alien from the
deep also directed your hunter from the
future oh but also a another Italian
filmmaker no sergio Martino did hands of
Steel so ok somewhat mistaken but same
guy who did one movie did another movie
that we also watched on the stores and
we did not realize at the time was the
same director sure sure
like I enjoyed popcorn as a movie snack
my only problem with any movie snack is
if the movie is good I'm not snacking
because I'm paying attention to the
movie mmm and so I enjoy popcorn for the
previews that's the thing is I'll get a
small popcorn and I usually have
finished it before the movie starts
which is how I like it cuz then yeah
okay now I've had my snack I have had my
treat
yeah that's me clapping by the way you
can't see me clapping I was clapping
about my treat
but I usually if I get anything it'll
get it'll be popcorn but I often don't
even get that mm-hmm ready to boogie
wink
agreed I also love movie popcorn and if
I'm not in a popcorn mood Reese's Pieces
mmm a huge peanut butter person recent
pieces on one hand movie food is just
comically overpriced like we all know
this score on the other hand how they
make their money
on the theaters make yeah but that's a
part of the deal like you know going
into it that that's gonna be the case
that's just a part of the theater-going
experience at this point what cut did
the studio's take on I know is opening
week it's ridiculous
yeah I I don't know the details of all
that stuff I don't really pay much
attention
oh no oh and I think like opening
weekend they take like 90 yeah I know
it's just a joke hmm me too Gus Baker
III too in my head always say we
whenever I extract the soldier they
grabbed a little rope and then they go
boom everybody has amazing upper-body
strength even the scientists zombie just
one hand up there like this do they I
think so no I think everyone just grabs
at one arm well maybe that's okay cuz
they have the gun the one hands maybe
they have to yeah I take that back my
head there's always two heads cuz that
would make us one and you seem to
predict right maybe you don't see them
put like a little clip on the bone
maybe you just never seen it maybe
that's what happens though Quasimodo
ding

[Part II]
what happens though Quasimodo didn't get
a promotion quasi Blademaster yes it's
almost a catch-22 with the Grenadiers x'
yeah
you want them leveled up yeah because
they're very powerful units of course
but their power is stripping cover so
they're not really getting many kills
themselves sure
I'm commander difficulty because the
enemies have abort health from the
grenade to take away their the setup man
there's a setup man yes I thought it a
mild pain to level them up a horrible
glory wants to know rich has anyone ever
included diet soda for you when sending
beverages to rlm no no no get out nobody
thinks of me nobody everything's ever
ever thinks of me never ever ever never
it's got me so much Diet somebody here
now well I think why would it even says
you can get diet soda anywhere you're
right I guess they should just send me
money money you would spend a night
Sarge just send the money is there such
a thing and this is me genuinely not
knowing as fancy diet soda like I'm sure
like regional like local companies sure
cuz well there's like faint you know you
can get like fancy Cola sure like
sprecher that's my favorite Thai : just
says Cola on the cap
it's not like the generic I don't know I
know for the most part unless there's
some that are just really awful a few
but for the most part they all taste the
same to me okay Diet Coke Pepsi won't
give a shit I mean is there is there
like the fancy brand of diet cola it
probably tastes exactly like the generic
and you wonder why nobody sends you
fancy diet cola cuz you would act like I
never asked for fancy anything well
that's the reason they send us beer is
because it's fancy beer and they want us
to enjoy it like they've enjoyed it
right there is no I don't think there's
I'm gonna say there's not any sort of
fancy diet soda right there's just
different
of diet soda maybe I change my mind
Manos the other thing that make diet
soda better is if it has or any soda
better is if it has actual sugar in it
instead of right some sort of artificial
shit that's usually how it is isn't that
uses like the real sugar instead of the
aspartame or yeah or whatnot or well
aspartame is that that's not the
sweetener and the sodas is it I know
it's only in diet so does something soo
mean it's not the sweetener I don't know
these things I don't really drink soda
much right didn't one of like Pepsi or
coke didn't one of them just recently
stopped using aspartame because that
shit's not good for it
I want to say one of them did recently
may be known it's not the aspartame I
thought that the the study that came out
recently was that aspartame is not
necessarily the fault it's actually the
coloring okay
the thing that they use in soda to make
it look like Cola to make it look brown
yeah is the thing that's hurting people
okay and and it doesn't need to look
brown
so you're saying is they should bring
back Crystal Pepsi they need to bring
Brad kills from Crystal Pepsi they did
briefly there's like a promotional thing
I think you could like win it but it was
a tiny amount
it wasn't mass-produced I don't think
it's gonna be coming back nationally
from I know someone recently resolved
I'm kind of Lucky Charms promotion where
you could win they only made like five
boxes but a box of all marshmallow
launchers I'd buy that that sounds like
the healthiest I would love to see the
nutrition stats it's just a picture of a
guy shrugging from pole glory has a
message for you rich okay rich you need
to trust in the Ford oh go fuck yourself
it'll have your back when you need know
it ain't never
has the swords a piece of shit my
shotgun fucking murders people you get
you get the fuck of Tallinn rounds and a
shotgun with a ranger who's got like
that that one mind that lets them sprint
a little bit further did you do some
flanking and you'll murder some shit you
will fucking murder some shit put the
laser scope on there for the extra crit
chance then you get the Talon rounds
with the extra crit chance the shotgun
naturally as a high you crit like 100%
of the time when you're flagged and then
you get the gorilla training school
update that lets you do +3 damage when
your flank which doesn't work on the
fucking sword by the way you will
fucking murder everything shotgun all
the way suck at swords suck it eighty
eighty eighty-eight percent chance to do
five damage versus I'll fucking murder
you for 18 damage of my shotgun pitch
100 percent chance it's not a question
it's not a fucking question it's a it's
a certainty it's a 100 percent provable
certainty shotgun which has some very
shotgun versus the thorns in Ex cumshot
my shotgun Ranger will fuck up your
sword asshole do swords have assholes
the ones that got people carrying them
yes and claiming they're great okay
they're the sort yeah the the noodley
pail thing connected to the handle of
the sword anonymous also would just like
to say hack fraud diet soda replacement
so alright that's just that means yes
the thing you said we acknowledge there
you go and I'm sorry cyborg wolf no
facecam today because I plan on using
this footage for our episode so no face
cam no notifications today because then
I get to use all of this footage and if
something really special happens
I don't want richen eyes
super ugly faces to mess it up so that's
all you get
Oh dr. fector says though the grain
count on the swords isn't high enough to
explode varmints oh I saw people were
calling you out for getting grain count
wrong Oh as I am correct on that you
were incorrect
oh just far as what it means oh darn
well if you said you weren't like a gun
club before they're comin everybody Wow
weird yeah that's okay I was wrong too I
called pieces an Italian movie it's a
Spanish movie oh and I knew that but I
just wasn't thinking in the moment oh
there you go there's so many shitty
Italian horror movies that I just was
thinking thinking of that at the time
sure
so that Apple's episode is just riddled
the facts information and I know people
come to us for fat free for facts
people come to red letter media to learn
things about bullets and Italian horror
film yes and we let them down the two
things were known well agent 11 it's and
AIDS and 9/11 that we will never let
people down with never never never never
you have AIDS you've already been let
down just waiters just this guy you know
says here spend this on Cola rich also a
dollar for Jay okay
on a whim I sent something silly to rlm
today I don't know why so look out so
look out for it is it a bomb we will not
accept it if that's the case that's true
or if we do accept it unwittingly
we will be very upset oh it's true this
guy looks like Channing Tatum what's got
the scar yeah he has looks nothing like
the character he's supposed to be but
that's fine but he's not a real person
so how can he not look like it's
character from the last game oh you know
what I could see like later on when when
we've delved past comic book movies and
now we're making like the realistic
video game movies that everyone has
always wanted
an older Channing Tatum Bradford I could
see that that looks like him that's the
thing they keep fucking up isn't it
coming for video game movies yeah yeah
keep fucking it up mmm but there's a big
one coming out it was a Warcraft right
Warcraft which is they've got a good
director behind it sure that's what's
this movie Bowl guy who made Oh mate
good ol duvet ball yeah yeah he made
most of the comic movies disasters video
movies there's some kind of conspiracy
like tax evasion theory behind you know
he may he got to make movies through a
tax loophole it was what is a conspiracy
theory that's what happened yeah and
then when that's whatever that incentive
was went away he had a lot more trouble
making movies yeah people talk about him
as being like the modern-day Atwood but
he's not nearly that interesting
his first two movies are hilariously bad
alone in the dark and House of the Dead
are genuinely funny and the other ones
are just kind of I haven't seen fire one
postal is just like a shitty bad comedy
but like funny bad he's only done those
first two oh yeah he did do a vampire
who did the cold oh I can't think of the
name I know it with the lady Terminator
from Terminator 3 yeah I cannot think of
the name of that movie I haven't seen
that one maybe that one's funny oh man
but he's not he's not those first two
modes make lot of rain blood rain yeah
yeah thank you yeah thank you but aside
from that he's funny as a person if
you've seen like his rants on YouTube
and stuff yeah yeah most of his movies
are not interesting ly bad he's no Ed
Wood he is no Edward he's no
oh the the tail-end of just this guy you
nose tip wants to know if from now on
here on out this channel is dedicated to
XCOM to probably for for a bit rich will
want to play X come to all the time but
next time I play it probably won't be
expected
spoiler alert on my feelings on XCOM to
mokey be 85 says this company sells
fancy dry soda that's technically a diet
soda because of low sugar content
cucumber flavor also ford's saved my ass
in the final mission so lol fuck my cock
shotguns would have saved your ass
better she'd shoot a shotgun to your ass
is what richard saying and telegin says
Jay Jack and rich what's your favorite
bleach to drink you know a bargain
bargain brand did the cheaper the better
that's what you get the label where it's
all white it just says in black letters
bleach and that's all that's on the
label that's all you need Sam's Cola is
that is that a soda joke yeah a joke
okay which is nailing it nailing the
soda jokes got a nail something that's
good that's right
save those people rich you didn't save
her you know what you save them by
murdering everybody true murder all the
people don't save all the people I know
I know a few people who still very
religiously play World of Warcraft
that's still a thing not still a dog
huge especially if you've been playing
it like that's just okay that's that's
your that's the world you exist in now
the world will never end and nobody who
I know who plays the game is excited
about the movie yeah yeah the only
interest I have cuz I don't know
anything about World of Warcraft I've
never played it but it has a good
filmmaker behind it so although I
shouldn't even say a the only movie I've
seen of his that is good is moon oh
that's the only movie I've seen by him
so I guess I can't speak too much about
it but moon is good moon is great but I
I have a hard time picturing the World
of Warcraft movie to be like minimal and
atmospheric yeah yeah everything that
makes moon great doesn't seem like it
would translate translate to World of
Warcraft but admittedly I don't know
much about world Warcraft so yeah yeah
source code was the other movie he did
but I didn't see it that's okay and now
he's doing World of Warcraft well now
he's getting paid oh yeah Nick here was
saying I was watching the first planket
review and Jack I noticed you had hair I
hope you don't mind me asking but where
did it go same place mine went like
mostly I guess mostly in the drain I
don't know when you're here phille I
mean you just fly it goes everywhere
just not on your head you might not know
this because you're a hairy troglodyte
but there's this thing called a raisin
with you oh sure like
shave my head all my hair goes down the
drain but like just you know the stuff
that fell out through nature that could
be anywhere here and in my house
most likely in my house that's where I
spend most of my time but yes I I once
had hair I came across a picture of
myself recently I was I was far hairier
than even in that plinker of you I used
to have a giant beard very very long
hair oh you need the treasurer's I had
another term to get it
this is being impatient is what this is
it's stupid and I should not have done
that apparently it worked out for me
because if it's not three squads on
alert but that was dumb it was very dumb
kwazii's got it rich
I believe in quasi I guess I also
believe the wait till quasi dies I
believed in ponytail and pony tail died
sebacean stop believing in the people I
want to live
you should stop believing in anything
that's the key to life don't just don't
believe in top thinking about tomorrow
don't other it's like don't stop
believin it'll soon be here
no I don't want to grow the beard back
cuz I'm into the shaved head look and if
you got a beard and a shaved head that's
a commitment it's it's a very specific
look that's a commitment a kind of
personality that I'm not willing to
exude every day you know
bald men are 50% more likely to captain
starships that's true that's that's a
real fact
don't don't
which is strategic out of this yeah
we've got to see what the shots people
have free run off all willy-nilly what
about a soul patch no I'm a hairless now
I'm just a hairless everybody else has
got the beards let them do the beards no
I'll be the contrast has there ever been
a good video game movie there's them in
a single one as there why is it so hard
stories and games usually overrated but
especially now like more so than maiming
back in the days when they were making
like the Super Mario Brothers movie and
shit like that like video games have
evolved where stories are a major part
of it sometimes more important than the
gameplay it seems so how do they keep
fuckin up the movie usually to their
detriment though okay but that's you end
up making a but that's your opinion and
I mean there are people who like
something like Last of Us which is
mostly story right yeah I guess you
don't need to make a movie of that cuz
it pretty much is a movie right right
yeah so I guess that's why you know it's
hard to make a good story as it is then
you're asking somebody to make a great
story on top of a great game and I think
the end result is usually just both
things being mediocre yeah well you know
I I think a lot of it has to do with
perhaps the people writing these stories
not understanding what makes them
resonate with the gamers you know like
you're in a game it's all personal it's
all these tiny little details like with
XCOM rich loves these x time games right
yeah he loves all of his soldiers and
you love your soldiers cuz they can die
and you know like your what your soldier
will do one amazing thing like 12
missions ago and you'll remember that
one tiny amazing things 12 missions ago
right yeah and how do you make that a
character in a movie oh I see when it's
a character that only exists for you
exactly a game is a very personal
journey
like Mass Effect 3 aside it's why it
would be impossible to make a mass
effect movie you're in charge of your
own character right rich literally loves
his soldiers he does except for the ones
that he hates like Quasimodo this is why
is why I raged deleted my last commander
Ironman save so I got bullshit into
death because the Thord yep button and
now they don't have to worry about it
cuz comic book movies are making so much
money but as soon as they stop as soon
as comic book movie stop making money
the next wave will be the the
quote-unquote good video game movies I
well I think that will depend on how
well the Warcraft movie does if that's
like a big hit then we'll start to get
more video game movies if that's a big
flop then we'll go back to nothing for a
while possibly what will replace the
kind of movie though nothing cuz comic
book movies will never end yeah no I
mean eventually they will once they stop
making money whatever place it idea will
it be the video game movie that's my
prediction is that's you know you have
to think about what the next thing that
nerd culture mostly children do with
their time ten years from now they start
growing up and wanting to experience
them in new ways much like comic books
and boom it'll be videogames let's start
with the classics and they'll finally
make a good Mario Brothers movie maybe
it'll be animated right or whatever you
know it'll be a Pixar CG animated Mario
Brothers movie sure tics are making a
Mario movie treating and it'll be great
and people be like finally they captured
these characters and then and then you
know they'll make a Zelda movie and
it'll be a grand adventure and people
will love it
oh the video game movie is here and then
everyone will complain about it don't
they make anything else besides video
until they may don't make money I'd
rather just see the whole system implode
it is the whole thing no it is it it's
making shitloads of money I'd rather see
the whole thing collapse I'm in the
studio's not know what to do so they
just start letting interesting
filmmakers make whatever they want like
they did in the 70s we will never have
that again but I would love to see it
Oh it'll never be an era like the 70s
again we had that a little bit in the
90s no he didn't
there were the during the Indy
Renaissance there were films being made
by interesting filmmakers in the studio
but I wouldn't say that was the majority
of what was going on no but in the 70s
that wasn't the mean speaking purely of
numbers because not as many movies were
being made well that that's the thing
too is there's so much more money at
stake now than there was in the 70s
it's the same with TV now you know
there's there used to be three networks
that's any show that was popular that's
due to the fact that there just wasn't
much to choose from such a different
world
what's what's he doing oh there it is
he was behind a tree so I didn't see
it's okay see him I didn't know what he
was doing am I still sick I still have a
bit of a cough but I am over my sickness
see thank you all for bearing with me
100% shot I 100% of doing four to 1600
verses if you try to Ford 91% 8 to 10
days to 10 damage
that's a sectoid cuz they could double
but he's only got like 5 health to begin
with sure there's only this I know this
is only gonna do the 4 but we're gonna
give it a shot sure yes flanked oh he's
dead sure Oh Bob oh that was a 100%
chance to hit but let's say there was a
lot of more enemies around you and you
didn't reload and you only had one
bullet left why don't you have the free
reloaded perk and the gun I'm sorry
right now you do that right now I'm
saying for that situation right there
are you so bad at mismanaging your ammo
that you're gonna run up to somebody
with an unloaded shotgun yes it happens
all the time
because you're stupid yes if you're bad
at the game don't you think about what
do you think anyone will care about
avatar - no nobody cares now yeah I
think that was a movie that was super
popular when it came out and I think we
talked about this recently and like
immediately afterwards everybody forgot
about it yeah I don't think they're I
mean maybe we're wrong but I don't think
people are clamoring for another a
bizarre movie we're literally not now
too much time is fast will people go see
it nobody even remembers it nobody
remembers it will people go see it is
the question will it be a success like
the first one I don't know it's hard to
say audiences can be unpredictable yeah
I never would have expected Deadpool to
do nobody didn't expect it to do as well
as it did Oh Louis tell us Dan I just
have a hard time in general
understanding general audiences oh yeah
shotgun the first one oh I was
incredibly wrong about Jurassic world
that was well you know what I was hoping
I was hoping that Jurassic world would
not do good and I finally saw it and it
is so boring yeah I'm just not very good
it's just not very good and so my hope
was correct my hope was that that's
different than actual expectations of
how the movie old and that was my
problem I I let my hope get in the way
of you know yeah you gotta look at it
from both angles yeah we the next half
in the bag that's coming out is our
Oscar one mm-hmm which it will be out
before the Oscars which is this weekend
but in doing like predictions or
expectations you have to have two
categories you have to have your
personal like what you would be
interested in seeing win hmm and you
have to have the cynical idea of what
actually win yeah because those are two
different things it's true it's true and
my hope got the better of me when I was
discussing a drastic world many
apologies to everyone for my prediction
that Jurassic world would flop I I knew
the minute it came out of your mouth is
gonna be wrong well not that I could see
it not doing well but you your exact
words were that it was going to be the
movie that would kill Chris Pratt's
career which is an insane insane thing
to say hope not I hope not for Chris
Pratt I wanted the movie to do bad okay
I wanted the movie to do bad so people
would stop making bad movies that will
never happen
but you know what I'm not even bad
movies everyone hopefully could tell by
watching the trailers of Jurassic world
that it was going to be a bland movie
how people loved it though those people
are dumb
those people are done a lot of people
really liked it they're dumb they're
idiots III want I want to start a war on
blindness that's that's what sells Jack
a war on toeing the line you'll get
random things like Deadpool like great
that that did successful yeah business
but for the most part that's the stuff
that catches on is the the bland clout
crowd-pleasing stuff yeah I bet you said
crowd-pleasing right please what are you
having a German please those damn Krauts
yeah and bland like as long as it's good
you know there can be something that's
bland as long as it's not insulting
there's no there's no there's no world
for bland that is the world there's no
room for bland that's all there is
that's the successful stuff
that's why to me it's kind of a big deal
that's something like Mad Max got
nominated for Best Picture mmm because
that doesn't happen and that's kind of
amazing that it did yeah it won't win
but it's kind of amazing that it even
made it so far but that's a rarity for
something like that to happen toeing the
line and blandness pay the bills got to
do those so that intro got to do the
interesting things that nobody will see
yeah yeah
what what but speaking of interesting
thought invoking I got a chance to play
quite possibly the most interesting
board game I have played in recent
memory it's call and you know people
might not care about board games but I
love board games
it's called mysterium and I bonded not
knowing much about it some people who I
like who review board games said it was
great and I just stopped reading their
views like they say it's great great
I'll buy it okay
looking for a new board game most board
games everybody kind of knows you got
your board you got your pieces you got
maybe some dice you throw the dice you
got or you got cards right yes there
there are some like board games staples
right mysterium is like apples to apples
meets blue no no no no I hate apples
apples apples apples is not a game I
hate but it here's here's what it is
there is one person who plays a ghost
and there are other people that play
psychics and the ghosts needs to find a
way to communicate with the psychics
only using cards with like abstract
pieces of art on those it's a game that
should not exist it's it's amazing it's
amazing so what you do what the ghosts
is Trump what the ghost is trying to do
is get these psychics to guess his
murderer ala clue location murderer and
murderer and murder weapon right but the
only way you can communicate with the
psychic is by silently handing them
cards with abstract art on it and the
abstract art in some way represents what
they're trying to convey so like in
front of the psychics are like eight
people and eight locations and eight
weapons right yeah and then each psychic
has a set of three and one person one
place one weapon right and so then you
need to silently hand them cards and
then they look at the abstract art card
and try to figure out what on the card
represents like the person place or
object and then like figure out which
are their specific objects to find out
who murdered you that works until you've
played this game with the same people
often enough yeah yes but I hadn't
played the game and I already know this
of course but it's so different and like
the ghost can't speak throughout the
entire game yeah and so you know you
just have to lie and but you have to
like like you know yes or no people when
they like guessed correctly or not okay
and it was one of the most unique board
game experiences I have ever come across
well alright and it was great
interesting it should be it should be a
one player game there's just a psychic
who's trying to talk to a ghost but
ghosts don't exist so he's just picking
up cards and he's maybe the ghost pick
this one mm-hmm
and you play that game with yourself and
that's that's realistic mysterium yeah
maybe real-life mystery real-life masu
well oh and Colonel rich mustard I
believe it's made by the same company
that makes Dixit so if you've ever
played Dixit
I believe it's made by the same company
okay in any case it was it was an
amazing experience and it even comes
with it comes with its own soundtrack of
like spooky ambient music that you're
supposed to play during the game it was
great Oh
scientists give me a fuckin engineer I
want to engineer or wait what's this
in town cell rather have an extra
scientist fucking useless you're gonna
catch up with a trick tech tree sooner
or later well you need to keep up with
us manufacturing because we have the
second you can't manufacture what the
fucking good is it doing you right right
you need you need you need that advanced
warfare Center the guerrilla tactics
school and you need the proving grounds
and you need the psychic school you need
engineers for all that shit agree no you
don't need to buy the spooky soundtrack
I believe it's streaming but it's great
it's great until like rich said you play
with the exact same group of people over
and over again then everyone knows the
bit but as someone who plays a lot of
board games it was it was a breath of
fresh air even though it took us maybe
four hours to play the first time
because no one knew what was going on
the game is called mysterium and for
everyone who's comparing it to Dixit
it's made by the same company I believe
Dixon Dixon D IX I team now gets it I
don't want to know what that games about
it's so I mean let's see here from full
glory any of you into the 70s Hong Kong
action films and to be more specific
anything from the Shaw Brothers they got
some crazy shit I I'm aware of them I
haven't seen hardly anything that's a
blind spot
your money your my 70s movie that's
that's an area I often say I have my
blind spots that I tried to fill in from
time to time so one of these days I'll
get around to checking out some sharp
other stuff it might really like Hong
Kong kung fu movies but I just haven't
seen many of that's the thing it's like
I like what I've seen but I haven't seen
yeah and I haven't seen any in a very
long time J a horrible glory wants to
know have you seen a movie called the
Salton Sea no the title sounds familiar
but no my brother Darrell thought it was
dark and disturbing but my other brother
Darryl says it's all style and no
substance
anyway lol fuck my cock said a new heart
reference Larry Darrell and Darrell yeah
well there you go
pardon me trash can man says as a fan of
both Dixit and mysterium I completely
agree with you fantastic game good taste
I got this one I got good taste in one
thing we're in a MOBA Jack I'm with our
lover and Jack and great exploration I'd
maybe you meant to type great
explanation if it's the dice tower you
watch or listen to that makes two of us
I pay attention to the shut up and sit
down a show so I have anything to do
with your shit up timer that has nothing
to do with my setup my stand up timer is
not correlated with shut up and sit down
okay you see how first would make that
mistake so about eight more minutes left
everybody about eight more minutes until
its stand up time again
I'm rich Evans yeah you'd like to
recommend a board game called Sheriff of
Nottingham it's all about lying right in
people's faces well that's always fun
that is always fun so sort of like a I
don't have a game like that it's called
politics topical humor here you read you
read the paper today you let me yeah let
me see what's in the headline steeled
headlines I could only assume that's
that's like close to a mafia or like
what's the game where you have to or
resistance is that what it's called
we're like one of yous the government
and one of yous the resistance and you
have to find the other people in the
resistance or yeah great I'll see
sectoid
running my future ambush plans
my problem with apples to apples is it
stupid is it stupid it's not a game it's
it's it's a party thing it's you
analyzing simulates horrible it's not a
simulator it's your air lease analyze it
yes but you don't need it you could just
talk to someone you don't need the card
you don't need to do anything you don't
need to play a board game of course you
do you could play a game you play a game
to play a game you want to win you want
to lose you I mean you do it with your
friends so you have a good time people
play apples to apples so they can have a
good time so Bible enjoy it
that would require you to have a good
time while playing apples to apples and
exit impossible that's the ball first
not for everyone it's a very popular
thing I know well people are stupid well
there's that sure and mankind as has
proven this again and again yes there's
an XCOM novel which is their next comic
novel is there no interest if there is
no you ever see the doom novels
oh you fuckers go the other way
ah I'm gonna get you I'm good oh they
didn't
oh thanks about it ah uh guys should
just shut you right in the back am i
actually see ya I do not like apples
apples or cards against humanity' I
think they're both dumb wastes of time
apples to apples no no it's a game and
you know people it's it's a way to get
to know people you know they put down
cards and you have to choose which card
based on who you think did fuck that
stupid that's the thing is it doesn't
work as a way to get to know people you
have to know the people already so you
understand what they would person their
personality was they was make that up
throughout the game mmm and then cards
against humanity' it's just it's just a
naughty word simulator and I like saying
my own naughty words you don't need it
wouldn't it be crazy if we said this
this thing in the car it's like why not
just say stupid shit we all do it all
the time
exactly nobody I know has ever had a
problem saying stupid shit maybe got any
cards to do that get some beer then
you'll stay plenty of stupid shit Lord
Belmont Jack what do you think of the
arkham horror games like Call of Cthulhu
and mansions of madness I don't know
what those are I don't think of them you
don't think of them what do I think of
them I don't think of them what ours I
don't know oh why don't Call of Cthulhu
is HP Lovecraft's sure
and you know literary form it's some
sort of horror game apparently also
excited for the UHD blu-ray z-- ultra
high def that's a thing yeah that's the
next wave have a shorter lifespan than
blu-rays I think I talked about this
last I was here but I've been no hurry
to upgrade no there's only so much
detail the human eye can see I have used
my blue rape I've had I've had a blu-ray
player for two months now that's it
that's it no and I've used it maybe
three times two times as a DVD player I
don't care digital media is dead basic
physical media is dead to me I want
everything digital physical yeah
physical media is a it's a collector's
market at this point yep I still buy
stuff not as much as I used to but if
it's something weird that has no reason
to exists on blu-ray like wrote or sure
I will get that or something that is
some sort of like collector's thing like
turbo kid has an excellent blu-ray set
things like that
hands that are more niche sure I could
be with but if it's like a modern movie
that I just I like the movie I'll buy
digitally like I just bought Creed
because there's I'm not gonna get
anything from the blu-ray that I'm not
gonna get from the digital release of it
hmm
but as far as like the Ultra HD
stuff like I don't know you know I I
can't imagine upgrading to a new format
when that format is not going to last
very long and isn't that significantly
better looking than blu-rays sure and
who has you know who even has a 4k TV
that can broadcast something like that
at the moment right I mean those are
becoming more and more they are common
but they are I do I don't care about
stuff like that
yeah I want I want all digital all the
time and just easier access to all of my
digital things
give me an easier way to store my
digital media and I will be happier
um well Oh to end Lord Belmonts thing
what sucks is that movies shot digitally
under 4k are just being upscaled yeah
yeah yeah that does suck okay Lloyd
beets question for Jay Jack and rich
have you seen the doc the nightmare yes
yes it's the most terrifying fucking
thing ever
it's about sleep paralysis and it scares
the everliving fuck out of me yes it's a
terrifying I think it's now about sleep
paralysis sleep paralysis and like night
terrors you know there's like specific
things that you see there's there's a
couple different ones and it's common
amongst people that have these problems
like like creepy Shadow Man in the
corner of your room yeah like that kind
of shit it's it's a terrifying
documentary because that shit scares the
scares the hell out of me there you go
there are some people I know that that
happens pretty regularly like sleep
paralysis
I think it's happened to me maybe two or
three times in my life sure and that's
more than enough it's horrifying
oh we're be the Dinos imma get up
everybody stand up and just a reminder
for anyone that is showing up within the
last hour I have not seen the witch yet
I want to but I have not seen it yet yes
I failed my mission because one of the
objectives was kill all of the aliens
there was no way I was gonna happen
without me getting slaughtered so I just
did what I could and I got out it was a
a tactical retreat I don't I don't I
don't get like the reward but I do get
like the the the I think the dark event
blocking or the other way around is one
of the other I forgot which isn't it
better than nothing
that was some major-league bullshit I
think the movie major-league was pretty
good shot in Milwaukee some of it shot
at the old stadium from Luke and some of
it was shot at the safe house downtown
yeah yeah I have not seen that movies
and so the kid it might be bad I don't
it's got Bob Uecker in so it's got to be
good right well getting back to sleep
paralysis yes
so like sleep paralysis is a natural
thing
everybody does it when you sleep to keep
yourself from like jogging when you have
a dream that you're jogging well no this
is like when you can't move right well
and so that's but that's what so what
sleep paralysis is is your brain not
turning that function off when you wake
wake up right and it's hor and and and
sometimes you see visions you see creepy
nightmare monsters and shit Oh fine yeah
that's that's the one I've seen there's
different things that can happen but the
one I've seen is where it's just like a
shadow standing in the corner that is
the scariest thing to me I've had that
happen we put that in the recovered as a
result of that there's a part when Tina
wakes up and and the guy is just
standing in the corner and then he
slowly turns and looks at her that's
like my nightmare it's terrifying so I
will not be watching that attack I
almost stopped watching it as watching
it late one night and it takes a lot to
get under my skin but that and even more
so for me to like be so creeped out
watching something tonight that I would
shut it off and I almost shut it off and
like I'll come back to this tomorrow
morning I powered through it it gets
kind of weird towards the end there's
some weird stuff with like cuz it's like
I don't remember six or seven different
people that they're sort of focusing on
I have this issue and one of them talks
about how like
she started she turned to religion and
it went away I was like that's kind of
weird so it takes a weird turn towards
the end but but the rest of it is
interesting apparently they're saying in
the chat
HP Lovecraft had this and said that the
shadows spoke to him
oh sure that would make sense that make
sense do you mean the man that invented
horrible things yeah unseen unknown
horrible monsters that makes perfect
sense
what commander you're doing good
commander
all right taking my lumps where will you
take your forces commander got my
hospital there you go that's all you
need more importantly this thing that
gives you bonus skills oh yeah that's
great by the way
just randomly get me good extra shit
also the helping your guys heal is crazy
important I need a ranger gets the
serial perk what's the serial part every
time you kill somebody you get a free
action so you can chain it together nice
you know because swords suck and this is
something you could do with a shotgun
that you can't do with a Thord J how
many hardened me how many movies would
you say you own um not including well
not including the stuff we have best of
the worst I don't even know how much we
have for that and uh for me personally I
don't know off hands maybe between five
and six hundred okay maybe maybe a
little bit more sound like that five
sixty thousand nothing terrible I don't
I don't buy a lot of stuff especially
not as much anymore
hmm I mainly by because there's lots of
movies that I like but I have no reason
to own them because I'm not gonna watch
them all that I watch I get like weirder
shit no shit that has like rewatch value
because of like commentaries and that
type of stuff mm-hmm
today they're asking about quick cuts
they're nothing to report at the moment
is all all same but you haven't
officially stopped doing them no no he
stopped doing that well I did stop doing
the problem but zelich and since it's
not like it'll never come back or maybe
if it does come back it'll come back in
a slightly different form Oh
who's decided who's to say what the
future holds
nobody well we do we make the content
that's true it's entirely up to us this
Tiberius Kirk I hope J writes off all
the movies he buys oh sure it's all
research it's all research all research
all the movies I rent digitally yep you
know it was when that stuff's gonna come
up in conversation on an episode of half
in the bag that uh that game mysterium
that I was talking about I rode that off
you know why I just talked about it on
this very sure every single fucking
thing is the right of subscriptions to
like Netflix Hulu right up right off
every movie every game I buy every comic
book I buy every single thing media-wise
is a write-off
quick cuts gets a Netflix reboot hey
spoiler
oh yeah isn't that full house reboot
coming on Netflix soon are you excited
about that because the original show is
so great
fuck man turn you gonna turn to quick
cuts into body horror like quick cuts
off my ear none of those would be quick
they'd be slow and painful so legitimate
question when do you think it was that
Bob Odenkirk became the greatest actor
of our generation well I haven't seen
better call Saul so I can't say you
needs one I've always liked him what
would you call an illegitimate
question-answer between 4 & 7 how how
good did tomatoes taste 5.5 I think
that's an illegitimate point five five
between four and seven you're going five
point five maybe six yeah there's not
that much room between four and seven
sure six I was six do we count the
things that like you make it tomato into
like spaghetti sauce that's factored in
that's that then it goes up like like a
six point five okay six point five
that's pretty good anyway why do you
think he's such a great actor no I mean
I I think he's good I like him and
pretty much everything I've seen him in
but I don't think I've really seen
anything that would indicate he has a
ton of range
I think his Indian like if you look at
Fargo Season one
okay and most recently I caught an
episode of better call Saul and yeah I
mean I don't care about Breaking Bad
yeah
none at all better call Saul is
brilliant no no and more importantly the
depths
that he gives his character as an actor
mmm he's very subtle but very poignant I
think he's a very very talented actor
okay and I was surprised you know is
like Fargo for anyone who's seen season
one a Fargo he plays kind of a goofball
yeah he plays Bob Odenkirk with a Fargo
accent yes basically but even his
goofball you can you can sense the
depths of his character but when in
better call Saul when he plays his
weaselly lawyer this is like the the
origin story yeah oh this is a prequel
to break you bet pretty cool to break
okay I know so little about it the the
depths I candy I can't even and
especially if you don't know that much
about the show I don't want to spoil
anything but yeah the the range that he
has not only as an actor but like as a
character it's it's an it's great yeah
and I and I don't care about Breaking
Bad I never rise saw to it didn't really
like it but I'm watching better call
Saul alright Bob Odenkirk actor of our
generation let's see here NCC 170 171
the D says tell Jay I saw society ah yes
went in blind thanks to him as you
should I knew something was wrong
I had an idea of what it might be but
did not expect that
no nobody expects that it's it's such a
slow build-up at that movie and then oh
man it's amazing I think it's a great
movie it says thanks a lot any other
batshit 80s recommendations um nothing's
like society shotgun did that shit with
a sword motherfucker
uh I can't think of any thing I could
say like if you like society you would
also like this mmm that's okay um yeah I
don't know I can't think of anything off
and I mean there's plenty of weird shit
of course but nothing like that
oh and Oz Mike says Jack J rich tomorrow
oh my god is that true
tomorrow is the one-year anniversary of
movie dicks will be watching roar ah
wake in fright and Puma man oh I've seen
Puma man J come watch wake and fright
with us apparently what time does movie
Dix happen they tweet what times what
time is it happening tomorrow especially
8:30 8:30 I've never been to a movie Dix
but it's possible I might be able to
tomorrow night ah I have I have a moving
Dix recommendation Oh
XCOM to was maybe thought about de vie
Oh me would be mean for sure I've never
seen any V I've never seen any of it
watch the original miniseries yeah a
sequel is kind of schlock yeah
comparison the first one is just really
fucking good drama that's what I've
heard many young Robert England's in it
right yeah one did was the first night
on L Street 84 it was 84 I believe I
know it was like right after V yeah J 8
o'clock Central Time
80 I think is when they usually get
started for anyone that hasn't seen R or
you're in for a treat it's pretty much
the best thing ever and for those who
don't know movie dicks is a group of
viewers that get together and use our
chat to find a way to all watch the same
movie and then chat about it in the chat
where do they find us on YouTube or yeah
or is it up to up to you to get a copy
of it from wherever YouTube or online
streaming sources usually okay I only
went once and I don't think the mood
when I went I don't think we were
legally watching a movie it might have
been shades of gray I see
but movie dicks will tell you where you
can watch the movie
I don't want to be over on that side
okay that's fine that's fine I could
deal with that we're sure so if you like
to watch movies and chat with people
come here for movie dicks I don't know
maybe I eat all of these things if you
don't like watching movies and talking
with people while you watch movies you
need to rethink your life choices rich
that's like half of your job I know it's
horrible that's why I'm such a miserable
wreck of a human being it's true look Oh
and as my is is correcting himself 8:30
rich was correct oh and also
announcements this is the time for
announcements Wednesday barring any
unforeseen circumstances will be our
euro friendly stream uh anyone from
Europe is gone already so they won't
know which is ironic cuz we really hate
Europe I'll tweet about it tomorrow
Wednesday we're gonna get here early and
do a Euro friendly stream these are all
the announcements by the way this is
what happens when you're not worried
about the time what I'm just taking my
suite last time Oh God right yeah no it
just won't 1 inch and then you get move
everyone out for just one square
everybody's on overwatch ok everybody
they move upward oh the way what's a
copay is if we're now home for watch get
everyone on overwatch agreed also on
Wednesday
why is that funny just did it
also on Wednesday a new video will be up
oh so there you go all sorts of exciting
things are happening this week it's all
really happening yeah most realities
like the matrix then nothing's really
happening no but isn't isn't reality
just all about perception reality is no
reception
Oh reality it was real
regardless of your perception of it you
might not be able to receive it but
there's still a reality
you're completely utterly wrong but how
do you know but how do you know what
that's just the definition of reality is
that it's real
I definitely define the reality by
definition reality is what is real man
who defined that though yeah who knows
what's real it doesn't need you to find
it it just is or isn't yeah but how do
you know you might not be real to drugs
of YouTube gonna do it we've been
standing up and race stereotypical drugs
I've just been watching John Ross ski
movies man Oh three of you oh they
brought three people to shoot at me oh
oh don't worry it might look like you're
on a hill but isn't that just nature's
roof you're up there you've got this
roof roof got to get on that roof yo
yeah yeah yeah that thing when it blows
up and you fall down and lose health
yeah yeah that's right rich does need to
freeze mind no free your mind and the
rest will follow free your mind and your
grace free free my mind by distorting
its perception yeah but you don't know
me that's a contradiction no it's real
you know
Oh sindermann no I have not seen dance
of reality I own it my blind bought it
but I have not watched it yeah you're
blind about it I blind bought it which I
don't do very often but I blind bought
it his yacht arouse keys new movie and
made a movie in like 20 years or
something that's probably worth a blind
by um I thought so but I've watched it
not that well I guess I have to because
you kinda have to be in the right the
right mood to sit down for something
like that so sure no I can't take out
any of them oh that was just a shit turn
so sorry that's alright I'm on the roof
your honor everybody's gonna die no
you're on the roof so that all their
shots are gonna miss and you're gonna do
great and everything's gonna be great
why would you say that no you know no
look he just marked you like that so his
turn is wasted no no does he just throw
a grenade oh oh yeah you did look now
they have no cover on the roof we got
those are gonna work I was gonna work
hello Draco wants to know where is your
favorite place to find movies the
Internet at this point I'm not one of
those people that needs to go to stores
and like look for bargains or you know
oh and exactly enough in a store and
they panicked let's pry that
high-elevation they got a little nervous
so yeah I order stuff online you order
direct if you if you're in a scream
factory titles the order direct from
their website oftentimes if you preorder
it they'll often send it two to three
weeks before street date and sometimes
with a poster which isn't that big of a
deal to me I have all these fucking
screen Factory posters that are just
sitting in my closet because I have no
interest in hanging them anywhere this
all went very bad very quickly
yeah yeah I know it's very quickly not
going well for Team roof over here
well they got one of them so why are you
talking you know because I'm not very
good at the game I'm overcompensating by
picking on your shortcoming I'm enjoying
the game overall
let's head go down there and sword him
or shotgun oh I mean the sword works to
the shotgun did fine damage but the
sword might have worked you would have
to climb down you came in late riches
playing rich is playing you came in late
the face cams are off because I want to
use this footage in the episode Wow
welcome welcome to welcome to the
madness and no Jay has not seen the
witch for fuck's sake that one guy in
the chat no I have never been to a Rob
Zombie concert what a random ask
question is that venom frequent question
yes I didn't even see it i i i guess
really wants to know if you've been to
her of zombie concert cuz you seem like
the type of person who would go to a Rob
Zombie concert I guess what do you do
you have any thoughts on Rob Zombie's
music he's fine that is the best way to
describe Rob Zombie's music it's fine
you're in the right frame frame of mind
it's fine
perilous mission blowed yeah
is rich Evans more human than human is
Rob Zombie a new meme now I was other
thing that's how I weave Rob Zombie he's
not random enough to be a meme right
he's too popular still you think I don't
know if he is yeah does he still do
stuff he's still this stuff he does a
movie coming out this year oh yeah he
still makes movies sometimes he can do
whatever he wants he does do whatever he
wants yes respect to him for that that's
ain't that the truth
I mean we could all do whatever we want
but he does we can he do rich have you
ever been apple picking that strikes me
so funny
I'm loving this line of questioning it
questions I picked up some apples at the
grocery store yesterday yeah yeah but if
you've been to the farms you go pick
them put them in them but I've been to
apple orchards I've not picked apples at
the apple orchards what else do you do
at an apple orchard you know you walk
around you get a hot cider there's
usually shit for kids to play on
sure rich
I'm prettier I know that rich has never
been varmint shooting I know that one I
can answer that one for you because a
rich has never shot a gun yeah he has
told me so I don't trust myself with a
gun but yeah these people are all dead
everyone I'm just dead Oh is there
anything I can do
what is this a supply room yeah what
does it do miss employment
it's a doomed supply room I can't I
can't beat that stun Lancer and not get
murdered by everything else so we're
just taking off your fucking waste very
sorry
and you know what Tiberius Kirk I'm with
you Tiberius Kirk says guns are fine you
have a driver's license
that's like handling a 3,000 pound gun
every time you're behind the wheel sure
I agree I guns can be safe if you you
know treat them with the respect him and
shooting range no that's when I
accidentally shoot someone next to me
I'm awkward and clumsy and I'm waving
around the gun and just Safety's not on
my mind I'm just bad to the brain and
website I shot the instructor in the bed
whoops he's dead forever now as opposed
to being dead temporarily you know that
could happen you know weird our internet
personality goes berserk at shooting
range claims accidents it's it's very
different
once you're there once there is a lie
I'm gonna do it once there is it oh I'm
not gonna do it you sing in general
hopefully if there is a gloated gun in
your hand you slow down and start you
know I am figuring you wise enough to
know myself I think that's a smart
decision that's right thank you
CJ I agree I agree jános me go into the
shooting range that one time we did it
though I love the shooting range I would
like to go back sometime anytime all
right go go we'll go to that we'll go to
the good shooting range what makes it
what makes one shooting range better
than another a more extensive gun rental
list okay I'm gonna get up and stretch
Oh cuz you know you go to you go to the
one you just bring your own and it's
just like I see the same old gun same
old gun right sure but you go to the one
where you can rent different guns you
can shoot all sorts of weird shit it's
great okay like you could shoot like a
big old six-shooter like Magnum gun like
the kind the Dirty Harry uses oh my god
it's awesome you know you could shoot
you know like a
millimeter machine gun like a police
issue thing which is by the way so
accurate that it's scary oh yeah yeah
well I would assume that's the case if
it's a police issue gun well like a nine
millimeter is relatively low caliber and
then it's like a big thing and it's got
a shoulder butt on it so you have some
nice laser scope kind of thing that was
beautiful
Jack sounds the time I enjoy the gun
range okay now shooting guns is fun if
you do it responsibly be responsive you
have to be responsible responsible gun
ownership right that's what I'm about
market

[Part III]
T Carlisle for a quick question what are
your favorite animated films could be
anything from Pinocchio to four it's the
cat keep up the great work
um I like The Incredibles a lot that's a
great movie
I'm having a hard time thinking of other
ones I love The Incredibles there you go
I think that's a good one there are
other ones I just can't think of any
else on top of my head there's so many
good ones oh did you hear I know you
probably don't care but Avalon is
showing Miyazaki films all March oh
really
yeah bunch of Studio Ghibli stuff is
shown on the big screen in Milwaukee in
March I'm super well I would be a good
excuse to I'm always trying to fill my
pockets of movie different types of
movies I'm not familiar with mm-hmm yeah
there's there's a ton I can't way I'm
hoping I'm hoping they line up just
right so I can take my boys they who
still have not seen my neighbor to tour
oh wow sure which is the one with the
giant cat so they're gonna love it
I like a lot of Studio Ghibli stuff cute
and imaginative yeah Howl's Moving
Powell's Moving Castle beautiful I
remember and that came out let's plate
at the oriental yeah spirited away
that's one with the horse what oh no
that's spirit there's a really good
spirit for the horse no spirit spirit is
an animated movie with a horse though
but I like a lot of that stuff because
it's out there who's got a horse spirit
and I don't know what you're talking
about that's because you weren't in the
room pond oh Ponyo oh yeah pond nose
beautiful the retelling of the Little
Mermaid not good the studio oh yeah I
know what that is ano is beautiful
oh no hello hello Draco says which is
better the warehouse the Borg ward or
The Rave Eagles bald room well not the
board on the floor hard for anyone I'm
in the room I still don't know what
you're talking
Music Venues season walking me how do
you know about the board war did you
even plump it in with real venues the
Borg Ward has been a Milwaukee DIY art
space slash band venue for the past one
six seven eight years eight eight years
it's this little rat hole of a place and
I say that with all love all of the Borg
Ward named up thought about the board
board in a really long time
it was this beautiful place it was like
an artist coop space where you could
rent spaces but like the they never had
a functioning bathroom yeah they had one
toilet in a building with four storeys
one toilet and they would have white
people live upstairs they lived upstairs
in tiny closets of rooms and they used
this one toilet and it was this little
DIY space like on the fringe of walkers
point like right near the bad area it
was great it was great and they were
there other work Ward and the rave
eagles ballroom was the other one I just
want it doesn't even matter
the Borg Ward is not a place you would
include in venues when you think of
Milwaukee Music Venues unless you're
into really fringe stonkingly frit like
they would they would have like noise
bands played there one of my favorite
memories of the Borg Ward is going to
see a friend's noise band do a noise
score for predator oh I remember that I
think I wasn't there but I remember when
it happened it was amazing they played
predator on a projector and played a
noise ambience core replacing all music
and dialogue for predator with like I
loved the board ward I loved and hated
the Borg Ord I shot a music video at the
board Warren
I think it's I think it's on my
youtube-channel still that's right you
did I think you can find it on there ah
the poor so in any case the Borg Ward
everyone assumed a month after it opened
that it would be shut down is it still
there
no it just finally got shut down after
eight years oh really okay okay believe
it lasted that long no I mean the place
was falling apart yeah it was a dump it
was a dump but you know it just kept
limping along huh that's funny
and finally they they booked a show last
weekend that apparently no one knew
because like I know like the way they
booked shows is like you just have to
know someone who knows someone who
writes your name on like a paper
calendar it's ER it's terrible it's
great it's terrible it's everything I
love and hate you know you just have to
like know someone who knows someone and
like oh can I do a show here that time
I'll let me check the count I don't know
I'm sure just come just come and play
the show whoever asked that question how
do you know about the Borg Ward yeah
unless you're someone that actually
lives in Milwaukee how did you know
about the Borg Ward I'm curious so what
happened is that booked a show and
apparently the band is very well known
like normally a show there gets like 15
20 people yeah but there was a good
hundred people there and enough people
came that the cops got called for a
noise violation no the cops did it let
the show finish but noticed that the
place was crumbling like wait a minute
this both buildings about to collapse so
the city inspector finally after eight
years showed up and said that the it was
not fit for habitation an appropriate
end to the Borg or yes so they know
final show no last hurrah it was well
that's yeah leave it lasted that long
that's perfect
I like that I like strange things I you
know I hated like I hated going there
because like it was an all-ages DIY
venue yeah and so you couldn't really
drink at shows but you could if you went
into the garage that was falling even
more apart did they in like the back
alley behind the place so they have a
refrigerator out there no no you had you
just had to keep it in the cold okay I
thought I remember there being like a
fridge outside that had beer in it but I
could be misremembering no no like you
just had to bring a hello Draco says I
was a tour manager for a noise core
slash grindcore band okay you should
know about the bore chord then that's
that's an appropriate reason to have
heard of the Borg or the board award oh
man just the shittiest place possible
for a word to lose all meaning would it
never had name for you to begin with
bored bored bored bored bored bored
bored yeah yeah
good times I played many shows at the
Borg ward all to four people putting
them all together all the shows together
we played in front of four people and
those four people were in the other band
that was playing then yeah right yep yep
it was a weird weird place back on
memories of those types of experiences
fondly and I'm glad that I never have
them now
you know those types of experiences
there's like I'm done with that whole
adult thing fairly I was straight - no
you went straight to the adult thing
yeah yeah I could see that well have you
been to any concerts weird l okay when I
was seven I was dragged kicking and
screaming with my grandmother because
she couldn't let me out of her sight for
a second - a Wayne Newton concert it was
okay I think I did a miserable thing of
all time yeah I can see that same with
Liza Minnelli
yeah oh god yeah I'd rather see Wayne
Newton yeah yeah no I can't I don't
believe rich ever went to the Borg ward
no no have you been to any of the music
venues no I need I might drag me to
Summerfest once he's a local age it was
too loud Summerfest in general does suck
no well as an adult yeah there's no good
reason to go - it's it's not a good
venue like if there's a specific band
you want to see it's not the best place
to see them yep it's crowded as fuck and
obnoxious yep and the beer is overpriced
yeah everything is overpriced yeah Lots
it lots of great festivals in Milwaukee
in the summer um
every weekend there's a festival and
they're all smaller and more intimate
and more enjoyable mm-hmm Summerfest is
the big one
but it kind of sucks mm-hmm it like
maybe if there's that one band that's
not coming back into towns like yeah
maybe yeah every year I say I'm not
going to Summerfest and almost every
year I end up going at least one day mmm
but last two years I don't think I've
gone at all and I'm okay with that yeah
you know what mr. Beebe's that's not
always true mr. Beebe says studio songs
are always less than live music there
are many cases in which I prefer the
recording you know in the recording you
can make it sound really good yes and if
you're on an outdoor stage with a
hundred drunk assholes in front of you
like it's not the best venue for live
music
I saw coheed and cambria yeah at
Summerfest you know they wail but
they're their records are precise and
biting and all over the place math rock
it's great yeah and they're not really
Mathew anyone who's a music person is
gonna yell at me for calling the math
rock and that's very sorry but they're
more proggy but they're straightforward
Josh isn't here I'm very sorry everybody
no I'm just gonna get yelled at because
I'm saying words and then that's not
exactly what they are but I saw them at
Summerfest and they were washed out and
it wasn't a good performance yeah that
happens yeah the worst is when a band is
just sort of going through the motions
mm-hmm they don't look like they're
having fun playing you're like well why
am I here right I've had that happen
yeah like I just saw you know who I
enjoy is that Courtney Barnett have you
heard any of her music I don't think so
she's like an Australian garage rocker
okay but all of her lyrics are very
almost like freeform like she'll just
like sing about stuff and it's like I
ate a sandwich the other day and the
sandwich was really good
that was my sandwich but that sounds
great but it's Australian so it sounds
great this is the most adorable accent
ever and she put out a really good
record and she was on ko bear the other
day and her live really sucked oh yeah
doesn't have any of the fun you can
barely hear what she's saying she's
struggling to play her own guitar ah
yeah just wasn't any good i blanked who
was Jack talking about
I just recently talking about Courtney
Barnett not enjoying live before at
Summerfest I saw coheed and cambria who
I was also disappointed with live who's
recorded music I really enjoyed sounds
like jazz lyrics yeah a lot of her
lyrics are very jazzy but possibly sushi
has one song called no one really cares
if you were ever going to the party her
album is called sometimes I sit and
think and sometimes I just sit okay
which is that's all of her music is
about is just like a suicidal elevator
operator okay I'm just weird shit and I
enjoy it anyway tips tips tips eyes on
mage says here's more incentive to blow
up a VHS tape of Armin style I would
really love to see it happen in any form
here's my lol fuck my cock money on the
table and Jack hope you're feeling
better I do thank you
I've on mage she is quirky and I like it
Courtney Barnett she's she's the
Australian well that's great are you
dying all over the place yeah I'm dying
all over the place cuz I've got nothing
with Ricky's over the suck
oh very sorry jack are you going to
catch they might be giants on their
farewell tour this year this is the
first I've heard of them having a
farewell yeah I didn't hear about that
and if it is true then yes oh that's
unfortunate I think they might be giants
is an exception to my general not wasn't
a general rule I saw they might be
giants live and they were amazing
yeah amazing I would like to see them
live especially if this is the last
chance I didn't know that they were
closing up mm-hmm that's interesting
I've never heard about them splitting up
I guess I don't pay too much attention
to them anymore
yeah but of course I love see I saw them
at a at the Barrymore in Madison hmm
great little theater great place to see
him they did a shtick where they just
turned on the local radio and tuned into
different stations and then just started
playing along with whatever someone came
on it's a great chick yeah that's good
and then that turned into the final
songs the fingertips montage at the a
concert I had John flans Berg yes
Landsberg the the left-handed guitar
player not the piano player okay
that's John that's other John at one
point I knew what's his name I just told
both his John there's a John's John come
on nerd come on nerd I used to know this
blind Nell Lynelle and flans Berg John
line now maybe I don't know anyway John
fly-ins Berg signed my shoe okay
I lifted up my shoe cuz I didn't have
anything for him to sign and he was out
signing autographs
and I had him sign my shoe and he said
he really hated that signing the shoe
yeah well dirty shoe
well everyone he's just like I is like I
really hate this because you know it's
just gonna wear off and it's not gonna
mean anything yeah I told no no I would
keep it all right I still have that you
have his signed shoe still I know he
said he hated it and that made me find a
new pair of shoes and hold onto his
signature take a picture of that shoe
and tweeted at them I will say I still
got the shoe you motherfucker I love you
stupid asshole I still have the shoe how
long ago was that
Oh God how long ago was it that was when
they were promoting mink car so that was
and and I mean that was 10 12 years ago
ok I quit you quit yeah this one my
playthrough is not gonna happen
oh very sorry I'm going I'm going to
immediately look up whether or not
they're really giving up for your well
tour yeah I love them I that's the case
I would like to see them great live band
yeah I've never seen him live great live
band
I may be misremembering this but I
believe that real big fish opened up for
them well that's odd
yes it's an odd combination I need to
look this up now am I playing an Ironman
mode or can I just reload I only play an
iron metal everything else feels like a
cheap
oh you fucking stuff right in front of
the stairway with your panic you you you
well I can't get the other soldier out
very sorry we're talking about the band
that They Might Be Giants as I extension
real big fish possibly one of the
greatest bands ever real big fish less
so but at the time you know a friend of
Mines cousin isn't a real big fish wise
they've been through so many different
band members uh-huh
I think he's one of the ones that's been
with them since the beginning and I
think he's still with them okay um one
of the horn yeah one of the horn guys so
I I saw them I've seen them a few times
just as a result of of having that
connection hmm and I was you know I was
another stuff when I was in like high
school oh sure so see them a few years
after that is a little I guess kind of
fun just then like a nostalgic level I
guess oh sure but it's amazing there's
still those bands out there there's
still those ska bands doing their thing
still work and they're still working
it's almost more amazing that there was
a brief period of time where ska music
was sort of mainstream right such an odd
thing it was brief but Mighty Mighty
Bosstones were in clueless like what a
weird time right you know you know let's
let's just make mustard plug happen
upbeat rock and roll with horns yes
whereas my uncle used to call it when I
was into it in high school he would call
it New Wave pull Cup nice nice why do
you listen to that New Wave polka crap
how am I gonna get the twitch video to
edit is there way to download yeah if
you go to type in twitch down a website
called Knight dev Knights like the
opposite of day night night dev has a
series of twitch tools that allows you
to download twitches we use them they
have a bunch of tools for us that we use
for like our notifications which are
turned off today but a night dev to
download twitch videos there are great
resources I had a sniper which in this
game is lousy and three rookies it's
amazing they didn't all die-- yeah oh
and she promoted to a sharpshooter
that's just she's useless Scott equals
reggae at twice the speed with a brass
section yeah that's pretty accurate
actually you don't remember real big
fish I don't music pick it up pick it up
pick it up we're in the film bass
ketball their cover of take on me is
classic ska
that's yeah that's in bass ketball yeah
listen you're looking at the proud owner
of the bass ketball soundtrack I about
to I probably don't still do somewhere
but I had it in high school everybody
habits take on me isn't that that that
song that's useless without the music
video the video because the song sucks
it's a song of its era the song of its
era and the real big fish version does
it's better yeah much better remember
the 90s Ryan I know these are the thing
these are the things guys
what we're talking about we're talking
about we've reached ska music that's
where we're at
it's a thing we remember the more
important thing to remember is that they
might be giants is an amazing band that
reminds me I just watched did you ever
see the movie SLC punk with Matthew
Lillard no no it's a good movie it's
it's yeah it's it's like a coming-of-age
movie and okay you know but it's a
period movie and it takes place in the
eighties and the guy who made it just
made a sequel like 15 years later or
something like cuz I think the first
movie came out in like 99 okay
for whatever reason you decide to make a
sequel even though Matthew Lord's main
character the first movie and it's a
coming-of-age story as an arc he's not
in the second movie it's all like the
peripheral characters okay but it's
about one of the main characters in the
first movie had a kid so it's about his
kid the first one we took place in the
80s and it was all about like punk rock
in the 80s and stuff and so this one
it's like the 90s this is like oh okay
that's I was you know a punk rock
teenager in the 90s like maybe I'll get
something on this movie and then well
the movie sucks for one thing it's
horrible it's horrible and pointless and
nothing happens in the whole movie oh
but there's like no indication that it's
like a period thing or that it takes
place in the 90s there's like a rancid
song in one scene and that's it so
there's like nothing connecting it to
the that era of I mean punk sucked in
that era anyway but it was still a thing
nothing to connect it to that so doesn't
work as a movie and it doesn't work as a
this felt like a 90s punk period thing
like like it would be that hard to get
some no effect exactly it can't cost
that much they do know effects in there
yeah me first and the Gimme gimmies
actually probably too late no that was
90s I was listen to them in in high
school me first something give me give
me oh me first and the Gimme Gimmes Polk
Alex in the I just curious about what
brought you all to Milwaukee of all
places for movies I know rich has said
that he and Mike are from Chicago what
about Jane Jack
thanks for the fine entertainment it
wasn't my stupid idea I moved up here
for school I moved up here for college
and I just stayed because I like Maki we
make fun of it all the time but I
actually really like Milwaukee and your
career prospects drop to zero I in this
industry yes but but thanks to the magic
of the internet we can work from
anywhere not even before we started
doing the website stuff I was doing just
fine
I owe a lot to this city a lot of people
the walkie has been good to me
Milwaukee's a nice city it's quiet
people like each other in general people
don't get in your way that's my biggest
thing you can film anything around here
people just want to that's that's one
thing I will complain about and this is
if you're not in New York or LA if
you're somewhere in the Midwest and
you're filming outdoors you inevitably
get the the dummies wandering up to you
saying
what's your filming what's this for this
is gonna be on the news I hate it but
every single time you shoot outside it
happens the flip to that is you can go
to just about any business establishment
and say hey can i film it here and I
should do whatever oh sure yeah that's
fine I mean indoors though you do but
you do if you do that in LA or New York
yes there are do they know right yeah
I'm talking exclusively about shooting
outdoors when people bug me we shot when
I was in New York City we were shooting
I think it's still somewhere on the
website we did our Ghostbusters tour the
greatest thing nobody stopped us nobody
looked at us we were in their way and I
was like this is great these people
despise the fact that we're shooting
outdoors and they're just going to
ignore us and I love it well there you
go
but that's my only complaint is shooting
outdoors and having the inevitable
what's your fill button well and you
know
in general most people leave Milwaukee
to say acts or work in movies and so if
you're looking for help sometimes it can
get a little bit that's just everything
we talked about on the space cop
commentary how hard it is to find good
actors there they're here but it's it's
harder to to sift them sift them out
nearly impossible yeah nearly impossible
they have to end up using rich evidence
you actually want to move for one of
your projects and you were great in it
you were great in poop again what you
didn't know was I was living in Chicago
it was a trek for me to get my ass out
here you a favor for somebody who at the
time I didn't know all that well and I
appreciate it still to this day I look
back fondly on that production let's see
here paahe point says sorry they're not
breaking oh they might be giants are not
breaking up it just won't be touring
anymore oh so what well you like him
lives I guess it means a lot to you yeah
I'd still like to see them one more time
it's not it's not her writing though no
no if they were done making music that
would be I mean you know I there's so
much yeah but they all hate each other
dad no there's only two of them there's
the band of dance what the band of
Dean's I don't know what that means
there I don't know if they're all Dame's
anymore but there was a point in which
their live band that they played and
recorded and toured with named Dan okay
was that by design as a joke because
they're both named John nope now so the
John's and the Dan's
oh they might be giants they're just the
greatest they're just the greatest band
ever
do it move it
now I need to Google whether or not they
ever toured with real big fish someone's
asking about the turbo kids soundtrack I
have a digital version of it I don't
have a record player although I've been
interested in getting one
yeah and making a small little
collection of vinyl but I have not done
that josh has the turbo kit soundtrack
on vinyl oh okay
josh is a vinyl person there yeah he is
there there are certain things like a
lot of rear Alisa's that come out on
vinyl that look like you know that have
like interesting packaging and it's more
of a presentation it's a collector's
thing and there's some of that type of
stuff I've been interested in maybe
looking into but I have not as of now
mm okay so 16 years I saw real big fish
against almost 16 years ago that might
be sad
I wouldn't saw this was like probably
close to 15 years ago Oh bullshit
bullshit Jay Oh bullshit it was 15 okay
it was 14 years ago there you go I
wouldn't saw Bob Dylan oh just because
it was like you know I like Bob Dylan
his older stuff but no biggest Bob Dylan
fan but it was one of those things where
it's like I'll go see Bob Dylan cuz then
I can say I saw him she's one of those
people he's been around so long and it's
like then I can say that I have seen Bob
Dylan live listen what he's dead
I have yeah I have no fond memories of
the concert
I have no concrete memories of being a
great concert or a memorable concert so
I could say I saw him but I don't
remember much about the concert cuz it
was completely forgettable well there
you go
he played a lot of newer stuff nobody
cares nobody cares nobody cares missed
fucking rookies
but now I can say when he when he passes
away I got to see Bob Dylan's he popped
in I never saw David Bowie yeah but I've
seen Bob Dylan I don't remember a damn
thing about the show are you some but I
saw him that's all that matters
yeah we're going out in a blaze of glory
here all right do it that's why for a
while I was I was going to a bunch of
shows a lot of shows and you know you
always you kind of always hope that you
see them in the small venue before right
before they kick it big
oh sure never happy I've seen lots of
bands and small venues me too not a long
gap big none of them got big not even a
little bit that's a lot of good shows
though oh sure a lot of fine quality
shows let's see here loan or archon to
Jack J and rich can you recommend a
movie that is good but from a genre you
generally do not enjoy if not please
disregard this note and take my money
because I also enjoy listening to you
talk hmm a movie that is good but for my
genre you typically do not enjoy the one
everyone says is when Harry Met Sally
sure comes to romantic comedies that's a
good movie right trying to think of
something a little less obvious though
oh sorry you took in a breath and so I
was ready for movie I like there's gotta
be a horror movie I like who's gotta be
oh you like near dark I was gonna yeah
yeah I've still never seen but I know
you like that
stand up time I was gonna say Evil Dead
2 but that's that's more comedy yeah and
everybody's seen it and I have still not
seen the witch
Jay have you seen the weight I have not
seen the witch yet I really want to it
looks right up my alley I just haven't
had time the important part is not just
to stand up but do some lunges light
lenses not too deep you don't want to
you don't want to overexert yourself but
just you know get the blood flowing a
little bit I'm more trying to think of
just a genre that I don't like yeah I'd
like I like most things I mean I don't
like romantic comedies in general cuz
most of them are cheap cynical crap but
you know you got something like When
Harry Met Sally it's good yeah I'm just
about done I can't really think of
anything else just about done okay we'll
get more people killed
it's fucking at this point I'm just
charging straight in straight in
dashing completely do it do it you know
I don't like a lot of broad mainstream
comedies but I really like role models
with Paul Rudd and Sean William Scott
the only reason I even saw it is cuz
David Wain directed it I was like that's
interesting that's a weird choice there
you go now it's it's a mainstream comedy
it doesn't have a lot of them weird like
why not American summer stuff but yes
it's those two have good chemistry and
it's just it's it's solid chiapas game
is worth it I'm just having I'm adding a
really bad run right now and that
happens you get it's that rng man that
that random number generator can really
fuck you sometimes this is one of the
harder difficulty so yes totally worth
it loving the game what's what's your
current hour count in X come to we just
saw right before we started how many
hours do when we started tonight it was
like a hundred and nineteen if that that
should tell you all you need to know
about how much you like sex come to
yeah he so far has a hundred and
nineteen hours into it I beat the game
on veteran and I've currently moved up
to Commander difficulty there you go
from people asking I'd show you the last
mission at least the last couple turns
of it but that would be like spoilers
and a half yeah so that's Jay are you
still editing with Final Cut yes you are
okay that was a good question I was
curious about that as well I'm a ninja
on it damnit it's a game is a buggy
unbalanced mess it's got bugs
oh great that I completely disagree
about it being unbalanced completely
disagree just because the game is hard
doesn't mean it's not balanced and if
you think it's too hard
knock it down a difficulty not yeah
they're not to prove how much of a man
you are when you're playing your single
player video game I'm playing on rookie
and I constantly feel challenged but
reward you know like I feel I feel like
I've earned every victory I was
important that's that's the only balance
that manner matters is did you earn the
victory I was saying earlier how amazed
I was and how well the timer actually is
balanced once you get used to it yeah
yeah so you're completely fuckin wrong
about it that big balance and you're
right about bugs some bugs some crashes
some weird glitches lunar arch on no I
haven't named one mostly because I don't
have a genre that I don't like I cannot
think of a single genre that I usually
stay away from I just like movies so I
cannot answer your question rich when
are you gonna finish the Last of Us
never
let's see here that's not what
unbalanced means the problem is some
tactics are plainly better than others
ie naught swords so the variety is
wasted compared to the first one
no there's a whole lot you could do with
debuffing enemies try try some of the
fucking poison grenades poison ammos
flashbangs why I'm prefer I'm not doing
now but yeah I'm saddled with rookies
and poor funds I had a bad start yeah I
probably should grab some flash banks
that's on me but there are tactics that
work you can try it using a scout Ranger
and actually try levelling up some
sharpshooters that might work out for
you so no I disagree yeah there you go
there you go
rich anonymous says have you tried any
of the XCOM remakes or knockoffs like
Xena knots xenos is one I don't know why
I never have I have it I should I wanted
to play it I don't know why I never have
because there's so many fucking games
play a lot of games in the steam era of
everything's on sale yeah it's got a
nice great time great time to live great
time to be alive we get the steam and
and we got toaster ovens these are true
statements so person in chat it was
apparently just doing the same strategy
over and over again what what is this
thing you're doing also if you're using
the same strategy over and over again in
our board with it well why not try a
different strategy just putting I mean
you you get you get to make all the
decisions when you play a video game
which is the fun thing about about a
video game you're you're in that driver
seat man who is it everyone should have
a toaster oven they're great I have an
oven and I have a toaster yeah do I need
a toaster oven I'd say get rid of the
toaster you know I think I want to
because I never use it
get get yourself a toaster oven yeah
get rid of that toaster it's useless
just bread bagels right yeah toaster
oven does every lots of different things
yeah lots of different things wait
that's not what I needed I needed
rich versus Jack multiplayer next room
oh god no rich rich will destroy me I'm
still playing on rookie I never touched
the multiplayer and mostly getting my
ass handed to me no no interesting
multiplayer
that's that's right toaster oven is
great for a quesadilla you're right
let's see here using proximity mines
then kill zone before ambushing enemy is
pretty Opie
yeah there's different things you can do
you can get proximity mines I you know
what I actually haven't run across them
I have probably a grenade research that
I didn't I didn't get to before beating
the game that's pretty cool but yeah
I did find poison grenades fairly
effective oh yeah toaster ovens are
greater than microwaves that's right dr.
Jack Straw toaster ovens are the
greatest and we live in the era of the
toaster oven I'm not saying like life
before the toaster oven would have been
like that much less but I mean yeah it's
good it's a good time to be here also we
live in the era of indoor plumbing this
is true that's been around for a couple
years now just a few and you know every
time that the waste material that my
body creates leaves the house I just
think to myself what a great day I press
a button and my poop leaves my house
it's just gone just gone and it's like
what a great day people take these
things for granted
yep damn it Jack I've emailed you guys
for years and never gotten any pizza
rolls do I I'm not mostly gotten lost in
the middle I I'm not in charge of pizza
roll allocation and I'm really sorry
about that make sure it contact at red
letter media con and they'll be able to
help you out I get you your your pizza
rolls I am I am only I'm vice president
of pizza roll distribution I'm working
my way up and if if I can get to
president I will help you I need your
votes Jay I sent you a copy of wake in
fright over a year ago I know I haven't
watched it I will eventually well I
guess if you're watching a movie dicks
tomorrow if you are joining us tomorrow
I recommend watching your DVD for the
best quality possible-- okay that's that
is a possibility there you go all
possible
there's so many movies there's so many
movies there's so many movies to watch
there's so much there's so many things
to consume that's true movies games
books just to name a few
oh pretty waterfall Gus Baker you don't
have to wonder where all the poop goes
you can look at your city plans and find
out where your sewer system goes and you
probably have some sort of poop
reclamation plant we got milorganite
here in Milwaukee oh yeah they take all
of our poop and turn it into human
fertilizer called milorganite
they manufacture it in Milwaukee right
yes I remember there was some weird
thing way back when when I used to work
at the hardware store where we did not
carry milorganite because even though it
was made in Milwaukee for us to to order
it and have it sent to the store it
would have to come from a distribution
place outside of Milwaukee like he would
have to leave Milwaukee yeah and then
get shipped back to us from somewhere
else it was something weird like that
really yeah where it was like super
expensive so we just didn't carry it
sure even though it was manufactured in
Milwaukee we could not just get it
directly from a Milwaukee distributor
like maybe they had like an agreement
with a distributor where they just
shipped it all like to Chicago or what
something like that yeah and then they
dealt with him yeah yeah it's something
weird that's how we deal with our poop
yep milorganite and shoving bags bags
sorry that visual just kind of that's
what they do all day shove it in bags
Jack please congratulate Jay on finding
the truth about Lauren Landon being in
drive Oh Loreen Landon yes that was the
highlight of my life what happened I saw
this on Twitter and I didn't quite
understand okay well like a year ago I
rewatched Drive okay I had not seen
since the theater for whatever reason I
really liked that movie but for whatever
reason I had not gotten around to
re-watch it so he watched it like a year
ago okay
and there's have you seen it drive yet
yeah you know the part when the driver
he puts on his stunt mask and he walks
up to the Italian restaurant it's closed
it's after hours and he's wearing his
creepy mask and just looking in the
window yeah and there's like an
after-hours party Ron Perlman is like
like standing next to some woman and
he's like laughing and so when I
rewatched the movie I was like that
looks like Loreen Landon who's an
actress from the first to maniac cop
movies okay and I knew and it's such a
random thing cuz she hasn't any line
she's in like one or two shots mm-hmm
it's like that would be weird to cast
like not that she's like a famous
actress or anything but in such a
specific thing whereas like and I knew
that Nicolas Winding roughen is a fan of
the maniac cop movies so it's like did
he put that in there it's like a little
Easter egg and she's not listed in the
credits
she's not on IMDB she's not credited on
IMDB for it I searched on the internet I
could not find any information about
this okay and so I just made it tweet
about it I was like does anyone know if
this is Loreen Landon from the maniac
cop movies it was driving me nuts
because there was no no source for it
anywhere online mm-hmm and then I kind
of forgot about it for a while and then
the other day on just a random playlist
the song that plays over the opening
credits a DRI played and so I start
thinking about drive again I started
thinking about that scene again uh-huh
and for whatever reason my first
instinct was to tweet Ron Perlman and so
I tweeted him with that picture as like
is this lorry landed for maniac Cobb and
he didn't get back to me but a bunch of
people that follow me were like you
should ask Nikolas one Ian Ruffin he's
on Twitter two or whatever reason my
first thought was to send Ron Perlman a
message because he's in the scene with
her and then someone directed Loreen
Landon's on Twitter to says someone
directed her towards it and so she got
back to me and she
yeah that's me oh and I was so relieved
to finally have an answer this question
you just went about it completely
ass-backwards yeah but you got to the
truth I got the I got to the truth maybe
the first person
well that not it was actually thanks to
the people to follow me there are the
ones that directed to tiller in land and
as a result of this magical Twitter
moment now there's resolution to the to
Loreen Landon from the maniac cop movies
having a cameo in drive now we know now
now we there was no information about it
on the internet and now there is so
thanks to everyone that helped him cover
this mystery we did it it's not it's the
highlight of my week I mean Jay didn't
do it Jay didn't do anything I planted
the seed though you've overrun nobody on
the entire internet had asked if green
lanten from the maniac cop movies wasn't
Drive until I put it out there I mean
you're right yes you're right you you
you just planted a weird see he's in the
scene with her and I wanted to type in
all caps help me Ron Perelman so that's
what happened I think that's more
importantly yeah more important you
wanted to type help me wrong yeah if I'm
gonna find out this answer I want to do
it in a humorous way and the idea of
tweeting ron perlman seemed like the
best option there you go oh that's true
did you or did you listen to the
directors commentary to drive to
dimension it may be there is not a
director's commentary for drive oh well
there you go that would've been the
first thing I would have done of course
oh and yes someone in the chat is also
corroborating that there is no
commentary right help me beast from
Beauty and the Beast
it's true yeah I'm sure he was was that
Linda Hamilton
and Beauty and the Beast yeah yeah yeah
that was it wasn't a good joke but that
was my oh it was a joke that was my joke
was a joke
asking Ron Perlman if that was Linda
Hamilton now I see him the whole time
asking him a really obvious one right
because maybe he would know that one
yeah help me hell boy yeah yeah
do you have J a favorite directors
commentary um that's a tough one or just
one that you've really enjoyed I really
like Roger Ebert's commentary for
Citizen Kane oh it's very thorough it's
very detailed and very interesting of
course he didn't make that movie well
that exhibit but it's a good commentary
yeah um that's another good one the
maniac cop to commentary is actually
very good
sure cuz that movie for being a is super
low budget movie there's some really
fantastic stunts and car chases and
things like that for such a low budget
movie so in theory and how they here you
know but just thought they put into that
kind of stuff is good oh good I don't
there's a ton of commentaries it started
to say before before the age of the
podcasts I always thought that the Kevin
Smith commentary track for something
very special
yeah those are good they they existed
you know before everyone had a pocket
before podcasts were thing they existed
as these like conversational yeah
there's lots of stories it wasn't just
directly about the making of the movie
the cannibal the musical commentary with
Trey Parker and Matt Stone the infamous
drunk commentary that's fun
rich is going riches playing this
knowing that everyone is going to do oh
I don't care right now yeah I see a
couple people talking about how rich is
playing this one yeah I have I have
given up last mission yeah he is he's
playing the brightest star burns the
least strategy the bravest I'm kind of
fucked anyway right I I would have
started a new game like an hour ago
playing on my own at all right she still
doesn't see him the the gremlins
commentary I think there's two different
commentary tracks on it but there's one
with Joe Dante and then a lot of the
cast so and it's Howie Mandel did the
voice of gizmo know if you knew that I
didn't so he's on the commentary and
then it's like Phoebe Cates and Zach
Galligan and Dick Miller who plays mr.
Futterman in the movie he's on the
commentary uh-huh he's an older guy and
this commentary I don't know it's
probably 1012 years old maybe even more
at this point mm-hmm but like everyone's
just chatting throughout the whole movie
like halfway through Howie Mandel says
something about doing gizmos voice or
like something related to him doing
gizmo sure and Dick Miller just turns to
him he goes oh that's you like it took
him halfway through the movie for him to
even realize why Howie Mandel was there
yeah no clue why Howie Mandel was on the
comments hairy and just how polite of
him just to be like well I guess Howie
Mandel's me I'm listen I'm not here to
make waves gonna let who into the
commentary track yeah
but Howie Mandel yeah just all of a
sudden that that realization and Dick
Miller's part of like oh that's you
that's great yeah that's great oh no I
did not know that Kevin Smith was going
to direct an episode of
the flash that's good I don't know I
enjoy it I like the flash I've been
watching the flash and Kevin Smith is at
most times a competent director so and
really those shows you know flash is on
its second season now so it if they had
a bad director it wouldn't matter they
have momentum they know what the actors
they know what they're all doing at that
point guest directors are more just to
keep the gears working than anything you
know but good good for him with fee
likes the show I guess I'm actually
thinking about I enjoy the flash a lot
and I've been we're thinking about
catching up on Supergirl because they
are now crossing over okay the flash is
in oh no soldier no no flash is CW is
that also Supergirl no no that's the
interesting part summer girl is CBS okay
but flash something worked out where
they can have him cross over the arrow
our CW and so their network crossing
over which is fast interesting yeah and
Supergirl sucked I saw like the first
two episodes and it was terrible it's
like yeah I like the flash if flash is
going over there I still watch the arrow
and the arrow is garbage and I don't
know why I still watch it but I do just
you know why just because he might run
into the flash that's my garbage show
I'm just like honey you might want to go
to bed I'm gonna watch my garbage TV
he'll tear I have to watch arrow oh I do
and I feel bad every time I watch and I
don't enjoy myself but it I don't know I
don't know why it draws me in like you
hate watch it I hate watching I do
why bother hate watching something I'd
uh I wish I could explain it rich I
can't
it's its soap opera trash that's exactly
what arrow is just sexy people being all
Moody and sometimes they punch each
other but if I try to go on a mission
with no soldiers launch mission see what
happens no interesting that even goes
here is interesting I'm pathetic
oh but it's like it's shot horribly no
really it's just and they tried to do
they they they're adorable they're
trying to be a real show
they really noted they're trying to be
like edgy like there was the big deal
about daredevil they had this one shot
action sequence in daredevil hmm it was
masterful okay just one shot in a tight
hallway big fights big moves yeah it was
but and it was tense and tight just one
shot and so arrow tried to do that
recently like a one shot people are
escaping at building so we'll have like
just exploding everything and it looked
like it looks like it was shot like with
a handycam big wide-angle none of the
debris gets anywhere near the actors no
tension like a GoPro maybe mmm
could have been lens corrected GoPro not
not wide angle okay just look shitty
yeah everything about that she looks
shitty but I can't stop watching it cuz
the sexy people punching each other the
daredevil one what kind of camera angle
is it is it like constantly moving
around or no no it's is it like if he's
seen old boy the famous all I ever seen
the old boy know do you know about the
famous hallway fighting that that's
always out okay so even if it's similar
to that
it's it starts on his back okay and he
walks and the old boy one is like it's
almost like a side-scroller video game
type angle okay see the end I wasn't
feeling you're just gonna go and tell
fails yeah cool all right
shut up Oh parent apparently that scene
was a love letter to old boy nah
it'sit's not side scroller it's all from
kind of like Daredevils perspective but
from behind him you know okay and so
like you see the hallway in front of you
and I think when it when it goes it
might look into doors a little bit it's
great great great scene great shot
it's that was the turning point
daredevil we were like this is gonna be
a good show
okay I don't need to watch it what
happens
I don't think daredevil try to one-up
the old boy fight they they did what
they did man
this is Rich's first failure I'd saw the
basic filters
and the fragmented remains of the old
world are finally washed away thank you
for your continued support thank you
fucked up fridge oh yeah it all went bad
that one mission where I was on the roof
the hill that's where everything turns
oh yeah it was pretty good birds are
pretty good before then oh that's good
but shit happens yeah did you see a
trailer for season 2 a daredevil no I
like that actor mmm that actor who's
gonna be punished here yeah oh it's the
guy from walking dead every Morgan dead
he's gonna be good he looks like a good
like he'd make a good pun ago yeah I'm
pretty psyched trying not to get too
Sykes Pam say I'm done you're done yeah
okay is it all the same people like
creatively a different new showrunner
okay same casts except for of course the
new guy yeah you know this one what you
guys didn't see cuz we don't have the
camera on it is that Jack just sort of
fluttered his fingers around it wiggled
my fingers to mean the punisher because
Jane knows what that means
which Walking Dead guy the guy that
looks like you make a good Punisher
no no he's no longer he's no longer in
The Walking Dead he's the the partner
the guy who buddies y-yeah Rick's
buddy's the guy you stole Shane nice guy
who stole his wife quarrel my boy coral
Laura my wife it's so disappointing that
there's a regular zombie show like a
horror show on TV and I don't give a
fuck so just walking dead it's so
goddamn boring get something exciting
happens like once every eight episodes
get past it I'll try and give it a shot
again someday if you can get past season
- it's all good okay season two is a
slog and I'm sorry
half of the second half of season one
and all of season series you say I was I
was done before the end of season one
yep which is such a shame because that
first episode it's so good yeah yeah
it gets it get it gets it gets there and
I hated it more than anyone seasons oh
you haven't even got to the bad stuff
yet they're they're on a farm I've heard
about the infamous farm they're in one
fucking house for the entire season it
gets good all right we might be we might
be in a little doldrum now again but now
we're in what season five like you know
for a couple seasons there let me see
what is going on here I am got says rich
looks like it's FTL time struggle is
real right now
also how excited are you guys for Dark
Souls The Deuce if you mean Dark Souls
trace the trace Dark Souls 3 he's one of
those oh sure I'm not that into Dark
Souls I don't get hype for like anything
anymore even s come to like before can I
go I'm sure all water comes out that
wasn't like drilling before came out I I
let it happen every once in a while
still and I know I shouldn't I let I let
my heart feel something I know I
shouldn't you guys know I love
blood-borne it's one of my favorite
games favorite game of last year best
game of last year and and dark souls 3
made by the same people I don't care
about the dark souls world I don't care
about that medieval world I love
blood-borne because of the monsters and
the horror but the gameplay will
probably probably okay yeah but I don't
care about that as much as the world of
blood that's what it's run that's what
draws me in and lets me deal with the
the intense difficulty is the the horror
Oh
I I wish I wish we had the camera for
that rich started yawning and it just
looked like his mouth was a gaping
horror he didn't make any noise so I
thought he read something that shocked
him and I was like what did you read
what did you you know what I read that
shocked me comically small skeleton
April I loved you for 19 months and are
all oh wait you guys scroll up oh my god
Tiberius Kirk Magnus PU 13 months in a
row and kind of a small spell today
probably love you know we MN mokey be 85
20 months in a row looking to zero
the just this guy you know 14 months in
a row I like that bill lekha 20 months
in a row the big 20 die effects once
mobile ragged scribe Holden Holden MIDI
key mr. creepy Wilkins the clown for 13
months in a row a clockwork Stalin 16
months in a row oh god I lost my place
professor physics professor physics
sciencing it up for 15 months
tea cars out yeah t cars oil I own
Carlile
does the S silent Carlisle like hey
Lydia is silent
yeah T Carlisle for J just got here he
knows his stuff I know how to read and
pronounce words orbital plane tell both
eyes out
halibut barn
also alternately halibut burn yeah wait
is it halibut or halibut tell helmet is
that how you pronounce the fish or is it
halibut halibut halibut hello
but how about halibut barn cart ride
twelve months in a row one year thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it
it's true
