Jun 19, 2016
DOOM, Crypt of the Necrodancer
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/80634752
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/80640934
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VoOqFs6eAGU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ANHVyFEH0F0
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/744619531503427584

[Part I]
hello hi welcome hello and look at all
this wasted space it's it's doing
absolutely nothing
rich is unhappy with my classy ass
backdrop but I think it's great I think
it's great so much waste so much waste
you know what you know what I like it if
we do one thing okay if we put a whole
bunch of fake information there like a
bunch of things are like best time and I
just got random times and with a timer
that's just running sure the whole
stream but it doesn't correlate with how
much anything it's just a random timer
then it's a waste of joke you know maybe
maybe we can do that
we can do a lot we can do a lot now we
have a lot of options in front of us
we're gonna punch things like yellow
chip as fake donations oh yeah we but
you know because of this setup now we
have we have room to do all sorts of
stuff I will not go home
yeah I'm not super done I think this
looks classy as shit okay right that
money right back
no green-screen well that's one of the
that's one of the positive that's one of
the positives of this setup is because
we have our own little camera area we
don't necessarily need a green screen
which means we can have the lighting a
little darker in here which is better
for us for looking at the TV always the
twat you're running you're right that's
a good question hold on I will I will
check I will check and well once rich
gets back rich will check and make sure
but that is a good question
if the twat sure is running
I think 90% sure spared a fair amount of
sure but know there are there are
benefits it is running okay it is it is
on and it is running the here here are
the benefits as I see it to this setup
wasted space it's not wasted space 30%
smaller screamed so both rich and I
obviously are now out of the out of the
games way the subscriber and tipler's
are now out of the games way and so
nothing no text no picture is
obstructing the game and I think that's
important and I think it looks a little
cleaner a little nicer which is harsher
think back to connect
no rich and Jack face no rich and Jack
this
I don't know that means
you should still see our face
Oh rich what difficulty everybody I just
sort of have the normal but this is not
playing beer chat oh okay yeah well I
don't feel any need to go hard old hard
brittle core they wanted to know
no gobbledygook s-- says I just wanted
to see what the tip looks like with the
new background Happy Father's Day on
your way home Jack don't forget that DC
Universe is ps4 PC Xbox one and it's
free you fucks so you just have the tip
notifications and you'll see the
subscriber notification and nice clean
bars above us not obstructing the game
at all looks very professional
don't you think instead of the instead
of a slap together little thing here
little thing here that we had it before
mr. silly when you Bri I I wouldn't want
you to lie to me you know before we had
the and you know I made the graphic so I
can call it a cheap looking graphic we
had the cheap looking graphic of what
our faces with the oh that's what he was
talking with in our faces
it was like our faces in the little text
bubbles and then you know for the tip
alert we had a whole separate graphic it
was it was on it was onion off' eyed he
was onion off' eyed as what it was
and now everything is in its nice little
area it has our logo up there in the
corner which is I mean a fine angle
perfect this looks way more professional
than the old way we have it I think
while it is true that I made all of this
wild drinking I think it looks pretty
dermnet
Jeff explains much Jack has bad ideas
Rick no comment I am getting some people
in the chat saying that it does look
very professional one person I'm gonna
say at least one person I saw
which is right I hate this
strop hold someone do a straw poll jack
i watch streams 24/7 this looks like
flash I think I think normally the
people will have this kind of setup
usually have valuable information
they're preying on the speedrunners and
they have their times on there or they
have a chat running I'm sure this is the
way on the side uh-huh well and I think
that's too cluttered and I've seen other
people who have life oh you know like me
on Facebook like me on Twitter and you
know here's my URL for my youtube and I
was like I think that's too cluttered I
want to I want to look clean
you you guys just take a take like five
minutes and get used to it
inch is not always good change is not
always good but sometimes sometimes it's
good
I like it I'm gonna I'm gonna strop all
that I like oh hey go so you know more
hates and like what's the bottom one
let's divorce it worst thing since eggs
wow that's pretty strong condemnation
but by the way so it's like one like
hate don't care worse than sin say let's
do a fair stronghold yes a torn it just
a yeah your name
no don't bullshit and let's actually
give it like 20 minutes oh oh wait
well wait 20 minutes 20 minutes let it
sink in let let that the visuals stew in
your brain juices for a minute okay
my word is I will like it if we put like
like some things to say best Hines and a
whole bunch of nonsense information that
is not at all relevant to what we do or
what we are doing or what is happening
because that at least it's in show I'm
okay with jokes sure sure you know the
the one thing that I'm not happy with is
we took down the green screen and and I
think like now we're like overblown I
think the camera has like like
automatically adjusted the exposure so I
think the camera settings good use
but
include a stock streamer for the
Japanese stock market right oh yeah you
know what that sounds really fun
that'd be great let's see I'm like I
know everyone's saying like it does make
the game screen it makes the game screen
it's smaller but we are saving we are
saving space by not having our heads and
bodies and alerts in front of them the
question is which works which is which
right we're gonna treat listen this is
how it's gonna look for this stream the
partnership is that one tries even
better try it
we're gonna try it out and then we're
gonna see how many people hate it by the
end of the stream everyone's gonna hate
it now does everybody hates everything
everything this is worse well you know I
can get it yeah this is what rich is
invited and that's fine
everything ever you know what
everything's fine I don't care about
anything I want to puke aeneas is calm
but I'm gonna do it on purpose
well of course there's a tribe shirt
otherwise says hey you heck frauds here
is the retail price for green room the
best movie of 2016 you should watch it
just for Anton Yelchin what a terrible
way to go be well be happy yes
Anton Yelchin be probably best known for
his role in the new Star Trek movies yep
passed away Hoff check off in the new
Star Trek movies passed away today in an
automobile accident tragic I'm very very
very I've heard nothing but good things
about green room and now I will get to
see it thank you sir otherwise here's
the it's sad but here's the question
the first thing that came to my mind
yeah what are they gonna do another
movie just no check off do you replace
check off you have no check off or will
they'll just be no other Star Trek
movies anyway at least with this truth
right it was probably on a decline
anyway
it's not like three's been getting a lot
of great buzz to kind of kill them into
darkness can just kill the whole thing
into darkness
buh-buh-buh-buh
and to hear traitor to sneak my
sensitivity it fills me your anything
possible
says this is more clutter
go ahead and disagree everything is
uniform a uniform
shut up and let Jack sell it because
that's fair yeah well no no you've
already you've already mucked it up for
it
you said you literally started the
stream by saying that you hate it and it
invited and invited people to tell you
so tell me how much they hate without
giving them the chance to be objective
you started the stream in a negative and
that's fine my only selling point is I
think it looks cleaner I think it looks
more professional and I think the having
the game unobstructed is an important
thing also we no longer have to muck
around with the green-screen setting so
we can have this nice lighting
let's see here's the thing Tiberius Kirk
so there are enough three things down
stantly vying for attention there were
there's all we always have three things
vying for attention we have the game we
had our faces and we had the
notifications but the notifications came
in different places they look like weird
things now everything has its own
special space so if you want to pay
attention to the game you can just pay
attention to the game you want to look
at us you can just look at us you know
where the notifications are gonna be
nothing's obstructed it's the same
amount of things vying for attention but
now everything has its own special space
as a layout design it's terrible I would
not call this clean it is clean it's
clean queen
just replace the red color with porn and
everybody wins the thing I don't line by
and I don't think we can do that legally
the thing I don't like about it is just
that there's all that that those bars
with like nothing going on that's
relevant well all the all the stuff
above us has stuff that will happen and
then so basically just the space above
the game because the bars above us every
time there's a there's an alert stuff
will happen there right yeah but just
one quick flash I don't think it's
necessary for that my name is Tate makes
it a decent point which is it's not like
I'll stop watching it either way that's
the same point
so speaker to fake twitch donations yeah
you're the story of the patrol that
tried to do fake donations up to as over
sixty thousand dollars there's like
three different streamers one of them
like donated $50,000 no I haven't heard
and then he tried to have it taken away
from PayPal which is the day later like
haha no they wouldn't
PayPal said he had to pay yep there's a
kid and I'm sure he's using his dad's
credit yeah I was gonna be some
pissed-off parents right yeah yeah that
was a dumb mistake how badly do you
disown that child I mean more so as a
parent how much have you fucked up
already like you you have not done a
good job of teaching your child how to
handle money or the importance of of
money or just the importance of not
being a total dickhead already you know
you failed
put them up for adoption it's the only
way right right oh and speaking of happy
Father's Day everyone
speaking of no mass kids happy Father's
Day
Oh Oh my dad's back yeah he he doesn't
he doesn't live too near so I didn't
really go out to see him uh-huh
I just talked to him he's out watering
you like it's Father's Day why are you
doing work at all why why isn't somebody
doing that lately you know later day I'm
gonna throw some sausages why isn't
somebody grilling some sauce look I
gotta go out and get the sausage like
wait why is it why is it your damn
daughter getting them on her way home
from work
oh man for man's Father's Day yeah but
you didn't go see I just saw him was
like couple weeks ago no you know I had
a friend's dad very much like that no
all he wanted for Father's Day was to
mow the lawn and have a day
uninterrupted he's like I'm gonna mow
the lawn I'm gonna take care of things
how I want to take care of things I just
want the a day where you guys don't
bother so everyone wants someone to mow
the lawn for me sure but we're all you
know what is different just stay where
nobody bothers I don't want ammo no damn
one some people like more hey I don't
understand I hate more what I have along
the size of like this coffee table in
front of us and I hate mowing down
what does that mean chat is in Anarchy
mode what's happening why is chat an
anti chemo we were talking about long's
what
I don't know what presents did I get I
got some I got some nice camping my boys
are finally old enough to take them
camping something I'm very excited about
and so my wife got me a new tent because
the tent I have is like it was a tent
that like my mama had as a child and
it's a pain in the ass to put up and so
she got a nice new tent you know where
it's like easy to put up and out all
that garbage right and and a new
sleeping bag so I can take my boys
camping cuz I enjoy camping
I enjoy the wilderness so I'm really
excited about that it's probably it's
you know and
and my boys handmade me some cards and
we went out to a nice lunch and I was
day drinking and you know my wife said
that she was gonna be around and take
care of the boys all day so I could
danger which is always fun I mean fun
for me and so and then she drove me here
so rich could drive me home and I could
you see the river that's apparently my
Father's Day gift to you and that's
richer Father's Day I love camping
camping is great just going outside oh
oh so sorry some text here
let's see here November tango 19 says
it's okay Jack I still love you all so
I'm not sure what lol fuck my cock means
but my grandmother is becoming concerned
with the emails you've been sending her
about it also hi rich telecon says since
the newest review is about independence
eh
is there a new review oh I did about now
or not but I don't mean recently did
something oh well if if you guys know I
don't you guys know things before I do
twits
did you Oh apparently yeah apparently
the new review is up that's great um I
was wondering what you think the dumbest
moment in the film is mine was when Will
Smith's kid in the film says mommy what
happened with no emotion I've only seen
it once yeah yeah I saw I don't even
remember anything that happened in the
film no I don't remember hating it I
remember thinking it was a fun schlock
post so I don't know where I know it
does get some like some hate independent
stuff I'm sure Mike and J hate it but I
always remember enjoying it was a dumb
it was a dumb fun movie some fun
emphasis on the dump
but it knew it was like I felt it knew
it was dumb
you know let's see here anonymous is
hatred tragic hello happy five day would
you rather do cocaine or heroin neither
let's say you're forced to do one I
neither great perfect I'm gonna go with
rich and say neither unit 603 idiot says
the problem is there is too much fun
there's too much unused space just
elongate the face cam put on the bottom
and Kip next to us and Bob Hope's well
you can't just it elongated then we
would look all and make it smaller make
it much thinner make what the whole bar
hope everything make everything much
thinner but then our face cam would get
smaller yes it would
yeah and you're okay with that which is
worse well I don't know well I thought
the way I had it now is a decent
proportionate of games with the buffet
scanning
let's see here in the bed then Tia says
how are we supposed to be immersed in
the game when you aren't in the game but
outside it in a shitty read change it
back you hack frauds rich for president
this is this is Rich's presidential
promise to get rid of to get rid of the
overlay the wall
we'll see you know what I'll look at it
tomorrow when I'm sober and we'll see
how I feel about it then how about that
be over there you know that's pretty
good one about him anonymous says hey
guys I was going to tip five dollars but
I subtracted 30% for all the wasted
space on this terrible layout stop here
is three dollars and fifty seven totally
worth it that's totally worth it that's
very funny thank you
oh thank you tired inside for sharing
him turn otherwise says dig the new look
it's clean and everything is displayed
quite well you may want to consider
changing the colors of previously
recorded or the red border
I know shit about aesthetics so haven't
but he turtle the wise likes one that's
one out of a hundred but uh I did make
the red border slightly darker than the
logo do it but they're in the same shade
family let's see here
turtle waz also says here is the retail
price for freddy pharkas frontier
pharmacists enjoy some ridiculousness
that only Sierra can provide what's
happening I'm oh you forgot a doom thing
yeah ok you have yeah they won't let
your rebind tab so I have to go through
some crazy autohotkey nonsense use my
tab keys your house sure sir
after Euro we can do Freddy parkas front
to your pharmacist after we finish the
lawyer game players down Terry B well
thank you turn otherwise also mister
Berger 69 says how much money we'll take
for rich to refer to Jack as daddy for
the rest of the stream $5000 thank you
that that's a fair price Sean says have
you considered leaving the notifications
up until they get rolled under the logo
it would make the space less empty
notifications up until they get sewn so
subscribed it wouldn't fade away it
would stay up there until oh sure I
don't know how to do that but I'm sure
there's a way to do that okay I will I
will look into that that is a fine idea
I still like the idea of having like
fake speed Tiberius Kirk says that that
they do like be the tip to end subs
placement the nice clean bar Oh what did
you do fuck that jump
where was that where was that oh there
are a baby yoga Ella says dear prereq
did you get to check out the gameplay of
for honor combat system looks anytime I
don't believe I didn't see I don't know
why the heck fraud switch seats in
review I didn't even know there was
another was assigned city seating no
parent apparently because they did two
episodes and broke formal rules of
seating that's terrible you broke the
rules that you did not establish I don't
know I don't know I'm sorry let's see
here traitor to Susie she says Jack how
about black instead of red for the
display the red is too distracting also
what about having the horizontal bar at
the bottom what what horizontal bar
now you're just talking crazy instead of
at the top where it's all red and
there's nothing you have it at the
bottom I think that's what they want
oh yeah we could do that too that's why
that's fun let's see here the real net
boy says really like the overlay
consider using a gradient of colors than
a pure client that's not a bad idea with
the gradient lips and Meisner wants his
hi Jackie hi rich I believe everyone
who's a regular to prereq comes to see
you to being you too and the game is a
secondary concern any visitor who
stumbles in usually stays because of the
antics love you I think that was
basically this them saying yeah
basically saying it doesn't matter make
new stuff don't make new stuff which is
kind of
we can put the stand up timer on screen
absolutely absolutely there's a lot we
can do there's a lot we can do Kilroy
and Mick Trump says love the new video
layout keep the border and make it
stronger also of my mom's into health
food I got liver and spinach on broccoli
bread what should I do about that
too bad liver can be good liver wait
wait liver and spinach on broccoli bread
every bit of the liver and your we're
cooking no liver could be good depending
on how it's cook but I mean there's you
know you got food man
that's great I don't know what makes it
stronger news I think that I think that
might have been
make the border stronger for that Vance
I'm never going to be good
I'm not blatantly cherry-picking the
TIFF messages I read every tip message
I am blatantly picking out the chat
message to tell the people who agree
with me so there you go
you jerk run for me you fucker you
running from me I love that they run for
me that's one of my favorite things they
know their fuck so they just run away
hey I think that's hilarious
pick the border more red absolutely read
my letter would like to know more about
this broccoli bread killer in the Trump
I don't think broccoli bread is a real
thing but you know who knows it could be
I love I mean spinach I love I love
spinach and I love broccoli I just like
regular old cook fry
leftover beefcake says happy Father's
Day
Jack hopefully your kids bought eggs for
you and laughed at all of your dad jokes
I hope this is enough for a six-pack of
craft beer because it is leftover good
day thank you thank you my wife went on
bought in the egg is good I mean they
were the wrong time the wrong kind of
eggs they were though I dying she
brought me eggs and I am very
appreciative that she went out and got
me eggs I do prefer cage-free eggs it
tastes different I think they're better
for you I don't know I eat so many eggs
you think no I it's a presumption based
on what it's a preference based on phone
just so you like the fact of a tree that
chickens better and I'm fine saying
saying that you think that the eggs are
inherently better I believe I'm gonna
call bullshit I believe the nutrition
consumed by the chickens in a cage free
environment is better therefore the eggs
would be better nutritionally okay
I have no science to back this up
so she got me eggs they weren't a pretty
but I'd let you she got this I also do
like that the the chickens are not in
that's that's fine
that's not yeah I'm okay with
the off switch says the problem is too
much read the title is read the game is
read the border is read my t-shirt is
read maybe taking off my shirt will fix
it that is against twitch rules what
have you change everything is blue and
then we just have to be playing a game
someday that's very blue right we can't
choose our game if damned if you doing
you damn to skip Delvian I chose red
because that's the local six years of
games that I find to John kilo who says
well after six years of constantly being
sick I was finally cured today but then
this layout got me sick again - hey John
fuck off how about that how about there
oh you fuckin fuckin imp brace 110 I
don't know what the story is behind the
light at the stores it's not up
obviously I think I just saw a tweet
when I check to see if the renew review
is up it said it was going to be up
later but I know as much as you guys
which is nothing
so I'm sorry I cannot elaborate mine oh
wait hold on kill roar emic frump says
broccoli bread is homemade bread in this
case with shredded broccoli mixed into
the dough like banana bread but worse
yeah I can see that being bad although I
do like zucchini bread have you ever had
you teeny good
okay zucchini bread is a lot like banana
bread but with zucchini in it and I like
that I just like broccoli just you know
put some spices some salt and pepper
I'm frightened some olive oil just like
you just like June
ran off floating platform let's see here
my name is Tate says it'll be great if
you put a bunch of random useless
information up there week to week also
how much are you charging for
advertising space on this lab see that
now that's a five minute make a charge
people have your time Dick's Sporting
Goods put a little logo up there to be
great
mister shy smile I don't worry mister
shy smile says he has a headache because
he's looking at this layout no I think I
think that's an exaggeration I'm gonna
you know I'm gonna look at this I'm
gonna turn off the sound on their phone
I'm gonna take a look at the school and
I'm a cellular device
and off the sound I think that looks
great
yes I think you guys are crazy this
looks great
that last ship will come to us because
they want classy
I'm watching her right now
looks great so I'm watching the stream
while taking part in the stream now I'm
gonna show you guys the stream as you're
watching the stream so there's a view of
the stream in the stream that you're
watching we're going super meta we're
going super met on this and then keep
this up for when the next subscribe it's
the red border that's giving you
problems I'm not lying the colors the
problem man
I am the dreamer TK I am the little
immigrant not not like fully fully
button we went out to lunch for Father's
Day and I had several Bloody Marys and
after my second wedding Mary and here in
Wisconsin Bloody Mary's come with a free
complimentary little beer chaser which
is great boom out so after those the
waitress informed me that because I was
a father on Father's Day I got a free
beer they were giving fathers a preview
so you know what am I gonna do turn down
free no I'm not gonna turn down food we
just got a tip I'm gonna see how see how
that tip looks here
curious to see how the tip one
oh that looks great oh it's great that's
a fantastic show
appropriate
would you would you care to join us in
our shenanigans I think that's a
beverage grab a cold beverage and I will
make some space for you why are you down
there could you grab me a cold beverage
- any cold beverage will do did you see
the progress I made on the things yes we
had an appropriate height yet or still
more I think so we're good cuz I can buy
more I can buy more new key tapes we've
I they have not been sending enough in
so I I can just go out all the thrift
stores to find all the new key tapes I
can yeah true I love that you're
drinking that
yeah
it's just funny seeing you drinking okay
I'm gonna I'm gonna just some things
guitar I've gotta have a chain gun I
forgot about my chain gun oh no I got
cocky I got cocky I just was just
shooting them in the face even though I
was spitting fire at me and I almost
died
well I survived
perhaps a fire weapons are so much more
fun than rocket launchers just
inherently by their very nature
do you do you write you
check-check testing the mic
testing testing we won't agree one two
three oh yeah you need to notice because
I'm a super awesome overlay so now we're
not I don't know those are the super
awesome is or how I would describe it
it's kind of ugly it's just mr. ed re
are you on the same page rich is that
why you're alive does that matter I mean
I I think it's great that you don't have
to deal with the green screen where we
had configure video the green screen we
can have the nice soft lighting in here
it's so much but and doesn't it just
look so it looks so pretty and I know it
looks pretty it looks like a big block
of run it looks pretty is what you need
to say you're welcome
everything's gonna be fine Jay have you
seen the red chip I have seen the witch
it's a fucking masterpiece it is flat
out a masterpiece I'm sure I'll have
more to say about it you know some sort
of video form but it's it's it's amazing
complain by first-time filmmaker it's
one of those movies where you see it and
you're like this is made by someone who
knows what the fuck they're doing that's
his first feature wow that's very
impressive oh yeah
layout is okay back then how is what
it's the more oh maybe maybe if it had
like instead of just solid red if
there's some texture or something they
suggested a great yeah some sort of yeah
something oh well you know what I did
make it today while they do so it says a
lot okay right I'm a little behind on
the test what does that have to do with
the game you guys let's see here mister
a sister Fister says please give a
genuine answer do you stand up or remain
seated when you wipe the answer says a
lot about a person
Lloyd beets says I like the new look the
only problem is with everything thanks
Lloyd feeds I am James it says I think
it's very inspired to change the layout
of a stream to mimic playing on a
virtual boy
Benji's laughing it is that virtual boy
yeah I may have to steal the look for
the little Bumbo also any interest into
streaming the original ex-cons not
demons vs onions fighting the hell I
like it when you punch him in the
fucking face that's my favorite part the
blue blaze says I like the idea of the
new border but I have two gripes first I
think you should swap the logo and the
webcam so both videos are on the same
side
oh so both videos aren't on the same
bottom side second the border is
brighter than the game mr. anonymous
says Jack used the currently wasted
space for rich to stream a more fun game
when the main stream is a jack rich went
on vacation yes and I got a solo stream
that played some things that I just
wanted the plate yeah nobody
well you know you bothers they'd be nice
to the man do you do you Jack the one
day it's your stream you play whatever
games you want
I had a great it gets probably say it
his birthday that's it
those are the only days that you have to
be nice to me every surface every other
day can just be no business as usual
is there any way to get the colors of
the border to sync up with the mood of
rock Evans I don't know who watch Evans
in this one probably nothing and I lower
down one I already have say yes I've
seen the witch it's a masterpiece
so now I have a new default answer
instead if I haven't seen it looks right
up my alley I have seen it it's a
masterpiece I've never seen them do it
oh yeah I've never seen them naturally
hit each other and start fighting
with his fucking face up someone did I
asked me what my favourite movie of the
year so far has been and my answer is
the way oh is that right which I
assuming that came out this year I think
it did I think it was early this year
what else is on the list
close enough what's on what's like the
top five um oh boy this year so far it's
only summer yeah I know I haven't seen a
lot of great stuff the green room is up
there I've heard r.i.p Anton Yelchin I
mean you heard about that oh yeah
someone tipped us the exact amount for
both Rick and I have to buy a copy of
that movie was just so we could watch it
yeah because I've been meaning to see it
it's great that's what I hear
okay so we got the world over the bitch
yes and it's a green room right whatever
good movies this year um I'd have to
look at my list of movies oh I'm Judy
saying which came out last year it did
come out last year that's a well but we
need to get a wide release it might have
played festivals and stuff last year
sure I always think of a I always kind
of wide release if I'm wrong and there
was a wide release last year then it's
still the best movie I've seen this year
I'm trying to think I don't think I've
seen a lot of great stuff this year yet
yep
fertilise the word we're discussing that
now by decent flex day has recently I
did just watch the documentary about the
I'm assuming you've heard about the kids
that did shot-for-shot remake of Raiders
of the Lost Ark yeah there's a
documentary now about that oh cool
that's yeah it's on VOD it's really good
it's really charming what I didn't know
is that they did the whole movie except
for one scene they never shot which is
the when the planes in the background
and Andy's fighting the big shirtless
football dude oh that's like one of the
big right and they never did that
obviously because they couldn't get a
plane I'm assuming and all sorts of
problems
so now as adults they did it and so
that's sort of the the frame that's sort
of the framing piece of the whole
documentary it keeps cutting back to
them in process of shooting that scene
it's really yeah it's really well done
it's really charming it's got good music
it has this weird editing style though
of their you know they're interviewing
the well now they're adults but we're
the kids and they'll be explaining
something and they'll be talking about
it and then they just start like like
fading out their audio in the middle of
a sentence and then fading up someone
else's interview audio it's really
bizarre it's a bizarre editing choice so
that's the only downside of it like
they're in the middle of explaining
something and I mean I guess you get
enough of what they say to know what the
point is but just having it like slowly
fade out while they're still talking it
does it a lot it's really weird is it I
mean are they saying boring things are
they fading out because as an editor
they're bored
thank you that's been turning away it's
kind of the equivalent of that yeah of
someone talking to you and you just like
it turning away yeah
oh yeah that was really good okay oh
let's see here just this guy you know
says happy Father's Day
Jack and if we're voting I prefer green
screen over the game but if you like
this
maybe that's a little also is jake going
to see clown oh yeah I already rented it
I haven't watched it yet though have you
heard of this clown is this the full
length that was based off of the hey
stuff like a trailer yeah but it's like
machete it's like it yeah and it's like
a body horror thing we're guys slowly
turning into some sort of evil clown I
know I've never seen the trailer I don't
know much about it but I was like I'll
give it a shot so no I just came out so
I rented it on VOD but I have not
watched it but like the parody trailers
old a few years I don't know when it was
originally made I know Eli Roth has some
involvement with it which means it'll
probably stock but Susan's period says
sorry I'm late
anonymous and I have a father I should
get it anonymous is Jack I'll say I love
the new look if you turn down the game
audio which is - I would say turn it
down on the TV right there picking it up
from the TV probably - right no I think
it's kind of loud that doesn't mean
anything maybe no you pushed it away Jay
I'm not ready to deal with your
shenanigans everyone the check can
confirm that I didn't go anywhere near
your phone oh my microphone and now he's
trying to cover his ass and that's fine
one Carnot diamond says Jack I just
wanted to say that I love you even if no
one else does thank you happy Founders
Day and I think your layout is great
even if it does look like Elmo threw up
on my screen
that wasn't heartfelt but the great look
MC Lucas hey guys I see the intention of
the border
a lot of people here's something getting
a lot of a for effort
I guess the type cummins here's
something that you need to understand is
when we started the stream I was going
through this whole border thing with
rich beforehand he didn't like it he did
not like but I was like oh I think this
is working these are my reasons he
wasn't so strongly against it that we
didn't use it and so I said let's give
it a stream let's see how it works out
yeah
immediately rich starts the stream and
talks about how he hates the way I'm so
what do you think the chance can do in
that situation
oh they're gonna gang up on you they're
gonna gang up on me because rich started
on there you in their defense though the
border is kind of ugly it's a red board
so just a plain red border but I like it
and so whatever but so that's why we're
getting so much talk about the border
again just like this is a controversial
thing I suggest dishing the border okay
fine the border is okay yes thanks and
I'm great Lord Belmont
Jay I bought the blu-ray of starry eyes
a while ago yeah finally saw it last
night it was awesome yeah oh yeah I love
that movie I think I probably talked
about it in heaven the budding star guys
sorry guys it's uh it's a horror film
about this young what's going on
you tried to steal my mic and today is
this oh we can't do it now but you gotta
tighten it here I think is the problem
you got it you gotta keep spinning it
around to tighten that sure okay yeah
but this year basically this young
actress in Hollywood that kind of sells
her soul to the devil to be famous
basically but it's very
moody and the lead actresses performance
is like one of the best performances
I've seen in a horror movie and really
or any movie in a really long time she's
really like fearless and and intense
starry eyes starry eyes
highly recommended it's great also got
Mulholland Drive and blue velvet yeah
blue velvet is weird well water is what
David looks Ruby is weird
that's not well I guess that's not your
Elephant Man isn't weird that's his most
like kind of humane movie that's the
exception that makes the rule though
yeah the only one he's one of his movies
I've never watched all the way through
his doom did you ever see dune I tried
just because I am a David Lynch fan and
I'm just like a child to be fair yeah I
was bored but I was also a child who
loves science fiction sure so I don't
know yeah dude no doing is weird even
for sci-fi nerds I know some people who
are super into the dune universe well
there's a bunch of books yeah yeah and I
hate the movie with like well the movie
got butchered too so I was thinking
about this the other day though I don't
even member how it came up but I was
thinking about like if that movie had
been a huge success if that had been
like a Star Wars like how if David
Lynch's career would have gone in a
completely different and less
interesting direction no I can't imagine
he would have cared
probably not he probably would have gone
around got around to making something
like blue velvet anyway he just would
have had a bigger budget for the next
weird project that's true yeah the
hitmaker David Lynch me makes that's
what I imagine an alternate reality
where his movies are huge blockbusters
and and stuff like the Avengers are the
fringe yeah that plays in the Indian er
yeah that is a world I can get behind
one small ball says doom doom I really
enjoy shooting the mini missiles they
remind me of the auto tracking bullets
from the Fifth Element yeah
there you go also uh agent 76 from
overwatch as has that super perk auto
tracking bullets really really great
perk if you're an overwatch player
that's all I can add to that I'm sorry
Luke 72w says Jack did you make that
god-awful fucking overlay to rake it in
on tips telling you that you should
change it first no but now I will every
week it's gonna get worse and worse week
I'm gonna make a new one and you guys
can tell me how much you hate it in tip
forms I will only accept criticism
through tips no I'm not that cunning I'm
not that cunning to try to steal money
from you in that way yeah Tiberius Kirk
says can you believe rich hasn't seen
Top Gun oh really
yeah I hadn't seen it until five six
years ago really I mean I knew the whole
movie just because you know through pop
culture osmosis but I never actually
watched the whole thing really yeah
that's such a that's such a mainstay it
wasn't it wasn't something as a kid I
was terribly interested in as far as the
subject matter goes sure I saw hot shots
before I saw Top Gun like it was like
fighter pilots and awesome as a child I
was not a fan of men's shirtless
volleyball know Tom Cruise being a
douche bag was the vibe I got from it
even as a child oh yeah that's just Tom
Cruise though in general he's unlikable
in that movie even though he's supposed
to be our hero why do we root for him in
Top Gun I don't know cuz cuz he's the
main character and you're supposed to
because he plays the best shirt because
his friend dies Oh or whatever that's
true goose goose
TVs Edward Norton Edward no what's his
name
something Anthony Anthony Edwards from
bench of the Nerds
eeeh from ER oh and Revenge of the Nerds
and Revenge of the Nerds of course you
thought it was Jon Cryer yeah and a Half
Men no second yeah no Jon Cryer was in
Hot Shots oh you scared yeah he had the
he had the giant glasses I think that's
why I never cared to see tough guns I
saw hot shots and it's like well this is
better than top guns gonna be why would
i watch Top Gun this one's funny guys
gotta see it
Hot Shots part dude was better though
than Hot Shots part one that's that's a
controversial stay I haven't seen either
of them since I was a kid but I remember
really liking the second one hot charts
part deux is that the one with the the
bloodsport RIF dipping your hands and
yeah they need tips hidden like hot
fudge and then gummy bears they pass
each other I loved you in Wall Street
damn now I want to rewatch the hot shot
movies that's fair I'll add him to the
list I wonder if those hold up like for
a younger audience if they would get
anything out of out of that I wonder I
mean it was so tied to that that kind of
like mid late 80s action movie yeah and
I mean those movies are still popular
that they're parroting and you don't
have to have seen the movies that
they're parroting for it to be funny
that's interesting that in like those
like spoof movies like date movie and
all
yeah those like if you haven't seen what
their paradeen you won't even get what
the joke is supposed to be right
but nobody's seen what they're parroting
well that's yeah they hadn't seen him if
you watch some of those I ain't heard
like they would watch the trailers for
these movies and then put jokes and
their movies based on things they saw
from the trailers so it's not even like
as it doesn't nothing to do with
anything
that would make sense because more
people probably saw the trailer than
something yeah exactly
we can only make jokes based off of
things that appeared in the trailer yeah
that's like I've never seen those
Airport movies but airplane is hilarious
that's true you know that's that's
that's what I mean like those they made
movies that were parodies but they're
also funny even if you hadn't seen what
they were parroting absolutely sure
shoot first of all you guys should
second of all
Jon Voight pencil says Jame have you
seen the border the border the more no I
don't know what that is great anonymous
says did any of you see well did any of
you see Ninja Turtles out of the shadow
no no why would we that seems like a
dumb idea like Jay watches movie for a
living watch his movies for a living and
he hasn't even seen even though yeah we
took a couple weeks off from half on the
bag because there's like Ninja Turtles
and Warcraft they're like let's focus
our attention on other other projects
for a little while I am excited to see
I mean I'll probably see it eventually
just because the arrow is in it as Casey
Jones
I heard he sucks in it too sucks in the
arrow so I can't really but I just want
to see him as a different character hmm
I just want to see that actor fail at
something else failed so much as the
arrow yeah I was like is he just a bad
actor why do people hire him he's got a
rockin bod that's it that's all he's got
that's it
don't recall where to go okay let's see
here what the real van says don't worry
rich the Eclair the you Clare municipal
band is a wind ensemble ensemble Blair
oh my god I know and our weekly
Wednesday concerts are not rock concerts
so you don't need to worry about it
being too loud plus it's free you fucks
oh I think they were sneaking in a
advertisement for the you Claire
municipal band wind concerts the sneaky
advertisement that's fine tender juicy
shack meat says J are you a fan of Clive
Barker's films Hellraiser and Nightbreed
uh yeah I don't mind Clive Barker he
only directed three movies which I
always think of him as doing more just
cuz he's so prolific with books I guess
okay think of his name but he only
directed three features um I don't think
he's a terribly great director I think
he's a great idea man I like those
movies I like Hellraiser a lot and night
breeds good but as far as like visually
is movies are kind of drab and boring
looking well they benefit from a more
visual filmmaker but yeah I love
Hellraiser and Hellraiser - how or
easier - as a scene that scared the nut
scared just grossed me out as a kid
where there's like a crazy person have
you ever seen any of those movies I saw
Hellraiser one ages and ages ago and
then they're they're in like a mental
institution there's this crazy guy that
thinks that's always thinks there's like
bugs under his skin I'm just like always
doing this and they give him a razor
blade and so he starts like hacking away
at his skin it's really grotesque yeah
it's great Lord of illusions with Scott
Bakula although I haven't seen that
movie I know I think I saw that movie
once like when it first came on cable
that's the only time I've ever seen it
I should rewatch it okay that's great
poke Alex in the eye says just wanted to
say thanks Jay rich Jack and Mike who's
not here for all the great entertainment
over the years keep up the good work and
happy Father's Day thank you poke Alex
in the eye thank you mama says hello
fellows have any of you guys seen the
show black mirror oh yeah we've talked
about black in here Emily yeah
Blackbeard was fantastic bleak somewhat
depressing sci-fi stories that imagine
you three would enjoy except for rich
because he hates everything
PS border rules apparently border rules
I will look into this I don't know what
this is yeah black mirror was great
oh yeah I was a little hesitant after
that first step of the pig fucking
episode that's there coming out of the
gate swing and you know because you guys
pitched it to me as like a sci-fi
anthology like oh yeah all the stuff has
something sci-fi on them to it and I
watch this first episode it's just about
a guy fucking a pig sci-fi here yeah
well they all have like a technological
aspect like something and that one kind
of does probably the least of all of
them right that is a harsh episode to
start it is it is the I think the next
one about digitizing memories is that
the next one is the the like gameshow
one oh yes and the people on the bike
yeah yeah that's a good one
the the one that really nailed it for me
was the restoring visual memory you
record everything and yeah that that's I
think my favorite episode you would have
full episode beautiful I heard they were
turning one of those episodes into a
movie oh really which I mean the show is
already was it like 45 minutes or
something like that seems unnecessary
but really easy I guess I don't know if
it's that episode or a different one I
just remember hearing about that the
only episode I haven't seen is that
there was apparently a Christmas episode
with like Jon Hamm in it but it's not
available on demand I think it's not
Netflix now oh is it but I haven't
watched it I remember when we were
watching it it wasn't and find that yeah
it wasn't there yeah yeah oh yeah great
job black mirrors is excellent yeah
great show they're doing an American
version and I'm hoping they're not just
remaking the episodes I'm hoping it's
new stories I think the the like
creative people involved with the
original series are on board okay I
think I don't know a whole lot about it
so if they are then that's fine
that's just gonna be the same show with
an American cast basically yeah that'd
be great
that'd be great jon Hamm's episode is
the best they're saying in jet yeah I
know it's christmas-themed great but I
have not watched it great
where guys hey Jay Jack rich
you guys are awesome what is your
favorite movie set in Seattle what I
have no idea
great I'm sure I've seen movies that I
like that a sudden Seattle that I can't
think of but up top of my yes Sleepless
in that's of course the first thing
everyone goes to my favorite movies are
set in Seattle that's a weird question
the what about the record store one is
that in Seattle record store one
high-fidelity hi Chicago no the one with
the with the musician coming to a record
stores Oh Empire accurate record that
movie sucks
I have no idea where that movie stood I
don't think it's Seattle named a movie
set in Seattle that isn't Sleepless in
Seattle free Fraser is not a movie set
in Seattle Chad reality would window
bytes
I hate reality bites singles
I hate all your naming all movies that I
hate seven I made fun of all those
movies on our meet him/her episode cuz
that's what that movie's fine the type
of movies that movie is trying to be and
I hate all of the Fifty Shades of Grey
okay we're done talking about movies
sentencing nothing good has ever come
out of Seattle that's the answer
nothing good ever I was making a joke
Collier de liquor says Jack you've been
using exception that makes the rule
wrong for years a sign saying paid
parking from 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. the
exception of the other times implies the
rule for the parking is free at all what
he's trying to give you a brain teaser
well so when you say the expression is a
exception to the rule the exception that
makes the rule so like the so meaning
the one thing that stands out apart from
everything else okay well that's the
same thing as saying exception to the
rule yes that's what I've always that's
how I've always said it and I've always
heard it the exception that makes the
rule so it's like you can you can like
the like for example the Elephant Man is
the one normal movie in David Lynch's
weird movie career yeah normal mug
calling the Elephant Man a normal movie
also is very strange but you can say
like yes because that is the exception
and it makes a rule because it is so
normal compared to how weird his
baseline is the exception that makes the
rule David Lynch is a weird filmmaker
hmm and he's so weird when he made a
normal movie that's his normal movie the
exception that makes the rule I believe
that sounds weird I'm gonna stick with
exception to the rule because it's more
streamlined it's go right and correct
great great the proof is in the pudding
you're right actor Jay what I've never
understood that one the proof is in the
pudding yeah I'm sure ties to some old
timey thing but I mean obviously pudding
but I don't understand what it means
I've never looked at a stupid thing
people say that does happen like fleek
what's the thing it is actually
pronounced fleek well if you're a weak
but I prefer to pronounce it Fleck
because that sounds better to me blare
down fleet come from and what does it
mean that's something that the hip young
kids say and it means like if
something's on point
if something's like correct right I'll
sure I get that but where did the word
like why fleek where did this come from
kids can say I'm 90% sure Jack's making
that one up
no fleek is a real thing me calling it
Fleck is wrong but no yeah I've heard it
before so fleek is a real thing as some
kids say cuz kids are dumb you know you
know what drives me nuts what I couldn't
care less
yeah that drives me nuts first thing
I've gotten corrected when I said I
couldn't care less
yeah that drove me doubly nuts and it's
so obvious it's so obviously incorrect
yep it doesn't make any sons
right left overview cake wants to know
if we will eventually play Hideo
Kojima's death
stranding I'll avoid it when it stars
Norman Reedus
how can we know your Norman Reedus
holding a tiny fetus it's a poem
Norman fetus Norman feet is holding the
gooey penis fetus little Norman fetus
holding Arita starring Reba McEntire
it's a trailer for a new game with
Norman Reedus yeah
mote motion capture and he's holding a
baby in his arms and then he looks down
we presume it's a game and it's black
goo in his arms and it's all artis fun
ok there's dead fish around him he's on
a beach or something I don't know no
there people fly it's crazy art its art
its art and it stars Norman Reedus yeah
yeah we'll probably ignore it for as
long as we can and then do a thing on it
and then everyone will yell at us
because we'll hate it probably what type
of game wasn't even supposed to be no
one knows Hideo Kojima has said that
such a worthless trailer Hideo Kojima
has said that he thinks that genres are
too constricting and he doesn't want to
be withholding to calling his game any
particular should this is something he's
really said he does want to be a bit
beholden to calling his game any
specific genre because it's more fluid
now and then everyone told him to go
fuck himself no everyone probably sucked
his cock boldly they wrote hey guys hope
you're all doing well I was wondering if
rich has seen the icon of sin Easter Egg
in the Necropolis level I've seen it at
Pearl I've seen like a video I didn't do
it myself it's a thing don't worry about
a great thing great anonymous wants to
know if this terrible overlay is
replacing best of the words yep just
gonna be a still image of this for every
best of the worst episode from now on
now we're long and fuck you
an hour long still image yeah I guess
you could look at it for an hour it's
just an image but it has to be an hour
some people see the running time they
think it's a regular episode and then
they click on it it's just an hour of
that oh okay great uh ray ckick says hey
Jay a first-time caller longtime
listener what's your favorite foreign
movie he only wants his American movie
um oh boy what a movie made by four men
like where do you drive a lot yeah well
that would be the room that movies not
just foreign that movies alien right
Robocop
Robocop is made by a foreigner um boy no
I really like city of lost children a
lot I like Run Lola Run it's fine for me
yeah um oh I really really like
Chungking Express oh that's a great one
that might be my favorite I haven't seen
in a very long time but I used to watch
it a lot the demons are talking to rich
lord Belma wants to know if Pumpkinhead
is any good pumpkin it's great I saw for
the first time maybe two years ago I've
never seen it
pumpkinette it's directed by Stan
Winston the effects guy I did like the
Terminator and aliens and stuff motion
no nut stop-motion he did creatures
effects Oh who's this time motion guy I
think in a Ray Harryhausen was that's
really much older generation I was not
the right yeah no Pumpkinhead is like
this modern like folktale it's Lance
Henriksen is in it okay and his son dies
and he goes to see this which like sort
of revives his son is this Pumpkinhead
creature it's really like the the
creature looks great as this real cool
like gothic look and feel to it the tone
of it Winston like made the life-sized
Terminator endoskeleton yeah terminator
oh yeah
he died maybe ten years ago now for some
reason I had stop-motion in my head
no yeah pumpkin head pumpkin head is
awesome did he do the stop-motion for
terminator no he just made the puppet
yeah he just did practical stuff okay
great worked on Jurassic Park I think
but it's the only movie there no he
directed another movie he only directed
two movies he had Pumpkinhead uh-huh I
did a movie called a gnome named norm
starring Anthony Michael Hall which it's
German title is something something
space cop really space cop is in the
title we have a copy of it over there
that's awesome oh rich remember earlier
when someone said that the game audio
was way too loud now they're saying they
can't even hear him but apparently that
was an hour ago and I'm only seeing this
now mmm so if you wouldn't mind just
turning it up a little bit well what a
great overlay look at it we get to see
it now it's so beautiful it's so clean
don't you think it's like oh god it's
like it's like it hurts my eyes to look
at oh my god it's like just like looking
into the Sun no one wants to do that you
should get a headache you should just
staring out of tips and the subscribers
come in they come into little bars above
us and it's all very professional
embrace oh do they actually do that yeah
it's like what are your kids tried to
make Modern Art
that's know they're way better carny
diamond oh fuck yeah black mirror
episode three is one about storing
younglings and it's by far the best yeah
it's incredibly difficult following your
screen as I don't speak day drinking
this is what you get today I'm sorry
yep that's a great episode I mean I
guess I was so put off by the pig
fucking upset because I had thought you
guys tricked me like oh wow
to show of all pig fuckin oh it's like
this is just a weird every episode is
gonna be somewhat a new person having to
fuck a pig it well our just thought it
was like a weirdo show yeah I know
that's that's the most extreme episode
so eventually I convinced Lisa she's
like no it's just maybe the second
episode is not about faith fucking but
it took us a couple weeks to get to the
second episode yeah it is it's a great
premise but it is a little extreme
Oh is your ending hindsight if that
would have been like the third or fourth
episode yeah we would have been all in
sure but we just went down with the
overall premise yet because of the
parking I understand but you know the
second episode bought the you know like
underground city or wherever and
everyone's riding the bicycle need a
break the wrong one you and you're
forced to watch advertising support
neither of us are greatest
then we were in then
this time it's lupus says hey guys just
wanted to thank you for everything
you've done I was in a dark place for a
while and best of the worst and half in
the bag to help keep me sane also space
cop is great any chance we can get a
sequel beats equal to space cop right
here right here right here
news on sequel to space cop there is no
news on a sequel to space gun that's it
that's our exclusive just this guy you
know says as long as J's here I'm really
liking a review oh cool there are so
many fun possibilities also maybe I
missed it didn't we ask about what
happened to best the worst or oh yeah
for another time
it well I mean yeah it's nothing wrong
with the episode there's no technical
issues or audio problems or anything
like that it's YouTube crap no no we're
trying to get sorted out and that's it
it'll be yeah yeah it'll be up later
this week definitely oh you're going
down I thought you fell into a fire pit
I didn't see the stairs that's a very
good episode by the way yeah yes I'm
very happy with how it turned out I'm
excited I saw your picture oh the the
whiteboard yeah
and I'm excited about what you're gonna
do with that picture so later this week
yeah great great good show shoutouts to
rich providing the gameplay so you can
talk about movies you guys are great
greetings
Thank You scoot crew she's just happy to
be playing dude this is such a great
game such a great game I lent my copy of
dune to a friend of mine who needs to
play doom because I think everybody
needs to play Doom because it's a great
game about punching demons but now my
five-year-old is upset because he can't
watch me play Doom and he loves watching
me play Doom because he loves demons and
blood and gore no that's great I love
him for that I've been playing overwatch
a lot lately and there's no blood
even's and overwatch he goes oh you're
playing this again you should just let
him watch Hellraiser just put that movie
on there's demons and blood in that I'm
sure he was a lover let him on tell
razor it's like I'm upset I can't play
doom either
hey hey Jack
rich and Susan are there any parodies of
movies or TV shows in the last decade
that you like Black Dynamite Oh Black
Dynamite is wonderful there's a ton of
shitty ones
I mean Hot Fuzz that last ten years or
is that too old now that's in the last
ten years how fo sho another day
yeah I know well I don't consider
especially not Shana the dad I wouldn't
consider a parody oh no its new its new
parody I don't think that's a thing it's
a totally a thing there was this was not
a parody of a specific movie its parody
of a genre it's not really a parody
though because it treats the genre
elements completely seriously it's just
a comedy set in a I don't new parody is
yeah is what new parodies like I I would
consider that more situational comedy
I'm on topic go on go on I apologize oh
it's great Jack you're saying the the
jokes about how slow the zombies move
yeah you can consider a parody Jose I
don't I wouldn't like I wouldn't say
someone's completely wrong for calling
it a parody I just think of it more as a
zombie comedy well it's it's a it's a
movie in which both parodies the tropes
of a genre while also staying true to
the tropes of the genre yeah I mean it
turns into a flat-out drama towards the
end sure when he's yelling the zombies
to get away from his mom and that's what
I love about that movie is that it's
really funny but it treats the the
horror elements completely seriously the
material with respect yeah yeah whereas
I think all the parodies did not do that
no
and you with a new moi no I don't know
if I like that I can't get by and
literally I'm making this up I remember
the more traditional idea of parody I
would say Black Dynamite Black Dynamite
is I actually haven't watched it in a
long time I need to revisit that one cuz
it's so arias so low 56 7 since hi J
Congrats on review love the new show and
can't wait to watch more PS did Jeffrey
Combs ever respond to your tweet he did
not that jerk we had a very serious
question
and now we'll never know we'll never
know the answer
it'll haunt me till the day I die
anonymous says if this overlay is
replacing best of the worst the new
overlay should be destroyed because it's
the worst yeah I would care more if I
wasn't drinking this might be like a
dumb non-video game person thing to say
but with the graphics in this game I
really like the detail in the
reflections of things I noticed it
earlier with all the blood on the ground
and I'm noticing on the gun yeah like
the level of detail in their reflections
is really nice by the way because that's
part of like a graphical settings where
if we had if you didn't have a mess of a
computer
oh yeah rich happens that very nice yeah
yeah no it looks great visually J how
does the console vision alright
get yours does nice notice those
reflections doom is a weird game where
it's so fast-paced I'm actually
surprised that J did notice stuff like
that I didn't necessarily pay attention
while I was playing it because it's such
a fast-paced game these are the things I
noticed cuz I don't care about the
gameplay right I'm just looking at the
images maybe you're just too good and
you just kill them all too fast
that was a good noise that also uh
whoever that was anonymous who asked
that question let's see here question
for J heard assault on precinct 13
mentioned in the recent review episode
if I recall you guys were not keen on it
could you elaborate on why I am I like
that movie oh yeah there well there was
that and there was a remake of it right
I haven't seen the remake that's with
like Ethan Hawke Brian Lawrence Misha
you're talking about the original yeah I
like the original okay I don't know why
Mike doesn't like it I've never really
talked to him about it there you go
speaking of console versus PC in
software's Tim Willits announced quake
champions will be a PC exclusive to
support fast food fight that would make
sense
my what does Jay think of the Franco
brothers remaking old bad news I don't
know what that means what happened I
don't know what that is I don't know
what that means I know James Franco is
doing a movie version of the disaster
artists which is of course the making of
the room I don't know if that's what
you're talking about I don't if that's
not what you're talking about then I
have no idea what you mean
right oh I didn't see that but I heard
great things about mother may I sleep
with danger mother may sleep in danger
have you heard of this no I don't think
it's a James Franco produced movie and
it's supposed to be like like one of
those like mother may I don't know
anything about this I've heard great
things the onion AV Club has a great as
a glowing recommendation of it okay and
it's a little hard to hear me because my
microphone keeps slow Varia taking that
shit you know it just very slowly Falls
from my place use your muscles
who are the Wanda Bulova Franco brothers
well there are chairs James Franco and
his brother dave franco are those so if
that's what you're talking about because
they are yeah then they're both in the
disaster artist movie okay um James
Franco's playing Tommy was so sure and
dave Franco is playing Greg Sestero oh
but they're not remaking a bad movie
they're making a movie about the making
of a bad movie what so I don't know what
I'm not too terribly onboard with James
Franco playing Tommy was so I think they
should have had Tommy was so play Tommy
was so because he'll be bad even as that
that's fine
that's the only way you could make that
movie at least you'll get something
interesting I'm not interested in seeing
James Franco do it tommy was so
impression the movie might be fine I
mean the books good
kill him faster neighbours tea was crap
well there's a shocker I know it did
well neighbors did one neighbors
neighbors too did not do well oh it did
not no no ohh
because nobody cares calm comedy sequels
in general usually do poorly that other
Zac Efron movie the bad grandpa yes that
also did great
yeah well no he's got to help juice now
rich no yeah you got a handle the hell
juice
are you literally in hell in this game
yeah parts of it okay
you start on a base space base on Mars
and they are studying the effects of
using hell energy to power humanity okay
and they discover unfortunately that you
know you can't really harness how energy
because in beam engine shit oh sure
so you play as doom Slayer you are
literally your only purpose is in case
shit goes south to kill all the demons
all right shit once out so you were
comedy sequels need more people trapped
in mechanical Rhino asses absolute where
where were those days I didn't like that
movie when it came out I was a huge fan
of the first ace ventura because I was
when everybody's been when that came out
the appropriate age to find that movie
funny Joe and then yeah the sequel came
out it was lame except for that Rhino
scene that is pretty great just because
it's so bizarre mmm-hmm but the whole
thing I can't watch either of those
movies now
I even this isn't I even watched and
liked a lot of the thumb movies okay
that no god it's got a funny face and
it's a parody it's fine but then you see
a Spencer and you go oh yeah yeah 22
Jump Street is the only good comedy
sequel in recent years that's that Lord
and Miller yeah they know yeah those
guys are good they know what's up they
take lame Hollywood ideas and somehow
turn them into interesting movies did
you see that 22 Jump Street I haven't
seen any of them okay I mean the first
one is a fine enough it's okay as far as
a comedy goes the second one goes full
gremlins to where it's like completely
making fun of the original movie and the
idea of making a sequel to the original
movie it's pretty it's pretty good is it
rumored or is it true that for 23 Jump
Street it's them joining men in black I
think that's true that's awesome which
is well if Lord and Miller involved it
could potentially be great I don't know
if they are I don't know anything about
it but yeah if they're not then who
knows sure
yeah I will I mentioned I mentioned
seeing green room and yeah he was the
lead actor in that yeah there's so many
like bland boring young actors and he
was actually kind of interesting yet he
had potential he's really good in green
room hey better go see green room
and he's really great really green he's
really he's really good in a terrible
movie Joe Dante Dre
the only reason I saw it is cuz Joe
Dante directed it called burying the X
okay and he's the lead guy in that and
he's way too good for the movie cuz the
movies shit but he said before he was
anything or was that um this was like
last year oh really
yeah so he was sort of I mean he had
done Star Trek already maybe he was only
in it because of Joe that that's the
only reason I watched it sure there's
some fun Joe Dante old-school b-movie
references
Dick Miller shows up for a cameo looking
like death which is sad but it's not a
good movie he was Kyle Reese oh that's
right he was in Terminator Salvation I
forgot about that
oh but everyone forgot about the
Terminator Salvation I didn't hate it as
much as everybody else if you look at it
just as like a separate from the
Terminator franchise and just as like a
Mad Max movie like a Mad Max world with
giant robots parts of it are okay yeah
yeah it falls apart towards the end when
it actually tries to be a terminator
movie good I thought it was at least
more interesting than Terminator 3 which
was just a remake of Terminator 2 well
kind of it adds some new elements at
least and climatically it expands on it
yeah yeah Richard sorry it's fun that's
never happier than when he's
decapitating demons ah carne de Men says
I haven't watched your III discussion
yet but what do you guys think of the
new god of war I assume rich is pretty
excited about it because it's a
story-driven third-person shooter do
people ask questions like that at this
point just to try and just bug you the
poke yeah poke the bear did you guys
watch the the Friday the 13th footage
yeah yeah I enjoyed it I think I might
fall apart as a game really yeah hmm I
was just looking at it as some sweet
Jason kills is that gonna get old if
there's not enough variety in the kills
how do you know there won't be enough
variety we don't there's a lot we do
there's a lot there's a lot of questions
yeah a lot of questions you know like
the question of like balancing player
movement versus Jason's like omnipresent
vision like no sure the game element
there's a lot in here
yeah visually it looks right though yeah
yeah
there's more to a game than that though
that's that that's all I care about
because I'm never gonna play it why do
you go play Uncharted have you guys ever
I'm assuming you haven't played it but
if people recommended do you play a game
called until dawn yes does anyone know
yet Steve that's the visual novel that's
the one made but I want to know I'm
gonna get this wrong of course I think
that's the same guy that's doing Detroit
okay
it must be somewhat popular right cuz I
had heard of it yeah but I just found
out the other day that it's written by a
guy named Larry Fessenden whose is a
like a indie horror filmmaker NEX and
stopped to he's been at a ton of stuff
and I was like oh he wrote that that
actually makes me curious about it now
because he's an interesting interesting
guy it's an interactive until dawn is an
interactive drama survival horror
adventure video game yeah
interactive drama survival horror
adventure video game developed by
supermassive games and published by Sony
originally scheduled uh who cares it is
written by Larry Fessenden though right
making sure I'm thinking to the right
game yes by a guy resident and Graham
Resnick designed by Nick Bowen directed
by will miles none of those names mean
anything to me I thought it was interred
because the he does like Larry Fessenden
like he's written in directed movies he
acts in a ton of stuff a lot of tons of
like indie horror things he kind of does
a little bit of everything sounds like
Annie brought a fucking video game like
Jesus he does it all he does it all
until dawn is designed to be played
multiple times as players cannot see all
content with a single playthrough each
playthrough lasts about nine hours in
length and the game mechanics utilize an
in-game system called the butterfly
effect in which any choice of action by
the player may cause unforeseen
consequences later
that sounds like a lot of the add miss
agree there's nothing you would have any
interest in but my interest was piqued
when I found out it was written by a guy
who has done good work sure sure it's
it's what it's that I think that's a
tough thing with the game where it's
like it might be a neat story yeah but
then like can that story last nine hours
right

[Part II]
mean consequences later on that sounds
like a lot of yeah this is nothing you
would have any interest in but my
interest is piqued when I found out it
was written by a guy who has done good
work sure it's it's one it's that I
think that's a tough thing with the game
where it's like it might be a neat story
yeah
but then like Ken that story last nine
hours right pacing the story the story
to the game is this have a lot of
choices and outcomes being affected
until Donna was her name-o David cage
David cages the Detroit guy he also did
um he did that video game with who's the
young actress who was in Juneau OMP OMP
oh the Last of Us that game no cuz isn't
that the one with Ellen Palin Paige sued
the Last of Us because they made a
character model that looked just like
her oh really different video group and
they had tried to get her for the Last
of Us but she was doing a different
video so they just put her in it anyway
basically did they use someone they they
made a character that looked a lot like
Ellen phase wow that's a little shitty
yeah
beyond two souls I am is the David cage
game but yes she she went after the Last
of Us because they made someone that
looked a lot like her and she was in a
different video game I remember that
yeah you know it's good for her all
right look crypt of the necrodancer yeah
yeah ain't nothing wrong with crypt of
the necrodancer
what game is this this is crypt of the
necrodancer did you update these
streamers oh yeah you you know what I
can absolutely shooting demons while
dancing
and update now and he also did heavier
rain
it basically just rain huh
chubby rain chubby road Chocolate Rain
absolute a chubby rain
any time I think about like narrative
story driven your consequence and
consequences I think of this one guy
whose games apparently suck all the time
yeah those ladies guys did that trick
yeah yeah
and that looks interesting doesn't mean
it will be no no no maybe all of his
games look interesting
beyond - so I do there was a controversy
with beyond two souls there are these
extended like cutscenes basically the
whole game is a lot of cuts in its chair
and there's one in which Ellen page's
character is in the shower or something
I think I heard something about this
yeah and someone hacked the gamer got
into the code to pull the camera out and
it was a full naked figure yeah even
though like there's no reason that they
had to even design the rest of the
figure because it was a cutscene like it
wasn't a meeven character anything she's
just like why is a naked version of me
in the game anywhere she doesn't do one
game and like to steal her image does
another game and they just render her
naked she's never gonna be involved with
video games ever again and I think
she'll be fine with that
does she still act when was the last
time she was in anything trying to think
what does a show she does a show now
about she does a show called gay Haitian
like a TV show or a web show though it's
a TV show called called gamification
okay I believe she is an lg tv activists
full time now okay
and has the show called Kay occasion all
right I know nothing about the show I've
never heard of it and she was also in
the inception yeah well you know that
was a number of years ago now yeah I
really like her and super but that was
like five years ago jaycation that's a
real show
I know nothing about the show I assume
gay people go on a vacation
that's just assuming that's judging them
it could be a very misleading title
what
The Ellen effect I don't think that's a
real thing
you Jacka she's in finding dory coming
soon to a theater near you is anyone
care no I like finding Nemo and I don't
care about finding Dory Pixar just lost
it is the magic gone it might be who's
the last really good Pixar room I guess
inside out it's pretty good I thought it
was pretty good a lot of people really
loved it it wasn't it wasn't top tier no
no that's the problem isn't none of the
I think they just set the standard so
high so early on but also like the top
creatives now just worked for Disney and
our working on Disney frozen yeah you
know they cut they oversee the Pixar
stuff fix this do this better but
they're over like making makin Disney
money now yeah
they don't give no shits I'm making the
next frozen cars was the start of their
downfall
I know some people like that Cars movie
but I thought it was lame and then they
did cars too that's I think they're
something there's some very positive
things to be said about cars is there I
think is it Larry that you're you big
Larry the Cable Guy fan is that what it
is the cable or God in any order but
cars too was just a joke I didn't see
you I didn't care
Kars felt like it the thing about a lot
of the other Pixar movies is like
obviously they're appropriate for all
ages but you can still appreciate and
enjoy them as an adult
Kars felt like it was hearing more
towards kids specifically and that was
kind of it talking cars oh and I think
that's like why are there that weird
thing about that movie to me yeah and I
know this is bizarre but I was hung up
on the fact that there was like human
sized doors like in a world that's
populated specifically by cars well
first of all why would there be cars but
there's these human doors why are there
steering wheels and the cars like all
these like was at one point this a world
where humans existed and the cars
evolved in humans died off that is that
is a theory are these actual theory
there's a fan pics our unified universe
theory okay okay at least at least
somebody put some thought into this
because the makers of cars didn't dammit
that if you look at like toys the toys
from Toy Story yeah that's where like
all our attention like the same way the
cars and then and then wall-e all the
humans left leaving only robots and the
sentient creatures they eventually
evolved into the car that's the whole
thing but see here's the thinking of the
people that actually make cars know what
if cars were like people and that's it
you know yeah and that I think is lame
that's lame kiddie shit but but the
movie is actually the one of the least
kid-friendly movies of the Pixar series
because of how slow and Atmospheric it
is
I don't but atmosphere right but I
remember being slow it's very
atmospheric if you are into the the old
roads kind of yeah pace to it and like I
just think the real problem people have
with cars is they're just not car people
like everybody happens like playing with
toys or monsters right or wanting to be
a superhero exactly like that's general
kinship of like Carly yeah nobody's a
car person but like if you've ever been
kids loved cars though kids love kids
love and they love the movie and they
love cars but then as a thing that
exists
but I think there is a pace and an
atmosphere that makes it a very good
movie if you're into that fit that thing
as an adult Jack would you like another
beverage another very very fantastic are
you sure you sure you want another
beverage
yes okay Ritchie's driving me home I'm
gonna hook it you know what and you know
what he's been making fun of my layout
I'm puking in his car I've already said
it I'm gonna make this happen make it
happen
I still pick up this game every once in
a while yeah especially now that it's on
my Vita it's just like it's such a great
handheld game by the way it's it's quick
you just pick it up play around and boom
and then like set you know sometimes
like I only have five minutes but I get
a really good weapon like and it turns
into a really good round it's like what
fucking I got to finish I got to see how
far I can go
you done much experimenting the knee the
other curve no I still haven't it still
haven't beaten his earth I'm getting
really close though it's too much stuff
to play too much stuff
I'm not slurring I can hold my yeah
I am reading the chat dark cyst for six
to nine sometimes we get in the middle
of the conversation we don't read the
chat because we're in the middle of
conversation
it's the same thing everything's fine
so when I was up in yep you went up when
you get to Chicago down when I went down
to Chicago's gonna say that'd be a long
trip did I say the story I got
recognized no no I want to uh she was
give her some used books we went to the
Half Price Books and I was getting out
of the car flying I was parking and this
guy in like the sitting in his car
across from us was just staring at like
me and Karen wow this is really he's
just staring at us it's really creepy
mmm I was like talking to Karen probably
got out of the car yeah gonna see you
like run up and try and mug us or
something as we get out of this car you
sizing yep we get out of the car and he
he walks up to us because Adams car
walks up to us are you rich Evans I've
never met a celebrity before and you
still have it took a picture with him
and everything and in his excitement to
meet rich Evans he walked his keys in
his car what can I do not too honey BOTS
got your false Arts
well that's started hearing a slim jim
with you we sold Karen's books way out
the cops are there already I felt bad
oh poor guy poor guy
all right analysis question 2j why do
you hate escape from LA it may be bad
but surely has a chance
it does have its moments but it sucks
I'm sure I will go into a much longer
explanation no no love escape yeah I
make fun of escape from LA in the escape
from New York episode but we'll probably
do an episode on in the future so you'll
hear all about it then there are a lot
of elements about it that I like them
but man it sucks
I think especially when comparing it
especially when comparing to the first
Star Trek absolutely the gobbledygook
says do you guys have red box my I mean
we have them in the City of Milwaukee
yes we don't personally have them oh
okay I get it my kids my kids played
until dawn and had a great time over the
weekend at total cost was about four
dollars
Oh rent it from the right how can I see
you at the red box and box absolutely or
you don't they have a Netflix four games
a game fly it's like a subscription
service like Netflix and prime sure
somebody has done that yeah I'm shocked
they haven't found a way to lock you out
of being able to do that yeah
not that I'm in favor of that good
it's gonna happen someday it was a
dragon rich I was a dragon sand tourer
in Jack rich MJ I'm a high school
teacher and my students and I won a
grant to do a 48 hour film project this
next weekend a grant they're probably
making it up we've been preparing but
any tips from your tongues doing get
lots of energy drinks and prepare to not
sleep yep
it's hard to it's hard to really prepare
when you don't know what all your
elements are gonna be because you can't
really plan out a movie until you know
those things so be creative be creative
think on your toes perhaps don't
overextend yourself like we did the last
year we did it perhaps setting out job
tasks ahead of time I know that that's
what killed a lot of time for the Great
Space Jam we're just figuring out the
writing direction yeah it's weird the
the previous two years we had the idea
down pretty quickly but that year like
we spent all night their princess games
a lot of chefs in the kitchen
yeah and so maybe maybe get your roles
prepared ahead of time like like Johnny
Johnny B is gonna write yeah you know
Terrence is gonna direct you know sure
don't have everybody trying to come up
with a story when you have a half-dozen
people all throwing out ideas for a
story it's just gonna be an endless
clusterfuck I kill the entire night it
did great Space Jam okay you weren't
there for that one no yeah well that was
just the title yeah like you get that
and boom there you go
and have people divide off if you can
like mike was still shooting great
spacejam while I was editing stuff that
we had already shot so it's doing those
two things simultaneously that helps
delineate no donation I mean that is
delegation though delegate sure
delegates responsibilities that's the
word I'm looking for
thank you
I am he I like the graphic too hard
Belmont says Jayde I thought I would
hate until dawn but I played through it
a few times with my girlfriend and we
both loved the story multiple endings
and atmospheres great play it with these
guys if you want maybe maybe maybe that
could be like a like a October
Halloweeny type thing spooktacular a
spooktacular great great ah Kilroy Mick
from MJ have you seen the 1983 movie
microwave massacre I haven't it's coming
out on blu-ray soon you used to have
some standards yeah
now all the good stuffs coming out my
stuff that you never would have expected
to see re-released and remastered like
apparently a microwave like microwave
mascara that's why yeah I haven't seen
it but I will probably see it once it
comes out on blu-ray starring the voice
of Frosty the Snowman in his last role
Jackie Vernon it consists of an
oversized microwave used to cook murder
victim yeah I know about it I've just
never seen it
Jade_Buddha says how bad does the new
independent state film work
it looks equal to the first independent
thing which I thought was pretty alright
I know I'm in the minority about this
independence if you're not everybody
fucking loves Independence Day everybody
loves that movie except for apparently
me and Mike really yeah I me I hear
nothing but hate for this fun really
it's dumb this is everyone I know
defends that movie really yeah that's
crazy that we we both were on opposite
ends and the best thing to come out of
this new one though is there was I saw
you too bad I don't know if it was a TV
spot or who's just done for the internet
hmm where Jeff Goldblum is interacting
with his character from Independence Day
the first one well he's in the new one
too but his character from those movies
is talking to Jeff Goldblum and it's
kind of fun because it's - Jeff
Goldblum's and that's that's a good
thing the more Jeff Goldblum the better
yeah obviously
welcome to earth welcome to earth
everybody loves Will Smith fight says
welcome err it's great time remember
cities have been decimated hundreds of
thousands of people are dead but oh that
wacky will smooth ain't gonna take away
his swag remember when he got the alien
in the back of the truck and that gets
him into the secret base not only him
but also all the RVs like Howard you
have an alien everybody can go hi
everybody comment ya know that movie
never know please don't you know
misinterpret my love for the moon to
think it's a good movie it's a fun movie
that's very dumb but I think it's a
boring movie oh you think I think the
middle the middle of that movie is just
so dull there's an okay buildup and then
there's all the destruction horn yeah
and then the next hour of that movie is
just he's just Randy Quaid
nice riddle mad strats mad strats
Charlie Kaufman and Spike Jonze should
make a sequel to Being John Malkovich
gun called being Jeff Baldwin I would
watch that
like what
no I'm just the chant is off its own
little painter and I can't keep up right
sometimes I can figure out what they're
talking about sometimes I cannot that
sweet new Apple tech oh yeah yeah oh god
did you watch the WWDC I did yeah yeah
yeah there was anything terribly
exciting and coming out of it la la I
don't care about new emojis
how did junk and I messages man yeah
yeah Steve Jobs is dead yep yeah yep you
sure is easy so so so goes the clean and
efficient design that's what I don't
like like they're cluttering it up with
garbage now that's that is exactly the
opposite of what they've been doing
about a watch yeah stupid watch
something really neat throw something
that that looks really amazing is a
swift playground because this is the
this isn't like their hardware showcases
at the developers conference right
developers around the world and so last
year they announced Swift there's a new
programming language oh yeah I saw when
they started talking about that stuff I
owned out because I didn't care I don't
know anything about that stuff so
basically they they have this new
programming and your Swift that makes it
very easy to co-write and you know for
them it's like and they made it open
source so anyone can use this coding
language make apps for us anyone please
yeah here god make apps haurache if they
did that 30 years ago there wouldn't be
a Windows right so that's that was a
great news and so this year they
announced something called Swift
playground which is a free game
basically that you can
on your head that teaches kids how to
comb yeah we're juice amazing
I saw them starting to talk about that
and then I just stopped paying attention
it's the future like this is the shit
kids will need to learn to be relevant
in the future yeah that's fine they're
making it free and opensource just so
shit people will continue to write apps
for them but it's a smart business move
check but it's also amazing developer
tools for kids it's really fun
I don't know how excited the value it is
open-source
yes Swift is open-source you can
so they're excited about that yeah a
bunch of new Iowa stuff no one cares no
hairs even Apple people to not only the
hardest of hardcore there's not very
many but a lot of people like the iWatch
good to know you're talking about this
the ours could be the greatest thing
ever what are you bad-mouthing oh there
was some someone on Twitter I just kinda
had to stop the conversation with all
about VR and 4k oh and I just tried my
hardest to be like listen man I am a
video producer and I talk to clients all
the time you know who doesn't give about
a shit about 4k anybody whenever I'm
applying Gina how often 4k comes up zero
maybe that could change in a few years
ago ahead right now and for right now
yeah and I was just trying to explain
like I know a lot of people in the
industry nobody cares about 4k they
tried they tried to make it a thing it's
not a thing yeah and they get on Twitter
they just kept on like but it looks so
much better and it's like but I don't
care if it looks better people don't
care yeah the TV we just spent $1,000 on
still looks pretty good right and
they're watching Netflix they're
watching YouTube videos I don't care
about 4k yeah they just do not care but
you can't convince people that same with
V on people it's not there it's not
there yeah the numbers aren't there to
support like this groundswell and I'm
super happy that people are into it but
Jesus Christ but I'm interested in it
that means it's important like 3d like
people who are super into ya or movies
at 60 frames a second it's just not a
thing that no that did not become a
thing oh but people were really
passionate about they were and now a
couple of people were really passionate
about VR Jesus Christ how do you explain
to them that no one wants to strap a
thing to their head
no one porque doesn't eat incredibly
fast internet - if you want to scream
anything yeah that's a big issue because
you know what that's what people care
about streaming yeah most people care
about the immediacy more so than the
quality quantity they love quantity over
quality yeah they have the consumer has
already spoken
if 4k becomes a thing it's only because
TV manufacturers will stop making a
lesser TVs yeah I am really happy for
you Chad oh and the thing is no one's
arguing that like 4k doesn't look better
and that's what they get so upset about
but it looks so much better like no one
sane a dozen I'm sure it looks better
color depth that that's what I've heard
is the bigger issue with it more so than
like the clarity the image is that it
has a lot more like richness and depth
of color
which is why didn't know that about 4k
so I thought that was interesting but I
stole not too overly concerned about it
yeah the clarity of image and formats
keeps getting like smaller as far as the
leaps and how much better course well
you look at VHS VHS looks like garbage
the leap to DVD is pretty good yeah
the leap from DVD to blu-rays but the
leap from blu-ray to 4k is like even DVD
to blue where it was a tough sell to
people yeah but I just could be wrong
but I thought I'd heard the DVD still
out sells blu-ray it's tough because the
check and let me know if that's true or
not I I might be wrong about that it
doesn't matter because almost everything
you buy on blu-ray is a blu-ray/dvd
combo pack yeah that's actually becoming
a little bit less so now
oh is it there's like Walmart will carry
movies only on DVD oh because they're
cheaper and people are more likely to
buy oh sure so they get lots of like
shit horror movies and then they change
the titles of movies to in Walmart blood
like horror movies with a different
title then you can get it somewhere else
really or a different cover yeah it's
it's really bizarre
like there's this I think it's New
Zealand like spider movie called death
gasm okay and it's not called death
chasm in Walmart because Walmart you
know they're more family-oriented sure
they'll still carry these shit horror
movies but they'll change the title zone
so I don't remember what it's called in
in Walmart but it's got a different
title and they only have a none DVD
notes which make twitchplayspokemon
makes a great point here which is people
care about 4k a lot like they care about
lossless audio quality a huge thing when
the first ipod came out yeah because you
know Apple use their special compression
which arguably made songs sound worse
than a few other things
lossless how many people care about that
yeah oh you mean I can have a thousand
songs in my pocket that's what I want
yeah it's not about the tech it's not
about the fact that the image quality is
actually better it is about the the
consumer demand absolutely and most
people don't care this is a real thing
this is a real thing
black is life yeah sure if you have the
means to play it black is brave
that's right yeah this team this team
does
you know the gaming software company as
a as a hardware survey that everyone can
fill out young and it basically you like
scans your machine to kind of know what
the average consumer hands and they
found that about 0.14 percent of Steam
users have a VR capable device yeah
point one for process but that small
percentage they're very passionate about
it right and they insist that it's the
wave of the future and it would you to
be fair George be fair if nothing of
them they have not been out very long
I don't think it's gonna make a
difference no no I'm not wrong what the
fuck these are real work those are real
worth numbers doing it just to put out
those numbers they make the the
statistics available for everyone to
look through in it was something like
point zero nine percent on a vibe and
point zero six percent owned a Occulus
incredibly net low numbers right and
it's very new riches right it's very
very new tech and part of the reason why
we keep saying it's might not do the
thing right now is because there's no
games for it and the worst case vr will
survive as a niche riding on the back of
the professional park market it's not
going away it might not be going
especially like with the in streamit
live streaming services becoming so
popular I know we've talked about
getting a VR device only because it
would make for a very entertaining
screen not because we think we would
ever like actually play games in it but
yeah people might want to see us to
strap a big dumb thing to our head and
go oh that would be entertaining
Oh
oh sorry I missed a couple tips we got
into a heated discussion I'm very sorry
for everyone okay to help after the last
attempt my name is Ibanez xizt
I've been nest like the guitar brand
that doesn't help me is that a brand of
guitar ibanez east
anyways here's two dollars because
you're keeping me from going to bed on
time on a work night keep up the good
work
Thank You Ibanez Isuzu dr. tallow says a
long time watcher first time tipper
anyway the ear quran masters is a remake
of the classic space exploration
adventure game star control to give it a
look it's pretty you fucks eat you Quran
Master keep that in your brain Billy
laka says Jay I know there is no
extended discussion for the Independence
Day review is there no now because the
episode itself is like 45 minutes
the extended discussion would be 46
minutes yeah exactly okay but would you
consider posting the full episode on
Sonic lot anyway for us hack frauds who
like to listen in the car oh I suppose
bill you might want to look into YouTube
might have an audio only option do they
I believe so for stuff like this for
like gaming screens return it into your
extended podcast hmm YouTube might have
an audio only option for your mobile
device yeah well there you go and if not
Jay we're looking I don't look into it I
don't know if there would be much of a
demand out of outside of you
specifically I mean maybe I don't know
okay maybe just well more so than that
maybe just for the sake of consistency
or it's like every episode has an audio
version you know what that's nice that's
nice
I'm worried about a confusing people
though
but I don't know look into it now people
are saying they usually just put it on
the phone and you treat it like a
podcast anyway so get it up Thursday all
right
get it up there Miko Cola says hey rich
Jack and Jane just wanted to send a tip
and thank you for everything
our LM related ever hope best of the
worst didn't run into too big of a
problem and can get released soon guys
it'll be up this week then YouTube's
knows YouTube's got to work with those
BOTS
you know those BOTS they do good work
they work a lot
they picked all the stuff they never
sleep they never sleep they don't take
breaks rich we did on Wednesday we did
an e3 discussion where we were watching
a lot of the trailers live yeah and so
and we knew it was gonna get flagged
we're just putting it we've put the
whole trailers in there audio and
everything it's like it's gonna get
flagged fuckin yeah we just won't
monetize it rich texted me to say like
okay oh I just I just hit the export to
YouTube button so you know in a couple
hours it should be on YouTube forget it
get up there the very moment I got the
email that said it was ready to go on
YouTube I got five other emails with
five copyright claim oh sure from five
different companies
it was great let them fight over the
rights but now we have five companies
fighting over the Admiral for me for one
video there's a problem like that nobody
gets the money that's great
I don't think they would have to be the
case cuz then they gotta fight with each
other yeah they're not gonna do that
they don't lose time for that shit
the only problem is there are ads
running fear of other Jim Qin he's a
YouTube channel oh yeah he's done that
deliberately worth it was good knows
he's gonna use Nintendo footage he'll
just use like a bunch of copyrighted
songs in funny
but I am joining those BOTS they're
instant let's see here
TNG after-dark says hello all such a
pleasure to see my three favorite boys
all in one room
holy fuck I'm high on life right now
hail Satan I think you're high in life
pal yes si in hell i jo 79 says when I
went asked about iTunes music quality
the late Steve Jobs said when given the
choice between quality and convenience
consumers will always choose the lab hmm
god bless that man that horrible man god
bless that horrible older man really
I've heard nothing but horrible things
but he created some great products yeah
I've been reading masters who do and
apparently john carmack he wasn't due
money he bought a new couch
and his blog cat peed on it so he
basically had the cat put to sleep oh
yeah that's a nice new couch it was a
nice new couch so so Steve Wright Steve
Jobs is right of course and so what's
the lesson that the VR fucks can learn
from this is how do you make VR
accessible to everyone
yeah how do you make it so people don't
have to strap a big stupid thing on
their head how do you make it so it's
not five to seven hundred dollars for
one thing not including games you know
yeah mochi b85 says hello a rich Jack
and Jay I think people just want rich to
strap VR goggles onto his face stumble
around trashing the room and yelling oMG
it's so fucking immersive one can only
dream it's I mean it's probably we still
good idea verbatim
oh that's that's like it the next video
oh I got it so immersive but like the
footage I show in Mikado's won't be
anything you're playing it'll just be
like a like a horse artificial
insemination
it's gonna happen how do you like this
overlay room
it's which overlay anything no comment
okay yep that's very J's wearing a
Creepshow Father's Day shirt I am it's
making Creepshow look like the end of a
video game looks great it says your head
is a cake game over
Oh budge budget budget Messiah
u-kwon or pronounced as or Kwan or gone
new hack frauds or a chi or a chi it's
pronounced through the Lord of the Rings
and you should get the game if not to
save the defeat of the hierarchy of
battle crawls but to allow rich to heal
his mass effect induced scarves rich
doesn't care about his cars they make
him more manly
he said that J you seen Hail Caesar yeah
I just watched it recently no it's okay
it's mid-tier Coen Brothers
it's one of their their slightly more
indulgent ones where it's like we just
want to make scenes that are reminiscent
of old Hollywood styles because there's
lots of different types of you know
there's like the old Busby Berkeley
musical there's what else isn't it oh
like the old Ben Hur type epics it's
just an excuse for them to do those type
of seasons it's good I mean it's a solid
movie I would rank it right in the
middle somewhere of Coen Brothers movies
okay it's worth watching somewhere above
Ladykillers Ladykillers is near the
bottom lady killers and intolerable
cruelty those are those are at the
bottom Bart I agree but yacht's barton
fink their best but barton fink is one
of their best movies yeah absolutely
absolutely
I got it was really bizarre though I was
watching Hail Caesar and I didn't know
he was in this but all of a sudden
Christopher Lambert shows up who is the
guy from Highlander he's the Highlander
yeah and he was in the Mortal Kombat
movie of course and he showed up with
his Coen Brothers movie is like what the
fuck it's Christopher Lambert is very
bizarre to see him in a Coen Brothers
film he's only in like one scene it's
brief but he's in there is very weird
not the kind of person you would expect
the show up in a movie like that great
with his weird lazy eye and his accent
that I don't know what it is
uh-huh where's Christopher lamb what is
his accent chat where's Christopher
Lambert from like like Boston I just got
a gummy mouth
no one knows no one knows anonymous says
never-ending quest to spread the anime
faith Jack that's like people that are
adamant about VR yeah I like anime so
everyone should like anime you I know
you say them like a lot better but this
one here's the thing you guys know this
I am okay with enemies in general buko
new hero academia that's a sound stupid
guy super dumb putting that out there
it's x-men but Japanese less social
commentary more fun phrase animes Wow I
don't like the x-men or anime also I
think the social commentary is what kind
of makes x-men cool so you know whatever
even when it's ham-fisted at least it's
interesting and it's still different
yeah what makes it x-men you know it's
something
I am like I really like a lot of the
visuals in the action sequence in anime
because of course they can do things
that Sharon do in a real movie
not everything sometimes you're the
bullshit tolerance meter just goes off
the chart and that one sounds like it's
pushing that needle hard academia I'm
sure they're in a school and it's gonna
be like kids and I don't want me go
Colossus J did you get a chance to see
John Carpenter live no he hasn't come by
here yet though I will though he played
here in LA last night killed it uh yeah
I've heard good things about his his the
few live performances he's already done
so I'm excited great great
I've seen some YouTube clips it looks
fantastic I just think it's so great
that this this old guy that's like
bitter about Hollywood tight you got
tired of making movies he just hangs
around his house for the last ten years
watching basketball games and playing
video games this is what he does these
are his passions video games and
basketball just see how completely burnt
out and cynical about the entire system
just has this late career Renaissance as
like this cult music artist I think it's
so wonderful that he that he's
passionate about something again I think
it's really heartwarming I'm curious is
Game seven of the NBA Finals is that
affected into our viewership tonight is
that tonight yeah let me check her
number so uh is there much of a
crossover between people there are new
video games and people that are into
sports no I'm sure there is some but I
game sevens any I suppose
I know that that LeBron James is doing
very well in his sports he sports really
good he's sporting like the best because
he's really good at sports cap but
apparently he's like always good at
sports all the time and so like this is
just him continuing to be the thing he
always is so I just don't quite get why
it's so exciting because it's the
championships of sports the championship
your supporters of all sports right sure
everything I saw the my only knowledge
of the Final Four is the gift of him
blocking that guy's dunk no I guess I
guess it's the last two what by force
college guys
there's too many sports that make one
sport combine them all into one sport it
sounds like a terrible idea is that's
like the best idea
it made a movie about that oh oh
basketball yeah which is set in
Milwaukee Milwaukee zone basically the
Milwaukee beers was lame of the team
because those suckers are from Milwaukee
absolutely I saw David Zucker in the
deli once he was there with his mom
suckers ketball yeah yeah well David
Zucker did that okay yeah okay yeah they
were born here they lived here they went
to school in Madison that's where they
formed Kentucky Fried theatres and then
they moved out to LA yep one of one of
their partners back in the day dick shut
now then I went on to create comedy
sport
dick Chuck now was involved with them
doing what just amazing and Kentucky
Fried stuff and oh I didn't know I
Madison he they cuz they all did improv
together ya know kinda so I didn't know
he was in love with him then he did he
started up comedy Sportz improv
competitive Improv Theater
I dunno dick Chuck now his friends with
Nick Castle who played the shape in the
original Halloween oh and he wrote
escape from New York because I you
remember that we were doing a shoot and
it was some one of your shoots and we
finished at comedy Sportz sir and he was
there with Nick Castle and I was like I
said why do I recognize that guy and
then after we left I realized it was
Nick Castle Oh co-wrote fucking Escape
from New York one of my favorite movies
and you didn't realize what I didn't
realize that's who he was at the time oh
it's very disappointing he also went on
Castle to direct the Dennis the Menace
movie starring Walter Matthau with a and
he directed The Last Starfighter and
that was pretty much it for his
Hollywood career come on accounts where
dick shit dick is always there and he's
a great guy dick is one of the best
people I just curious how he would ever
be friends like Nick Castle was this
random person that's done some Hollywood
things isn't like famous it's the random
connection yeah cuz that's what happens
I'm sure I guess
and directed the last starfighter yeah
now that's probably his biggest movie is
he a local food you know because I don't
think so I know he I believe he met my
ease friends with did you know I mean
maybe he's originally for Milwaukee I
believe he met John Carpenter at UCLA or
a dog USC okay
I mean yeah the area
Madison guy maybe the Chicago guy yeah
we don't know we don't know nothing
about nothing I don't know about Nick
Castle other than II co-wrote Escape
from New York
like I learned a lot of stuff about dick
after I because I used to do county
sports and like you know what our comedy
sports what our company's improv comedy
so it's competitive improv comedy where
there are two teams trying to perform
improv with a specific set of rules and
basically that's just a framework for
people doing improv comedy and being
funny yeah you know I just never heard
of improv sports force oh okay yeah it's
I mean the competitiveness of it is kind
of made up for City yeah it's all just a
goof just a framework for the goofs but
I did it for a long time and dicks kind
of always been around and was a great
guy
came to my wedding hi I'm dick Jed now
didn't stay for long cuz my have my wife
did that's half way to do the ceremony
yeah it was very awkward I mean the
shouting really was the heart but uh
because my wife did it as well yes Jay
has seen my way I have seen the witch
it's a masterpiece
have you seen the way I have yes she was
she's very good at it there she was what
she did it for a lot longer than I did
to achieve a very good episode that's
where we met in high school is well I
was the coach of the comedy sports high
school team and she joined up yeah yeah
everyday lisa's very funny you would
never know that by talking to her which
is very funny
as mike wants to know and J if you want
the thing that they sent you wake and
fright I have not watched what wake and
fight wake it's I believe Australian
movie that he's asked about many many
times I haven't watched it I'll get to
it keep it keep asking I know you by
name now you've asked so much and I'm on
this stream once every six months I will
watch it someday okay
there's too many movies man
there's too many everything there's too
much everything all the times he be
shows his games as movies and comic
books
you got everything and then you got to
do like other shit too it's true then
you have to choose whether or not you
want to like you know watch a video or
make a video right you can TiVo or edit
a video right which sometimes turns out
to be the most time-consuming thing ever
like this most recent best of the worst
our discussion I don't know if you
realized that when we were doing it our
discussion was two hours and I yeah it
was two hours long it's so great how did
we get two hours out of that well half
of that two hours was devoted to one
movie specifically sure sure so I
chopped down as much as I could but then
you start dropping in the clips and the
screening footage and just that timeline
just goes back up I'm so excited it's
it's a good episode oh great great
that was a weird one did you properly
setup how late we were um not really
I think rich makes a comment about the
fact it's been a long night for so we
don't we didn't really discuss what the
deal was
here's the exclude the prereq exclusive
right here for this next best of the
worst I could not come until much much
later in the day and usually for the
best of the worst we start at like new
yeah it's an all-day thing and it's an
all-day thing but I don't think I got to
the studio until yeah we started
shooting the the reading in the back of
the boxes while we were waiting for you
to get your right but we didn't start
the first movie till like 6:00 6:30 yeah
so that means we started the discussion
at what midnight 1:00 in the morning
right around yeah somewhere in there I
got home after 2:00 and more it was an
insane night yeah it was great and
that's the normally like we take her
time like we'll watch a movie you know
take maybe 20 minutes half an hour to
kind of decompress you know and then we
have to take a food break at some point
in there like it's it's a long day of
shooting these and this one we just
mostly plowed through everything yeah
because otherwise we would have been
here till like 3:00 4:00 in the morning
so a little loopy a little loopy in this
one wait how do you people I was
standing like this took me the longest
to edit of any episode ever
well I'm sure pretty incoherent no it
just just because it was just so much no
it was very coherent it's actually one
of the most like clear discussions it
was just that there's so much well
that's great so much discussion and so
many good things to pull from the movies
good well it was it was my hi Peter J I
love watching the episodes the best I
love watching our discussion edited down
yeah it's just funny to look at like the
really early episodes like the first
episode I think is about half an hour
long and I can't even imagine keeping it
that condensed now I don't think we can
do it that's great
I can't believe the first episodes
that's short yeah Oh to hear
j-jack rich in the flesh will we ever
see a best of the worst where you are
all ripping bong bowls instead of
drinking beers that is not something
that you will ever see
no I sports legalization but I don't
partake absolutely we would just get
super sleepy I think the only thing
fueling us late at night sometimes is
just beard oh and we mix that with
absurd amounts of caffeine yeah you know
there's always a there's always a at
least a few Monster energy drinks or
gnosis energy drinks for the last
episode yeah that was us Marco Marco
hey wait got to stay awake gonna stay
awake anonymous says watching Jeon half
in the bag really inspired me to better
my life I don't want to turn out like
this asshole I better better my life
over the past week experience I've been
working out while rlm and previously
recorded and I've lost 30 pounds oh well
good for you and have a six-pack
hopefully you can get rid of the rest of
the way
well good for you
positive change yeah that's great
okay now it's on what what what's
happening right what great half in the
ball just you know yeah I don't know if
pot would work I know we know a lot of a
lot of comedy people you know big hot
people and that's part of their families
dick yeah there's a great there's a
great interview with key & peele on pop
do you watch key and Peele
I've seen random sketches I've never
seen like a whole episode of the show
they're funny they're very funny they're
great one of them is a big pothead and
one of them does not smoke any pod and
they they did an interview where they're
just talking about like their
relationship as writers and like the pot
and non pop dynamic dance it's a good
interview I recommend it for anyone who
I mean for anyone who likes comedy but
also like spots just found it
interesting
it were born potluck if we just say the
words hot exactly
j-just make the best of the worst three
hours we don't mind at all
well it's done it's been done for days
eventually you'll see it just what a
tease what a tease coming out come out
this way that's the thing is we never
announce like new episode coming out and
then the one time we do they run into
problems it's coming though it's done
it's done it's gotta wait for the
goblins YouTube goblins they got it
right I'm gonna call them from now on
yeah YouTube goblin stuff let's see here
Misner says Jack and Jay fight about
what editing software is the best so I
can make up my mind on which I should
switch to switch well I guess which to
depends on what you're using now right
if what you're using now you're very
comfortable with and you're an expert in
you can stick with that yeah but maybe
you'll never reach your true potential
that's not possible what if you could
become a master
no I get it you get comfortable you get
into your flow now and you don't want to
change anything I get that I've been
there changes changes it changed his
heart also it's a part of it is it's not
just about change it's about like are
you pointing to the change oh I say all
around all around us has changed yeah a
part of it for me too is that we're
always working on stuff so it's like
there's no time to take a break and just
learn a new program because it's like oh
I got to edit this new video I'm not
gonna try and learn to edit in a new
program now because that's gonna make
the video take forever to get finished
to throw the baby into the pool watch it
swim or drown or drown that's that's how
I made my switchover to premiere was
like I was working on a video and it's
like okay this is the video I'm gonna
start working with from here now boom
and it was a very frustrating process
yeah a big process but you know now of
course I'm just as fluent sure I
actually probably wouldn't even know how
to edit anything me in five seven
anymore man it's been so long so what
you're saying is your skills have gotten
worse some ways no my skills in an in a
software that has not been upgraded in
ten years how long um not ten years ten
years is a min ten is it
I'm gonna guess six or seven I'm gonna
Google this Google will know I'm gonna
guess it's under ten years
when was the last saw we're update to
final cut
7
an article written in 2015 says it's
been five years since lat Apple last
updated nigga
let's know too bad so it was last
updated in 2010 all right
so it's been Lee sixty-six change it's
been six years since the software was
updated yeah and it longer than that
since has been obsolete that's just the
last time summit update it works like a
charm though exactly still works
updates aren't always needed updates
aren't always needed the the biggest
thing the biggest selling point for me
was the fact that Final Cut 7 is a
32-bit program which means for those of
us who have more RAM it doesn't take use
of all of your rim right and so things
like rendering exporting like all of the
the stuff that can take over a really
long time takes twice as long in Final
Cut 7 it also if you work with and this
isn't a big problem for J but it was a
problem for me at the time when you work
with different video formats coming from
different cameras no share final cut
forces you to import all of them into
ProRes before you can even look at them
yeah
whereas premier just takes everything
neighbor right and you can work with
anything off the bat which was the big
issue for me
and then if you add into that it's
integration with After Effects and
obviously you guys don't use After
Effects in a ton for what you use right
it's integration with After Effects and
the other Adobe Suites from here starts
looking a table I understand all the
advantages of it oh yeah I just see I
just need no idea I just need a solid
few weeks where there's no like well I
want to gotta get this video video done
I want to get this video out you do this
all right can we just work with a video
that doesn't need to come out right away
right right because I understand I mean
I've used Premiere I understand a lot of
the basics but there's just like
specific things I need to to get more
clear on oh well and there is all
there's also Final Cut Pro X which well
nobody uses that well I'm saying that's
another option yeah
some people use it I know obviously
there I've heard it's gotten better
though right
it has anyone at first came out everyone
was like this is an embarrassment well
it was an embarrassment because Apple
decided to offload all of the atoms yeah
so that's the other thing though if
you're professional working with Final
Cut Pro X you also need to buy all of
these other add-ons to make it just a
work in the first place right and none
of that includes any other software and
you know now Adobe's doing the Creative
Cloud thing where it's you know 50 bucks
a month so you get everything Photoshop
it was the premiere After Effects after
effects including like you know mocha
tracking and now 3d rendering software
with with what's a compound it doesn't
matter but you know like you can now
make like your own 3d text swooping and
track it all in After Effects
it comes with fucking everything for 50
bucks a month is fake
when it works I've had some issues
lately I've had some issues some slight
issues I've had issues with the
Photoshop yeah it runs really slow and
clunky the newest version of Photoshop
okay no no less yeah yeah I could yeah
it could be a cached then maybe a lot of
those programs have like hidden caches
where it stores them stuff into the
cache I guess before hey I'm havin
looked into it too much I just noticed
lately it's been very slow that'll
happen so sorry if we were absolutely no
help to you I think use whatever you're
comfortable with whatever you're
comfortable with and you can get the
results that you want with yep just use
that well then just give up well no
because if you're new then use whatever
you can get for free yeah yeah learn the
basics fucking use iMovie cuz yeah yeah
exactly like you learn about pacing and
tiny one
and all that stuff you have three
options out there that won't give you
like beep the wealth of stuff or like if
like let's say you have a project coming
up right and you need like a
professional video then go premiere
because then you can pay $50 right and
get premiere and all of the stuff that
comes with that
yeah just for one month if you want on
now and then at at the end of the month
if you don't like it fucking cancel yeah
J have you seen looking I have seen the
witch it's a masterpiece
bread great great great
oh sorry the missing some tips we got
into talking about editing so I bought
the soundtrack to the witch on vinyl oh
yeah
which is kind of crazy cuz the
soundtrack does nothing but like
monotonous shrieking and droning noises
and I put it on and I'm like this is
great
it's not that kind of thing you put out
at a party but I like it you're gonna
put that on your next party I asked I'm
going to J it says I am James it
earmarks Pookie's to watch first shot as
an evil dead ripoff
the show serial shot by a porn director
yes I've heard of this movie I remember
the case for it when I was a kid at the
video store but I've never seen it yeah
it was like yeah like they filmed it and
like the producers or someone was on
half unhappy with it so they brought in
somebody else and reshot like half the
movie and it's just like a like a mess
I've heard a lot about it but I've never
seen it
I believe that James did James you're a
weird dude I believe you let's see here
jack rich and now Jay has blessed us
with his presence blessed blessed be the
brain who brings us the day are you guys
old pen and paper or Die role-players
nope nope nothing against it never gonna
do yeah Mike was yep
not my thing I played it once or twice
maybe was the people I played it with
but they took it super seriously and I
just wanted to goof around and they were
not having any of it that's a lot of
what it comes down to is finding that
right person same with me III eat I
think even with the right group I don't
think I would have gotten into it this
is not my thing
sure yeah you could have been an uber
nerd J what is the status of the doc of
the Dead footage do you guys shot a few
years back any chance of that ever being
released in any format and not up to us
that was a work-for-hire thing so
whatever they want to do with it that's
up to them we have no say in it make
your wishes known to exhibit a pictures
I guess would be who you would ask tell
them you'll pay money for
yoyoyo says anonymous we all know that
everyone in Harlem is known for their
insane extreme lifestyle so tell us okay
we're all just a bunch of boring
assholes we really aren't
okay you know what I was really happy
about about fathers there it's like you
I had a really quiet
just went along I played video games for
most of the day just I mean that's what
I was gonna do anyway but it was like
you know so anyway what was the where
were we
what was the most extreme you all's have
done the most extreme thing you all's
have done this year extended periods of
editing don't come that was gonna be
mine the most extreme I know anything
extreme this year this year y'all a very
parasailing that's closest to extreme
your and I did I went one time I was
like I need some things for my place I'm
gonna go to the mall and I'm gonna
browse for these things that's pretty
extreme and then I got there and I
realized how much I hate shopping and
how frustrated I get and so I looked
around for like five minutes and is like
I'm leavin and so that was my experience
going to the mall so that was the most
extreme thing I did oh yeah I attempted
to go to a mall and realized how much I
hate going to the mall so I left
Oh fantastic evening that is a nice
little day anonymous says hey guys do
you have any tips for an aspiring
screenwriter also Jay can you give us an
oh my god
I don't do that oh my god I guess I do
like I'm more so my god I say that kind
of regularly that's a good one
tips for an aspiring screenwriter don't
force it we had no comments on the new
sound or we had nobody nobody noticed
where's your network isn't that working
shit work yeah I've heard it something
is it sound too low honey it could be
too low I've heard him come up on the TV
so I think perfectly something you're
focused on the game right yeah I'm sure
gonna be a comment I haven't seen a
coming don't don't force what rich no I
said Jay don't whore
oh my god I am now let's see now I
didn't know my god but it was a genuine
that's a yeah like don't like force
yourself to write like there people who
are like you know the ideas aren't
coming but they still feel like they
need to write you know yeah
CID isn't there just wait cuz then when
it comes to you then it flows it blows
out I know I shouldn't know ok this is
just me speaking from personal
experience and I'm a shitty writer so
don't take what I say to heart too much
I'm just saying that I've done that
where it's like I feel like I should be
writing you know so you write something
and it's just like complete garbage cuz
you're forcing yourself to and like I've
heard nothing but the opposite advantage
can people say okay is you you ask ask a
professional screenwriter is you write
all the time because you can always go
back later and fix it I suppose but you
you need to make sure you are in the
habit of writing you can if you want to
write that's what you do all the time in
so like that's your work yeah you know
I think back says a lot of videos on his
channel about screenwriting doesn't name
I can only see I would recommend that go
to his channel like regardless of what
you think about max Linus he's got lots
of good advice when it comes to writing
because that's what he does
professionally yes regardless of whether
you like his writing or not that's he's
making a living doing it and he's got
lots of ideas and lots of advice that's
a good good thought dick neutral don't
think you have to write chronologically
sure that's it that's good if you just
like have a scene in mind you can just
write that scene or you know what let's
say you don't necessarily feel like
writing the thing you're writing like
the movie you're writing just go write
something else from a different movie
that was what um when when my like my
cousin who is a director back in the day
he was living with a couple people who
were trying to write and what they would
do for like exercises is they would just
try to rewrite old movies with a
different twist to them
you know you rewrite jaws but about
bears in the woods you know like and
just just as writing exercises just to
keep writing camp if they want
necessarily in the moment and so that
that's the only advice I've ever heard
it just cheap right so don't don't
listen to me that's the best advice in
any situation is don't listen to me
unless it's about Final Cut Pro 7
English jános everything every shortcut
and finally I do I do
okay you can let you know that I can
handle
let's see here J says anonymous have you
seen the which is of Eastwick I have I
remember being okay it's not a
masterpiece
unlike the witches nice but it's okay by
the way I downloaded society on your
recommendation and have not looked it up
yet don't look at don't like of any
information on it just watch it one day
is it something I can watch before done
I watched it's not scary so yes you can
watch it before bed ok society but you
are watching it out of context reg it
does you have to mention the the
build-up of the rest of the movie before
you get to the stuff that you saw and it
does affect how you feel about those
things I think it may be not much but it
doesn't give me too much I love that
movie I do it's great just as guy you
know says here's five dollars Jack
please never say cachet again unless
you're saying that rich Evans has a lot
of cash aid the word cash is pronounced
cat you know like in computer terms when
it's a cash but it has an emu it's not
pronounced Kesha it's been scat
I did not know that thank you just this
guy you know sport the bomb No
oh yeah we have three bombs it's gone it
was was math is fun why do I think see
that had three bombs it's all quick it's
all cool anonymous says Jack have you
seen x-men apocalypse yet no I have not
I will probably see it when it comes to
video on-demand because I think it's out
of theaters already also if your kids
watch this the Star Wars prequels and
enjoyed them more than the originals
what would you do
just own them no because I would
understand that their kids and they
generally have bad taste in shit they do
know of the prequels existence now that
they have finally learned that the
prequels exist yeah yeah
yeah I did that's exactly what it cuz
they're just like wait there are other
movies I was like oh yeah they're just
not as they're not as good as the movies
that we saw and so I didn't think you
would like them because you know you've
already seen the good one then they go
oh okay there's a lot easier than I
thought it was just like yeah there's a
bad movie and you object triggered oh
yes I've seen some Batman Beyond I don't
think I made it past like the first
season or anything but yeah because I
was a fan of Batman the Animated Series
and I came on right after that are
similar lets see yeah
mmm
recruit muffins for you I'll talk to Jay
about that gets back rich yeah there's a
question for everyone what is the most
emotional piece of entertainment you've
seen heard or played emotional I think
of some that tugs at your heartstrings I
got to write it up yeah yeah of recent
the most emotional thing I've seen is
Creed oh sure
rocking God you know the part that got
me in Creed yeah and it wasn't it was
more just because I know like behind the
scenes going on there's a part when
Adonis moves into Rocky's place with him
and he's in paulie's old bedroom and
he's looking at a photo and it's rocky
in his son and it's actually sage
Stallone rocky girl son her Sylvester
Stallone's real son who died a few years
ago Yeah right who died a few years ago
and he says something about how his sons
not around anymore and he's talking
about in the movie the context of the
movie he's talking about how he moved
out of the city or whatever yeah but
like him talk looking at this picture of
his real son and talking about that as
like oh cuz that sage Stallone was a
good dude was dead yeah yeah you know a
few years ago he started a company
called grind house releasing they put
out like blu-rays of we heard movies so
yeah he was he was really passionate
about that stuff yeah seen that picture
him and his kid I'm talking about his
kid being gone as like Oh
good emotional core it does can you
think of can you think of another
example doesn't necessarily have to be
in recent the question was most
emotional piece of entertainment to you
to heard boy example yeah um most
emotional I don't know I remember when I
was younger I was really into Bjork
music and I went to see dancer in the
dark Oh God and it was a goddamn mess
it's a good movie but it's it's not a
pleasant movie and I was not right you
know like I was sold on that movie as
like it's Bjork and she's like sure mine
she it's a musical I was like oh how
whimsical were you unfamiliar with the
director that film I absolutely I did
not know where that was going so I was
not prepared for dancer in the dark yeah
fucking already I was in film school and
that came out was saying all right yeah
I think it had just come out and our our
film TA in class got talking about
dancer in the dark and told the students
that if they go to see it they should
leave before the last like 15 minutes of
the movie like you're a film teacher and
you're telling people to leave before
the end of a movie before the point
before the whole point of the movie fuck
yeah dude when are we saying we we cry
or just get choked up oh I fucking cry
my face is a mess I'm no good I'm no
good I need a moment I tear up
absolutely
I need several moments
holy Rip Curl rift oh let's see here oh
yeah J we you don't have to read it or
don't read it out loud but read this top
one from recruit now pimps bring you
hmm yeah that's what I've done that's
why that's the face I'm in uh I said huh
contact that red letter media yes I
think is the appropriate response yes
for recruits muffins for you no bonus
for me no bonus I've still never seen up
I've always heard the first like ten
minutes or whatever
Rexie oh the fritz but the opening
montage of the movie but it's also a
bait and switch because like the first
ten minutes rexine you go okay that's
the emotional core but then like near
the end yeah oh there's a whole thing
you didn't see coming
I know that movies got a talking dog in
it and that makes me hasn't to watch it
oh no it's the most acceptable talking
dog all right
they found a clever way to do it okay
it's the most acceptable fucking to fuck
it gets the rich Evans seal a seal of
approval I'm talking dogs that's
something you don't see every day
good
they're just the entire the entire last
half-hour of Toy Story 3 oh yeah fucking
hell man
just fucking hell take all of our years
of viewership for granted just rip our
hearts right out and then they'll give
us our hearts back but they're somehow
softer and warmer which I fucking Toy
Story 3
fucks love you
you know what invisible strings I'm not
gonna say I hated it I was a little
disappointed overall it's great it's
great it's great I'm not saying it's bad
let's say I'm not saying it I'm
definitely not saying how could you be
disappointed by something that has no
right to exist and actually does the
fact that that exists at all and is as
good as it is I can't I can't understand
anyone that would be disappointed by it
better how um I was not happy with how
they handled some of the monster stuff
listen I wasn't happy every time they're
outside and it's obviously fucking New
Zealand who cares because they keep
saying they're like where are they
supposed to be again not like I forget
but usually gonna miss your gala like
and you just go outside there's like
sheep oh yeah fucking guys you can't get
rid of the Sheep I don't remember so
this is nitpicky bullshit yeah I'm not
properly articulating my my feelings
didn't feel I loved it I loved that they
just completely doubled down on how much
of an ass ash is
and Ted Rama's coming on to season two
I'm excited about that
Josh's dad only majors yeah which is
bizarre
I apologize that I can't get super nerdy
itself wasn't super in good time
whatever you're crazy but I can ever
well it's like I wasn't super into it
and I love those movies and so on yeah
that's a disappointment to me
I like when you get to these lady love
his music it's nice and the guys still
sings along huh
too much grindhouse not enough for no I
don't yeah it's I'm working hard in my
brain in my drunk brain that's
articulated I think you are expecting to
be disappointed that you're shocked that
you won't in your brain can't believe it
oh my brain won't believe my thoughts
Jay says Jay loves me hey Jay you are
lame because you don't we should just
end it there
okay great yeah I definitely do not like
the ending the ending of a season that's
how TV works if there was only gonna be
the one season
I would agree fully and I'm sure yeah
but absolutely knowing its continuing
though
mekka it could be it could just be that
the old ones are I've let I've elevated
up so high but I should be just excited
I yeah well like I've elevated the old
ones up high you will add to is one of
the most important movies of my life
yeah yeah that's kind of saying
something coming from you the the
creativity of the filmmaking the humor
so bruce campbell yeah oh yeah yeah it
changed my life that movie as it should
it's such a weird thing to say about
such a goofy movie but it's true and the
fact that this many years later that
group of friends that you know just high
school friends from Michigan that
they're still doing that stuff this is
great
seven beers Kirk makes a really valid
point say I feel like evil in two steals
a lot of wonderful Thunder from me the
big one really valid point yeah evil m2
is basically a remake of Evil Dead one
just in a different style people go to a
cabin there's demons and bad shit
happens it's the same thing but it's
it's the same thing but completely
different I think like everyone I
thought Evil Dead 2 first most yeah yeah
with a lot of people did I did and then
you watch you go back and you watch Evil
Dead 1 and he go
wait a minute it's just the first 5
minutes of what how did they make that
into a whole movie answers your cares is
great for bringing us evil then too I
saw those movies because I used to get
fingery a magazine every month and there
was an article about this army of
Darkness movie which I'd seen the the
trailer for it and I knew it was the guy
who directed dark man and I like the
dark I like dark man yeah so I was
reading in about army darkness and it's
like this is a sequel to some other
movies weird and so then I went out one
weekend and rented evil that evil ed to
and for whatever reason my brother
watched Evil Dead and I didn't watch it
with him and then right after it got
over he put an evil dead 2 and I came
down and watched that one for whatever
reason I didn't watch the first one
without one so he let two and then the
next morning I went back and watched the
first one this is so different this is
so weird
right and then I forced my dad cuz they
evil dat our army of darkness like it
bombed horribly in theatres and it was
it had already come out and was gone
from theaters so I didn't get to see it
and then for whatever reason one of the
theaters in her town it was just there
one weekend it was back like he wasn't
in theaters like the week before and
then they just it came back and so I was
like dad you need to take me because
it's rated R I couldn't get into it all
right
it's like dad you need to take me to
this movie you have no idea how
important it is to me so he took me to
see it so I got to see Hermia darkness
in the theater and and after it got over
my dad just goes I have no idea what the
hell was going on in that that's
absolutely recruit more pimps for you
says Jay any best of the worst
recommendations I already seen double
down Miami connection troll to I'm
looking for something absurd like the
end of blood deaths a movie you all
haven't talked about that's so tough
that it's tough because if there are
movies like that we will have talked
about them good I can't think of
anything that we haven't already talked
about yeah maybe
twisters revenge if you can find that
it's on one of those like 50 movie packs
those DVD packs I think an action one we
haven't done we haven't done that we all
saw it
yeah doing the show I think i streamed
it one year on the new year stream but
yeah twisters revenge a regional movie
that was shot in Wisconsin no that one's
kind of goofy and weird and I enjoy it
good the chipper what does that blood
Shack Oh blood Shack I can find that on
YouTube that one is worthwhile get your
hands on blood shack baby blood yeah
yeah blood shacks a big one that we've
never talked about or done anything with
literally the start of shooting a rodeo
yeah there is an episode where we
explain what shoot the rodeo is right I
think so I think there is because we
mentioned in the new episode and I left
it in and I was like I think we've
explained oh oh oh what can you do for
those of you who don't know there's a
term called shooting a film maker that
we coined I don't remember who
specifically but as a group he coined it
collectively we coined it I wish a
filmmaker will say film something that's
happening in their area to add
production value today a movie even
though they might have nothing to do
with that right in the case of blood
Shaq there's a lot of footage of the
actors at a rodeo and that looks great
yeah it also pays out your runtime Oh
double yeah
rodeo is a well produced thing that in
your film looks like you put some money
to a film but you right there shooting
the rodeo so when you see something like
that in a movie we always say they're
shooting the rodeo there sang reflux Wow
okay what episode chat what episode
really explain max I don't remember we
love the worst number seven with
dog-sitter
okay seems weird that we would explain
it on an episode where we don't watch
movies is that really it guys double
double someone double-check this time
it's lupus yeah he might be lying I mean
in that episode the doc said her only
show footage of a rodeo so maybe that's
what he's thinking oh really
cuz that's where we have the monkey was
riding I'm the dog juicy Shaq meat is a
thing invisible strings that's a real
thing that some people are really into
I've never beaten the game with this
character exciting are you about to beat
the game you explain to shoot the rodeo
because they shot a rodeo
Oh apparently it was explained in a real
episode variant trial that's weird
hopefully there's enough real the best a
crossover nice I don't know if I I don't
know if I believe them no offense is
what they're saying I'd have to go back
and re-watch it I mean we might explain
that in that video they are literally
filming a rodeo but I have arts on
believing that we would explain the
expression that we coin shoot the rodeo
in that episode we'll probably you know
what we were probably just desperate to
explain I think we had explained it
earlier episodes that it got cut just
for time I think so I don't know
we use the term shooting a rodeo
constant yeah yeah we are getting
doubled on people are saying that we
wait I don't think I was on that episode
if multiple people are saying is I'd
have to go back and relaunch it people
are saying it is true we explained it
yeah okay oh wait now if someone is
saying you did man you fuckers I think
your shit together chat you're supposed
to get to our shit together you gotta
get yours
mike says the stock footage and dog
sitter felt like shooting the rodeo so
we might have used the term in that
video but was it ever explained yeah
right some fans you guys are you you
don't even know my new details on videos
that came up eight months ago punch back
Jax is J I really like review do you
think there will be an opportunity to
talk about less well-known movies on
them there will ya
coming soon there will I send to really
like your obscure recommendations eg yep
there will be rich apparently doesn't
approve of this idea of the rich does
not like you at all
return of the necrodancer oh cool
I've never done this fight ever so
jesus fucking christ No
the arena's giving me anxiety right
that's just looking at it that's a great
run there's a great run yeah you look
how far you made it a speed run but you
made it that far speed run time jack
says anonymous I'd be able to remember
what best of the worst in which shoot
the rodeo was explained if I didn't have
a memory erasing seizure from this new
background fuck you a novice it jack
Zack Snyder got fired what that true
from what Justice League
that'd be great uh hold on I think
someone is giving us proof about
shooting the rodeo oh I'm gonna watch
this video and then we're gonna thank
our subscribers I'm right with you
great oh wait San Torian has given us a
link to best the worst we lowest number
seven I hope this video doesn't get
flagged for copyright because we're
gonna watch this they're our own video
that would be ironic we're gonna flag
the video on your channel I'm muting the
sound
well actually what America's you're
playing that long ago but you didn't
send me the timecode you just sent me
the video I'll just assume it's that one
if multiple people are confirmed it
doesn't really matter
jack we still hate the background great
great great I hear you
let's thank some subscribers Oh Jack I'm
sorry I'm a jerk
we're gonna do a little more in the
belly
make sure it's a nice big mess in your
car beer Meister oh by the way yeah for
the people who are watching this later
on YouTube and I'll often get confused
why we just say people's names come on
we're thanking our subscribers everyone
who subscribed to us during this
broadcast and for how long they've
subscribed like beer Meister 2089
subscribed for nine months in a row
except you weren't supposed to say that
a lot because it doesn't have at least
12 months we don't say the number of
months unless they have at least 12 I
said that Zico cific a so you then
explain that he got a freebie
yeah free Kriegers 780 321 fucking
months in a row Shawn heliosphere 1969
buttermilk biscuits 17 months in her own
casual horse I get a Sarah Chen MC Lucas
24 months in a row just this guy you
know 18 months in a row
jolly nihilist earnest con 19 months in
a row to bori HK 17 once a row
Alvin fucks mr. gray ugly Bob ugly Bob
ugly Bob Dylan to 5/4 bill Holt was
banana
that's great
usery name 20 fucking months in a row
and james le thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it
it's true we really do and as far as the
background did you did you notice that
they're all newer subscribers - they're
all newer subscribe yeah there are a lot
fewer of like the over a year or 20
month people do you think it's because I
