Jun 22, 2016
Mighty No. 9
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/81034152
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KYDx4rTgepk
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/745711925858795523

how's everyone doing welcome everyone
having a fine night tonight everyone's
having a great night tonight you won't
employ me to can reconsider what Chet Oh
playing mighty number 9
this game getting that much hate the the
chat gives us 30 minutes Wow before we
give up Wow
ringing endorsement tiny turnip better I
thought this is this is overlay for
version 5 with with keeping in mind
feedback from both rich and Jay the
overlay is slightly less shitty Congrats
by taking what you take what you can get
time taken it and we're gonna make it
one more versions yeah of the overlay
yeah rich had some thoughts on this
version so we're gonna make one more
version that I really think is gonna
gonna sent you oh my god why this game
because this game design rowlandson new
what's new what this game just came out
yesterday we wanted to play the new game
and you know what rich I loved Megaman
do you love Megaman Megaman no no where
does the hate for this game stem from
what what is the where's the politics
behind this hate like this like day
after it came out yeah the is there some
kind of political bullshit behind the
scenes where Kenji did something I've
supported something no I liked my I
believe the fans feel betrayed why
because this game was sold to fans you
know this was a kick-started game and it
was sold to fans as we're making another
Megaman we're just putting a new skin on
it yeah and I believe I've played this
game a very little bit like I said I'm
under an hour and it's very much not a
Mega Man with a new skin on it okay and
so I believe they feel betrayed
they feel duped
can cost four million dollars you know
in game development terms that's not
much that's not much at all not much at
all and remember they made four million
dollars yes that's that's partly that's
profits - you're allowed to make profits
well and a Kickstarter takes a cut they
have to you know there's physical
rewards that I'm sure like take the cod
there's there's four million is not that
large a number oh that's a ledge cramp
there's no wall jump
there's ledge grabs okay okay yeah which
takes a little bit to get used to I
can't blow those up god this is ugly
why is he standing on a truck that some
ten-year-old kid made out of cardboard
refrigerator boxes how is he not
collapsing through that that's clearly
that's clearly made out of cardboard
this this looks like what happens when
you try to build like a truck in the
doom engine and you only spend like you
know ten minutes on it right then the
the very little I plate of the game
Safari and the entire thing reeks of a
fan game like have you ever used like
like one of those like create your own
game software's no where they're like in
five minutes you can make your own Angry
Birds
that's what this feels like
in all 52 States I'm being told we have
a comment from Gregory Graham CEO of
cherry dynamic cherry dine of course
being the world's leading robot
manufacturer let's go there now live
overlay font should become extends but
I'm chummy
I like my fun you read my fonts alone
I'll defend that font it's a nice nice
thick easy to read fonts notifications
are definitely not some motivate
notifications you something that's
really long cutscene well not only long
cutscene but nobody's mouth moves
that's no one care about the board yeah
like how much how much did they ask for
for the Kickstarter cuz that's the real
development cost sure let's get here you
know what I will look it up well you can
check to make sure that these sub
notifications are above the red thing
and my opinion everything over that
outside of what it costs to do their
little bonuses that's justified profit
cuz they're a traffic you know you make
a game cuz you want to make some money
you know make it cuz you didn't get your
board so I'm gonna make a mega man
knockoff for free right oh oh yeah
you're gonna check the yeah yeah the
overlay they asked for well this should
be higher or lower than the higher
they're both higher oh then I don't know
then I don't know
and all the tips here are from last
dream yep they asked for just under a
million they asked for 900,000 okay
for that amount of money I think this is
fair the outcome the mouth movement and
but it's still ugly it's very good like
I mean this is everything that's that's
wrong about doing side-scroller in 3d
uh-huh where everything just looks
horrible and boxy mmm now if they did
this in sprites yeah why don't you you
might have some nice clean looking
beautiful sprite work oh now they're
complaining there's some sort of buzzing
sound oh did that fix the buzzing sound
did that fix the buzzing sound great
sorry this is a problem with sharing
equipment what oh yeah yeah J playing
around with this stuff
JJ was playing around with it I fixed it
so that right there you just saw that
that's the new give for this game is you
have to shoot and then absorb your
phone's tall if Vic says first time
catching guys live at 2 a.m. here in
Moscow Russia overlay is much better
Moscow Russia
Wow overlay is much better at all it's
almost there Congrats I can't shoot them
huh I shot him enough he died does he
yeah
oh well then what is absorbing them do
probably just get you extra stuff okay
Congrats on having fans and Putin land
it's probably just me keep it up you
fucks Thank You Lou welcome from Putin
land
so like see how he was read going yeah
yeah but I didn't need to the way I
heard if it sounded like a necessity I
didn't I thought it was when I the way I
was playing it I thought it was a
necessity it is necessary for the bosses
or else their health regenerates okay is
what I will say
a little bit all right so back to what
people aren't liking about this game
they feel betrayed about the cost I'm
just that's my theory you're you're
allowed to make a profit on the game you
want to make absolutely absolutely no I
like I said my theory is that they they
wanted Megaman with a new skin on it and
what they got was not as good as Megaman
with the new skin on it and they're
upset about that I don't know so far is
not the worst megaman game ever made
it's just the new Megaman gimmick right
well that's what he was trying fuck ugly
ugly ass in the method changes that
they're saying the worst megaman game is
mega man soccer have you ever played
mega man soccer actually I think I did
yeah see so you get like little
power-ups when you absorb people that's
a speed powerup what about what about
the the the 3d Mega Man X game not Mega
Man Legends high quality it's a great
mega man and zelda the hybrid the one
that was just a shooter that was in 3d
uh one that was like yeah he's like oh
they did one that was just some kind of
weird 3d like I don't know if it was a
shooter but and they did another one
that was kind of a side scroller but not
always
I don't know the last basically the last
couple of Megaman X Games really
atrocious looking really really not
beloved games
I did read Sonic's tweet that was that
was a dick move sonic did you see that
what the official sonic the hedghog
Twitter account yeah
like the verified Sonic the Hedgehog's
twitter account had this like smug ass
picture of Sonic the Hedgehog and it's
and it said congratulations
congratulations on the release at mighty
number 9 it's better than nothing with a
smug ass Sonic picture on it see now
he's purple so yeah I got a dash at him
and I just thought that was the most
dick move ever you know like you're a
critic you're a fan you on it you want
to talk about like damn being shitty
that's fine but you're another developer
man have some respect
I'm not hating this yeah
metroid is the best megaman game ever
it was sanic to talk exactly right
oh you gotta be rich congratulations i
think people need to manage their
expectations well it could be in this
new era of Kickstarter and whatnot and
you know there's just an adjustment
period and no so far you cannot charge
your shots I'm hoping there's an upgrade
I'm not hitting this well good I'm
considering the mood I've been in the
last couple of days that's saying a lot
jack will the timer pop up when Rich is
logged in yeah I saw that showing up why
is that why is the timers popping what
timer I got something to check here that
says that was us tweeting previously
recorded live connected to Twitter zero
hours and 20 I have no idea why that
timer showed up we did not write that is
it some kind of twitch bot and is that
coming up people in the stream asking
when we started oh that could be that
could be I'd no idea it might be some
weird AI thing yes that could be yeah
wait what
is assimilation okay just look look
they're not they're not they're barely
moving and they're not moving their
mouths and shit but I'm just saying it
looks cheap it yeah it looks cheap yes
here's the thing though yeah nine
hundred thousand dollars for a game
that's relatively cheap oh yeah leftover
beefcake added a connection timer oh
okay they're they're not terrible
character designs they're not terrible
II guess we'll just disagree on that one
I just think they all look very ugly the
weird 3d what doesn't need to be 3d shit
and it's just like the characters
themselves look good although you can
really upset about the lack of mouth
movements yeah I mean just now it's not
I don't care if the game's fun I don't
give a shit if the game is fun it's a
fun Megaman game don't give a shit okay
what what is ugly as hell just eyesore
everything that's not a character the
environment you know even even though
the enemies so far yeah very ugly very
ugly but the main like mighty number 9
themselves this this jerk they look bad
oh and I said I think I think mighty
I think BEC looks ugly which one is BEC
that mighty number 9
okay thanks fine you just want him to
look like Megaman no he looks even
different than the than the concept art
yeah yeah he looks very different than
the concept art I haven't I haven't been
following it that closely so I don't
know what the content looked like how
different isn't different enough like
what and you know maybe this is like
costume add-ons later but like he had
like more color variation his arms
weren't like that long he looked
different he looked cool well this -
isn't bad I don't
dashing into enemies I'm I'm I'm cuffs
waiting this Jack Rich's on board all
right well board
that's bottom buddy nine train all right
you know what then I'm happy I'm happy
that you're on the right at night at
night ray okay there's others like
temporary bonuses yeah yeah you you
absorb a red one and you get you get a
like a fire shot bonus you absorb a
green one you get a speed bonus I don't
know what Bluto maybe male blues help I
don't know what blue does I wonder what
kind of upgrades we're gonna get I would
like to charge I would like go wall jump
let me go wall jump - is good - yeah
yeah and I don't think the levels are
designed around wall jumps I think
levels are designed around them around
hanging often but I do so
yeah the levels everything that's not
mighty number 9 on the screen right now
it looks like crap I don't know that's
enough for me - damn the game if it's
fun you know whatever
sure it controls nice yeah this came out
yesterday this was a released yesterday
for for PC and all of the all of the
consoles and then they're working on the
they're working on a Vita and the 3ds
version that will be out soon ish oh
wait the Wii U version I don't think is
out yet no this this controls very nice
okay I like the controls it's fun game
what's problem yeah it's ugly
alright we've established that
they'd be cooking with gas and
everything looked as nice as the little
character model
bring it on what was the last 2d Megaman
today well didn't they just make they
made those like retro to the mega man's
a while back okay
mega man 8 and 9 honestly well you know
what out Google bad news I'm wondering
how how this game stacks up to some of
those sure there's no shadowing or light
subtlety at all okay okay that does not
bother rich Evans at all does he jump
around good does he control all when he
jumps around is it fun to shoot things
dodge with a little dash thing the
enemy's gonna meet maybe see the things
that are important Mega Man 10 came out
in 2010 okay the last one that wasn't
like retro style is way I think we have
a good idea how that one's gonna handle
yeah mega man ZX Advent in the year 2007
might be the last like 3d Mega Man game
I don't know what the point of the high
scores in this game is they do have
leaderboards so maybe it's just a
leaderboard thing or you know it's just
a personal personal best thing that was
that was the case with every high score
in every old stone there's a game ever
made exactly yes they could have had a
school cool skybox I'm not here's the
thing I'm not denying the absolute
ugliness of the environments it's
absolutely hideous here's the thing
playing it with my hands on the
controller it handles well
yeah great Lex says I'm only giving you
the tip because I don't want to stick
the whole thing
yes the fire guy's name is Pilar Padme
that's fine that makes sense
we're not going to nitpick about names
when in the game we like your
character's name is the Mega Man Mike
we're not gonna get people are bitching
about the name to someone well someone I
don't know if they were being sarcastic
but someone said so the fire guys name
is pyro and that was the inflection that
I put on it was like that's not Castro
seems like the - - it's not limited you
do it like gravity is involved I thought
no you can keep doing it I like that
when it comes to gameplay this game
keeps winning me over
thanks spooky Dookie my team number 9 he
doesn't walk to the hardware store while
talking to the other character Banas
child well not a real game
what Oh a better lest of us yeah because
I'm gonna keep doing that forever this
fuck it
Thank You captain jerk you want to be oh
you guys want a juicy shack meat
emoticon I don't know how to do that cuz
we can't use Shaq's face it's against
it's against the rules to use someone's
image without their submission let's see
here is scabby Mick crap says hey Jack
what is your review on overwatch and do
you have a favorite character a big fan
of you guys thanks for the content
exclamation point
overwatch is great I'm really enjoying
it my review is is really simple where
if you loved Team Fortress 2 you're
gonna love overwatch if you liked the
idea of class based team oriented
first-person shooter you're gonna love
overwatch my favorite character so far
is Farah because I love her ability to
kind of fly and hover and share rocket
launchers great and there's a lot of
levels that have kind of pits and stuff
and I love pushing people off yes fire
fucking I'm just fucking
Farrah's great fares one of my favorites
I've been playing I've been playing with
her a lot lately also what's her name
now Symetra whenever whenever I'm on
defense I always love playing his
Symetra as she has these like in
infinite turrets sentry turrets that she
can place around that slows down your
enemies but also harms them and you can
hide them just about anywhere she's
super fun to play as and she's very
helpful to the team because her her
powerup is a tell oppress the map that's
great I just did you did it rich you did
you did the fun thing what oh that's
sweet dodging oh not that one
well not that one no but yeah it's
pretty tight thanks too much new key so
it depends on what kind of multiplayer
player you are but if you like the idea
of teamwork teamwork is so necessary in
overwatch which is why I love it because
it actually forces you to pay attention
to the other people you're playing with
but it's also very visual simple
teamwork it's very much like rocket
League the teamwork where you can kind
of just see what your teammate is doing
and kind of get a general idea and
everyone has their role and as long as
you know what your role is you'll do
great so
hi dark forest wolf flumsy the the
unique give about this game as far as
comparing to megaman games as this
little - that rich is doing where you
see he shoots a guy and then they turned
into a color and then he dashes into
them absorbing some of their energy
which gives you bonus points and some
power-ups you know morally the man did
invent in fucking Megaman he wants to if
he wants to rip off he created I don't
give a shit isn't that uh Jeff Fogerty
he got his record company sued him
because he he made a song that sounded
too much like CCR yes which he was the
front man oh yeah and songwriter for but
you know they owned that right they own
the rights to CCR so they sued him for
ripping off his own song
I could see it no no no mighty number 9
you grabbed that ledge fucker
tolik FCT rose versus column columns
like the Coliseum so columns go up rows
go across I remember because rich Evans
gave me a good mnemonic device columns
like the Coliseum and cheek' likes chips
I don't know if that was you to someone
said that to me which made to help me
remember Chiques name
High Street CEO
hello froggen rock welcome to the stream
no I'm good yes yeah no no I said that
night died oh you shouldn't listen you
should he said it shouldn't I was
getting it I was yep that's right steam
I did hear that as steam summer sale
starts tomorrow so you can buy a whole
bunch of games that you'll never play
there's worse problems you have Thank
You Krieger the the overlay I had a talk
with rich and Jay after the stream and
they they gave you some very helpful
suggestions
unlike all the chat suggestions which
were not very helpful they gave me
what's called constructive feedback
we're gonna give it a shot or there's
one more change I'm gonna make before
before we give a final year some more
changes and maybe a couple of streams
and then we'll take another vote
the overlay is limping its way towards
being acceptable but it's not there yet
well I'll take acceptable the
subscribers and the tips should be
showing up on the thing if they're not I
don't know why they're not lolly battle
machine oh wait sorry anonymous says
Jack how did the editing thing start did
you just come home from the butcher shop
one day and started watching tutorial
videos and decided that's what you
wanted to do for a living also hi rich
hey yo no no it started I I was always
into comedy and my my cousin and I would
you know right
skits we wanted to do sketch comedy like
everyone wanted to do in the mid 90s
early 2000s and we got a camera and we
started filming our sketches and making
horrible horrible comedy videos and I
started editing because all we had was
us I started editing and you know back
in the day we were editing like tape to
tape you know this this was you know
before digital where we had to you know
you had to cassette or two VHS is
basically I remember editing in camera
yeah or editing in camera yep where you
would record to a VHS and press play and
I'd have to stop at just the right
moment and then you know on your camera
rewind and fast forward until you got to
the next part and then hit record on the
VHS that's how I started editing
to watch that one falls too rich and
then and then my movie came out and
Final Cut 7 I got my hands on a copy of
Final Cut 7 and it became slightly
easier and slightly harder and just kept
doing it because I was the only one
around to make my videos that I wanted
to make
so that's it
lowly battle machine three-to-two says
rich why are you enjoying this game
don't you know that you're supposed to
hate this game because the developer
blew four million dollars of people's
money and didn't deliver perfection stop
having fun
rich developer here's here's why I don't
get upset about the four million thing
he asked for $900,000 yeah for the game
yeah he made the game for a nine hundred
thousand dollars
yeah is it why why if you make more than
you ask for on a Kickstarter and when
you start a Kickstarter project you're
creating a product that you intend to
sell for a profit
yes and the people who donate to the
Kickstarter they get a copy of the
product they're paying for the product
why should he have to spend his profit
you should on the game he shouldn't no
absolutely I only think I think the
reason that people keep quoting the four
million dollar number is not only
because it is a lot of money but that
also means that it was a very popular oh
that's bullshit that was bullshit that
was bullshit so you know it's not like
it's not like he
it's not like he sold it in it was kind
of like a mild reaction it was there's a
very positive reaction to to him wanting
to make this game
why don't we use DSLRs or mirrorless
cameras I do have a DSLR DSLRs are not
well and I guess they could be now you
know generally speaking DSLRs are not
meant for video production they don't
have long battery life because of the
way they compress the video they don't
have a ton of storage for memory cards
bullshit that is bullshit bullshit
the DSLRs have a lot of positives to
them you know the the lens switching the
even though they yeah
even though I complain about the lack of
compression with memory card storage up
what did you get hit by that fireball
which knocked me away from the ledge oh
I'm shocked I have another life
give it all gives you a very high
quality image of DSLR so but I don't use
them because I have a I have a video
camera which that means I get a good
battery life and I get tons of storage
on my SD card I use the Panasonic nope
Oh what is it called
something f-100 you can speedrun this
yeah I guess I do
apparently you got another life
apparently I must have alright that was
I got afraid if we're getting killed
then nope no speed running didn't that
work nope no wall jump there is a Ledge
cling but there's no wall jump in this
at least not yet for all I know right so
far I've seen like can i I've seen I've
seen video or the - all right aren't I
wrong we've got a thing that I saw in a
video and this at some point
I'm sitting there I'm swimming there are
upgrades with capabilities yeah
it also some stuff uh Joshua's uh Sierra
says hi hey Jack it's not fair it's not
fair to dislike something that's
functional and effective just because
it's incredibly ugly hey Jack it's not
fair to dislike something that's
functional and effective just because
it's incredibly ugly hey rich how's that
overlay looking
oh there's the thing lovelyz's is the
overlay effective that's the question I
think it is I think that's very funny
tip notifications are not working we
will look into that not at the moment
it's not a problem on our end we're
getting the tips well yeah we've had
that problem before overlay haven't we
my nuts the other two on Sunday yeah
maybe we were having a big problem on
Sunday Sunday
no but I'm like other streams right
we're tips for being notified yeah
sometimes it's a it's like a PayPal
issue you know sometimes it's a OBS
issue but we also did you know up great
update our like the the visuals so maybe
we did something wrong when when
updating the overlay them so we'll look
into it are the subscribers supposed to
stick around in the box where they were
supposed to disappear after a while they
were supposed to disappear after a
little bit the Box stays but the name
disappears fire
if I tipped 20 bucks the price of
Resident Evil 4 on steam will rich buy
and play it that's a question for rich
Evans Resident Evil for rich no probably
not you will not play it boom there you
go
there you go I gotta be playing this I'm
gonna play more 20xx and then when I'm
not playing either those two things yep
I'm gonna be playing more doing that
seems incredibly fair words I don't want
to take the time out of my day to play
Resident Evil 4 I'm sure I had a it
wasn't an ultra nightmare it was only on
the normal difficulty but no baby steps
yeah I had a doom no death from
yesterday's thanks I couldn't come to
the studio yesterday oh really why is
that oh because the apartment complex
stole my car my car was stolen yeah
yesterday your car was your car was
stolen effectively about two months ago
I get you know some kind of notification
for the apartment complex it's gonna be
we're gonna be working on the roads this
is terribly complex Section A through P
and on Days four through nine thirty
section subsection B on May the first of
this and a whole bunch of confusing crap
now that notification came two months
ago
yeah like the day after I got that
notification they like repave the lot
right next to mine hmm and then I like I
didn't see them working on anything
except for one section on the other end
of the lot for like a month
and I just kind of forgot they were
working on the roads but I've been a mom
that I was working on a lot I was trying
to get Cara moon where have you just
work over here and whatnot and then I
get ready to go to work yesterday and I
walk out oh my car is gone every other
car in front of the building is gone
they had my car towed No
now in a sane world what's what's
happened to me at other apartment
complexes I've lived at did you move the
car over to another section of a lot and
drop it down yeah it's an inconvenience
for them but they do what they do they
don't fuck you over
they don't extort you yeah me they had
my fucking car impounded parked in
Farley the apartment that I pay for
not a reminder of the day before because
like I said the initial notice I got was
two fucking months ago yeah
unacceptable wasn't it wasn't like a
friendly reminder you gotta move your
cars tomorrow tomorrow we're doing your
section of a lot nothing like that
sure nothing like that you know I'm sure
I'm sure for everyone they have like
everyone's like email or some way to get
a contact I'm just like you know it's it
would be very simple for them just to
you know
hey everybody click like no bullshit no
bullshit fight that shit yeah yeah leave
it cost me more to fight it and I
wouldn't have a car while this is going
on so they had me by the balls it was
basically as extortion mm-hmm I called
the tow place Oh was I fuckin pissed as
he says I fucking piss I was furious all
day yesterday I could not calm down
that's my that's why I played doom yeah
I played doom in an effort to get my
aggressions out and it didn't really
work cuz I was still pissed off after
even I have the know death run and doom
I was still pissed off after that and so
I call the the the car play sob yeah you
know and they wanted $200 it's $200 fine
you know what's not like I was parked in
a handicapped spot it's not like I did
anything that was you know illegal under
the law you know I wasn't double-parked
I didn't create a traffic incident no my
park my car was parked in front of the
place where I live yeah in a parking
spot perfectly normal place to park yeah
oh they closed at 3:00 I found out you
know I loved home I went with when I
found out about it was already too I had
no way to get there to get my car
yesterday so I'm stuck at home all day
yesterday that sucks
sons of bitches I want if I get if I had
an ar-15 mm-hmm I it would have been the
next killing spree that's because I went
to the office that the the apartment
complex office over they smug yeah well
they fucking smug and horrible about it
I wanted to mow them all down I what if
I had her if I had an ar-15 if I had an
ar-15 in my hand it would have been on
the news mom I would have mowed them
down I would have taken one of
cars I would have driven to the tow
truck place Cory and then I would have
mode everyone there down which is a very
prestigious services a joke obviously
joke I was fucking pissed
Wow I rightfully accused them of car
theft Jack cut the stream cut the stream
we don't have we don't have that mute
button Wow Wow
you can do that you can turn the room
into emote only mode what the hell is
that that's crazy why why would you do
that did you know you can do that look I
heard about it you can turn to e mode
only mode
that's crazy
let's see here baby yeah girl Allah says
wrote a one and a half hour film nuan
any tips on getting it made besides
making it into a hack game
thanks for the hours of entertainment
depends on how you want it made new if
it's like a real movie then you gotta
know somebody who knows somebody and if
it's a movie you want to make for
yourself then start making it start
making it and go Kula house
says just testing the tip notifier also
I know you guys have tons to stream but
just want to add another count to people
people eagerly awaiting the Ace Attorney
conclusion okay I was in no mood for it
today
oh yeah funny voices being yeah being
silly after after bullshit like that
with your car
I could totally understand that I'm
still mad obviously because it's
extortion this is just extortion to be
stealing my car and then forcing me to
pay to get it back this getting a lawyer
and not having a car would have been too
much of a hassle and cost more yeah
absolutely absolutely
no in chat like I totally agree the
there
the DSLRs are affordable and can give
you amazing amazing video quality oh
there you go nice but you know there are
just some real logistical drawbacks to
using them like low battery life and low
storage capacities where where for me
it's not worth it because usually when I
shoot it's a full-day shoot and I can't
go through that many batteries also like
usually the the viewfinder screens are
very small so then you need to get
basically if you get a DSLR there's a
whole bunch of other accessories that
you need to get with it if you want to
shoot with it all day a champ this was
not told by the fucking city the city
had nothing to do with it this is a
private fucking person whose lives had a
private towing company this was towed by
your apartment managers yeah yeah no
laws were violated right technically
speaking you know they own the parking
lot right so they might have even been
within their right to do it it just
meant but they're still dickheads for
doing it
now let's see here
anonymous says rich
I love how careful you were when you
were trashing the room during dangerous
men after you smashed those glasses
earlier daintily tossing pillows glad
you didn't have an ar-15 then you know
obviously there's equipment there's a
camera there's TV in there we don't want
to be careful and then yeah then rich
broke some glasses look Jay didn't steal
my card hold it hostage sounds like it's
time to store a dagger between your
buttocks pretend to be infatuated with
them and then repeatedly stabbed them
pyro jam
now let's see here Griffon 900 no sorry
the blue blazes I think the whole four
million thing proves that Kickstarter
should have a set percentage of the
budget that can be raised something
between 110 and 204 donations are closed
no it's you know people who do a
Kickstarter at that point you're just
buying the product well and and we
understand how Kickstarter works now so
if you are starting a Kickstarter you
need to realize that you know
Kickstarter takes 30% or however much of
you know Kickstarter takes right so you
include that into the budget the budget
already starts inflated because you know
that Kickstarter gets a piece of
let's see here
Griffin 901 says hi guys happy to
finally catch up with you guys live
sorry about your car rich sad you didn't
have that ar-15 I just wanted to say I
love your channel and my question was
what was your favorite game that you saw
at me food thinking thinking back to all
those three videos we watched what one
stood out to him with the most 30% I
have no idea what the percentages that
kick-started takes it's a boring answer
but there's an update to it initially it
was dead rising 4 okay then I heard an
interview with the developer and I just
liked everything he said I I lost more
and more interest in the game the first
into a lesser extent the second Dead
Rising game I haven't played the third
yet I heard it's it's there only on the
hardest difficulty there's their harsh
time limits there's there's Case Files
but you can choose to ignore and just
enjoy the game as the zombie sandbox
yeah but if I see the main story you
gonna be here by 10:00 p.m. and rescue
this person oh but you got it you want
to rescue these other survivors too to
level up but you might miss this case
you know there's a whole time management
thing first one who's really tight I
loved it
you had to be you had to be perfect to
and I did it once yet let be fucking a
perfect dog to do the main story sort of
everybody only there was a recording of
it only lose oh there's no time limits
in this one well you know we had a
feedback from the fans you know we're
going to pander to the lowest common
denominator because it's too hard we got
some complaints that our hurdles were
just a little too high and so in order
you know instead of making the the
people who achieve the hurdles feel feel
great we're just gonna lower those
hurdles now everyone can jump over them
yeah and then they may be the brake
Frank West back the character but he
looks different and there's a different
voice actor so so a name by any other
Rose so listen what's the point yeah
anything else what looks
what are you excited about now that we
know what your what the excitement has
been taken away from me what else we saw
I know I didn't say anything that blew
me away
but I didn't the only things I saw from
e3 were what we watched on stream
there's probably a lot I miss yeah
there's that Detroit game which we were
both seems a little interested in the
the chooser on I'm not sure it looked
like it might be okay I'm not wasn't
super hyped okay all right this is the
most amazing revolutionary thing I was
like ah this doesn't look like crap if
they if they actually this doesn't look
this doesn't look like crap they can
actually pull off kind of a
choose-your-own-adventure thing we are
not always forced on the path that they
really want you to be on yeah they could
pull that off it might be interesting
yeah but I've I've since read bad things
about the the track record yeah so a lot
of people have been letting me know
about yeah the bad track for me it's
it's Robo dinosaur I mean that looks fun
that looks like a fun game I'm like I
said I did to play that it doesn't look
like the most revolutionary thing I've
ever said Oh a scene in my life but out
of all the things I saw from e3 yeah
that looks the most fun that that that
is a game that I am excited to play I
really want to play a horizon Don zero
horizon new dawn it's got a terrible
name her horizon it has horizon and Dawn
and I'm 90% sure we should have called
it robot dinosaurs they should have
called the hut dinosaurs because that's
what I'm gonna call it know what horizon
what what is it called
what is it called it's probably an audio
hue when he does the jump attack on
honey just runs past you but I don't
know what it is
horizon dawns zero horizon zero dawn is
what it's called
Robo dancer is what I'm most looking
forward to the Zelda one I like the open
endedness I don't know that it's gonna
be a great game because there's not
there's a lot we don't know about that
yet yeah so the game I'm most excited to
play is Robo dinosaurs which trying out
some time yeah fuck you too
no there are no save points in this game
so like rich has two lives left and when
he's done with these two lives he has to
do the whole level over yeah what does
he jump what does he not jump I waved
the audio down there's probably an audio
cue or something visual I haven't picked
up on
yeah all right that's here it comes is
the he just stops that blows up
yep there's not any to what was that
okay he got like down into football
stance on that one and for that one he
put his arms up arms up means under
thanks gas
stopping Whitehorse
Tibbits oh you fell Indians or you ran
it is fire alright you can play it for
this okay at least it doesn't interrupt
the gameplay for those dialogues the
only problem is the dialogue gets rid of
his audio click use
no sorry I missed a couple tips here ah
let's see here humberto Cabbage Patch
says is anyone excited about rogue one
I loved the force awakens and I'm
looking forward to episode 8 but don't
really care about the other step I'll
still see it but I don't have the hype I
know very little about it let's what's
wrong with it now he just just is unsure
whether it was hype for the rogue one
what kind of - there definitely is not
the force awakens hype do you think it's
gonna be good if not would he care with
the general hype is just a conversation
starter okay you know now we kind of
know that they're gonna be decent and so
I think people are less worried you know
like there is a giant question looming
over the force awakens which was just
what are they gonna do after after the
history of this film series what are
they gonna do but now that we kind of
understand someone is charged that they
can make a decent movie I think people
are less excited I guess it would this
be a fun another fine movie you know
part of it was one it was wanting to go
to NASCAR to see the crash of the force
awakens I think Sarah Chen Sarah Chen
says hi rich it's something for here's
something for you some insert favorite
junk food item here I hope you feel
better soon I'm filling there know a
little bit playing a not Megaman game on
chatting just having a great old time
turtle thought wise says rich same thing
happened to me I owned the town house
fuck those fuckers PS never buy anything
that has a community association people
are fucking crazy yes yes they are
people are often crazy there's an upside
and a downside to apartment rental
versus homeownership and what's what's
the upside to what I would love to own I
think
people say that in general it might be
like cheaper in the long run to rent
apartments and you don't need to worry
about like big expenditures like the air
conditioner mine they didn't fix that's
the downside they refused to fix my air
conditioner to the day before this
should happen the very day before I'd
take $400 my own money to buy an air
conditioner because they won't fix my
air conditioner they say technically as
if it's were gonna did a little
measurement thing at swarek's my
apartment won't get any fucking colder
than 79 degrees it's said coldest it
goes I turned my air conditioner on once
the apartment actually got hotter it's
so turned out it was kind of stuffy in
here at 75 I turned it on like I looked
at it an hour later 78 horrible of
course yeah yeah I hate them
which one's crushing that's the jump
arms up his jump
arms up his jump yeah but you can't
slide too far else you'll run into it
yeah yeah down is down up is up down his
down No
whoa No you made that hello you
definitely made that I feel like you
made that no more why am I saying no I
guess he gave me a life
oh right away okay take it juicy tender
juicy Shak me says yo yo yo you get oh
you guys mentioned about a year ago that
Super Mario Sunshine was on your list
any plans to still play it also I keep
forgetting that the new overlay is even
there which is probably good yeah I
think that is good that is that is
actually good I I love Super Mario
Sunshine I think that that game got a
lot of hate when it initially came out
and I really liked it so I mean it's
forever on the list we were having an
issue streaming streaming RCA games that
had an RCA connection but I think I
figured that out so yeah it's just
forever on the list the only problem is
the list is is exponentially growing
because there's always new games to come
out so
Annamma says this game doesn't look like
crap raves rich Evans okay it looks like
crap it just doesn't play like yes this
game looks like crap but it plays fine
according to rich Evans I also like the
new background but the fonts are a bit
mad okay okay I guess you know I'm not
gonna be with them an anonymous would
like to donate some money towards your
ar-15 font which I try I've tried to get
rich Evans to go to the gun range with
me and now yeah yeah he refuses joking
aside I don't trust myself with guns and
I'm too clumsy yes well we'll put in one
bullet at a time rich it's it's a lot of
fun and it's very cathartic have to not
die
all right as health is a little bit too
low
that's boom that's where here comes is
boom
question Oh
can he change it up he said crush he
said crush I thought that was the the
stand there and explode one shit that's
kaboom
here comes the boom so crushes Thresh's
jumpin and belly flop
shooting guns does not make you a gun
nuts I I enjoy guns and exercise my
Second Amendment right I'm not a gun
nuts I do believe there should be
greater gun legislation it should be
harder for people to get guns I'm too
absent-minded I'm gonna turn around my
fingers still gonna be on the trigger
and I'm gonna accidentally kill the
instructor we will give you one bullet
at a time right yeah gun nuts our NRA
and you guys know I do not like the NRA
the NRA is a gun manufacturer lobby
organization they don't give a shit
about the Second Amendment or your
individual rights they want to sell more
guns
that is their only mission in life
by swords instead I'm not gonna buy I
mean I own my Panama this this is the
first option boss you can select any
level you want this is the first level
given to you as an option so I can only
assume it's the easiest I think kind of
like Mega Man there's there there's no
official easiest there's just this this
would have been easier I'm I'm we have
the sound down because we're streaming
and I can't hear his audio cues that
well yeah
get rich escort gun to start yeah
I don't I don't I'm not big on the
rifles tortured biscuits I don't know
much about white horse so I cannot
answer that
alright alright I got this I got this
did I skip it just this guy you know
haha
nice hey congratulations thank you thank
you sorry just this guy you know I did
skip your tip says the overlay is better
good job jack
are you committed to this read I don't
know what would look better but did you
try other colors also how bitchy was
that sonic tweet about this game the
sonic tweet was I think unnecessary and
you know what I'm actually enjoying this
game a lot more than I have any sudden
game in recent memory so fuck off I'm
not married to the red in the overlay I
just it's the bull huh purple purple
yeah that's a cool color red is redness
harsh I just chose it cuz it's the local
color
I know but red is a harsh color sure I
could try a mellow work okay we can do
we can do whatever we want we can do
whatever we want
I'm not hyperbole aqua-blue
yeah look nice
oh we could have different ones cuz we
playing like a game that's got a lot of
red you don't want a lot of games got
purple purple overlay my nice light blue
yes what was fun that was fun that was
fun it looks like crap that was fun
mouse don't move what gives you fuck it
just looks bad I'm saying it looks bad
the environments look like garbage yeah
like fresh garbage yeah and so like when
you're when you're experiencing a game
every little bit is part of that
experience I'm like look look at his
dumb face look at that guy with the afro
his dumb face he's just like hey as a
stylistic choice I don't mind the
character designs they look a lot better
in the fucking backgrounds I like the
big guy he's funny I don't like his face
look at his dumb face
don't you sure I mean I've played a
little bit more than you have so if you
still I've been playing for him since we
started so sure sure maybe if you're
reading chat they won't talk about guns
so much the overlay isn't much better
and it hurts those of us who have vision
problems this is not a joke it's
actually painful to look at because of
the red I'm not sure what specifically
asthma what what specifically
Jack Tech is my friend and I'm willing
to give it a shot if we could find an
overlay that doesn't look bad I'm
willing to give it a shot and then once
once we've all settled down and all of
us are in this together we're in this
together
you guys and Mees and we can we can have
a discussion then lady number eight
codename brandish codename aviator I
know let's just try the second one a
waterworks codename cryosphere the red
and how much it actually shrinks the
game window I want it I want to do
another version we talked about this man
Jack for Israel I want to do an other
vision where that sidebar is even
smaller oh and we'll give it a shot I
want the sidebar to be smaller just with
like a little bit in the corner where
the camera sticks out more and we'll
give it a shot how's that
underwater
so I wanna go down here
yes
try this try the new shitty power what
do you mean that's what I'm just reading
that that's what they're saying and how
do you use powers do you get them even
oh okay you press the Y button okay
can't believe that even works underwater
whoa you know I'll say this much in
Megaman X it took shit like that don't
count
I think some of the powers actually work
a little bit differently if I'm right or
wrong kind of environment sure did
something that I find amusing did you
ever see the sequel itís on Megaman and
Megaman X yes I think I did there's a
whole section in that in which he's
talking about that what the the great
things Megaman X does right yeah it's
like if this was a lesser game developer
they would have had a little a little
bubble that came up and says be careful
for those things Mega Man or else you're
gonna get hurt and like Jets it'll
literally what that guy just did like as
a player we couldn't see the red spikes
and electric and think to ourselves
maybe that might hurt us it's the thing
though this is the same designer exactly
so what the fuck well oh by the way
we're talking about Dead Rising yeah I
could be wrong but I believe made by the
same guy
oh really yeah
hey there's a question you don't have
any prior knowledge of this game would
you have thought this is a steam
greenlight game that probably I wouldn't
care that's the the truer question is
would that matter yep is it a fun game
is the only real question that matters
yes that's the most important question
other stuff matters like it is ugly and
I think it'd be a lot easier for people
to enjoy this game if it weren't but
ugly yep visuals matters somewhat but
this is not the worst thing ever
happened okay I think I'm and I can read
this one or not maybe I didn't hear
because I was fighting the monster man
but uh anonymous says rich Evans is my
prophet also the background section
behind the previously recorded logo
would probably look better if it was
white or just have more of a contrast
noted anonymous says in every Arlen fans
it's every Arlen fans dream to be a
guest on best of the worst have a
sleepover with a crew after and get
breakfast at IHOP in the morning would
you consider hosting a sweepstakes with
the spots I up why yeah I hop why I hop
come on man come on man it's supposed to
be a prize you can do better than I am
you can't I must
unless like the loser he has to go to
IHOP you know like IHOP isn't bad but
it's not nothing is it pretty bad pretty
bad I don't know if it's like the worst
but it's pretty bad I guess
I happens one of the few times I
actually order a salad you know just
look at me you can tell that's not very
often
oh yeah pancakes
oh dear pancakes international or
otherwise why do I hate I have I'm just
exaggerating they're not my favorite
though they're not my favorite you're
exaggerating how dare you had your ate
everything how dare you rich Evans how
dare you exaggerate for comedy purposes
take a look at things novices hijack ah
out of curiosity yep what brand labs do
you use mine tend to crap out after some
mild use also completely unrelated yeah
thoughts on the film sunshine thanks for
all you do and keep up the good work
what that's Jack's response this is
fronts I say fuck fuck fuck you know
what I have the lamp right here
so there's a couple loves that I have
I've always pronounced some love as far
as Wireless LOB's go I'll just interject
here before oh yeah yeah we've never
been able to find a good one
that's wireless has never happened and
so I don't use wireless loves because
they crap out randomly so I only use
wired loves especially for you know when
we're just sitting and talking I have a
Sony oh my god I have I have this
amazing Sony which you explain what a la
vez oh sure for someone who does that
yeah yeah the tiny microphone you
usually see them on newscasters it's a
tiny lavalier microphone that can like
clip onto someone's tie it's a very tiny
microphone it's the microphone you'll
see us where invest the worst and
previously recorded but uh
so I prefer wired I have a great one
that is a compressor love that's a Sony
I'm gonna - over there I'm gonna forget
the Sony bien 44 I want to say is the is
the number nice but I found this one
which is actually pretty decent it's a
it's a sure love and see if it has a
model number sure SM 93 here's the
little like thing that clips onto your
belt knows new yeah and here's the
here's the mic it's very nice the
compressor mic works a lot better like I
don't have to do any post sound this I
have to put a compressor on in post okay
which makes it a little more of a pain
in the ass but this is a great mic this
Shore sm9 t---three that's a fine fine
wired lavalier microphone mold ooh night
uh we we read questions some questions
we get from the chat others we read
donations so if you donate with a mess
appeal will read that unless unless we
don't want to you know there's some good
reason not to there's no guarantees just
this guy unis just this guy you know
says to partially mitigate richest card
photos also I really like Richards idea
of making the sidebar thinner but have
the cam overlap the game a bit so it's
not too small yeah just a little bit so
it doesn't block you know cuz that was
one of my issues is even with the green
screen we blocked a lot of the game yeah
and so if we just block a little bit of
the game and about about that green
scrim I would like something better than
those curtains we have here right now
agree yeah I agree we will find
something better
Surrey Genesis what kind of thorns do
you have Jack that was just a joke I
actually don't I have a cheap katana and
a tiny master sword also do you guys
prefer having the original artwork slash
boxes for your non PC games or it
I prefer it it's not a necessity
Jack you think you're gonna say before I
finish read the tip sorry I might have
still have been thinking about Thor Thor
just the tiny master sword also begin
and then the game box thing what's the
game box question do you prefer having
the original box art or ya know all
digital I like having a hard copy I
don't trust digital I know I don't trust
him but it's just kind of what you have
to do with PC in this day and age the
blue blaze says since Jack brought up
sequel itis yeah I thought to ask have
you ever seen the controversial Legend
of Zelda super lightest has your
nostalgia for a certain game slasher
genre come with your opinions on other
games ah you know I probably saw it a
while ago did I think that came out of
one what do they say about it it's been
too long I I don't I I enjoy the series
but I I apparently it's controversial
that's interesting I think I think he's
negative about Ocarina he's very
negative about ocarina which is
something rich Evans has absolutely not
he just not as good as people saying
right and then wouldn't color my opinion
of the other Zelda games
oh he's our friend now he's our friend
now who is pyro oh cool we saved him
that's the exact same plot that one only
he didn't save them even blew them off
but they were friends yeah they're under
some sort of spell
reprogramming some they are robots I'm
assuming the robots how can I not get up
you sure I'm sorry
Plato karna on three TS it holds up in
my opinion I think it does as well I
played it on the 3d essence it's better
than I remembered
I'll say that I still don't think it's
the best thing to ever happen to
videogames that's that's overweight
overrated does not mean it it's terrible
right just that people think more highly
of it then then I think it deserves
okarin oh yeah Oh Karina Karina
Oh Cara no I'm gonna keep calling a car
because I don't give no fucks what I've
been saying since since 1998 wonder they
come on 97 98 maybe 6 whatever whatever
the Falls
oh oh we glitched there we go home I got
out whoever used the word ocarina
outside of the Legend of Zelda of the
ocarina of time who's ever said this
word right it's fucking flute the flute
of time it's the flute of time time
float that would have actually really
liked that title the time hmm have you
guys seen don't hug me I'm scared just
the first couple we're good now I get it
don't hug me I speared watch it on
YouTube okay don't look up anything
about it before you watch it just look
it up on YouTube
everybody just look up yeah Ocarina
players all over the world use the word
rich there are no Ocarina players all
over the world
we're like four of them thank you all
for ocarina players
ah one small ball says hey rich
you sure did look amazing the latest
best of the worst
hey did the t-shirt company actually
called me after the order and we
discussed the legal phrasing of one's
love of shack mean labor my day just to
make sure they got it right you want you
know what this means right you really
want that on a t-shirt that someone
loves juicy shack meat listen mister you
paid for this shit but you know oh you
know with that shirt by the way
yeah one worth of the neighbor film that
episode I had to go to Walgreens to get
some energy drinks I forgot I was
wearing the shirt yes you know the guy
in the back of the line is just staring
at man I didn't realize what it was oh
because of course he had a jock they
said I want juicy cartoon chicken leg
that's great
that's great that makes my day right
there
yeah just shoot those in - over oh I was
trying to dodge the Moose Isles
Oh game over game over I had a bunch
TGIF dark says hey guys rich if I
released an album and it was getting
legit distribution would you be willing
to contribute it would you be willing to
contribute a rap to one of the tracks
how much money no no I'm not gonna I
can't I don't I don't even understand
the rap I don't I don't have the rap in
my soul and I don't feel like I could do
the rap justice you don't feel like you
could do the rap you know no teach men
not to rap no you're an insane person
rap is a wonderful art form it's poetry
rich it's just poetry with a kick ass
beat get with it
laughs Mike and Jay hate independence
dayses red scroll I can't see the name
anymore mikage I hate Independence Day
and according to the Jay there are
people who could see it on the screen
people he knows whose opinions he
respects that defendant yeah rich are
either you are Jack defenders of
Independence Day I know I've seen it
once that really care for it I am that
was in our wall n RI and r1 I'm a
defender of independency and you had
have you had lengthy discussions with
Jay about independence Nick no no I got
so you know you know one of the
defenders you stalking but you are
defending I am a defender in general I
we probably like had a very small
discussion in which he goes oh yeah
Independence Day sucks right and I said
no and the band's day is fine and then
that's the extent of our discussion of
Independence Day because I think it's
fine like I just I think it's a dumb fun
movie I watched their um their review on
it yeah and like just like for every one
of their arguments it's just like but
does that matter you know just like no
it doesn't make any sense it did to them
it's an opinion exactly exactly I think
it's obviously an incredibly dumb movie
but I think it's okay is the extent of
my defense of it
now how are you feeling about mighty
number 9 she played a little bit before
I'm feeling actually a lot better today
than I did yesterday I don't know what
it was about yesterday I played I've
about 45 minutes in so far and I was
really not feeling it yesterday
I'm feeling a little bit better you know
that obviously this could be time
playing with someone like me is just
seeing how other people play might help
I don't know what it is but I'm feeling
noticeably better about it I do miss the
charge attack I know it's not a Mega Man
game but I do miss the charge attack
sometimes you'll be awkward just holding
in charge all the time yeah okay I'm
used to it
but I don't know that I really miss it
mm well maybe that's yeah I'm just too
used to it oh by the way
co-op is unlockable oh okay like that
was a fun little game you have to dodge
the thing while you hit the guys that
was a neat little yeah section it
repeats it repeats again like two
seconds from now
is three ninjas about the worst movie
you've seen about it's gonna take a lot
to dethrone things we saw and we saw
Pocket ninjas is that what you meant oh
I think I know what you need to do you
need to jump on that ice pillar before
it freezes and gets shot up by the water
no I think I just um I think I just shot
too many of them last time so it's like
we had three I can't jump over right
yeah if I come over here then okay then
do that that was my problem
Jackie's telling you to use the fire
power who is as I don't know he maybe he
is telling you someone in the game I'm
assuming fire power sucks yeah I mean I
don't even think three ninjas their
pocket ninjas is the worst thing we've
watched on best of the worst I mean it's
up there dangerous man was pretty oh
dude that yeah that was dangerous
pendants pretty great dangerous man was
pretty great bad but pocket ninjas was
up there as far as the worst we've ever
seen
just Robo chick ah yeah all right yeah
Robo chick was pretty bad yeah
Robo chick is pretty bad
do I think that we think the universal
kind of pocket ninjas would have been
more coherent yeah as in they tried to
edit it to make sense no I think they
probably didn't care it off they've army
just slap the universe and logo on it
it's too much of a piece of shit for
them to have cared okay anonymous says
you probably too much of a piece of shit
for them to care of me oh yeah very very
good day Google called me again oh my
god
Google called me again to be a Street
View driver best job in the world so
here's some money
Oh PS Neil Breen gave us an update on
pass-through on YouTube guys oblivious
watch on-screen okay none of us alone
madam is's yo yo homeboys yo would you
would you say it's generally awkward to
interact with fans in person or do you
enjoy it I think it's generally more
awkward for the fans who see you because
they're there they're shocked and oddly
nervous about like sending someone
nervous to meet me is the weirdest thing
in the world my guy last stream I told
the story about the other guy who locked
his keys in my house locked his keys in
the star because he was locked his keys
in his car because he was starstruck
meeting celebrity rich Evans are you are
you rich Evans I've never met a
celebrity so sorry perform those keys in
his car
so sorry for me
um one small ball says because of the
use of Shaq's pitcher I had to change it
from I love to rich loves also
originally had a different apparently
copy written cartoon light of me it was
an amazingly fun discussion you had a
copy written cartoon leg of meat that so
you couldn't make a t-shirt of it weird
you're a crazy person
also I don't you think it would be more
of a no-no putting somebody else's name
on there rather than I love champagne
no right oh that's weird to me you think
I'd be the other way around yeah but
something you can't put somebody's name
on their nose Johnson Johnson 89 says
Richard Jack yes what are the rlm cruise
individuals spirit animals and why is
Mike sis law well there is no such thing
as a spirit animal my spirit animal is a
human being and it's me then there's
this such thing it's nonsense it's
nonsense Jack yeah yeah it's utter
nonsense
fuck fuck
what unit mass unit 603 idiot says rich
Jack Brabham you guys are entertaining
as always the black I'm do either of you
have a big dumb movie that you do love I
mean besides Independence Day do you
have a big dumb bleep to find big dumb
movie uh
The Rock the faceoff men in blank that
was dumb but you could you could you
could call Raiders of the Lost Ark dumb
couldn't you Oh probably probably
Indiana Jones big dumb I like a lot of
big dumb movies I'm okay with a bit I'm
okay big-time Louise as long as they're
comprehensible where it's like that was
my problem with like transformers
transformers is a big dumb movie but
it's it's just it's so all over the
place
visually and tonally I like Mars Attacks
that's that's more of a Perry that's a
comedy yeah
demolition man that goes yeah cuz that's
it
I like demolition man as you should
demolition has great the premise is
great the movies great anything that's
not like an action scene in that movie
is great
fuck what demolition man have worked
better with just about anyone other than
it's the festersen alone Wow
ripped I've died in the exact same spot
four times yeah and I I it feels like
it's my fault but it feels like it also
shouldn't be my fault
get get good I gotta get good it might
have worked with other people cause like
there's also Wesley Snipes who is just
weird but Stallone brought it enough
like grandeur where like it helps the
ridiculous okay okay so here's the thing
you can't grab on to these legends you
just - right across no you can't you
fall you fall you can't grab on to the
to the ice ledges rich and I think after
the game tells you can get onto any
alleged rich I didn't read the the tough
rock did not read the top one yet hmm
Stallone is the law I do need to get
good oh speaking of there Keith Urban
yeah is a drop in mad hints about dread
- oh there's a big possibility about
Drake - I don't know if it's confirmed
or if he's still just hoping J I am bad
at video games I knew I know ice is
slippery but the whole rest of the
fucking game you grab onto the ledges in
here we don't grab my legs and I was so
why didn't you guys do a best of the
shack with blue chips
Kazaam and steel too obvious I think we
wanted to watch dangerous men yeah we
want to watch the interest and we do we
do have a steel steel as part of a
different trifecta that we have planned
or you know not plan but that we have
like in did you get up here if you can
just get up on a Ledge I can yeah
oh you were way past that I don't I
don't think I was way past that that was
the furthest I got in the level oh no I
think I know today that was the furthest
I've gotten in the level we have what we
have a plan with Steel it's it's a lot
like all of our other plans where they
will never ever happen because we always
just choose yes three random movies but
we haven't even once we literally have a
list that we made we all sat down one
night and made a list of like groups of
three movies that are here at the studio
that we could make a best of the worst
of anytime we want and we have never
once used that list that's really
frustrating to me as someone who likes
to write things down make lists and
cross things off my list by the way
that's how they made doom didn't ever
know no plan and they made that they
fired the guy who tried to make a plan
yeah yeah a Michele this is not a
procedurally generated road like that is
20xx the megohm the not a Mega Man game
that is a procedurally generated Rogal
lights which I is that what I believe
they're calling them lowlifes fine by me
fuck those anal people get uptight about
it it's not like always play brain shut
up
the ritalin Steele says says shit rich
Jack I'm late what did I miss
everything obviously there's all the
things that you did not see and why are
you playing this game that was planned
not sarcastic genuinely occurs is it's
fun as to what made you play this
instead of DC Universe or something this
fuck the haters this game is
legitimately Club and this is a new game
hot hot off the lists and you know we
want to play it
we like Megaman we wanted to play it you
you just missed you missed a lot of
gibbering and jabbering and car theft oh
there's a whole car car Rich's car got
stolen but not really stolen just
basically stolen you missed it you
missed a couple store stories so you'll
have to catch up either on Twitch
video-on-demand or youtube when it
eventually gets there and I don't know
if we've talked about this we are work
we are conscious conscientiously making
our YouTube videos longer in order to
catch up so they come out on YouTube a
little sooner after the stream because
we got behind and so now our YouTube
videos instead of being like about an
hour long to about two hours long in
hopes of catching
oh wait you know what rich press why
yeah the fire yeah now hold luckily I
didn't I didn't I wasn't listening to
him it builds up so it just as a little
burn or you can build it up
fuck
no not we rich rich cuts up videos for
YouTube it's not it's not just me I'm
not I'm not passing the blame on a
nebula sweet
they're like jacket we let the videos
get behind you mean you let the videos
get by behind them they get behind it
happens
we're catching back up yeah rich doesn't
like multiplayer first-person shooters I
really like overwatch but probably won't
stream it or if I do it'll have to be
kind of like a plan to J stream because
I will be incredibly silent during that
entire stream and usually we never know
when J is coming so then it doesn't
matter but I really like overwatch I I'm
having a ton of fun playing it that's
that when at when I'm not playing
something that I have to play for the
show or editing I'm either playing
overwatch or steamworld heist right now
those are the two games that I'm playing
outside of work playing as you guys saw
I'm really really diggin steamworld
heist and overwatch as well overwatch is
a ton of fun but it's a fun little zone
the only problem is this is the second
time you're in this zone you know
it's like a really neat idea and then
instead of making another idea they're
just that does use that idea again yeah
it's common diva I'm still learning
that's at nitpicks with that is that's
absolutely a nitpick diva is an
interesting character I'm still learning
Hanzo is a ton of fun with his bow and
arrow just whip flip you know it's very
luxe Minh Huntsman was a horrible bit
not that one it's the next one that one
nothing talk about it's that one down
there that gave me problems
my favorite overwatch players my
favorite player to play is Farah I loved
playing as Terra
I love the height advantage I love
messing people up with congratulations I
love just rocketing up into the air and
fighter in Rockets everywhere it's great
Farah is my absolute favorite I also
really like Symetra I like her turrets
I like a gun I like that she builds a
teleporter she's great Reinhardt a giant
dude with a big dumb hammer it's a guy
with a big dumb hammer in a first person
shooter rich
that's insane I love Reinhardt
I love his shield just getting the you
know like just sticking the shield out
and getting your entire team oh they're
already behind you oh wow yeah I love
that I love all the emphasis on teamwork
it's great
you poop you kept the same you keep you
keep you nice Lucio is fun mercy makes
me I don't know what that means the Fox
I mean Mercy's great mercy mercy is
mercy is great the only problem with
mercy is you need someone paying
attention because you know she has very
little offensive capabilities see if you
don't absorb yeah but uh mercy is great
the only problem is a lot of times
there's no one on your team who's
looking out for mercy and so you can
only really be mercy if you have a
Reinhard on your team so you can get
behind the shield that's adorable it is
that's adorable I don't understand they
hate this game just kidding
I can't I I can only echo my guess yeah
Torbjorn talk Joran's fun to play as you
know the little centuries molten core
everything like every character seems to
be wonderfully balanced right now I'm
trying to play as Genji more than ninja
I'm trying to learn Genji and Genji
hated is this really interesting
character where one of his main powers
is deflecting bullets back at the person
who shot him and so there's a ton of
people who are who just like to have
giant machine guns that can fire 200
rounds a second and so then you play as
Genji and you fire my back at people but
he's a difficult character to learn so
I'm really I'm really trying to learn
Genji at the moment and his whole
movement thing
so when you see but here's the thing we
have to remember when you invest money
in something it might not be what was
promised that's the nature of investment
what was promised that wasn't delivered
on what was promised I'm very not clear
on that
well it wasn't delivered on I I believe
people I believe this does not live up
to people's expectations is what I is
what my belief is in what way other than
the backgrounds being really ugly as a
game what if longer I don't know I don't
know rich yes rich does love hearing all
about over what
Narine nuri says rich mighty number 9 is
getting all the hate because people
don't like gameplay in their games these
days they want to watch cutscenes and a
scripted and scripted action maybe I
think that's true
hey that could be in no captain jerk I'm
only making assumptions on why people
hate it I have no idea why people hate
it I haven't read any reviews I have
seen people saying negative things about
this
people have a hard time accepting things
that aren't exactly what they want you
know ya know and I think I think people
had this idea in their head of what the
game was going to be which was exactly
Megaman and this is you know this is
really close to Megaman but not exactly
Megaman you know do you think if it had
the exact same physics the exact same
everything but with pixel art they would
have been a smash hit it would have been
a huge success
well can I overload
it's because after all the delays the
game still feels to lack like it lacks
polish that's I think that's a fair
criticism
what kind of polish least important
thing ever in a megaman game i would
that was at first the first example off
the top nothing right the world's very
ugly like that it's true but that is
true so that lacks in polish it wasn't
for a game it had a very low budget nted
oh listen I'm not agreeing with him I'm
I'm playing devil's advocate I
understand sizer were enjoying the game
I I certainly have no besides I wanted
to know why we were playing this
terrible game because it's a good game
that's why oh where did we leave off tip
flies I know you did that and I miss
okay I wrongly did that
the riddle of Steel says oh I heard this
was a failed Kickstarter good thing it's
fun and chat is saying I missed rich
threatening terrorism yes rich rich
threatened violence
for realsies as he rides skateboards now
did rich dedicate himself to extremism
no no this met and exceeded its
Kickstarter goal
fuck that toll like I said I totally had
him see says 4 a.m. here in Moscow no
regrets game is fine game is fine fuck
the haters thanks for the hundreds of
hours of entertainment with rlm and free
rectum welcome keep it up you right-wing
gun nut you didn't know well-regulated
militia is the part of the second moment
that I
gets overlooked along well-regulated we
need to be well regulated Jen says dawn
Papa here's the thing yes the Bill of
Rights yes is a very important document
yes and I can understand where if like
you can change if you if you're gonna
just take one of the ten things in the
bill or I should just get rid of it
what's to say you couldn't get rid of
one of the other ones what's gonna get a
free speech here I get why Bennett would
want to be defensive of the second
amendment they get it but but here's the
thing here's the thing rich the second
Amendment says a well-regulated militia
being important to a free state all men
have the rights bearers that's what the
Second Amendment says and I want to say
in the 70s the Supreme Court had a
ruling on what a well-regulated militia
is and decided that a well-regulated
militia could mean one guy that's not
regulated at all
so in any case I I do think there needs
to be regulation because that's what it
says
my harms are hella hairy I'll keep mine
and sleeves fuck gents
greetings from Michigan just wanted to
thank rich for harboring the same
resentment and disappointed in Mass
Effect 3 that I do never forgive never
forgets
thanks for the years of entertainment
I'm changing the subject Marmara I know
we shouldn't get into politics
anonymous he's the man of the hour an
intense lust for power he don't care for
coffee but he lives in Milwaukee
he's the man who screams he screams on
the streams can you guess his name he
has a rap what that's poetry the real of
steel I'm not gonna bring that up
because I appreciate the tip but we're
just we're not gonna talk politics
anymore because they're heavily debated
and and we're gonna we're gonna play
video games and it's adorable that this
little thing says pew pew pew when it
probably probably
can we talk really you know we can't
talk about I've been I've been I've been
really wanting to pick up a news show
because that every once in a while I'll
have like a half hour an hour before bad
not enough time to watch a movie but I'm
not quite tired in and I'm done playing
games and I'm done working and I just
need I need a TV show to fill the time
but I've run out of Tweety shows and so
I started last night I started watching
Supernatural
have you heard of this show Supernatural
about the two brothers who fight
supernatural things I just know the name
and that's all I knew about it too is
two brothers and they fight supernatural
things you look on Netflix and it has
flippin ten seasons ten seasons on
Netflix it's all I'm saying to myself is
if this is even a halfway good that'll
that'll hold me for sometime is it
halfway good yeah so far it's actually
the I'm oh I'm two episodes in and I'll
say it's pretty darn good it's a lot
like it's a lot like x-files only
without all the bullshit of x-files
oh hey that was the closest one yet hmm
I have enough heat stuff to get through
it Wow so it wasn't bad I don't know if
it'll continue to be not bad but it has
a decent premise
you know like muck we I recently
rewatched some of x-files and it gets
old really fast the whole Scully being
the skeptic even though she's seen weird
shit yeah yeah us as the audience know
for you know like we actually see the
weird shit happens and she kind of sees
it I've seen random episodes of x-files
I liked it I pretty sure as a mythology
I would find it annoying yes overall I
think it's very annoying and and they
get away with they stay away from all
those problems with supernatural so far
obviously it's the only two episodes in
but you know they they both understable
know what's happening in the
supernatural world and fight did you
fight the bad guys it was great
supernatural worth watching it you know
what it's a little corny it's a little
silly obviously is on TV budget I'm two
episodes in and I'm gonna continue
watching it if only because there's our
ten goddamn seasons on Netflix and why
not
oh you little bastard I hate you
ragged scribe says please build a safe
room with the TV behind Plexiglas so on
best of the worst you can throw things
more sincerely that's actually not a bad
idea
this is my last shot I didn't get an
extra life turd smuggler 44 says hey
rich I feel your pain with apartments my
water has been off all night due to
landscapers being idiots and the
property management being even more
incompetent to hope you get your car
back ace I got a bag it was just
annoying that I had to be extorted at
all yes I didn't have it all day
yesterday yeah it's a bunch of stuff I
needed to get done that I didn't get
done but oh well not my problem you got
to pay your rent on time though yes this
guy you know yeah my tastes and teeth my
tastes and everything kind of skews
campy but in TV yes definitely can't be
ah let's see here telegram says speaking
of politics in the you the UK is having
a referendum on whether to leave the
European Union tomorrow but all I'm
wondering is that a good enough excuse
to have a euro friendly stream tomorrow
politics all over the place politics are
everywhere
pew pew pew the riddle of Steel says
supernatural is so much fucking fun and
schlock through the first five seasons
the fifth season is an amazing endpoint
the five seasons after that yeah let me
know if you agree when when I'm done
yeah you know what I'll still take five
good season tech five good seasons shit
yeah we do need to find something to do
with this curtain we'll fight we'll
figure something out and Carlo del
Bierzo says I well thanks Carlo Debbie's
all we appreciate that ass in Devon says
do you recommend salt and sanctuary
overall yes overall yes I highly
recommend salt and sanctuary it's it's a
little frustrating that it is just two
very specific things you know like it's
just metroid in a dark soul style and I
think the art is ugly as hell but the
gameplay is so good it's 2d dark souls
ah so the art was ugly as hell but the
gameplay was pretty good exactly exactly
a lot maybe it may be something a lot
like something else yeah that's weird
don't you think it's gonna be bad
I'm in the hit me had a Kickstarter that
means it's got to be perfect but yeah if
you can get your hands on a copy of Saul
the sanctuary really great especially
like if you enjoy that kind of like 2d
brawler fight 2d hack and slash II but
it has like it has that Dark Souls
dodged role you know Perry for mega hits
really great really really great
something sanctuary I had a lot of fun
playing oh you why go through walls you
prick
waiting for the veto man that would be
great on the veto boy effect on the Vita
- 10 there perfectly beautiful beauty
drew Lord Belmont says Jack
I recommend the returned you have the
French or US version Mary Elizabeth
Winstead is in the u.s. it's really
interesting also have you seen Luther
I've not seen the Luther Luther all I
think Luther stars Idris Elba is it
Smallville for Lex Luthor it's no it's
not Smallville for Lex Luthor
all I know is it stars it'll just Obama
okay who is a fine actor that's
literally all I know about it
rich rich should make a website called
rich starter where he refuses people
where he refuses people might hose it
hello I'm sorry I didn't know X Amazon
Nevada
Idris Elba oh it's a detective show oh
it's a British cop show starring Idris
Oh would now I really want to see you
Luther
British cop shows are great did you see
uh speaking of British cop shows oh oh
is it cold now there's a great British
cap show starring the doctor it was the
British cop show starring the doctors
Roger that was a kind of that how did
you know that did you see it that's good
that's good two seasons real good real
good show broadchurch
starring David Tennant the doctor
I'm a fucking dragon knowing that
usually does not happen
broadchurch is depressing as fuck it
really is it's great it's really great i
Ben's ice-t's thanks for streaming crypt
of the necrodancer the other night you
sold it to me and it's a blast very
different very offer yeah that's a great
game fuck yeah that's a great game there
is an American version of broadchurch
that didn't make it yeah I mean you
don't got tenant need tenant and that
girl - she was great um Lucas Ducas says
are you guys getting any of the
thunderstorms up there tonight I'm
getting it's getting nasty in Chicago
yeah every once in a while we'll hear a
a terrible crash outside a terrible
terrible crash you fucking little prick
he dropped a nice thing on me otherwise
I was winning the fight sorry could he
dropped a nice thing on me yeah can you
give tips on the crypts I want to like
that game but I can't make it past the
first boss I've just got to get into
that flow yeah you unlock items it's
actually the game is in general much
easier on all zones mode because your
items carry over oh yeah that's a good
question that are you level are you
playing all zones motor are you playing
the individual levels but you have to
play a little bit of an individual level
some block more yeah well I don't think
that matters in all zones mode even
though I think all zones mode you get
all the shit it's the best mode of the
game my farm oh yeah all zones mode
that's where it's at there's you know
there's nothing really specific just
really pay attention when you when you
defeat an enemy and you do so without
getting hit pay attention to what you
did there you know learn the patterns
you need to beat various things to you
also find the game much much easier if
you have a good healing item if you
don't want to rely on food really know
what that crown best items crown of
thorns oh yeah is is the best thing you
could put on your head and crypt of the
necrodancer or you can go with a blood
weapon mm-hmm those are great those you
really need some kind of damage
enhancement though either you know the
power of boots this the sunglasses
something that'll bring our ring yeah
yeah because they're really weak yeah
yeah but they're great every 10 kills
you get a little hard yeah also just
those are the crown and a blood weapon
Howard every 5 kills yeah also find a
better weapon your dagger sucks your
dagger sucks you need a longer weapon
that's that's why there's a character in
the game you have to beat the game with
the dagger oh Jesus that's the final the
final story characters your dagger only
that would suck and I'm never gonna do
it nope no I need a better weapon I need
I need a I need a spear Spears my
favorite Spears a great weapon
it's that's it that's a tough one you
just unfortunately just kind of got to
get good but like really pay attention
to your enemy's movements pay attention
to when they attack and that's it
think of it like a dance you're dancing
with the enemy you have to learn their
moves you have to dance accordingly with
them dance around them or dance when
they're not attacking you really need to
pay attention to how they kill you you
know and well that's like that's the
whole point of like the single modes
mode is just figuring out why an enemy
killed you and then don't do that
let's see here Lord Belmont says a great
British show on Netflix is the fall with
Gillian Anderson and Jamie Dornan about
an investigator Anderson in Northern
Ireland searching for a serial killer
it's extremely tense well everyone likes
Gillian Anderson and by everyone I mean
me loner our John says Jack and rich
should I feel bad that I know the
festival and location yes of where
pocket ninja was shooting the rodeo no
why should you feel bad about that yeah
you'd only feel bad about it if you
filmed it we were you part of the
production also have you played crypt of
the necrodancer on a dance pad no no I'm
never gonna happen
I do not own a dance bag unbelievable
little fucker I do have I wonder for how
well it would work with like I have a
guitar a Guitar Hero guitar I wonder how
well that would work with a guitar hero
Catera crypt of the necrodancer
Cooper then after that necrodancer
actually works really good with the
keyboard arrow keys yep no and it plays
like I love it on my Vita I still pick
it up every once in a while and it works
so great with the Vita to do Pikachu
the various the Zayas sorry I do the the
Zaius I always add an R in there and I
don't know why I do that
thank you for putting how to pronounce
your name in your tip that is incredibly
helpful to me the Zaius Jack the creator
of Supernatural left after season 5 to
make revolution on NBC to the detriment
of supernatural fantasy also a 12th
season is somehow in the works
whops that's crazy that's crazy
there's a guy who's gotten through a lot
of Dark Souls flee with a dance pad that
says tender juicy you can do a lot of
stupid things that is true rich people
do a lot of Street yeah some people have
a lot of time in there no oh yeah
if I stupid you mean amazing I I'm you
know maybe not stupid unnecessary things
for other people's enjoyment
you should watch quantum leaps as the
riddle of Steel there's an episode where
he quantum leaps like yeah Karl is great
watch the flash all the time back in the
day
what do you leap endure really good
every episode every episode is good I
remember where he leapt into a monkey
that was great
every episode except for maybe how it
ended it's pretty major exceptional huh
it's a pretty major exception then like
maybe it's fine I don't know I still
don't know how to feel about the ending
no spoilers
I hate him Scott Bakula hi EEP well I'm
standing up oh I know I have not been
setting my stand-up timer for ease of
pronunciation it's asking Dava ask in
Dava thanks for summing up your take on
salt I've ended up playing through FTL
Issac and star do so far after seeing
them on prereq and loved them there's
some those some fine games yeah yeah
fine games to play yes o Sultan
sanctuaries good I did to be fair I had
stopped playing because I had other
stuff to play right at the point in
which I believe there was a lot of
Metroid esque backtracking so that could
get tedious but the combat is so much
fun so much guys got my number he's got
my number warm so I think I could do it
I don't think I could do it could do it
rich you you're in there you're in the
zone you're in the zone
that's here we go try
am i doing not lashing at the right time
not dashing at the right time that's
very time I don't know I don't I don't
think you have to - when it's just water
yeah I don't think that hurts you and
you just have to make sure you get his
purple goo when he's going yeah that
doesn't hurt you what you went through
him you went through him that was
bullshit roots person was that no no
that was a glitch you went through him
when he was purple glowing that was a
pure bullshit
rich you have the power to heal how do I
have that power how do I do it why I've
never played this game before you know
does he have the power to you you have a
blue triangle thing under your help and
now you can press this circle button and
heal oh sorry press Start
thank this start press start press start
a axle recover to
nope trying to find like a safe spot
nope no safe spot
oh you don't think that was the right
time to go Jack
huh I don't think that was the right
time to go you were a fraction of a
second too soon
fraction of a second did I lose the
health no maybe I think you get it
I wonder if you get those by bike yep
doing well in the yeah I'm sure you find
them you think you pick out both I may
be you can earn them though here mega
man wouldn't have a boss this cheesy
oh this boss look other than me getting
my ass kicked I think it's adorable you
keep your baby no it's fine people just
want to hate people do honor they want
to hate this they say I hate everything
yeah
look at yourselves people um talking
about the man in the mirror I'm asking
him to change his ways see like you got
that fine player they're like nice
we're got be bested
copyrights yeah you're right
fuck that took them like half your help
yeah he's tough I finally find his face
and I find his face marriage he always
gets me with that oh then he does that I
can do this you can do this you can do
this
tryam you know you know what to do rich
yeah
I love my the day I could listen Michael
Jackson music all of it
that's the right strategy with that
instead of using your fair
now he's excellent play rich
I see myself
okay better
you can't get trapped in the corner like
that you got to find a space when she's
like in the middle
fuck yeah fuck yeah ii croy that was fun
that was a great play that girls look
like garbage the most important thing
the gameplay the gameplay is always the
first most important thing I agree you
did get a D I don't care got a DS fine
now take it that's a good plays ended
yeah do you think B you beat the big
boss fine by me
yeah we got it we got to do a little
stream today I think yeah I think we
need a little stream today I've had a
bad couple days yeah rich rich needs to
go play some doom and full of heart full
of goodness okay that's fine but why
don't want you get up that torture all
right and I'll find it oh wait let's
let's see more a little why don't we get
a power oh well obviously I something on
ice power yeah
killer crow killer crocomire says hey
guys here is some sweet - I hope your
day has been well by the way since you
have a 3ds capture device have you ever
heard of the Monster Hunter series they
are pretty damn fun to watch
okay well I have heard of them I used to
love letting myself pretend for a little
while when that pseudoscience stuff when
I was younger like UFOs like like like
the best evidence caught on tape you're
at least loved watching that stuff just
just just letting my suspension of
disbelief go a little bit okay as an old
man I can't I can't really do it anymore
I can't I can't watch them but I'll just
yeah I I want to have fun enjoying this
but this is so such obvious bullshit
here to try it this is the Monster
Hunter SEC then it's a neck category of
cryptozoology looking for Bigfoot is
that what Monster Hunters is it's a game
it's a game we like you kept your dragon
I think you're talking about the TV show
a monster rancher No one second - I
thought that was like that Syfy show
Monster Hunter we go and look for
Bigfoots
and I thought you just wanted to dodge
the question and just started talking
about TV shows no it's a game it's a
game where you like capture mom oh well
shoot don't I feel dumb wait how do I
get back to the yeah oh yeah that was
funny oh did I say watch did I ever
watch ah no I I said have you ever heard
of the Monster Hunter series and so so
here's so killer croco Meyer says they
are pretty fun to watch which means they
want us to play the month Louise and
then to watch the monster hunt you see
okay and that's why rich got confused I
like it no that is a rich that is an
acceptable confusion okay that's
acceptable
okay acceptable acceptable one more
anonymous have you seen the thick of it
really funny BBC show that likes that's
like the political version of The Office
also they made a movie adaptation called
in the loop I have not but I will look
up but I'm gonna look up Luther first
because Luther sounds great all right
we're off we'll read off the subscriber
names too in the stream oh also yeah oh
sure so Tiberius Kirk and Tiberius Kirk
says does the toiu work with the new
message let's find out because it does
because beefcake is way on top of that
shit so now when you subscribe or recent
scribe you could send us a little
message that's nice and leftover
beefcake has included that in chat
watcher watcher 2.1 mr beb's thirteen
months in a row
says this thing says I should let you
know it's my 13th month anniversary so
it's my 13th month anniversary FYI hot
hot whore just subscribe thank you for
subscribing hot or I think it's hate
horror hate oh that makes way I thought
it was like a hot whore yeah
oh you want some of these hot whore oh
you know what either way is fine by me
hey hey you could just call me the hot
whore it's time to stop the stream mokey
me and five twenty four fucking months
in a row and he says yay two years of
sub Thank You mokey aspects for 17
months in a row gutter stars and he says
Gomi Gomi one small ball Erebus and
aether vestroia 15 looking at historia
says looking forward to rogue one but no
real opinion yet Vista Zeno Trobe 23
fucking months in a row
what did you say I'm sorry I looked away
and stuff is eNOS form Zeno trope I mean
no game um Paul sue recon Center we
started early today if you're wondering
why we're ending now no we start with
like six six six thirty I've not had a
good week refusal the last two days
specifically doing a short one today I
did and Paul sue reconsider doctor
Sony's fourteen months in a row and he
says obscure reference yeah I get it
shirk spear twenty fucking months in a
row shark spear s kendama nice
Cameron Mitchell's ghost Tim salmon sale
Tim Simmons
live look the wrong line and Tim salmon
says mm ooh some sentences thank you for
entertaining ten months and beyond dr.
Gunther hooter hanker says longtime
lurker thank you for subscribing dr.
hunter dr. hunter hunter anchor this
time it's Luke
this time it's lupus he says here she
says great best of the worst guys love
all the stuff you do that was a good
best of the worse did you see that I
didn't want yet you know because I came
out they came it was like released right
around when I found out my car was
stolen sure it's a fine episode fine
entertaining episode dark for a forest
ewolf dark force tea wolf dark first
evil dark forest ewolf professor physics
nineteen months in a row professor
physics says one more month so the
fucking I need
