Jan 27, 2016
The Witness
https://www.twitch.tv/video/55527321
https://www.twitch.tv/video/55530476
https://www.twitch.tv/video/55532996
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cDrAAgeQoPA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BfArmFTcuM4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6DjlOA2Q9xE
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/692429731506053120

[Part I]
bang no way we need or what is that
tweet I'm tweeting we're streaming
you're tweeting I'm not even you know
what I'm not even tweeting about the
stream you know names too many mouths
stream I was making a joke like you
weren't tweeting about the stream
picking or tweeting tweeting about the
stream but now something you're not
tweeting about the street wasn't
tweeting about this room what fuck is
this what are we doing some very special
news that people probably already know
is space cop is back in stock live space
cop blu-rays are back in stock and so I
was just tweeting I and some something
people might that's true something
people might not know about me and space
cop it is I have the most on screen
roles in space cop barely beating out a
plastic plant but I went through the
movie a couple times to double-check
that I have the most on screen roles I'm
gonna say though I probably dominate
when it comes to screen time oh of
course of course you down any when it
comes to screen time Mike and J dominate
when it comes to off screen roles
because obviously you know yeah but I I
am on screen and in the widest variety
of roles so almost yeah almost
oh I mean I am one of all of those
aliens that's true
and so I I wanted to tweet that out and
you know to remind people that space cop
is back in stock some some people who
subscribe before we started yeah sure I
can do with that you can do whatever you
want do what everyone frosty snooze 18
months in a row huh Oh sausage toes 13
months in a row
and was it was a Michelle wait hey
Michael I was once in Michael a Michelle
hey Michelle let's say miss you're like
it's totally a mission a Michelle no a
Michelle eighty seven seventeen months
in a row and knowledge junkie thanks for
subscribing we appreciate it
does that mean I have my little slut SIA
because I see that name I want to say my
love am i moving the a over in my brain
a Michael what do you mean you know it's
well yeah you know you you just want it
to fit correctly maybe a cesarean fart
oh did I not update this dream and
Theodore J hooker 17 months in a row
thank you for subscribing thank you okay
appreciate it we we are not playing
punch club no matter what it says I
thought I updated the stream apparently
I did not we are playing the witness the
hot hot friend this is a hot fresh and
new pop and fresh pop and fresh pop and
pop and locking all those that we're
doing all those things we're playing the
witness this is the new indie game from
Jonathan Blow famed creator of braid
kicker offer of the next wave of indie
games the what what what what and I have
no idea what's going on so I guess I'm
walking forward I would also recommend
walking forward I'm not running forward
I'm currently I'm gonna leave walk
forward I don't know
yeah
or the settings no speed must be 2d
Mouse softening interesting interesting
that not interesting Bobby said there
are 2d segments and three segments would
be mice interesting rich is playing drag
this oh alright drag the thing over okay
I drag this thing over you did it oh my
god oh you know what my preferred way to
solve puzzles is just to slam my face
right into it okay oh all right
okay oh my god it's so oh my god it's so
colorful Oh benjamine Oh free if you
forgot to ask for a signature don't
don't tell us send an email your contact
at red letter media does not like
telling me and Jack is getting you know
that's gonna do for you jack shit big
jack shit boat pile on nothing so
contact at red letter media comm say hey
this is my name if you have your order
number that'll help them find it yeah
well I've been playing Dragon's Dogma
which I like but oh this is so beautiful
and colorful compare oh look at that
it's like you walk into a world of color
look at that you walk you walk out of
your dreary fantasy world into a world
of amazing colors it's so pretty oh it's
so pretty
you know what people's boom jack will
shit on my copy of space copy you know
if you pay enough if you really want
that Liam Liam make an arrangement
yeah interesting interesting
oh I think I see the puzzle thing
there's a thing here oh you have to
power up all gonna power up all the
things we got Power Ball things my V and
you'll see what take it's it's amazing
it's so amazing to your nope okay I just
want to see if you get blind yourself
and you can you can block yourself oh I
don't see it do you see it and I see it
I think we're Blanco
you can Bryce are from the other yeah
well you know that's a necessary ID no
no or something yeah I see it I see it
okay oh sorry oh no no oh yeah yeah yeah
yay puzzles I like puzzles rich can you
confirm this will become an X come to
channel for two weeks probably probably
fine probably probably like a month you
know there's gonna be a lot of X come to
which also means there's gonna be a lot
of gibbering for me because I can only
imagine it'll mostly be rich oh my god
indeed Lord Belmont would like to say I
started watching Fargo because of you
thank you very much it's such a great
show I'm halfway through the second
season fantastic absolutely Fargo is
great i I enjoyed the first season a lot
more but even the second season still
it's still great - it's a fire going
everything fire
okay so now you have to do the other one
to wait it was her Oh down there shit
can you come off your path already like
you know see where it would be and I
work backwards from I'll show you again
oh let's see here also anonymous says
hate guys I don't want to spoil that
scene but yeah anonymous was also
telling us their favorite scene in space
cop is it my is it my favorite scene ah
watch it what's your favorite scene
without spoiling it and involved a
choo-choo train no it is not your
favorite scene it involves a very
special guest star great job rich hope
you guys have some better plans for
Valentine's Day than Deadpool Zoolander
oh yeah my go see Deadpool oh Lord
Belmont also says also a rich look into
homeworld deserts of Kharak why I don't
like realtime strategy games mm I hate
real I hate most every real-time
strategy game okay most every and you
you make a sequel to homeworld right
yeah which the big thing with spaceships
and rotating and like 3d space yeah and
then you make a sequel that takes place
entirely on the ground yeah not in space
what the fuck what the fuck right right
it's one of those things where it's like
what what were you thinking what were
you thinking young man
what was right we can't say what Rich's
favorite scene is yet cuz spoilers
because spoilers I hope I'm doing more
than mazes I can only imagine there's
more than mazes around or maybe there's
not who knows
Burak odd is asking about the Space Camp
digital release there is no definitive
date for the space cop digital release I
can't say cuz I don't know no no what oh
I thought I thought I was like wait a
minute you might you have to do another
puzzle later so don't screw yourself but
now it doesn't matter so what I'm
talking about
twitch plays Pokemon says it could have
been cool if there was an underground
aspect to it isn't it about scavenging
or salvaging ships that crashed into the
desert planet anyway they're talking
about karach yeah correct do they agree
with me though that it seems weird that
you would follow up homeworld with a
game that takes place on the ground and
the desert yeah where else you gonna go
with it you just do more space because
that's the fun shit I want to build
spaceship since I hate real-time
strategy that's the only thing I liked
about holding homeworld 1 & 2 sure and
now they took that away the fuck what
the motherfucking fuck motherfucker
how long until space cop is on Netflix
probably a very long time but it says
what is this stats you gotta do
something with that snow oh that's
that's right Mario Mario Dredd is a
wonderful movie congratulations on
watching it everyone should watch Dredd
it's a wonderful movie all these dots
what are you doing I don't know what I'm
doing oh just getting dots dipping these
things on here now and I don't know what
they do I think I'll figure it out are
you dippin dots mister shy smile I I
think you'll find you'll find out
exactly I think you'll find out exactly
what rich and I think about Dragon's
Dogma soon we just we just shot
something today in which we will explain
in great detail our feelings for
Dragon's Dogma / although we can both
say we feel very positively about it
that's the that's the summation so I
don't we don't hold you in anticipation
what oh it didn't like that it did not
like it was that a bomb that I said a
bomb
anonymous would like to say my name is
Jack Beck of Germantown police
department mr. Don Wilson we'd like to
ask you a few questions on your wear
about the night of Friday tip has come
our way saying you stole a load of
cheese I can't get in today oh no when I
thought you need a whole night for that
when I'm donning I can't just do that in
spurts god damn it
fearful slugs boy yes we played
invisible ink after the updates I know
rich liked it a lot more and I certainly
can't do it while I'm playing a game
what Don will so know there's no way
that's impossible I I kind of ran out of
steam with invisible ink that's
enjoyable what I got out of it yeah I
like like invisible ink but yeah we both
played it after the okay so you need to
not hit those things or you need to hit
thing I need to hit them both uh-oh okay
the response that last when I pass that
word look like it was physically
impossible to them at all Oh so I don't
know what's gonna happen
robo-dog I cannot tell you what we think
of the witness so far we have been
playing for approximately three minutes
in these three minutes we've done a lot
of these puzzles and I I hope it goes
somewhere I am gonna go out on the limb
and say I'm sure that it goes somewhere
because it has to go somewhere right I
don't have to do anything it doesn't
want to do that's it's a free it's a
free individual it is that is that is
true and you are correct
all right Jack how do I do this what's
puzzling huh how do I do this how do you
get all of them yeah okay I can't go
back right I see
oh no no you go right first right up
nope
back up that would not left up oh never
mind maybe you were right go all the way
down first I can't do that
oh no no I can't do Oh interesting hmm
how interesting hmm hmm a lot wait go
back to that I want to find one let's
see if I can figure it out why am I
playing this game is already furry this
is totally eerie this is you here you
take this give me this
do you have your where's your boy oh
it's downstairs well from when we did
the thing with a thing where is it
where's your wooden plank I'll find a
plank hold on I need a wooden plank and
this game is already farty this is I I
doing okay wait how do i how do I get me
over here
let me get over here okay here we go
take like okay I got it I got it rich
didn't even know how much oh he didn't
even know how much I got it
I
right
dude I'm the one that should be fighting
these games now rich I got a I got to do
this though with the mouse and the
keyboard I think rich I think rich took
the controller home I don't even know if
this game is supported by controllers
oh I think it's supposed to go in
between the black and the white so like
this one we're supposed to go here yeah
am I supposed to segregate this is all
about segregation like this I'm so
honest
so on it
oh oh isn't that interesting
I don't rich has abandoned me also rich
has abandoned me has unbanded me rich
has banded me
hey you see that it's pretty good it's
pretty good well guys that I mean I'm
pretty good so we do the same thing boom
boom segregation
that's the message it's not the message
it's just a puzzle just a puzzle
everybody settle down
okay well this one
boom okay great let's look around the
world a little bit this is beautiful
everything here is beautiful and I love
it and I probably don't want to go down
there
can I jump I jump I cannot jump can I
jump like oj4 jump no J does not jump I
cannot jump can I fall oh oh I can't
fall actually okay jump nope walking
slowly around the world being by myself
the heart eat hearty hearty tea oh
here's a puzzle Oh devil puzzle ooh
devil puzzle initiate oh oh it's my
shadow
it's my shadow that's the real puzzle
reg did you bring your controller is
this game good supported by controllers
that's how I'm Morgan I mean that's how
more come from playing everything look
look what I discovered rich we have a
shadow nice we have a shadow rich you
don't need the board anymore I'm hoping
I'm hoping as I really in general thank
you I just prefer controller I you know
I know don't get into a whole thing
everybody anything with aiming anything
with aiming I would probably far prefer
to have mouse and keyboard actually
didn't really talk about string the
review so I'll talk about her here about
what Dragon's Dogma okay because you can
use a bow right yeah most of the games
melee yeah the melee stuff with the
sword are more comfortable with a
controller but with a bow I'd use a
sword so I was playing a lot of the game
with how do you get to the menu hit
escape
hey use the arrow keys okay so I was
playing like part of the game with like
the controller and then having a mouse
next to me when I dragged the bow on I
had to go over to the mouse real quick
so I came with the mouse
you know cuz I started off with a
fighter class oh I got used to using the
controller yeah
what's going on I stopped to the game so
I could restart it now that the
controllers plug to see if it recognizes
it okay okay I'm hoping this for the boy
use a mouse did I did I misspeak I use
the mouse for the boat I'm gonna speak
all the time people know that about me
yes controller whoa now now I is ready
to play is the someone tell me if you
can see the game I'm pretty sure you can
okay hold on settings Wow just watching
you you say a controller to navigate and
the first-person perspective just gave
me of like a mild headache for a split
second mild headache oh my god oh my god
oh how do you scroll this thing you know
this supposed to highlight do you have
didn't what do two fingers what do you
daddy scroll how do you do things with
your this thing I don't get touched
right people like touch anything it's
horrible it's horrible and it's
imprecise and I hate it I hate it you
want a scroll up or down but I just
wherever I want to scroll when I if I
want to like see something to go to the
scrollbar okay so this doesn't function
like other scroll things this is like a
different yeah but my finger doesn't
want to recognize them on the far right
yeah you hate it I hate it I'm sorry
hold on I'm not I'm not quite there yet
actually titling a stream about a slow
puzzle game with a reference to one of
the most high-speed action films the
21st century is kind of a dick move we
said not a Mad Max reference that's what
we said here we go here's puzzle number
one so these are like mirror puzzles so
we have to like
Oh God oh god damn it all the way up all
the way up what's going on
well too much up too much up oh just
tinkering with the settings how's your
art game so far you know it's very arty
setting so on back down back down which
confirm for old manners there's
something I really have to feel bad
about yeah no shit I'm an old man we
know this yeah that's the thing that's
that's just me
that's the thing about me have you
did you not know that about rich she's
kind of an old man
you know like how this is exciting
rich I'm like this is so exciting I like
them I enjoy puzzles
this is neat this double at once thing
this is kind of neat I'm not gonna
apologize for enjoying puzzles me Oh
oh snap damn
Oh
do-do-do-do-do-do you're gonna fuck
yourself up and the ones in the outer
edges though I cuz you're I can already
see and one you know that one can get
through I take it back oh there's two
outer ones you don't to do those
apparently not
hey that's do I do I know fair enough
yeah they're good never fucking mine
okay
so I open that up and now we follow the
glowy worm snake two more puzzles follow
the glowy worm snake buzzer oh look a
besito opposite opposite though this is
like a slightly more difficult version
of alien isolation ah I think that's a
fair criticism except with like no well
at least they're up front though about
the game being about opening doors what
do we have a new noise right so do you
see that uh oh my oh my god what
happened is for the square what is the
square do why is there square coz
there's a square and where do we live
off there all of these red except for
the ones at the top is this one red oh
yeah it was down low some London we did
read that I mean yeah alright nama says
Mr Evans my name is Jack Beck of
Germantown PD like to ask you a few
questions
so someone
someone tipped us off saying you sold
stolen cheese and wouldn't sell the
munster you let my giraffe babies die
someone really wants to see Tom Wilson
tonight
the real Veon says I finally saw Space
Camp
it was great it's great it's great
thanks the real be on I guess the thing
that's not in the movie would that be
considered spoilers it was not in the
movie it was the thing in the trailer
that's not on the movie it was in the
trailer it's a joke what if I say it hmm
no it was not in the movie except
spoilers there was no giant blue light
which shot up into the sky
despite being after that's true I expect
to see it the extended edition yeah that
was I think I was purely a trailer joke
yeah because all trailers have yeah the
giant blue light
then we have to dub our selves a lot for
Space Camp
I got that vibe for quite a few of the
scenes that was a lot of lot of
background noise places where she can't
always help but you know that happens
obviously you know you try to you try to
make it sound as natural as possible but
but you know it happens oh my god Oh
crazy headache come to life I love it oh
god
ya know so I so far we this is uh this
is us playing the first you know ten
minutes so do do doot doot doot doot
doot doot doot doot I have to imagine
they'll be more than just what you're
doing over and over again
uh I don't maybe not maybe it's just
puzzles beautiful scenery and blend
puzzles well I'm sure they get more
difficult but it's puzzles I found some
more puzzles rich ok
I'm super excited for you thinking are
they thinking of reviewing space cop for
half the bag no no I don't I don't think
they could we kind of masturbatory
wasn't really reviewing your own movie
yeah incredibly up hit the one oh wait
you're getting it that one yeah we have
right up left up left there yep that's
the control there yep
I was just the controller I got it to
the gate
oh did I miss one oh there it is more
sneaky which plays Pokemon says I heard
it's 20 hours long so I expect the
puzzles to get really crazy later in the
game oh I can only imagine is it the
same type of puzzle over and over again
or do they ever do anything like
different I would assume it's the same
type of it just get harder and harder
where do you start right here mmm this
is a love letter to missed well no
wonder I'm not loving it not a fan of
myths I hate missed
I hate miss so much obviously this is
too simple for it to be that simple
oh I get it
look at the rocks oh that's kind of
that's kind of clever I think that's
very clever
oh yeah recruit more pimps for uses and
hold a weekly best of the worst party
with some friends I already seen troll 2
and Miami connection and we are looking
for suggestions preferably with blood
debts ending caliber ridiculousness
ridiculousness
let's see what's really good well we
enjoyed as you probably know watching
Deadly Prey oh yeah oh you need to see
deadly pride like praise a quality one
yeah you'll bring anything well no no
you can't start with your brain I think
I think yeah and your brain would melt
your brain would melt you need other
crazy first what's crazier than Neal
Breen just doesn't make any sense
go all the way around the edge because
there's nothing I don't know I don't
know these are all the rock one alright
can you look at it from the other side
no oh wow there I think unless you look
at it from a different angle right I
don't think you can I'll get it from a
different angle are you gonna get that
one first
yeah what was the one we watched but Len
that had the ridiculous ending what the
the wheelchair getting knocked over and
the guy in drag was that that was that
ninja vengeance or ninja through the
domination no that was the one with the
possessed woman then yes and then I
think it was ninja vengeance joke
vengeance telegin says mr. Wilson we
know what you did to mr. Trump's
hairpiece the money is in Colombia
they're conspiring to get Don Wilson
back look if I'm not feeling up to it
it's gonna be a letdown I gotta I gotta
be in character for that shit to work
everybody loves Don Wilson so you want
to ruin it if it is this one you know
that you know you know that all just
tells me that I'm not interesting enough
and I agree but it's very sad to hear
someone else saying oh very sad this
trick here that we're gonna sing Jack
there's it was it was the rocks over
there so you just had kind of had to see
over there and see that it was like a
medium small tall medium oh so oh look
at those rocks that was the trick I
figured it out I kind of hate that trick
yeah
Oh what how much do we have to tip to
get done Wilson for the rest of the
stream oh god the rest of the stream a
single two thousand dollar donation a
single two thousand dollar donation wow
I can't even guarantee it'll be good
done Wilson because I'm just not I'm not
gonna know if I'm better off I'm up to
it but I'll try for $2,000 one single
donation and before some rich artist
does it if they do then good advice to
be shipped with that money
rich what is it on my shirt Superman and
Batman oh it's not my shirt
you know stupid man Abed mean rich you
know that will happen and then we'll
have that whole sonic bidding war
situation I don't know what the sonic
bidding war situation is sonic bidding
war yeah
are they calling planet freedom planet
sonic is that what they're doing they're
similar but if I get $2,000 it's great
that's great
is it $2,000 mm no no it's two dollars
it's only two dollars blow tractor says
jet make sure to check out Jack make
sure to check out the board game /
iPhone app ascension chronicle of the
God's lair rich I'm going to the bar
with some friends soon any tips to pick
up girls I'll report back I really don't
I am the worst person you can ask for
tips on girls because I'm gonna tell you
something I've only ever been with Karen
she's been I've known her since high
school she's been she's been it so I
never went through all that you never
went through getting girls my high
school sweetie that's fine that's all
fine
Lord Belmont says I was a static to see
Bruce Campbell in Fargo season 2 what
chronicle of the guys there okay
Oh Janice Janice I was ascension :
chronicle of the god Slayer and then
Lord bellman says I was ecstatic to see
Bruce Campbell in Fargo season 2
besides Fargo
what other more violent dark shows would
you recommend anonymous says I'm sorry
rich I tried one thing at a time
what other dark shit oh I guess I guess
I should shut up quick and furious now
this is one single donation you know I'm
not doing this for the nickel and diming
up mm oh if you want to do that I'm not
gonna stop you but I'll only do dumb
Wilson all night for a single two
thousand dollar donation I went too low
last time it's gotta mean something I so
I bookmarked attention thank you I am
looking for a new a new app game okay
so dark shows like Fargo is uh is what
was mentioned I mean like Fargo is top
Fargo so fucking good do you watch
anything dark like Fargo have you seen I
find to find dark would you call ash vs.
Evil Dead dark no it's goofy I know that
I watch much that's dark
don't think on it and come back to it
anonymous says I'm sorry rich tried to
cheer you up with a joke about a truck
full of cheese that was stolen Friday
night wasn't the Milwaukee news I wasn't
trying to put you and the Don Wilson to
the spot anonymous it's all cool
I actually hadn't heard about the truck
full of cheese being stole always that
way you keep mentioning the cheese I
thought that was just like somebody want
her started down Wilson bed yeah no I'd
no idea there was an actual thing and
then it just sounds like a Don Wilson
scheme it does sound like a done okay
cerclage cheese all right and then we'll
age it out on the black mark I have the
world's largest door nachos we need
Jesus let's taste what you can get for
$2,000 terrible rich our Miller says for
the $2 for they come to Orlando fun not
that you will I just want to bring the
gag back oh sure the count that come to
come to hear fun oh it's a fine gag it's
fine oh wait where does this one go
let's track
it's dark dark shows that show dark
shows yeah yeah I mean you know it's
really tough to compare with Fargo I
know everybody likes um
better call Saul did this just ends here
go back what are the phone follow your
lines well this is where it ended all
right but that probably opened up
something further back then then you
went past oh wait look there's a little
cord don't do one on this side - I'm
asking you and you don't know Caesarion
fart says hey guy hey I got my copy
space cop last week and screened it for
our parents oh my god I think they
finally disowned me great work well you
should have known that would be a bad
idea
come on come on there's like a little
cord Rick and Morty isn't that dark are
you kidding me Rick and Morty is a blend
of dark and light Rick and Morty is
totally dark humor I would categorize
that as dark Rick and Morty yeah yeah
you've you seems some finite I have seen
some what you think I saw the first
season okay what do you think the first
season hey it's all right
okay I'm not blown away by it I actually
it's a little - and I I'd like I totally
get it that this is their style but it's
like they're a little it's a little too
like freeform improvi uh-huh and I like
it totally get it that's how they write
it and that's what makes it so fun I
also cannot stand
Rick's burp talking it grates on my ears
every time he burp talks they're like
Bert belches in the middle of talking I
hate it Esther pego says Rick and Morty
isn't dark dude a fucking the ending of
an episode is is Rick of trying to kill
himself and failing because he passes
out right before the machine blows his
head up right it gets dark in a good
funny way but it still goes dark Rick
and Morty's real man thing could they
get real they get really real and they
ruined the world in one episode like the
world gets overrun with monsters because
of an experiment that gets out of hand
so they find an alternate dimension
where they die and then they bury their
own corpses and just take over in the
new alternate world
yeah that's dark that's season one but
it's right it's funny but it's dark
Oh what
ragged scribe says rich can yes Jack if
you'd watch my ten minutes Scott if you
can watch my 10 minute comedy skit and
give me editing tips here's the link by
the way love space cop I guess here's
the thing I will but I will give you
tips and some people don't deal with
criticism well so so that I'm blocked
here actually I don't know if I have to
open up a different thing first so
interesting if I missed something
oh yeah I did miss okay save was that a
tip did he tip us anything for ya okay
then and then I'll have it yeah I'll
give it a look unless you want me to
watch it right now which case that might
be difficult Jack confirmed for ice cold
yes I am well you know if you're asking
for tips that's you have to give the
advice you you chickened out and you're
doing nobody any favors yeah but you
know some good there
there are some people who like there are
some people who ask for like you know Oh
could you could you watch this and let
me know what you think and then you know
you spend time and you give like you try
to give like constructive criticism and
they don't want to hear it all they
wanted to hear is that they were great
you know like no I just want you to see
and tell me I was great it's like oh no
that's you want one small ball says hey
guys got my copy a space cut Monday
funny is all fuck and since rich is
wearing a Batman shirt here's my dog
dressed like the bat this link oh I
guess we can check that out later cool
yep got sent this today and I read it
Batman and the Teenage Mutant Ninja
Turtles which of two things I like
mm-hmm and Freddie Williams did the arm
hey cool guy pretty good it's pretty
good it's pretty pretty good I haven't
been in a comic store in five years but
I want to read the rest of those issues
and they're out at the track down Batman
Ninja Turtles I got them digitally
I got them digitally so I could just
bring I could just have you log onto
comiXology like that comiXology
oh wait yeah no I better on down
ya know cuz we have to end here how oh
wait that's right and so they're going
opposites the trick might be like go all
the way over by it may be that we're now
listen you'll miss that one there has to
be a trick of course gobbledygook says
tipping 2004 Don Wilson he only Tim 61
32 why there's a lot also did you know
you could play a Superman or Batman in
DC Universe Online for the ps4 it's free
you fucks never gets old fucks maybe 61
is like $2,000 and in rubles you got it
how many of hoople's there's 61 dollars
they talk like Russian men for a minute
or two it's good no yes maybe you're
making me run the gamut of emotions
yes then over them up just this guy
you'll notice nobody exists on purpose
nobody belong anywhere everybody's going
to die come watch TV
just watch GI and their FEHB recently
really fun yeah bring back Jack is Jesus
Lisa's tax deductable right absolute 100
percent that's right oh that was in
season one too when when Marty's sister
was like contemplating her existence
drop some knowledge on Rick and Morty oh
oh wait so are they telling me that I
need to get the opposite ones maybe no
okay
oh so how do you do this how is this
even okay or the first one I touch is
blue I touch the other one last time oh
okay okay so this but it just villain in
the die hard
oh that makes me sad the guys already
weigh in on their evidence that's better
I like bear you like bear I have not
seen it from from what two assholes
told me in a review of their as I
watched I would probably not enjoy it
how did we get Russian rich and how does
anything happen just fucking go with it
not everything has to be for a reason
why did that happen why does this happen
why are things the way they are cares
mandemus is would you say waking up
inside a dead horse is oscar-worthy or
just a good end to a good night what's
the meaning of life I don't know
fuck you cure everyone knows the meaning
of life it's just far simpler than any
one then anyone who cares to think you
know the meaning life is fuck make a
baby meaning of life is make a baby have
a woman make baby that makes for a great
night does it does it make baby woman
favorite Stargate episode the one where
I've never watched Star Gate a single
day in my life my favorite episodes an
interesting choice rich you've never
seen a single star Gator so no I hated
the movie movies just this stupid why
would I want to see the show
I hear that shows good so whatever not
like I haven't been wrong before
yes no down no I guess that works doing
believe I had another way well I needed
to get the one bitch you bitch in this
bitch yeah you're gonna have to step off
there bitch I tell you what favorite
XCOM enemy probably not gonna be a
popular choice thin men thin men because
early on in the game in the early months
in the early a months in XCOM are the
best part of the game are just
absolutely terrifying enemies that will
fuck your shit up and then when you get
better equipment and you get better in
the game and you just start slaughtering
them it's very satisfying so thin men
hmm Thin Mints interesting
I have come so close to a perfect XCOM
playthrough I my XCOM Holy Grail is a
classic Iron Man playthrough where
that's the classic is the difficulty
ironmans where you can't reload an old
safe
oh sure where I don't lose a single
country and don't lose a single soldier
against this there's a spot where you
get the technology good enough you don't
really have to worry the game gets a lot
easier uh-huh a thin man always manages
to take out either a squaddie or a
rookie before I get there I'm so sorry
so sorry
oh that's look at your yellows weird you
have to do something to activate your
yellow or is just some kind of graphical
glitch glitch watch it could be a
graphical glitch or it could be that
these yellows are just really good watch
also could be blobs just might be weird
XCOM is a puzzle shooter and not really
puzzles are pre pre generated ex comas
tactical thing you're making tactical
decisions there's multiple solutions
adorable weighing gains and losses
that's tactics it's not puzzle II really
use your brain like you do at a puzzle
game but they might be being funny mmm
no they've said that over and over again
they might be being funny because this
is a puzzle game you know what I also
just don't know I don't know who's doing
no player should ever lose a soldier you
have a save and reload button don't play
the game that way you're doing it wrong
and what is that called saves from a
save scumming save scumming the glory of
XCOM is just dealing with that loss that
glorious soldier you loved that's the
beauty of it oh by the way look what's
happening here the yellow
this is actually really clever look the
yellow has been getting lighter and
lighter yeah
and I'm here you can't even see can't
even see it oh I get it
I don't know I just kind of have to
mentally that just seems miserable how
could you stand that up yeah it's like
this yeah because because the yellow
also goes opposite you have a blow oh
yeah
rich do you play hearthstone no done no
yeah yeah you know if you don't answer
that I'm gonna say that question 50 more
times even though I don't have an
interesting answer to the questions just
got to nip it in the bud Jack no no the
answer's no no what the fuck game is
this this game is called witness witness
like it's it's basically missed but
instead of like point-and-click based
puzzles you have these little to be
puzzles where all the war boys I don't
understand rich Jack / from the obvious
what are some games you sunken-in or an
inordinate amounts of time and do
anything everyone knows in the XCOM yeah
definitely I have a shocking amount of
hours in the wildly unpopular Teenage
Mutant Ninja Turtles game what's it
called out of the shadows the show which
everyone shits on I think mostly just
because co-op is broken and I don't give
a shit about that
right cuz I'm a single-player guy and I
think the game is good hybrid between a
Batman style fighter and like a ninja
gaiden style combo fighter
nice hybrid wildly unpopular choice
though that I think that is surprising
look at most people will be surprised to
hear that Jack and yeah everybody knows
that - its tf2 I haven't said what they
want one that's surprising you have just
talked about do you have a just a lot of
hours in could be Oh could be game maybe
like 15 years ago right and you haven't
thought about a March since like no one
for me máximo old PlayStation 2 game
sure and its sequel in order to amount
of hours in same for the zone of the
enders games and I played No More Heroes
of fuck ton of times I probably have
like as far as old-school games are
concerned probably the the the game I
have the most amount of hours in is
turtles in time for the Super Nintendo
mmm that's a game that you can beat like
if you're hauling you can beat in 20
minutes a half an hour and I've just
played it so many fucking times love
that game it's great game WTF is Maximo
Maximo is unofficial spiritual sequel to
the ghosts and goblins games or you're
some kind of nighty kind of guy who runs
around only and you can usually slay
monsters only Maximo is 3d whereas the
ghosts and goblins games were insanely
hard 2d platformers you know you're an
IT kind of guy you get hit your armor
flies off and you're in your boxer
shorts running around do you find more
armor I think that's the thing that
people would recognize about it the most
is the the knight in the boxer shorts
but that day the game did grit great and
I think most people hated it but I kind
of liked it was you had a shield in that
game but your shield could get broken
you can only block like ten times and
instead of just being like playing that
game like a turtle I just held down the
block button you have to be judicial
about how you blocked I kind of liked
that
new TMNT game looks great it looks
shallow it looks flashy and I imagine
it's gonna be a button masher but that's
going on very little hopefully I'm wrong
it reminded me too much of their
transformers game it looks it looks a
lot like the Transformers game and
that's very mushy it's not very deep at
all but we'll see hopefully I'm horribly
wrong I don't I don't think the most
recent transformers game was there was
Platinum's best game by far I played it
once and then I kind of just completely
forgot about the Transformers game yeah
look what they're doing here you solve
these puzzles yeah and then these are
mirrors okay remember oh you can't see
word is dark souls 3 is coming out soon
if you think ds1 felt a little dated
three looks to be a great game coming
off blood-borne are you guys going to
check it out probably yes yeah I mean
maybe I the why would you not after
loving blood-borne because the thing
that made me love the setting of
blood-borne is great I'm not I you know
I'm not as into that as I am the weird
you know medieval things sure right but
the gameplay of blood-borne is just all
sides it's not bad and the other Dark
Souls game here there's some reason I
haven't gone back to play those two just
played blood-borne yeah but I think that
part of the reason that I do that is
because of the setting of blood-borne
which which game would you say is
Platinum's best well I'm not gonna lie
and say I've played a metric shit-ton of
their games like I've never played band
that I'm a metric a metric shit yeah
I've never played the Bayonetta games
and I haven't I still haven't gotten
around to the the Metal Gear
they did so by default my answer is
vanquished which is like one of my
favorite games of all time yeah it's
time to stand up you gonna do that I'm
gonna stand up everybody we've been
streaming for about an hour I'm gonna
check the phone message I got so I'm
gonna do we've been streaming for about
an hour and as you guys know this is
something that usually I'll acts on so I
set my phone timer it's been an hour
everybody stand up if you're sitting
down you can sit down for an hour stand
up so important it's so important to
stand up once an hour yep stand up
walked through the kitchen to get
another beer that counts is standing up
absolutely
abso-freakin'-lutely I'm gonna set a
timer here for another hour you know why
it's really important to stand up mm-hmm
really important to get that blood
moving ah
hurry up there we go sleeping's
different everybody knows that don't be
dumb when you sleep you don't need to
worry about walking around but when you
just when you sit your legs they atrophy
it's terrible for you okay rich what is
the reason I'm the worst at these rich
what is on your shirt obviously as you
can see these are two lesbians going at
it
yeah that's what's on my shirt what
what oh fuck you
Oh I'm just the worst at these rich
here's what I'm gonna do this isn't
cheating
are you really playing this the whole
stream looks like it
see Jack jackpot this would go over like
gangbusters cuz this is the big hot game
this is the hot new indie title it's the
hot new indie title guys quick we put it
to a vote is Jack completely 1000% wrong
about that about this being that I'm not
wrong about it being the hot new indie
title like if people don't like it yeah
yeah where did it go
where'd it go it didn't know you draw
the thing with you where did it go did I
only get one shot at that what the fuck
what the fuck guy let me check to see if
I got that two thousand dollar donation
you know so waiting on a two thousand
dollar single donation to do Don
Wilson's voice now the rest of the
stream you have to redo the previous one
do I that's what that's what I'm being
told
oh okay all right great
okay so
don't mind me this is perfectly legal
guessing if he gets $2,000 the stream
will and two minutes later I wouldn't be
that big a prick that would be really
pretty that'd be a dick move
I'd be prick ish and no one would ever
show up to a stream again yeah and you
know what you'd be right to do that that
would be prick ish as fuck do you guys
have an email address or something or I
can send you my hot new indie title
absolutely I was previously recorded at
but what is it it's prereq prereq at red
letter media calm p re re c @ red letter
media calm don't mind me I'm just
cheating just take a picture it's more
fun if I draw it how about that snot
some more time-consuming I don't give a
fuck what King King vidya I think in in
reference to the two thousand dollar
one-time donation a single donation for
Don Wilson earnest the stream says
shouldn't the price lower with less time
remaining in the stream oh yeah I don't
make the rules that's true rich does not
make rules she does not make the rules
if it's one thing about rich Evans I
know he does not make the rules okay

[Part II]
whoa
no I did it I did it wait wait nope nope
nope nope nope nope nope it's backwards
its backwards and upside down rich what
tablet are using actually this look a
hybrid tablet laptop thing that that
Jack has it's a it's a Lenovo yoga and
it's it was it was an old Windows laptop
that I had lying around and I thought it
would be better it would be easier for
us to use this for like watching
monitoring chat and stuff what am i
doing rich I don't know you're playing
this game I'm reading the chat because
this game is boring me to tears rich
does are this rlm have a list of own
movies I have some horrible stuff to
mail in but hoping y'all don't have them
already we thought about at once but we
have a fuck ton of movies and such a
list would be completely a prayer
impractical to make even take days or
years to make that list
spend the day making it it would
probably take more than a day we've got
three walls that are nothing but videos
DVDs of all the movies yes
oh god no yeah that would be that'd be
hell that would be heck that would be
heck on earth $2,000
no no we are short 1998 dollars on that
said Griff McMillan Terry says I wasn't
able to get up when jackass because
after a recent tragic bone-marrow injury
I didn't have the right health plan at
the Emperor Palpatine reconstructive
Medical Center which which sadly has now
been stripped from the canon oh yeah
there is now no longer a Emperor
Palpatine medical reconstruction Center
medical reconstruction surgery center oh
that's that's a shame that's a shame no
and yeah obviously if you are injured
don't stand reconstructive Medical
Center oh my god for those of us who
wait them wait this looks wait this
looks too simple rich
oh oh okay oh is it it's gonna shoot me
it's a gun and it's gonna shoot me why
do you move out of the way it yeah just
back up a little bit more
no I just had a blue team that's all so
sorry that's all right
Newman Otto says this hot new indie
title is gangbusters question what's the
strangest thing you've ever eaten you
know I think this is this is a good game
I could see people being bored by it and
I'm sorry if you are but it's a hot new
indie title and you know rich and I are
we're supposed to play the the hot new
games and this is the hottest this is
the newest it's like just can't look at
this okay what's that stack of tires
look at it look at it look at these have
sticker tires just sitting there
look I've drawn it I want to explore
this world and Italy ignore all of the
puzzles can I do that of course of
course you could you can do whatever you
want it's a video game you can play a
video game however you want that's what
makes it different now rich you're not
an adventurous eater as you have many
food allergies hmm when I was a kid I
used to think I was like clever and
inventive because I mixed my coke and
milk and that was my own drink that I
invented oh my god yeah oh yeah I'm
horrible also like to put like Kraft
cheese on top of Pringles laid out like
a pattern and then Pringles is half of
that and then more cheese then I put it
in the microwave and that was my own
food that I invented when I was a young
child that's awesome that's awesome
cook milk coke milk your own adventure
welcome microwave cheese I mean that's
great
I have eaten many many weird things
including but not limited to fried bugs
oxtail all sorts of different meats
alligator kangaroos all sorts of weird
shit and I love eating weird shit it's
like mist but all the puzzles are the
same yeah kinda you know kinda
ah yeah it's very missed
it's what you would call very missed
it's really upsetting that I can't jump
off these parts just an aesthetic thing
it's upsetting that I can't jump mm-hmm
that would be that would be something I
would want the ability to jump someone
is saying hint do you want a hint no all
right not yet yeah I'll let you know but
thank you I know it's gotta be
frightened sometimes like I can only
imagine that if you know the solution to
a puzzle like watching someone else try
to figure out has got to be incredibly
frustrating which have you ever tried
vegetarian meat alternatives everyone
I've ever tried has been awful just just
awful I've had some really good veggie
burgers but here's what I like to do
veggie burgers you know it's like it's a
lot sometimes a lot of like beans and
onions and mixed-up vegetables I like to
put it on top of a regular burger
because then it makes a regular burger
healthier thank you everybody burgers I
just don't care you know you make good
veggie burgers yeah you don't make a
veggie burger that's how you make a good
veggie burger probably I would never
just eat a veggie burger by itself that
would be sick here's another one can I
get two that one
I get to you
ah
did I hear about homeworld deserts of
crack I just got here
okay I'm not sure if you answered before
Carrick and I'm not sure if that's a
joke Carrick cuz you really should have
showed up like like an hour ago
crack quickly summarise your feelings
giant step backwards rich what it sounds
like bass I don't enjoy being on the
ground in the desert that's like the
last thing I want to do in a whole world
sequel here we go oh oh it's oh it's
locked I get it I get it
Ritchie you a Marxist no I wouldn't say
that a Marxist question to ask me that
very strange question I mean I'm
definitely missing something I'm missing
how we're supposed to do this one
this game is boring but I just feel
obligated to watch prereq well you know
hopefully we can we can fill your
boredom with jibber when we play a game
like this that's the hope at least and
if we can't I'm sorry this is the game
everybody's talking about right now
and by everybody I mean like the three
people I follow on Twitter and they talk
about this case not the politics again
right yeah he's right you're right
you're talking about my so Jack how do
you feel about religion oh my god have
you been paying attention to the whole
the the resurgence of the flat earthers
vaguely yes because I didn't even know
the flat earthers were a thing until you
pointed it out like 18 streams ago and
now that like quasi popular rapper came
out as a flat earther yeah and I've
never heard of b.o.b so it's gonna be a
thing now so it's a huge thing right now
where you know this rapper just and he
and he believes in like illegal human
cloning and the flat earth she believe
he believes in illegal human cloning yes
and a flat earth yes so great it's not a
joke no he's not a joke he's like really
serious and he takes pictures of like
the skyline and I was like where's the
curve in the earth if the earth is round
and you're like really dude really and
and apparently he got into a beef with
neil degrasse tyson neil degrasse was
just like listen man you if you want to
think like that that's fine i'm not
gonna like detract from like your music
I think the other grass Tyson is a Neil
deGrasse Tyson is probably smarter you
know probably and so and so bob was just
like show me a picture of but flat
earthers think that NASA is is putting
this all on right and so he's like I
need to see a picture of the Earth from
space not from NASA to be proven and so
everyone was like sending him pictures
from like the Russians
face agency the Chinese Space Agency
like here's a picture I took out the
window of an airplane that shows the
curvature here's a picture of the moon
that shows the curvature of the Earth's
shadow and he's like nah man because
it's lies rich it's all lies perpetrated
by the government for some reason why is
that wise why is everyone pretending
that the earth isn't flat I don't know I
love it it's great did you feel bad for
Humanity sometimes sometimes yes why do
people believe things why do people
believe what then some someone he
trusted at some age told him this thing
right who tells anybody that it's it's
got to be tough that kind of idiocy has
got tight time I thought Flat Earth was
was dead like many many centuries past
it's back in a real way it's back baby
it's back new wood improved so some some
idiot who Bob trusted taught him that
and some idiot taught him that and now
it's backed up with pseudoscience I'm
assuming they have all these factoids
about the the real earth and how flat it
is yep and why it's flatter yeah that's
the one thing I don't understand is like
why I don't understand the conspiracy
like what are people trying to hide from
us like if it's a flatter fade it's a
flatter
what are they cousin as I understand it
yeah I think they're trying to hide God
because that would keep like scientists
from getting grants or something I don't
they're trying to hide God and God fat
or Flat Earth proves God because the
Bible said the earth is flat is that
true I think so oh if not the Bible as
it is today at least some old book of
the Bible the share have been tossed out
of Canada I don't know for sure I love
it I love it it's great but ancient man
believed God made earth flat flat and
this
guy that separated the heavens from the
earth was actually a dome right this
water about this which is how the water
got separated from the firmament was a
dome the sky is a dome there's a stack
of water of course that's why the sky is
blue I know I'm serious know this this
is the old view no the flood God
originally flooded the world of Noah by
opening that dome let the water in
yes this is what people think this is
what I don't know if they currently
think this if eclis what they used to
thinking which is a dome what's the
domain out of God force it's great great
millennium
hello lynnium nice I'm giving up on that
one right now I'm gonna go over here
seems to be a fishing Kevin fun fact
nobody believed this world up too many
years before 0id the Greeks knew the
earth was right I know the Greeks knew
but I'm sure there were the world wasn't
as well connected back then the Greeks
might have known the world was flat I'm
sure there were some ignorant European
people that probably thought it was
round other than the Greeks and whoever
else sure
oh yeah I'm sure knowledge varied from
place to place
lotta idiots out there know like well
that's the thing that like shocks me the
most about this whole flat earth thing
is like figuring out that the earth was
round I said I said ignorant Europeans
like my brain not working yeah threesome
didn't be a part of Europe so you
ignorant people at some other part of
the world other than Greece probably
didn't know that right the thing the
thing that I love is like sailors
figured out really quickly that the
earth was round yeah because you know
just part of the ship would disappear it
wouldn't just gets
and go away but part of it would
disappear triangle a triangle hey what
does one have to do with a triangle
yeah oh I have no idea how I solved that
puzzle which what do you think of the
hollow a hello earth theory from New Age
morons
I know honestly I know nothing about it
the Hollow Earth theory yeah like the
earth is hollow inside I'm not sure
assuming sure I don't know why they
would think what that gets them that's
see that's the real that's the question
for that's always been the question for
me he's like motive what's the motive
here I think I solved a puzzle but I
don't quite get it can't take a picture
of this I feel like this is gonna be
important later this didn't do anything
but I feel like it's gonna be important
later you know okay I know I know Flat
Earth is currently a thing yeah and then
we heard of expanding earth expanding
earth expanding earth I believe I think
I've talked about this before but
fucking Neil Adams I believe was
famously a proponent of the expanding
earth I don't know who Neil comic books
70s comic book legend okay drew Batman
Green Lantern okay had them look
relatively realistic for the time period
okay big famous famous kind of forest
and you've almost certainly seen his
work okay which says the earth is
expanding that's why the continents fit
together at the ball the earth isn't
it's not tectonic plates that's the
earth literally getting larger where the
Oh things are like mass is just coming
from nowhere sure the whole thing is
slowly getting fatter sure okay and I
think Neil Adams like at some point and
a few years ago when I did like a
computer simulation of how the earth
expanded and the continents came apart
interesting Pangaea was just the earth
without any oceans apparently the water
came with the expansion well how do you
perhaps and perhaps is a byproduct of
the actual expansion great but you know
like I could see like uneducated people
thinking that you know you see you see a
picture of pain
yeah and then you see modern-day yeah
okay okay doo doo doo doo
exactly exactly expanding Earth theory
looks super part like you could look at
two pictures and be like oh did the
earth expand but then you know physics
but then you know a modern understanding
of basic science which do I know if time
cube theory I've heard of it once but I
don't know any of the details you
couldn't say any more about it yeah yeah
okay that's fine I love it I am so into
these crazy theories it's one of those
things that's really weird
it could hypothetically be true but you
couldn't disprove it sure I think it's
something like that I heard it mentioned
when I was looking into this whole Flat
Earth thing that's been going on oh I
get it it's locked down there this is
the no I don't know okay
I've missed some here because I'm just
terrible at my job
anonymous said does this game just blow
or am I just really slow out of space
there's six Logan as opposed to just
slow space can can you put it on the
shelf so we won't see any more anymore
can what's more there's no space this
guy doesn't like putting a space before
the word can can you play some FTL
before we all decide to go yes this game
does blow
no this game does not blow it looks
pretty bad oh it's pretty bland that's
pretty boring it looks beautiful but
boring and I guess it all depends on how
you feel about puzzles anonymous says do
you care about the division No
anonymous says which have you ever heard
of the time cube theory we just talked
about and the real Veon says Neil Adams
did an interview on the skeptics guide
to the universe talking about the
expanding earth about seven or eight
years ago they weren't impressed oh he's
like oh I'll go on this and show them
and these are these are people who like
who know this shit yeah I'm stuck I'm
stuck unless I can figure out how to
open a door there are more people in
this stream then there are flat earthers
probably true a famous rap artist is now
advocating it that that might change
unfortunate labour I just like just like
what's her face in the anti-vaccine
McCarthy yeah Jenny McCarthy there's a
gate it's blocking me gate be blocking
me
I'll get to that gate fucking gate
Jenny McCarthy is a fuckwit yes that I'm
reading that because I agree with it
whatever a fuckwit is she is that she is
absolutely then it's alright guys I like
how Jax skipped a puzzle and doesn't
think he should go back I always keep
the puzzle yes they're saying well I
skipped the Sun puzzle life cuz I
thought I don't know okay I get maybe I
do have to do that one maybe that's the
maybe the gate is the game's way of
telling me that I do have to do that one
rich how do you think Marvel Studios
will handle the infinity story I don't
know but I think it will be entirely
completely nine hundred percent
different from the comic book which was
a fan o centric story this is gonna be
another heroes team-up stop something
story it's not gonna be focused on
Thanos as the main character hmm that's
my my one prediction that's possible
none of us knows instead of watching you
play this game I'm just listening to you
talk while I play faster than light is
this okay with you yes yes yes it's fine
I need to figure out the Sun puzzle
first now recruit form of recruit more
pimps for you as one now a donation but
I think he had a to download earlier I
just read the one dog if you're gonna if
you're gonna be issuing the rules well
you go ahead technically he donated
three all said and done he or she as
long as you are okay keeping track of
that I won't always just I happen to
notice at this time so they get lucky
okay this is just brought space cop no I
got a buy a blu-ray player any chance
the other rlm DVDs will be any chance
the other RL I'm DVDs will be released
on blu-ray
awesome rich I'm going to name your coke
and milk concoction a David Bowie look
it up
look up as far as the other things being
released on blu-ray all I can all I can
say has no current plans pneumonitis
says tapped into the god force so I can
return from the land of Halle numb to
preach the gospel of coke milk to the
unwashed masses prompt
name something fantastical you wish
could exist in reality the afterlife
look I'm not gonna lie there's something
inherently depressing about being an
atheist ya blippi and free turi
yeah it's kind of a shitty idea but what
can you do oh I see it now look what you
have to do here don't look in the
reflection that's neat
that isn't the way in which you have to
solve the puzzles is very neat beyond
that I think portals would be awesome
I'd love some portals I would love to
instantaneously be able to go where I
want to go and or bring things to where
I want to bring them don't like not like
some kind of machine that would make you
immortal you just go with portals well
let's probably get old quick use it a
few times instead of you know one or two
spots like near the grocery store like
getting food really convenient you
wouldn't go for like like the the
replicator or something like that be
cool too but portals is not just about
you know getting things it's us about
getting you places okay blow trichter
says I'm back from the bar
I tried picking people up by talking
about heat death but it didn't work
anyway
I just bought blood-borne so it's cool
what's your guy's impression of the
story
I have no impression of the story the
blood-borne ste yeah yeah it's a tough
well whatever is a fun game
yeah I guess I don't really I don't
really think much about the story X
comics twitch says a good atheist is
concerned with life if not death for one
the only thing that any atheist should
have in common is the fact that they
don't believe in a God I don't I don't
think this is an atheistic standard
there's no way that is this whole should
live by there's no code it's just a
disbelief but as far as being concerned
about living a life
sure but I'm greedy and I would like to
have more of it yeah I'm probably only
gonna get 55 years I can probably expect
that a heart attack by then possibly I
had an exercise oh yeah sure I could do
that you could but then you only get
what tops another maybe 20 or 30 25
years inside it with proper diet and
exercise you get a good 20 this decent
decent I want more and really with
modern science you could probably go for
another 40 maybe 50 large Belmont says I
do not fear death I had been dead for
billions of years before I was born and
had not suffered the slightest
inconvenience from it Mark Twain also
Katy Perry believes in ancient aliens
how that quote was from Mark Twain and
also Katy Perry believes in ancient
aliens that's fine you know you know
here's here's the thing here's the thing
about any of them is like they are free
to believe and say anything they want
mm-hmm absolutely anything if b.o.b
wants to affirm that the earth is flat
that is his right to do so just like it
is my right to make fun of him for it
Katy Perry wants to believe an ancient
alien she
right ahem the the problem is when this
kind of nonsense enters say the
political spectrum or the education
spectrum a rapper a musician they want
to spout all the crazy they want go you
go right ahead you make all sorts of
weird stuff cuz you entertain me people
expect that right what crazy thing they
gonna do now exactly they're nuts
nothing nuts don't you get it the cookie
but uh we need to be concerned once it
starts entering rainy jay says my
friends place was robbed the other day
no they took the ps4 but before they did
they ejected blood-borne and left it on
the counter
listen politely use maybe they already
had blood-borne if maybe there really
maybe they're just really dump thieves
look this wasn't mad I'm gonna head that
bad that's it are you sure you or your
roommates didn't eject it first because
that sounds like almost a mistake you
know like why why wouldn't they you
wouldn't eject you wouldn't eject the
game before stealing a ps4 just don't
plug it and take it
Jesus jesus crist
or Christ I guess it's you know why yeah
Jesus Christ says diet and exercise diet
and exercise prolongs the nice useful
years of life modern medicine extends
the creping in your pants stage you get
try to you try to get a mixture of both
I know these things
and I have definitely been trying to do
the exercise part that that's why I've
lost some weight winters not helping
yeah I know the diets when I got a
tackle next yeah I am I know myself well
enough to know that cold turkey probably
won't work I have to find some way to
ease myself into it because I I know I
eat nothing but crap and I know that
needs to change no better no better day
to start than today rich it's always a
good day to start
can I at least wait until the weather's
nice why cuz because if you do that then
there's always gonna be an excuse oh
well you know now the weather's nice and
I'm getting exercised so I can eat like
crap again no not you know like there's
always an excuse you know well there was
my sister's birthday I can't do it today
oh well you know next week so my
brother's birthday I always an excuse is
it too late to start am I already fucked
that was my health absolutely not
absolutely not all all scientific
research says that the moment you start
you start feeling better cuz my back is
already turned to shit exactly we know
this but you know what to start taking
some of that weight off your muscles
some of that weight off just tell me all
the things you already know I'm saying
it cause it's real rich rich become a
vegan probably never gonna happen
no don't be coming III understand that
I'm not gonna be able to give up my
vices completely yeah I'm gonna probably
end up on jacks crazy diet where he gets
to eat crap one day a week that's the
way to do it it's probably what I'm
gonna have to do it's the way to do it
man it's great because I can't give up
my vices either by the way
mmm so instead of giving them up you
control them instead of eating crap all
the time you say okay crap I'm gonna eat
you but I choose when I eat you one day
a week what am I missing here
rich needs to start by standing up every
hour in solidarity with Jack
uh-huh-huh-huh
it helps these are all the little things
that help you want to lose some weight
rich start smoking that's terrible
advice rich what are your vices cheese
she's glorious cheese how does it
commercially oh hey feta cheese
counseling you know one of those things
Jay Lori's cheese no I guess I had never
heard this one before
I'm not in the pocket a big cheese rich
cheese on I'm just some kind of fried
potato it's just it's just a light it's
just so delightful yeah yeah that's for
real
it's a horrible food is my advice or a
food that is horrible for me sure
because you're from Wisconsin I'm not
from Wisconsin I'm from Chicago go bears
fuck you Packers
I'm missing something important rich
what am I missing
what is your favorite cheese everyone's
gonna boo me but you're gonna get
merican but it's gotta be good quality
American not that Kraft shit you have to
find a nice deli that has some proper
American cheese then after that Munster
lunch there's a fantastic cheese cheese
glory I don't care much for cheddar you
know I guess I could see that kind of
played out yeah yeah Steve Darwin Kevin
Matthews I just caught a glimpse of that
they are they are they working together
on the same show now are they I feel
like are they like a pair of these days
oh by the - from the Chicagoland area of
two radio personalities been on the air
for multiple many multiple decades know
each of them unless they're just
bringing up the names and they're not
together just because I'd recognize them
because I'm from the Chicago area oh
that makes sense that could be it too
Oh
which what do you think of Portillo's
expanding Portillo's is overrated in the
first place yeah fuck yeah it is or if
someone on Twitter was asking about your
hat the hat you wore in the Helldivers
episode is that this hint no it has like
a it has like a red on it
let me read e first things first before
I answer that it's fantastic but I can't
keep up with it it's great Anonymous's
speaking of eating crap yeah where did
Jack water jacket kangaroo mate and just
so you know I need the $2,000 all in one
lump donation I ate a lot of weird stuff
when I went to Africa now for the soccer
thing the World Cup of the World Cup
things that many restaurants serving
weird food g1g Vitus all right says what
are your thoughts on the x-files reboot
I have no thoughts on I haven't even
seen it I don't care I'm sorry I don't
care about it I hope it's good
I enjoy our fans you know what I
remember enjoying the show but I did
watch the show as an adult recently and
it does not hold up well no I've seen
I've never watched it religiously but
I've seen the occasional x-files episode
that I thought was really good
there's no it was never a part of that
examine flatlines was some weird
you-know-what off filler episode I
usually thought they were good so this
so I think with this chick is here rich
is I need to read the rest of these
donations because got a fuck ton hour
Miller says my girlfriend thinks my
girlfriend thinks is the most
infuriating sound in the world
so I'm playing this really loudly please
say oh my god if your vocal cords can
handle it
oh my god that's great
the Zaius says rich do you think vision
will literally become Adam warlock and
the Marvel films the actor would work in
divisions background and the film's can
easily go in that direction who's Adam
warlock he's one of the Marvel character
from the infinity war okay
I know the whole Adam warlock thing is
just so strange to me I honestly have no
idea what the fuck they're going to do
it's a little bit weird to introduce the
vision and then so so quickly turn him
so quickly turn him into Adam warlock
and he wasn't ready I don't remember
what Adam warlocks origin was I don't
think he had anything to do with the
vision originally though they might just
they might just put the vision in Adam
warlocks spot his role in the infinity
war they might have that what was that a
Morlocks role in it was kind of
fantasies rival it was like the hero
basically of those stories manipulating
manipulating things so that good
wouldn't come out on top okay just the
sky you know PSA's spend this and
vegetables rich and make Jack teach you
how to cook them so they taste good fair
enough
anonymous is does the rlm crew have day
jobs are you guys just all full-time
superstars now where that question gets
asked surprisingly often you full-time
z-list celebrities which is why these
donations are important rich and Jay and
Mike are full-time z-list celebrities I
have a day job yeah my day job it's also
editing I was gonna say my day job is
making videos by I know like it's not
like you work in the meatpacking factory
no no my my day job is editing videos
mostly boring corporate videos comedy
videos web videos all sorts of stuff but
so I do I work regularly caesarian firt
says if you guys ever heard of a game
called planet base it's a slow placed
paced game about constructing and
maintaining a space car
I have not heard it sorry
Dec from some no - mage says would you
play a Unity game made by the champ
where some contraption like a wheel
tells you what food from grapes to eat
all done live on stream grapes are
healthy PS lol fuck my cock I don't know
I'm about the healthy eating livestream
game you think this is boring also you
just be watching this eat this is a
grape
yes you're just watching this eats
that's weird and eaten is great mmm okay
have now eating a grape I need to figure
out how to see the sun's reflection in
this and I can't this is my problem
right this is exactly my problem I have
a very strange problem no wait I might
have figured of that which what part of
Chicago are you from the deep south
suburbs deep south suburbs could it be
I didn't think watching you eat would be
more entertaining than watching you play
this game for for Alzheimer's patients I
miss part of that
oh the Red Hat with a TV thank you for
reminding me yeah
as you know oh you probably know if
you've been watching these streams for a
while I I have been a Red Hat with me
playing this once this one short gutter
star says it's my birthday happy
birthday got her stars happy birthday
got her stars okay right now I am a fan
of minor-league baseball this this hat
right here with the the WC logo on it
was from the Windy City Thunderbolts who
used to literally they played five
minutes from where I used to live with
that Karen in the Chicagoland area and
because it was so close and so cheap we
went to games all the time you get you
get like front-row seats for like seven
bucks five bucks and we came we came
real fans and we went to some like
nearby away games like Rockford uh-huh
and then we went to some away games that
were further out and whatever I went to
a different park I would buy one of
their hats and the Red Hat with an e is
from the Evansville at Evansville
yeah Evansville was from the Evansville
otters the Evansville and which is a
it's a city in southern Illinois and
their claim to fame is historic bossy
field which really is beautiful I think
it's other
other than Wrigley Field it is the
oldest ballpark in America okay maybe
maybe I don't know how old Boston is so
they sold an old one it's one of the two
or three oldest ballparks in America and
Bosse field made entirely out of wood
okay so relatively few seats but there's
fucking like wooden beams and supports
everywhere because it's not like this
9-iron or polymorphic material as
instructions a beautiful old field and
basically the the field is more famous
than the team like he get there say the
sign says welcome to buzzy field and
look small front home with the
Evansville honors because many different
teams have played there famously they
filmed part of a league of their own
there oh okay I you know what and I'm
glad you answered that question someone
tweeted that question at us I was just I
was just tweeting them back while I am
well i this puzzle right here he's just
kicking my ass
yes Rockford Illinois was home to the
real life peaches but I don't think I
had her old timey ballpark the family
from the movie where at the time I went
there Rockford was home to the Rockford
River Hawks what MLB parks have I been -
I've been - I've been to Wrigley I've
been to old Comiskey I've been to US
Cellular when they built that and I've
been to the Brewers Miller Miller Park
did you ever have you ever been to
County Stadium when I was back when I
was County Stadium
yeah Miller Park is a nice County
Stadium was interesting your corn
belters Hat from Normal Illinois you
know the the Corn Belt errs from Normal
Illinois hat I wear is in fact from
Normal Illinois yes I went to one of
their games to minor league parks I've
been to all the ones that were near
maybe Schaumburg flyers the Joliet
jackhammers later the Joliet Slammers
famously there's a prison in Joliet oh I
like I like the jackhammer logo and
color scheme better though
what can you do apparently what can you
do I've been to the Geary rail Katz Gary
Indiana
or was they had the Kalamazoo Kings have
been there the Normal Illinois Corn Belt
errs have been there been to the
southern Illinois minors Evansville
otters and the Gateway Grizzlies those
are all the minor league teams I've seen
a game ad okay
who okay
this puzzle was kicking my ass for way
too long I got so caught up I'm where to
see the reflection that I lost myself a
little bit what sorry everyone but I'm
back the real van says with space comp
released in the wild what's the next big
project for red letter media PS it's vey
on no sang viang earlier it's probably
why would I say V on way too early to
call what the next big project will be
unknown is the answer
t cars I'll for says got my copy of
space cop in the mail this week just
wanted to thank you guys for putting so
just wanted to thank you guys putting so
much work into making an awesome movie
keep up the great work
praise Breen I'm very excited that
people are finally seeing it you know
it's there's more there's more now you
can you can finally see it you can
finally order it again I want more
people to see it I'm really excited for
more people to see it it's such a fun
movie the Zaius is speaking of league of
their own can you list all the movies
with scenes featuring Tom Hanks taking a
leak and I can think of four off the top
of my head why aren't we enough it's not
something I keep track of when I watched
Tom Hanks movies sure I couldn't tell
you that's why not rich does he do it in
big look how big my penis is now I was
peeing and waving her eyes that a thing
that happens in that movie maybe maybe
not in like Apollo 13 does he like Betty
pees his own suit because that
had to do that right so he might be
might be peeing at some point on camera
while I was like talking to Houston for
all we know yeah there might be you
might be peeing in his pants
anonymous says steam tips were a mistake
speak for yourself
I'm sleeping in a bed denied real bed
real bed sheets and everything sleep in
a bed tonight if rich doesn't earn
enough we take away his bed
that's a little-known facts about red
letter media is we take away Rich's bed
if he does not earn enough rich did you
package up all those space cap DVDs know
taking your bed away are you excited for
season 6 of The Venture Brothers this
Sunday I didn't know it was this Sunday
but yeah I'm excited for more Venture
Brothers it's problem sure it's gonna be
another like 4 episode long season to
last season was is disappointing just
cuz it was like there's only like eight
episodes or something oh yeah yeah yeah
I'm almost more comfortable with stuff
shorter because that you know maybe that
means that they're putting more into it
well they they usually the Venture
Brothers have really good season finales
really good and last season you just
felt like it just ended midseason the
season finale was like well oh really
that was the last episode and that was a
real letdown I think the special they
said they well they ended up releasing
geez I'd say recently but I think was
probably a year ago now between the
seasons was what would have what should
have been this he's a failure and was
planned to but didn't get betas I don't
know but Wow
weird weird
takes less time to complete a law degree
than to wait for a new venture brother
season yes but that's the price of
quality would you rather it would it was
just sure rushed out and churned out
would that be better
they would have been burnt out eight
years ago and we'd be talking about how
horrible the last two seasons season six
adventure brothers will only be seven
eight oh eight episodes to at least I at
least they know it ahead of time
rich is there any kind of British TV
show you enjoy them I never said I hated
British TV shows you just don't see many
of them here British TV yeah yeah Monty
Python Flying Circus it's not like I've
seen a wealth of British TV shows most
of the British TV shows you see here are
American adaptations of British TV shows
like The Office but which I tried
watching the British office and I
couldn't get past the accent it's just
what oh really
yep oh man British office I I mean I
thought the British office was was much
better until like season three or four
of the American office that's when it
really kicked off but like did you ever
see spaced interesting the British
office though but by the time I figured
out what they were saying the time for
laughing at the joke it already got by
oh okay
Red Dwarf saw a few episodes he wasn't
loving it yeah I was a band Red Dwarf
I never got it I never got it like I
gave like the first three quarters of
the first season of the Doctor Who soft
reboot a chance and did that did not do
it for me either crazy it's crazy yeah
it didn't do for you cuz it was so
fucking good dumb I know you're not your
you're not a you're not a fantasy guy oh
you know that is time stand up time to
stand up everybody you know I'll give
you a little bit of solidarity time San
Diego stand up I'm doing it stretch your
legs doing a motherfucker that's right
being healthy alright it's important
it's important let me drink some more
this gigantic soda stretch you know I
tried watching a little bit of the IT
Crowd and it was it was pretty it was
pretty flat for me I didn't I didn't
much care for that the IT Crowd invades
street furniture finances it is for our
stream is automatically set to mature
audiences so if you are not logged into
twitch you uh it will wait shit should
warn you at least hopefully it warns you
Oh
there but where do you start
what's going on and why is this
interesting so remember these puzzles
you have to like see the reflections
right yeah so now I have different
lights to turn on to like give me
different reflections at different times
oh my god
I could be playing XCOM it could be
playing anything you know what I'm I've
been playing through XCOM because you
know what's coming yeah in like a week
you know what's coming yeah I know it's
coming and getting a big face full right
now yeah yeah like that first one face a
face full of X K X come to when as soon
as humanly possible my guess is the day
it's out we don't get we don't get
pre-release shit
the artist rendering of X comma
I know for sure I hear it's early
February it is okay this next week I
thought it was like midnight I was like
14 12 or something you sure I think it's
like the fifth or six okay I'm to the
fourth the fourth of fifth of six I'm
taking your word for it do it take it I
I haven't been gorging myself fund any
info that's come out I'm going to
experience the game for myself and I
don't need I didn't need to get myself
hyped up so I could spend all day
thinking about next time - every day for
like two months until it came out you
know what just sit back and it'll come
when it comes it'll be it'll be good
here yeah it'll get here what - the
fucking deed
oh my god
Anonymous's please for the love of God
or the Flying Spaghetti Monster change
games it's probably not gonna happen
her folks you've heard it here wanted to
play this game like I'm trying to pick
up the slack I'm giving it my all riches
the entertainment right now college try
yeah yeah rich is there any scenario
that you can think of that would ruin X
come for you like Mass Effect did um I
don't know probably not because I mean
mass affects whole thing was it's a
story and it's got a big inning in a
middle and an end and then with massive
age you got the beginning in the middle
and then the end like it literally then
that literally it figure differently
pissed in your mouth is what Mass Effect
did and I can't see
XCOM doing that because the I don't I
don't think the turn-based combat can
can shit in my mouth I said way the
Massa factories story did yeah the story
might not be the most important thing
about about XCOM rich check out rebel
galaxy it's super fun also what kind of
super dumb too so I don't know did you
see when I seen that I Sarah I see the
solution I'm ready yeah to make sure
Jack if the real that was Lloyd beats
that said that by the way shut up level
galaxy it's super fun okay
the real they on says Jack if you like
this game you should really check out
grow home similar art style but it has
platforming instead of puzzling and the
E is pronounced a because it's not
English alright fair enough
but as somebody who grew up only
speaking English you can see how I would
see that and think it was V on and I
apologize I will endeavor to remember
that it's vey on from here on out
they hate me though I got the name wrong
yeah yeah no as that as they should has
a bun 100% confirm like story-wise XCOM
- is it is it like failed
XCOM one like proceeding from a XCOM 1
fail state the story or is it more along
the lines of you want an ex-con 1 but
then the aliens more of them came back
how are they how are they how are they
going with it story wise it's confirmed
it's failed
XCOM 1 alright cuz i don't want to lose
my current playthrough before right
before I step into ex-con - I don't want
to do that that'd be stupid
but I care about the Canon Jack do you I
care about the Canon somewhat you know
I'm I'm weird an obsessive-compulsive
you know I am the I'm mister don't skip
cutscenes even if I've seen them three
dozen times I care about the narrative
they give me goddammit
even next sorry I have to fill my
classic Iron Man run now
is that what I have to do I have to get
my close to the end nice all get close
to the end of it I'm suddenly just stop
failing missions left and right just so
you're just Simon just so I'm in in sync
with the Canon anonymous says please
don't change game this game is
definitely not boring I know I see I
know reverse psychology when I see it
III I'm enjoying it and I'm sorry that
I'm sorry if you don't but sometimes
that's how it works sometimes you like
the game sometimes you don't sometimes
we have a a game centric stream where
you know we play a game and don't talk
too much
this is one where the game is more the
background noise well while rich is
chatting have you I'm disappointed
they're not doing a terror from the deep
storyline now I am I'm relieved
I wouldn't want an ex-con sequel that
takes place like 70% on the ocean floor
the fun stuff is being in city streets
shouldn't aliens and buildings is fun
shooting up aliens surrounded by coral
and and Torah is not that's a real thing
XCOM the original classic X come had an
expansion pack called terror from the
deep which was I never actually played
it honestly but I know a lot of the
missions are just under the ocean sea
floor
I mean I am I am a relative XCOM
newcomer here's how I discover next time
I did not play ex-con back in the day
when it came out oh yeah yeah I didn't
really discover XCOM until there was
talk of like somewhere around 20 2010
2011 that was talking about her a reboot
a 3d reboot that took place in the 50s
the game that I eventually became XCOM
the bureau even though that was entirely
different from the original design and a
lot of people were pissed off because
they were turning X comedy like a
first-person shooter and I felt for
these people whose classic game was
being bastardized and it it made me look
into what the actual classic ex-con was
and I'm like oh this looks really neat
that's how I discovered ex-con I
discovered ex-con I discovered XCOM
specifically because of the shitty
reboot I think they gotta be fuckin
something that was pretty great up what
were they fuckin up oh hey yeah why are
they fucking that up this is great
that's really funny
anonymous says why do I waste my money
on this Wow oh yeah obligated to I hope
maybe that was the joke as he was
wasting yeah just don't let the door hit
you on the way out right
the Zaius says I'd like to give you the
gift of earthbound is there a way I can
gift you Wii U games or should I just
pay via tip Jack I don't know if there's
a way to give to EU games but yes if you
pay via tip and you know in your tips a
this is specifically for earthbound we
will we will by earthbound okay
beautiful sludge boy says I'm you're
watching T and G cuz I haven't seen them
in a while not sure why you think there
aren't any good episodes in season 1
it's pretty even spread between bad and
good it's just that the bad is really
bad alright one of the good sides from
season 1 the really good ones that when
you would list your top favorite
episodes T and G what makes it list for
season 1 it's it's all garbage 2
slightly below average is maybe the best
that season 1 gets
where silence has oh and cutter at
Farpoint q was great but that episode is
terrible that episode is not terrible it
episode is average that episode is like
that's right that's the fetchers
slightly below average I would that's
where silence has lease is that the one
where they find the monster that wants
to kill like half through on the
enterprise is that that one I don't
remember episode names not that
particular favorite of mine
the big goodbye I think that was season
two the battle which one is the battle
is that the first Ferengi episode which
is terrible
Farscape was similar a very rough first
half of season one then it got better
until season four I will agree that
Farscape season one the first half was
rough but I think the first half
Farscape season one had better highs
than TNG; season one some of my some of
my favorite episodes of Farscape are
early in season one the bounty hunter
episode I think is good the flex that's
a decent episode reflects some kind of
space net then then traps air and and
and John Crichton and their little
shuttlepod I can't move anywhere start
the flex flex conspiracy is a great app
I see I hate that episode - all these
episodes your your listing as good
season 1 TNG episodes I don't really
care for that much
keep rich talking Farscape you can see
it hurting jack not trying to sway you
I'm just talking about what I like don't
worry I'm not ruining I'm not wrecking
riches like a season 1 first guys got
some ups and downs then Scorpius shows
up whoo
chef just keeps getting better and
better for a while season Ford started
to feel a bit old
as Farscape the game you both infamously
argued about on stream it's the TV show
we both infamously argued about on
stream yeah cuz I didn't much care for
the first couple of episodes which
thought I was a crazy person that's fine

[Part III]
I need to Jesus Janee Kokkola says I
just ordered my space cop blu-ray I'm so
excited
yes you should be rich Jack and everyone
are Earlham thank you for everything you
guys do PS rich are you caring going to
have a Star Trek themed wedding
probably not my wedding plans are to do
whatever the hell she wants to do I'm
not picky I want to be able to say we're
married the specifics of it the wedding
or no it's big a concern of mine
smart man I don't think most men dream
about their wedding day little boys
though stereotypically it's a girl thing
hmm there were there were some specifics
that I knew that I knew I needed you
know but yeah it wasn't like a oh
nothing I said you a hit huh hold on
I'll be right back need some water you
go do that
mm are you ready
holy shit it's the same exact puzzle
with the same solution gimmick for like
45 minutes now I not paying attention a
long time ago
very quickly saw what the game was gonna
be and I'm like is that oh it's all your
doing
yep whole game it's like dull portal
without GLaDOS and fun and sorry rich
turn off the game I think you know we're
just too deep for that at this point
we're already we're already waist-deep
am I not am I not entertaining isn't
that it's not me alone entertaining
enough I know I'm not not alright yeah
definitely not I said that out loud and
I realize how ridiculous that sounded so
yeah try a tribe I can tell you I'm done
playing any game on this tablet that I
want to though I can tell you I'm
playing or not playing XCOM right now
now I'm playing I'm playing FTL fucking
FTL on your tablet while I'm playing
this I totally could play FTL on this
tablet yeah I said installed no you sure
it's not I know it's not insult I have I
think I have the de GOG version so I
don't need to steam on here to install
that no let's see do not do not install
it you know gog i know yo your wine will
you do it why so they can watch this
game well they know I'm playing FTL you
it's time you have to talk to them I am
too I can talk to the camera now while
I'm playing I feel I'll just stop
playing let's just stop talking I'll
just start playing FTL and they can
still watch me playing FTL they just
won't be able to see it how do I open up
a new tab on this fucker
I'm gonna go to gog.com do that
rich you're evil genius yes yes I am an
evil genius
oh that's Chanti that's point that's not
it's not open on a browser of course of
course not there we go there we go
here's browser right gog.com why don't I
get to typing gee wait would you put it
go away anything well wait
there we go Jean I see it one letter and
the keyboard disappears uh-huh why does
the keyboard disappear after I hit one
fucking water
I don't know it did that for me too oh
this is so stupid
yeah that is so stupid my livery I think
the reason why I found this because it
might be broken
I found this unused and I think it's
because it might be broken I just need
to get that the GOG got the GN all right
now search google search to ug ug calm
loading up the page Oh the page yeah
this would be absolutely evil evil is
gonna be logging in with this
disappearing keyboard wait I'm being and
being stupid like usual though cuz I can
flip this thing up that got keyboard not
I can type in you Vince I've been
driving a lot I've only like that like
sure
and I don't remember how long an
information because at my home computer
this stuff is all just saved no we're
gonna remember what it is
uh-huh I feel for you no I don't I
wonder how much everyone hates me if you
actually start playing I think a lot of
people all ages yeah you think I'll lose
goodwill oh yeah but it's funny I don't
totally funny I don't think people care
or whether or not it's funny I think go
to my ear go to my account there we go
there we go where we have our way out
he's alphabetical or these by order of
purchase right you might actually be
trying to download FTL here there we go
FTL advanced edition why we're not oh
that's great you got it you haven't you
have a chance to watch every ten minutes
too much download oh you have a chance
to watch it's your job to watch chat oh
yeah I can thank the both thank the boss
that's fine I'm DeBolt no it's okay I
mean they get to enjoy watching although
the witness the chat can control what
game we play but if you want to change
game I enjoy this idea much more do you
enjoy the idea of torturing yeah because
I am a prick I am a horrible prick with
a twisted and evil sense of humor uh-huh
I can agree on this why is this called
witness cuz you get the witness be
playing FTL that's why it's called
witness
Anonymous is rich don't turn off the
game play music to soothe the game but I
know the Advent arch-vile says just got
my mom and dad hooked on best the worse
riches break down during the double down
episode had them in tears from laughing
nice job guys thank you thank you very
much now I'm gonna get back to
downloading FTL 32 seconds rich you
horrible prick I know I know
that's happening here
Oh
I know and he's just said right now
don't worry I know
that was little sound the computer makes
to make sure that you want to down to
run an application downloaded yes I've
read and accept the EU la alright the
right now er the right now er uh-huh
this is just doing my part and keeping
you queefs online space god was great
but the extras of rich destroying
everything should be the real draw love
you guys
xoxoxo oh my god I haven't did the wrong
it's in an xoxox I throw an extra hug in
there because I'm just greedy for hugs
even the rich likes hugs
he's like soft I do he's like Olaf would
beat says rich
have you seen chaos on the bridge it's a
documentary about the first few to
submit you us face pose
it's a multi-tool it's multi us thank
you years of TNG the issues between
Roddenberry and the rest of the writers
etc it's great on Netflix I have seen it
and it's interesting but it's weird how
Gene Roddenberry just kind of falls out
of the documentary halfway through I'm
sure he probably wasn't having great
health issues at the time it's like they
don't say much about that just like the
first half of that documentary is all
Gene Roddenberry and the conflicts and
going back and should he be back then
they just stopped talking about Gene
Roddenberry and they start talking about
all the other writers yeah think you can
just falls out of the documentary until
the end where he's dead no oh he got
sick he went away show not really good
he's dead we're not saying they're
related not saying that it was really in
charge that first season that first
horrible horrible cease
no one is infallible horrible horrible
season storming installer
that's what missing something
well there you go
yeah
dammit Gene Roddenberry had a stroke in
89 right a season 3 started airing yes
but he wasn't in good health before that
either it doesn't sound like he was an
especially great health when they were
making season 1 either rich being a shit
host you know what you know what I had
to say about that what what do you have
to say I'll tell you now playing huh did
you lose it
say in a second here when I have shaved
my behalf say what that this is just not
work
I'm just not working what I'm very happy
that that's what I have to say about
that
you know I'm using myself at the end of
the day that's really what's important
isn't that really what's important there
that Richie loses himself
you know you're right that's that's
what's of course let's do this about
pausing tell anybody I this that buzzing
okay I'm gonna name a character huh huh
you're gonna make me carry this is this
is weird with a touchscreen yeah yeah
crude all right what am I gonna name
this character I don't rich anybody ever
heavens this other character Richard
their third character okay yeah yeah
tough choice what's a girl son going
with Regina Regina
okay accept
jump oh oh I hate you touch great after
there's like two mouse buttons done they
see yeah that's weird yeah they kind of
suck that's a how are you fucker
okay all the trouble the world hit that
was kinda yeah kinda I do kind of hope
that you have all the trouble in the
world hitting all the buttons just name
him asshole yeah yeah I think they're
trying to tell you something right I
understand
think they're trying to tell you being
an asshole oh so weird touchscreen and
not pause alright I got hit once yeah
check out his weapons I wish I wish I
cared about you getting hit we're not
getting hit well hold on in the middle
of a no pause run I'll check that out in
a second okay I think rich has his
priorities straight straight now those
priorities right away leftover beefcake
says I'm giving this tip to Jack because
rich doesn't love us anymore we love you
jack finally oh yeah
hey rich this is madness absolute and
utter utter absolute madness I am going
to escort them up to their destination
good no I was hoping I was hoping that
you'd do that I was really I'm I was
worried that you weren't gonna escort
them Jack what what route do you think I
should take should I go down here and
then up or should I hit that that's
section up there to the top first I am
playing anything what I'm playing games
called the witness there's some stores
down south but I don't have much scrap
yet I think I'll try heading north maybe
I'll hit the store before the witness is
the game that we are gonna play I was
gonna be exciting and I'm gonna flare up
here solar flares fire or some you know
this is a fun game to play pop them a
lot puzzles nice visuals good atmosphere
one of those types of situations there's
a tip where like you have to wait for
the battery battles done was another one
day I read 100 that's right yeah okay I
don't there was one that was only a
$2.00 a $1 tip no we don't read those oh
yeah ask me minimum $2 so you can sit
here watching me play FTL while you
actually see Jack playing witness fucked
up is that man you know it's not a fair
world I guess I mean it I'm sorry
everybody I'm sorry that rich is such a
deal whore
let me jump out of this flare before I
before I read that here that was just
about it's just about to go off I got
out I got out we're all right
everything's fine
there we go all right
can you set up a mirror so we can
right one dollar - thank you though we
have something up so you just can't
donate when it's under - we tried that
it did work right well they like they
can still donate but I don't want to
even to say what the fuck and he has to
be clearer that two dollars is the
minimum though if we do that
oh wise it's not fair sure sure all
right I need to stop this
the joke is going on joke is going on
Wow you have that going for a while I
know I know I really was playing god
damnit but I'm not gonna torture
everybody for ever thinking you'd let
that go out for a while too cruel you
know what I have some some moral
grounding I mean I'm surprised shocked
and surprised rich have you seen
terminator genisys yet oh why would I
that's that's that's the correct answer
Green killer 11 Green killer the one one
there else rabbit says God bless you
rich Evans Josh the wizard - Evan names
it does Josh does Josh have a twitch
does he ever joined in the stream chat I
don't believe so
okay I don't believe so if that is you
Josh I hope can't striker says rich I
love XCOM like you but I won't be able
to play Escom - because I'll be at
school and Las Vegas for the next five
months would you name a rookie after me
when you stream if I remember - yes I
will
Hellcat striker there you go that's a
terrible to be in Vegas for five months
oh my god
well maybe it's for work or schools
they're gonna learn things yeah sit
there in a classroom for a couple hours
gamble all fucking night
pick up some hookers cuz you can do you
can do that there you can pick up some
hookers not in Vegas no you can't pick
them up you gotta go to their room
cathouse yeah but that's not a very luxe
you they have to bust you it's it's
prostitution I'm about to talk about
this as if I have this kind of knowledge
I've been to Vegas many times but
prostitution it's something you can you
can have knowledge of without
participating sure because it's really
interesting fact of Nevada so it's legal
in Nevada but not within the city limits
of Las Vegas weird yes very weird and so
when you're on the strip people be
handing out prostitute cards it's this
whole thing and they have this whole
thing and they slap the cards oh hey
hand them out it's all like migrant
workers just handing out prostitute
cards right that's the job and then you
know if if there's a lady that you like
you not only pay for the lady but you
pay for a bus ride out there you pay it
like it's got package deal oh yeah we'll
drive you out drinks and blah blah
ladies and all can you just drive out
there in your own no cuz I'm sure like
it's some sort of deal yeah no no okay
yeah it's a whole thing
Telecom says rich you cigar-chomping
honey go what yes my son call me a cigar
shopping coming oh okay
all right I've never been to Vegas
you've never been to Vegas I know if I
went I'd be broke
what
Oh Vegas is fun Vegas is fun and there's
a lot to do that's not gambling but
there's not a lot to do that's not free
so yeah yeah you might you might you
just be a little broke leftover beefcake
says I was going to donate two thousand
dollars to hear that awesome Tom Wilson
voice but you know what forget it I
screwed myself over with that FTL's
absolutely completely screwed myself
over don't you ever get bored of
dragging these lines around yes I am
officially bored of dragging these lines
around oh my god I'm just really I just
want to get through this Sun Temple and
then I'm done it's it's uh it's very I
get it I get it I totally get it
but yeah I'm done I'm done with it
Apple Chris says I can't believe he
worked on this game for like 12 years
and this is it oh is that the thing is
that the thing um you know it's
interesting it's very vision it's very
visually impressive but yeah it's just
puzzle lines man it is just puzzle lines
and and I am like I'm done I'm very down
the Zaius says the tip is for earthbound
on the Wii U enjoy hopefully note you
can gift Wii U games by purchasing them
at nintendo.com and sharing the download
code oh okay well that is good to know
oh we got out of the Sun Temple okay I
have defeated the Sun Temple oh thank
God we can stop playing oh my god oh
we're gonna wait for the laser to fire
okay well you know that's the reward
they seeing the laser fire here comes
here comes its calibrating see that's
our leather laser there we go fleas are
fired Wow
I'm sure I'm quite sure the puzzles get
a lot harder that in no way will make
this better
what is your opinion you played this
firm what do you have to say about your
mini review so three hours in mm-hmm
here's my mini review I get it it's it
looks like they took like the something
that would've been an occasional mini
game yeah I'm a different game and they
just made an entire fucking game out of
it I think that's really accurate
and I feel I feel no need to play any
more of it mm-hmm and I'm sure like the
next area they're gonna have their own
shtick you know like this is this one so
this one was all about reflections like
the Sun reflection you know the puzzle
so you have to figure out how to see the
Sun reflect for like an hour and a half
right doing the same thing yeah and it
just it gets old really fast it would be
great if I if the other areas were open
and you know like oh I'm tired of the
Sun temple right now imma brains a
little fried oh I'll go to this other
area and do some of these but seems like
you have to do one at a time a run
button would also be great shift
well the keyboard will shift hold down
the second it wasn't a very fast runners
like slightly quicker maybe it's cuz I'm
in the sand I thought you're gonna
accidentally hit quit oh no I thought I
saw something that I wanted to check out
how do I get down there again oh yeah
over again in opening up the elevator it
looked like another area opened up you
just don't get it jack that's true it's
I just don't get the art and it's pretty
it's fine what's you know what's really
important this is something when I talk
to clients about like what kind of video
they need or or you know like what kind
of you know products I can help give
them is like understanding what it is
that you're making and like who's gonna
who's going to consume it and and what
medium where it's like I've talked to
clients and they wanted you know like a
snappy little video and blah blah do
this and I was like no actually you know
you don't want a video what we should do
is make a gif like the thing you want is
a gif and we can you know we'll shoot it
in video we'll edit it and we'll do
all that and then I will give you a gif
an animated gif you don't want a video
you don't want anyone to have to play it
and they're like oh sure and you know
that's what I end up delivering because
they why would they want this and said
huh what's the reasoning of the gif oh
well like Ferg's a client was looking
for something that they could easily
share yeah on social media yeah I talked
with you about this form of the chat
hasn't heard this oh sure sure so like
what they wanted is something that they
could easily share like on Twitter right
and a video might not give them that
share ability but a gif like someone
Scrolls past that on Twitter they're
gonna see that move don't chat let's not
getting to this gif gif thing again
I prefer gif but the guy who invented
the fuck of things calls them a jiff so
we're just fucked no yes he gets naming
rights no no graphics interchange format
I I agree completely
this is locked I agree completely
so his naming rights are bullshit and I
have to go back up now
so in any case here here's a game like
you said these puzzles could have been a
really interesting part of a different
game mm-hm
these puzzles could have been an app and
you figure out how to do the puzzle on
your iPhone while sitting on the toilet
and you know what probably would have
been a very popular app and he decided
to give them to us in this format in a
beautifully rendered 3d world that is so
far entirely unnecessary
oh so that's that is my micro that's my
review three hours in to the witness and
I'm so done I'm just done
there is going to be an iOS release
thank you twitch plays Pokemon I believe
it this is and this is an app maybe you
have to like tilt to your iPhone to get
the reflection just right I didn't I
didn't look at the price when we bought
this was this really 40 bucks this was
40 bucks I didn't I wanted to play this
so bad I didn't even look I just assumed
I would I suggested this this is 40
bucks
hold on hold on I'm confirming are we to
my first steam room from quit the game
immediately know I'm whipped the game
immediately immediately we are not
getting a steam refund for 40 bucks
we're getting a steam refund why we're
not getting a scenery friend that would
be disingenuous for hours we we played
for hours we put on the steam refund we
no no we played it for them champ Chet
what is I'm not getting a refund no no
no we played it for them they hated it
they hated him well that's not our
that's not that's not they absolutely
hated it what's the time limit on a
steam refund not getting a steam refund
what is this chat Chad I need your help
hold on what is what is the time limit I
just seem refund it's two hours oh god
damn it oh well I'm looking up for the
price of this cuz now I'm really really
curious what is this called again
witness this is 40 bucks holy shmow holy
shit it was really popular because of
braids right Jonathan Blow the creative
brain and this at this point is just a
scam getting really hot this game oh oh
it's not very good I better cash in
while I can 40 bucks is that what that
is I mean it's quite possible that an
hour from now in the game something in
May
happens maybe there's someone we don't
know we can't well I'm not assuming that
I'm jammed you're saying it's quite
possible not assuming that yeah the the
developer of this game is Jonathan Blow
most famously known for making braids
mmm the time manipulation platforming
puzzler game about 20 hours a GN claims
in their review that there's 40 hours in
this game so how many how many how many
copies did they they sell it at Gaetano
mo guantánamo one-time obey how many
copies do they sell there I have an idea
we'll make the prisoners play the
witness will tell them they can get out
if they 100% it can't do waterboarding
anymore huh how about that witness game
how many copies in a can we afford in
the budget - ah fuck how much is it 40
bucks
what is he crazy that's a scam or
something isn't it
hello it's good touch it ought to be two
hundred and fifty copies of the witness
sir wait we only have one computer yo he
needs to buy one copy of the ham 200
that might have that might have been the
dullest and keep in mind everybody lasts
we
we played a different iPhone game that
had us tapping buttons training a boxer
that was better that was better than the
couple hours we got of this Wow
Jebus H crisp well I'm so sorry chat but
Jonathan Blow was his name Jonathan Blow
Jonathan getting a blow job but there's
$40 shit King Haida for the prostitute
now one prostitute please I uh I have a
very particular fetish $40 prostitutes
every game is a new plus my scam is
coming along wonderfully
they are like my last games now they
shall we got 40 hours for creep 40 got
that one $40 is too much
that was unless of course it it it could
something could happen
don't you think do you think something
could happen
no what happened by now please write a
negative Steam review yes yes we will
well you'll have to rich because you
bought it right yeah yeah rich me right
how did you play it you write it out oh
sure honey I'll post it it's fine rich
is gonna give this one a negative I
can't that was a waste here here's why I
can that was a waste of my time
hopefully rich was entertaining during
that but here's the real thing rich we
just did a public service all these
lovely people in the chat watch this and
go oh my god that's a boring game and
they don't buy it maybe we took a bullet
for you chat you're welcome it looks
nice
now a couple trees yeah that's colorful
lines now play this iPhone AB
in between looking at kind of things
literally you could go in the real world
and look at colorful things and then you
know connect the dots oh look at trip
connected to a squirrel
that's an old possum you know the
problems game is designed for
Millennials because that's what they
know
right they know look around look around
occasionally and then go back to your
screen with the simple I mean I'm trying
I'm trying to justify it where it's like
I guess if you're like I guess if you're
like it would make sense as an app
because you know you pull this up on
your phone lines need five minutes while
I'm thinking all these steam donations
we've barely broken even
Nikolas is hey guys this goes towards
the get $40 back and at least break even
fun what king of idiots says I thought
it'd be different types of puzzles at
least so did I yeah why did this need to
be 3d at all it didn't it didn't this is
it's a it's a at most five dollar phone
game absolutely that's this is what this
is my whole analogy with the with the
understand what it is you're trying to
make in the platform in which you
deliver it you know this was an iPhone
game I guess it needed so like it in his
in Jonathan blows head I thought maged I
thought oh yeah sir I thought mage says
watch the ending to this game please oh
god please gunshot fade to black
hahahaha take this magical device that
says words
you're gonna I'm gonna play the game
alright keep one here's so here's the
real thing is like the later puzzles you
know you needed they like the
reflections that's why you needed to the
sunlight glinting oh this makes perfect
sense huge spoilers the witness secret
area and include spoilers this is what
we're supposed to watch I have no idea
okay mister glitch says it's worth five
bucks just to laugh at you two things
and Tabari HK says here's two dollars
because you can never have your time so
wait this is the ending yeah can they
see this no we know that might we're
playing someone else's YouTube okay the
sound listener yeah oh my god there's no
filler each of those puzzles brings its
own new idea to the mix so this is a
game full of ideas right it's you know
it's fine the remote it's fine it's fine
it's fine
oh geez she's crazy
oh my let's wait to run it's gonna blow
her eardrums out of her so so rich went
to YouTube and what did you type in the
witness ending the witness ending and
we're watching the one called the
Whitney pause it
we're watching the one called the
witness secret area plus ending question
mark brackets huge spoilers it starts
with brackets HD by fuck box fuck box
that's the one we are watching and good
people good people let's give people a
minute to cue it up yeah bad gamer
Korean says I'm watching the same video
okay so where I'll tell you when I had
to start okay ready no donating during
the video oh my god oh my god hold on
it's alright guy says doing my bit to
give you a refund for this shitty game
thank you guys gals those in between we
really appreciate it
this was really I hope it gets better
like I can I just can't see let's see
what happens I'm gonna hit play in three
I'm gon go okay okay
three two one go okay here we go this is
secret area it's very beautiful
oh yeah that's a clever puzzle
really kind of neat there was a club
there was a clever puzzle there
absolutely okay oh that's my stand-up
alarm will stand up after this everybody
we're gonna stand up after this I stand
up alarm just went off you should be
doing this on sink tube I don't know a
sink tube is I'm sorry yeah you guys are
Arthas are on the same part they're like
an a mineshaft in a in a hotel lobby
it's a room with a big window or balcony
maybe in room he's in a big hotel he was
in missed the whole time that's it's
this this is secretly the prequel to
missed is what we're gonna find
AFRICOM 3000 yes we hate the cool puzzle
game nothing ever changed it was the
same types of puzzles over and over and
over and over and over and over and over
again it got really boring
come on man shit to give it and so we're
watching we're watching the secret
ending of this game because I'm sure
this is oh my god what
lots of walking it's about to get lots
lots of walking the art is happening
he's walking into the void
something is happening noises we're in
the darkness and now we're not
oh no reality
what
we're Jonathan Blow no it was a dream
fuck you this can't no this has got to
be a joke right
like someone made this video as a way of
making fun of the game doesn't look like
it
Oh for fuck's sake and he's sick that's
like a bottle of pee it's like a
catheter next to his bed
what's the pretension level what's the
pretension level okay it's just rain
thousand just raised up
did he take out his catheter what what
the actual fuck if he walks outside and
there anything there's no one like he
and he finds like abandoned cars or some
things then fuck him
what is
I didn't know guys I didn't know who's
gonna be like this I'm so sorry I a
puzzle game his last game was it was a
cute game what
what now fall into the Christmas tree
and stumble around in the area swash
screen one said that rich Evans flare
while screaming fuck my balls what that
would be great that would make up for
this whole thing a pine needles in my
eye oh no a reindeer or nobody's is not
what she is oh the video the end cut
scene is a real-life first-person
perspective sick man walking around it
looks like an office after getting out
of a bed that was in an office and any
he's I think he's trying to do the
puzzles in the game so like the game was
a hallucination
he's now eating a cracker this is the
real ending of the game it's a
live-action video of a camera strapped
to a guy's head and he's about to eat a
cracker this is art and we don't
understand it he is now eating a cracker
he is eating a cracker and that we her
I'm sure know I cannot hear him chewing
oh we put the cracker down okay the
crackers down put the cracker barely up
to his face walked around from it and
then put the cracker down on the counter
wait wait he has a spoon he is now he is
now banging a spoon against random
objects in his dirty kitchen the this
this is a real thing that is happening
at the end of a video game
put your head in the oven it's the first
person put your head in the oven can we
do that go to the oven he's walking
towards the up no no he's not gonna like
he's gonna go outside something's gonna
happen gonna have a big door there he's
got to go outside yep
you lock it lock the door now I'm told
it not walking and relocking I'm sure
that means something because really the
real puzzles aren't fuck this looks like
a very nice place to live or work the
house he bought off the profits from
braid sure and now he's getting even
more profit so it was $40 game which
people are gonna buy because they like
braids that's that was my whole thing is
I remember braids I remember my mom
that's why the game is $40 I know look I
will not try to get a refund we streamed
it we're earning money streaming it it
would be disingenuous for us to try to
get a refund totally what I've gotten
really fun it would have gotten real but
I am I'm not that kind of person I mean
obviously this is a you know it's a
business expense it's a tax write-off
I'm not getting a refund no matter how
shit the game is it's still functioning
game refunds are men at this point I
feel like I'm being played ha ha ha I
would have no problem cashing in the
refund
yeah cuz the $40 it's been played
just just how long does this go on just
10 minutes obviously yeah you know I
think it's about 10 minutes long this I
don't like it's hard to tell with with
artists whether this is a scam or not
it's not a good game
well he didn't die so it's not like the
most pretentious thing oh I think he
died because he was sick that was WOW
that was ten minutes of nothing but
somebody basically metaphorically
jerking off yeah the first person can be
respected was somebody metaphorically
jerking off for ten minutes we did not
we did not finish the game we got you
know three hours into the game oh it's
time to stand up everybody it's time to
stand up I can't I can't I can't I just
can't
there was some tips there wasn't hmm
okay Billa hecka says holy shit I feel
sorry for you Jack here's $2 for your
pain and hopefully you can salvage this
experience into an epic first four hours
of witness takedown I don't know we
can't sell with mostly fucking around
with the chat but maybe something we can
do with this we'll see what we can do
with this because this this is bullshit
rich says anonymous stop using your
luscious breasts to get views don't do
it Oh
gruff McMiller
hey you can't you can't do that you
can't do it just my shirt you can't do
that
gruff McMillan teri says it's not your
fault Jack we forgive you thank you
gruff McMahan Terry I I didn't know it
was gonna be like this I didn't know I
didn't get it
Tavor eh cases here's another two bucks
for soap to wash the memory I'm gonna go
home and drink is what I'm gonna do to
Washington remember yeah bad Korean bad
gamer Korean says please consider making
a prereq mini episode about this shit
game because fuck Jonathan Blow this is
like Jack and Jill of video games I
don't like it's not I don't know if I
want to call it a scam it's just not a
good $40 too much $40 you know why
because he knew he can get away with it
yeah yeah and Duke Duke Nukem says
clearly Boyk Newcomb says clearly that
ending was too deep for you guys you
just don't get it
well there's nothing to get whatever
here's my refund uh here's my
contribution to the refund fun thank you
doing can we come and recruit more pimps
for uses rich stand up you stretch your
legs it's important it's important it's
important cardiovascular health
the real Veon right rich the real van
says now I feel really bad for comparing
this to grow home which is a great game
that is an earnest and unpretentious
here's eight baht dollars to buy it on
Steam thank you
I I we I want to do something about the
witness I do
I do want to do something about the
witness unfortunately that might mean
playing it more
no we need no we would need to play it a
little bit more just to make sure that
that's what happens that that we shot
that episode already mister glitch says
now I'm sorry I laughed at you two I
could really use a hug right now that's
okay mr. cloture we'll listen this
happens sometimes I I'm glad we I'm glad
you make the rich your mic broke plug it
back in I instantly want to check the
laughs funny Oh Mike Oh specs poor has a
really good point maybe we should have
played it on Hard difficulty to get the
full effect of the game
that was a great one smack sport this
game is called witness but you know what
mediocre mediocre Wow where did we leave
off the tweet watcher are we are we
caught up with these donations we are
caught up with the donations with this
donations I believe yes we are caught up
with this donations oh my god we have
fucked on here great we're relieved on
fly sir we left off on knowledge junkie
all right
Caesarion fart Theodore J hooker for 17
months in a row gobbledygook s-- 18
months in a row fruit pies a magician
manic 12 15 19 months in a row the off
switch
Biff meets lab 16 months in a row
alright ballon space chemo 17 months in
a row
brad is a geek and rail means rail
network man work and it would be son
just network or the K would be you know
what I mean Devon
Xena trove 18 months in a row toe
decimals smiling strange 17 months in a
row M mind ragged describe where did
over a mile hospice pod lost my spot
lost my spot I gotta find nameless 609
what I said nameless 609 one small ball
rich welcome back to one with small ball
sausage chasm mr. creepy Billa hang on
and 19 months in a row yeah bill
Lakha I always think the logic is the
wrong way right I know I know I say it
wrong yeah
oh I'm saying it wrong it's Billy hecka
it looks like Billy hecka but it's bill
black I think for some reason I I keep
thinking that Bill la hecka is the wrong
way when I know I need to correct it
which is the strange thing to see the
weird thing is I'm actually trying to do
it right I'm just wrong about what the
right way was like every time I go to do
it
I see bone badger 18 months in a row the
irish nerd on twitch his dude miss 1400
well it is his duty very nice the lazy
non-communist 13 months in a row tube or
a HK tube or e HK
twelve months in a row happy year now
you said it right the second time we
also set up half a second it's a bore eh
k2 Barney HK I figured I would he would
rather to boring it looks like you just
just aboard tomorrow eh kappa bor eh
came everywhere else have me saved
everyone else's Castleman negamatter
mini-tour eh k no I would just feel so
so ostracized if I were Tory HK it's sad
the outcast amongst outcasts is just the
most outcast an outcast gonna be I'm I'm
so sorry - bored I'm so sorry but before
we can see contro house of on goofing
like would like to say I usually end up
using your streams to keep myself
entertained while doing light workouts
so thanks for being my workout we are on
I'm losing it yes he's going I say man
it's good there what you say s a name is
good this what do you want okay
I say thing you'll give me rubles
Oh lol napped on 106 you see Bob was
turning into water I've delivered the
garden
man L wait did you miss T Carl Z I said
you're not listen that wasn't what I say
I said think clearly you love here Oh
Matan 106 you should be giving your ears
clean boats safe drone is 16 months in
the row is good gay Carmen Z just
subscribed Carmen Z Carmen's it Deutsch
no I'm saying need to scroll screen to
see word then look at bull been loggin
bull
thank you for just subscribing pruney
toes 20 months in a row pruney toes
pruney toasts maybe it's a maybe it's a
Spanish name there's not metal there was
money I seen it I am eating whatever
they want I do not care and is Quito
they can call themselves lol fuck my
cock for all I care
ok Rob later 12 loner loner arc loner
arch on 17 months in a row halibut barn
nice star Horrible's it sounds like I'm
drunk and thanks for driving star
Horrible's homes there you go
Hellcats striker mokey be 85 beats so uh
mokey mokey mokey mokey b85 rich seems
to think that it's unimportant to
mention that you've got 19 months in a
row for mokey be 85 also pizza train 11
welcome to a year 12 months night night
night so infernal yeah you know you're
not subscribe there that's real good
also Lando was taken 16 months in a row
you skipped over her only I skipped over
2 because I'm a moron pizza tray 1112
watch the roll motherfucker I said that
didn't you you said Lando was taken I
said pizza train first I said welcome to
a year and then you went to nitro
inferno oh my brains all over the place
punchy Brad's right you for driving 16
months in row I let you all scram we
really appreciate Mon runner don't play
the witness shoot yourself in the head
she's up in the flesh you fetch her
I did
