Feb 10, 2016
XCOM 2: War of the Chosen, Dragon's Dogma
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/58525378
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/58527948
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/58528970
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/58530273
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i4kI_9s8U7w
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KlIRjaW49lw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nqx20FJwvlk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wZHyER-QgbQ
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/697503674013257729

[Part I]
oh well your stuff here's the plan let's
more XCOM to try start fresh and we
start naming people who we can yeah
let's start fresh we'll start naming
sure that's a great idea
ah here's the deal XCOM 2 has been
crashing my pc occasionally for real Zeo
and a couple couple of big crashes yeah
and I don't know but if it happens like
a couple times like how many times
should we allowed to crash before I I
switch to Dragon's Dogma it depends yep
you said it's not only been crashing the
game it's been crashing your whole PC
yes so here's my rule here's my rule for
XCOM if it crashes the game we let it
happen once yeah it's crashed on me a
couple of times I'm playing on the Mac
if it crashes your entire PC done i won
I'll even give crash to the game I'll
give it twice ok I'll give it twice but
if it crashes your entire PC we're
fucking done
well fucking done with you oh hey
everybody welcome crash on me twice
shame on me that's right a horrible
glory Hey we're sticking we're sticking
with veteran
Ironman with the help I've been getting
my ass thoroughly handed to me on rookie
but of course I'm I am a rookie
you know also everyone tell us our what
the fuck sound and our Oh My gods should
be quieter then I was almost certainly
not gonna happen you can explain what
you did well I'm starting this game so
what the fuck sounded it sounds a little
quieter they're always a lot quieter
than the Oh My gods
so done with this you know we're just we
would just be done with the game just
yeah we would switch games at that point
if it crashes the whole computer we
would just be done with the game
Richwood plays find something else to
play oh and we did remember to turn on
the the toilet watcher well something
you forgot last time that I still feel
really bad about it's all the
subscribers
captain epic is saying that what the
fuck is pretty quiet yeah alright what
the fuck is very quiet it's that what
fuck is probably too quiet but the so
what I did was she was the oh my god you
she was the oh my god so what we did is
in the mixer in the audio mixer on
Rich's PC we turned down the OBS volume
because that's where the sound is coming
from it's coming from OBS and so you
should be hearing us at normal speeds
and any sound coming through or coming
from OBS should be noticeably quieter
including the Oh My gods which will
hopefully be an easy fix for us and
appease everyone else because we we are
listening and everyone subscribers and
nonsubscribers are saying that it got
old yeah and we hear you so that's one
of those things that would be funny once
the first time it happens yeah it's
funny yeah that's funny stream that
first day was a funny stream yeah so
there's that we also heard you it's
pretty much unanimous everyone does not
like the green screen backgrounds for
the show for the show what happens oh
well no this everyone loves yeah it
wasn't clear oh sorry oh I'm very sorry
for for the actual previously recorded
to show we will be going back to the
real sets we're gonna we're gonna change
up how we make the real sets to make it
easier on us but we're going back to
we're to the real sets and the and the
rich pixel art cutouts so I figured what
if we get a black one a blue one and a
green one right we're good the and rich
did remember his special Mouse yes space
cop dog hard
the animation was this video yeah every
and the overall gist I was getting from
everyone is even people who liked it
seems just as loud to me we'll see we'll
see how what people say it seems a
little quieter to me test everyone just
said it was distracting and so and you
know what I kind of like the real sets
better and it will literally save us a
day of rent rendering taunt time quieter
people are saying it's it's way quieter
yeah definitely quieter great well then
there we go and you know
twitchplayspokemon I'm with you I in
general I want more I've been trying
very hard to use more game footage in
the edits cuz I think that's just a
general consensus as people like seeing
the footage that we are discussing so
especially like in the Dragon's Dogma
one eye there was a ton of footage in
there okay let's see what we got here
leftover beefcake thank you for testing
this dream tip oh my god I'm glad it's
quieter and ever yes everyone is saying
quieter quieter great great Mario Mario
says greetings from Arizona I love
seeing my childhood games get destroyed
in these speedruns my grandpa passed
away recently after a long battle with
aliens say we're really known for our
speedruns save the frames not the aliens
can I get a high pipe much hype
someone's been watching too much agdq
adgq awesome games done quick it's a
marathon they have I thought it was good
games done quick there's awesome games
done quick and then there's Summer Games
done quick oh okay I like I do like the
speedruns yes
hey guys says Yolo bear bro this is my
first live streaming I wanted to say
thanks for all the great content you
make if Hollywood made a movie about
Neil Breen's ballsack
what would the title be if Hollywood
made a movie about neo Breen's balls I
the the life-giver balls of steel Oh
sack of truth a wrinkle in time I fully
endorse a wrinkle in time ha ha ha now
take it I'll take it the space cover out
enough and too just enough to be
obnoxious I can never find good cover
when I need it unpunched ball like that
riches laughs still needs a volume
adjustments never gonna happen Oh bottom
never gonna happen I I like I like them
I don't like the lack of color cover the
lack of cover goes along with the
theming where every single mission is a
very stressful struggle there's half
cover everywhere you will never ever
find full cover oh you lost one already
I'm so sorry
just gonna oh I'm hacking I didn't know
that I did that I didn't mean to be that
wasn't about that I wasn't being well
you succeeded the maps are procedurally
generated so the spacing of cover is
less thought-out
has less thought put into it is what
they're saying
nice nice
war war never changes that's right I've
been I've been getting into it a little
bit I have um I have a confession rich
what's that I have I have an ex come to
confession ex confession I have an ex
calm fashion
I am the saves come yeah and I feel you
should absolutely terrible every single
time I've done it like three times now
I've done I went through that phase at
first yeah what the first ex-cops
original original ex-con I wanted that
the same who's gonna you grow out of it
okay you become an adult you'll soon
become an adult
um sup boys I have one request Walter
White voice say my name well I will of
course say it lol fuck my cock thank you
for the tip say my name aliens do not
fucking give a shit what kind of cover I
have so saves comes a couple times and
for anyone who doesn't know I so some
people don't know what a saves come is
it's it's a bygone of older games where
in XCOM if like like let's say rich
completely fails this mission he instead
of taking your loss like a like an adult
moving on with the game you can just
reload the save at the start of the
mission and try the mission again your
intended just to go on with the game
losing all your troops but there's been
a couple times where I've really really
wanted to keep some some of my soldiers
so I did and I feel bad and it's called
it's called save scumming because you
are the scum if you say if you reload a
save like that Moki b85 in my first
XCOM to doomed run in a mission destined
to fail I noticed my three-times
promoted Ranger with one health bar had
a slash damage of nine to ten he then
killed five aliens saved the mission no
deaths
that's amazing Moki I do I think I I
might use my ranger my sword attack a
little too often I do find it very
satisfying I was this the equivalent of
the assault class okay in the in the
classic sure which is a class that was
very fond of okay I I really enjoyed
just running up to people and slicing
them in the face it does leave my
Rangers open a lot it's a cover but you
know it happens and shrinky kins can i
get rich to do a space come voice pack
for an ex-con mod sure there you go sure
send us an email prereq at red letter
media calm p re r ec and we'll set that
up for you you tell us what you want
rich to record will set it up for you
that'd be great the randall McNasty hey
Jack hey Rick hey Jack hey rich hey
Randall McNasty hey hey Rama gusty hey
Reynold McNasty leftover beefcake this
riches started a new game so that was
the first yeah that was the first
mission what was he saying
oh right randomly fast II love red
letter media and prereq stuff and I
thought I could at least give you guys
something also rich tits please no not
the pride tits aren't gonna happen
nothing but 100% second successful shot
percentage
I mean someone died but
that yeah you got that so yeah this is
the first mission we will we will name
we will name people in a moment poor
Wilson killed in action I've ever had a
chance it's terrible it's just terrible
commander hello commander it's just it's
irresistible doing that guy's voice yeah
mr. e 3k hey I'm new to the stream what
kind of mics do you guys use what are
these these are sure some kind of mic
arrow
these are shure sm7b s and we have them
going through my zoom h6 these are the
ones that you know we use for streaming
obviously I know rich Jay and Mike use
these for commentary tracks they're just
nice mics to have around this guy looks
like you just it's just a snake like
outlawed cuz snake yeah I kind of love
them look at him people that's what I do
who do I get to kill oh it doesn't
matter just tell me that it keys he's a
professional asshole yeah yeah
and Elmer Fudd she's got like the cheek
jowls alright let's start naming great
who wants to be this person wants to be
cheeky mcdowell either way we need the
keyboard well how do we how do we do
this you just want the first person to
say you want just anyone
yeah bad Milo said me good I add Milo
first name bad last name Milo well fuck
em Aiello I can spell Milo
well I'm just you know I don't know
what's what's bad Milo's biography I do
I love that that you can give us a tow
the lawsuit went rogue after hearing
that Earth's governments had surrendered
to the aliens she would have been like
11 at the time sure I pointed them that
happen that happened in 2015 in the game
time so she went Rogan alone she went
rogue at 11:00 really rumor is that she
spent most of her telling writers only
15 maybe they had they were in a more
for like four years we don't know
hunting aliens for sport at 14 should we
change it to something chemical if you
would like there's a lot of work cuz we
have so many people then fuck it fuck it
okay it's too much work it's too much
name we want to get to the name to the
game name go previous soldier Oh for
fuck's sake who wants to be a
professional dickhead professional
dickhead okay the first person to say
professional dickhead or pro dickhead
either one
hello like thank ok predict head ok jz e
li j like the name j Zelly
ze li JS le was the first to say pro
dickhead that's JY j y ze li JS you know
what that looks like a J's le
he's like yeah I hunt aliens but I I DJ
on the weekends you want to hear my
mixtape and cool wounded stoked a
specialist no our specialist
I like the specialists they always die
but I like him the first person to say I
always die gets it and gets to be the
all of my I love my specialist class but
they they always die on my team and I
hate them I always die there it is
Tiberius Kirk do you know how to spell
Tiberius I assume you do yeah alright um
lag shaming sorry gobbledygook s' who
else we got here wait let's get to the
next mission ok well then oh yeah we
need we need more upgrades right because
those were the only two promotions I
love the that the the specialists make
me think about the engineers from Team
Fortress 2 which is why I love them so
much
which way do you go specialist do you go
healing or attack I'm not sure what I
like it okay yeah you're not that I had
you're not that deep into it this is a
in the last game yeah it was my least
favorite class okay I really use them
if I did use them it was usually as a
medic okay but eventually my battle
doctrine XCOM one was that if you're not
offense if you're not killing the aliens
of that soldier it's a fucking waste of
time and you didn't need healing by
virtue of the fact that you weren't
getting hit because you were just
killing too many aliens that's how I
play the previous XCOM I like that I
like that yeah my battle doctrine was if
you couldn't if you didn't have the
firepower to kill an alien
one term then I have no use for you I've
no use for you I did try like I went
medic first with my specialist and the
only problem is you have to level them
up a couple times but then you only get
two heals
mm-hmm that's it for the whole for the
whole mission I mean I and I'm suck you
know I'm pretty new and XCOM and so you
know like I'd get my two heels and then
I just be that guy would be useless it
is nice the little robot gives a damage
buff yep or I'm sorry of resistance buff
and so you know usually it was making
the robot go to whoever my heavy weapons
guy is you know making my heavy like the
portraits too and make the heavy go out
and you know get a little overexposed
maybe to help Scout the area button rich
read starters I was talking strictly
about the previous game and if things
are different now things are different
and no things are different now they're
still unfamiliar though I'm feeling my
way around the XCOM twos yes
gotta get up a med pack you get six
heals and revive all units yeah oh no
like and so I have two specialists right
now and one is going to heal route and
one is going the attacker out and we'll
just see which one I like better you
know
so I'm liking I I'm liking parts of the
game so far rich actually I'm further in
than rich rich isn't terribly far in
right now so he's not ready to give
impressions yet so far the for me and
you know you guys know me I'm not
necessarily like a tactics person oh
you're starting in the United States Oh
does it does it change up everything
yeah apparently no never I never asked
me
it never asked you know well I started
in Africa and so I just assumed
everybody started in Africa but I didn't
- that's probably that might be some
kind of side effect of starting with the
tutorial I don't know oh sure sure okay
what
starting locations are different easy
game that's cool I like that oh hey
Kevin
don't FX FX s mr. Kevin is Kevin from
fire axes games Robert Lee time oh my
god
all right who was nothin on kool-aid man
says hey Jack thanks for uploading
riches oh my god I said it as my text
message notification I can't wait until
I forget to put my phone on silent
before I go to work and have it go off
during a meeting the first subscriber to
say Jackalope Jackalope Jackalope okay
you know what a jungle of us it's the
it's the fake critter that's like a
rabbit with deer horns when you look at
all the fictional animals that
supposedly really exist you're Bigfoot
yeah you're Loch Ness monsters
the Jackalope is my favorite hmm because
it is so believable yes one the first
person to type in Jackalope was lol fuck
my cock but fuck you spelled to f UK
okay
so first name lol fuck last name my cock
first name lol last name fuck my cock oh
and they spell cock with C okay oh my
god just you know oh by the way that
looks like a fuck my cock totally lol
that is like totally an lol fuck my rich
doctor vector rich didn't say it had to
be a subscriber he just said first
person I said mr. forever huh I said
subscribe oh then that's my bad mmm who
was the second person it was the first
subscriber to get it right oh my god I'm
so sorry I was not paying attention to
rich I never pay attention
mister shy smile okay was the first
subscriber problem easily solved okay
there you go that was my fault
that was my fault for not paying
attention rich
corporal mr. shy smile I love it okay
here we got our team wait where's your
specialist what you got a sniper you got
a ranger
I got weapon upgrades fuck yeah fuck
yeah we got lasers take the shit out of
that okay great weapon name I like that
huh weapon name yeah this right here
this right here's the the blood inator
you don't want your specialist wait I
fucked up I fucked up oh my god that's
okay oh my god
go back where where how do i what did I
do think of it what did I do you started
the mission what did I do wrong do you
start what mission did you start what
mission are you on oh my god I've done
everything wrong where are you doing
it's not like XCOM one I don't know what
I'm doing it takes come to
all right okay now we're a contract okay
who we getting this is who you're going
with yeah no specialist what do you mean
oh they're awarded oh that's okay I'm
sorry I'm sorry I didn't know No

[Part II]
OBS says we're streaming shambles okay
now we are okay great all right we're
back so we're going to sew the whole PC
didn't crash just XCOM to did and we are
going to attempt as soon as rich loads
this game we are going to attempt to
lower the graphical settings
maybe maybe that'll save us a crash late
we don't know so I had asked hit that
ask is is Kevin soul in the chat does he
know any like common causes for crashes
that I could disable or whatnot okay
Ivan something it doesn't like running
within the background or something maybe
on I don't know maybe we'll see I'm
looking out for him we're going to
preset medium just a sure do that quick
let's see no I think that's fine
I got my eye on him we'll see if he says
anything if there's anything that he
knows of that uh that causes crashes on
a regular basis rich has had uh some
issues with the game crashing I don't
have any easy tip to avoid crashes
that's okay that's okay Kevin I am I'm
playing on my Mac and I've had a crash
twice but I I guess I just assumed that
was a Mac thing like maybe that it
didn't talk well it's not really a
gaming Mac either it's not oh no yeah
but you know it's it's a video editing
Mac and so it has some processing power
it's older like we're talking about last
time it's an older Mac but you know so I
mean my graphic settings are whale the
way down low a gaming Mac there's no
there's no gaming Mac get a kid out of
town
okay here we go you have to steal that
Xbox that looks at incredibly like an
original Xbox Oh should I move my sniper
first which was which was dumb the new
sector did you get to the what the thing
men have become no okay well it looks
like the classic XCOM snake men the
snake man
yes yes they're pretty spooky they can
they can grab you with their tongue I
can poison yeah I just came across the
what are the big guys called butonce
mutant mutants yeah I just came across
the mutants I came across the mutants
they're pretty awesome also the faceless
have you encountered the faceless yet
great monster it looks like it looks
like looks like a big pile of goop yeah
it looks like it reminds me a lot of
Clayface from Batman the Animated Series
just a big gloopy monster and is like EF
faceless
recruit more pimps for you I will tell
you what the legitimate advantages of
being a subscriber are one you get to
use all of our emotes whoa sorry what's
going on oh oh I want to switch people
in my my my button was missing Oh what
whoa you know and you might not think
that's a big deal but you know some
people like it so you get to use all of
our emotes not only in our chat but in
any twitch chat that you're in and the
other thing is you give us money which
help make sure we keep making this show
and of course previously recorded in
general that's it there's there's no you
know there's no good reason there's
really no you oh you also you also get a
pizza roll next to your name oh joy
there's no good reason it's it's
literally just a way to support us and
if you don't you know that's why we did
the the tips because I'm sure there's
one there's a couple people out there
who's like yeah I'd rather give them two
bucks every six months and that's what
the tips are for right or if you just
want to hang out and watch that's fine
too anything you want to do mr. Pibb
says they've been temp banned from 2
twitch chats for using prereq icons
really so there you go you can get
banned from other chats that's like a
reward in itself I have another chance
ban for that I can't it's probably has
something to do were you spamming we're
spamming them or they can't just just
before the emotes
yeah now I don't know what the situation
here because I'm already on the red tile
but in cover can I safely move at all or
am I just oh that's a good question I've
never had to deal with this before if
you move out of it I mean setup everyone
else first and then try to move out of
it see what happens
well fuck me hmm well fuck my people who
think don't move
oh okay so I'm M bolt-on ovitch says
donating 8 more bucks on top of MySpace
got purchase so you can buy a gaming mac
thank you
Thank You M Bolton ovitch yellow bear
bro we usually only ask questions we
usually only say stuff if you donate at
least two dollars
well do an exception in this in this
case because you know you might not have
known about that rule rich yeah do you
know about Christopher Hitchens yeah
what do you think about Christmas is a
great man it's Jamie's dead Oh
has he died recently okay well there you
go too much new key yes we've turned a
couple soldiers into subscribers and
we're waiting - you know recruit some
more pimps and pushers drank too much
smoke too much yeah man let's get funky
anonymous asks your internationally
famous twitch streamers and Blizzard
didn't give you guys free overwatch beta
key yet this is contradicting all the
online conspiracy theories right I know
blizzard get on top of that yeah we are
the smallest big-time extremist we might
be the smallest dreamers I'm you know
I'm I keep watching over watch stir
streams that a lot and I'm very excited
about overwatch I think I'm gonna play
it when it comes out saying overwatch
submit just make everything effects calm
is the time for overwatch we got over
what I guess but
I oh shit I uh that might not have been
the smartest thing I thought I was far
enough away that blasted rule cake was
gonna hit the truck Oh No
why didn't the truck highlight oh no no
yeah it's did her job I'm probably gonna
get her killed and then well no she has
time to get out all right no that was
her reaction oh oh that's all right
yellow bear bro don't you a yellow bear
bro don't you worry none about nothing
I'm Bill Donovan so this is kind of our
podcast we we have some episodes like
this we you know we're probably be
talking about the game a little bit more
but you know we have some streams
especially these streams that Jay are
here where we just jibber about nonsense
barely talking about the game see our
stream on Sunday I don't think we even
we mentioned the game was our first time
playing it and that happens oh so much
for that checkpoint I thought that huh
you did you did fuck this I got a
grenade
do you think rich would like Bioshock
games did you play any of the Bioshock
games I played infinite um are you
starting with infinite well I played a
little bit of of the other one I like
the art style yeah I love I love Art
Deco oh sure
broken our Decca the first one had some
good meat to it that first Bioshock game
interesting ideas some fun battles great
art design and then you know I'm ex
coming my brain is just kind of got less
only only half here no that's that ex
come away in action oh um did you have
you seen Hannibal at all no no rich is
not the guy who was the showrunner of
Hannibal has been announced as the
showrunner for the Star Trek series
welcome and I know many many people
liked Hannibal I hear I heard nothing
but good things about Hannibal so that's
that's a positive in my mind shit shit
shit shit let's see here hand the alien
invasion taken place in the XCOM
universe would space camp have been able
to handle it wait single handedly no
he'd be too lazy to yeah he would just
let the aliens win he would take orders
from Oh does this affect my pension do I
get to keep my job okay who do you need
me to kill I'll say this
Gani Medes Gani Medes nine my neck Kanna
meetings ganna Metis I don't know again
a Metis is I know what's the name of one
of the moons of one of the gas giants no
it's based on some kind of Greek
something or other they're all
done Greek something or another's um my
neck my back lick my pussy and my crack
you're welcome
that's from a hip hop song lady lady
rapper sings about how she likes men to
to touch her down there
very classy she's a classy lady she's a
lady who knows what she wants she's a
take-charge kind of lady
oh it's a moon of Jupiter thank you
cracker man all right
look at these scrubs playing with turn
limits
let's turn limits turn us what's turn
limits I don't know what that means do
you know what that means I know every
mission in this game pretty much has
turned a timer for something you have to
do sure that's hardly a scrub thing I
don't know what do you what do you mean
term limits I mean turn dude I can't be
president more than twice no turn turn
limits I don't know what that means
I don't know what it means we are scrub
I'm just playing the default veteran
right now yeah there's something I'm
doing that you don't like you're gonna
need to get more specific cuz I have no
idea what the fuck it's a mod you can
mod out turn limits most popular mods
remove the turn limit I'm well we're
gonna review the game I'm gonna review
the vanilla game so I have to play it
like this yes I kind of want to play it
with what the designers had in mind and
and the last thing is that's hardly a
scrub move it's more difficult do you
know what scrub means fucking moron her
friends don't know what scrub means what
do we have his fans
who are these idiots bunch of dickheads
that's who weekend sectoid little rug
Lucy Adam there sectoid enough the shit
you know I don't mind it so much when
they mind-control the other guys I don't
like it when they mind-control me OOP
look at that face oh yeah yeah yeah yeah
do you even taste me ex
do-do-do-do-do-do oh how do you miss
that shot bunch of idiots bunch of
fucking idiots are gonna save the world
is all this is all you can muster rich
this is it now what you're gonna miss
your sword strike slash him fucking
slash him I'm sorry rich I didn't think
you would actually miss your sword
strike you were just hoping no I I'm
playing on rookie I'm playing on rookie
I have never missed a sword strike it
just hasn't come up I know it says 88%
all the time but I just kind of assumed
it was a sure thing
wait wait you're gonna fire in the dead
guy I can't kill him oh sure like
best-case scenario he's got two health
labs oh yeah and he's got 37% oh he's
behind cover I could take a pistol shot
at him sure you know what okay I'm
paying attention now because I'm
actually playing the game so now I want
to know what's inside Rich's head these
are tips and tricks like for me you know
it's like always you know the aliens
mind controlling the other alien the
sectoid is mind controlling the those
guys nice call rich nice he's gonna miss
oh and so you know you go for the
sectoid because that takes down two with
one blast oh oh god mmm
Jesus jesus H Christ he's your Snipes
Oh son of a bitch son of a bitch son of
a bitch Oh
telegin says Jack and rich have you seen
Deadpool yes it's fine not great
also Jack will you watch doctor who now
that the creator of broadchurch will be
the showrunner ooh and Moffat as soon as
Moffat leaves yes I will start watching
again Moffat has has ruined a perfectly
lovely show so as soon as he's gone yes
I will start watching again no is
Deadpool out yet I think that currently
it is I don't know I think that pool
comes out this weekend for us but I
don't know I know neither of us have
seen it I do plan on seeing it I like
Deadpool I like Ryan Reynolds I love
Ryan Reynolds I'm in Ryan Reynolds's
corner I'm a fan of Ryan Reynolds but
the real they I would like to donate a
game through Steam how do you want me to
do so can you write this up someplace
can you write this up someplace I looked
around and couldn't find it also again
Mehdi was Zeus's cupbearer and boy toy
hmm oh well thank you thank you for that
bit of insight email us at prereq at red
letter media com well yeah I'll make up
a little thing in our in our twitch that
gives you our email address a prereq p
re re e c at red letter media dot-com
send us any game that you want to gift
us gift that to us that timing worked
out perfectly because it looked like
here's about I know he wasn't but it
looked like he was about to attack you
like
just one just one day there's a sniper
yeah I am it was real Oh Deadpool was
released today in the UK I don't think
that poll comes out until Friday here
the UK is used to getting everything
like a month or three late it's a
different world
now it's different world oh no mr.
Schine smile I've been I've been I've
been transferring over to our at red
letter media email address now so we're
trying not to use the gmail one anymore
prereq at red letter media that's where
all our emails should go because I've
been having some gmail issues so but
thank you ah good bye is le a great look
great look yeah oh that's right captain
dick face yeah oh the weekend DJ I loved
him I loved him I'll just say that this
is a conversation I was having with rich
earlier by the way oh yeah tell them the
story is rich has always told me about
how you fall in love with your XCOM
soldiers and I've always believed them
hello commander I've always believed
them but this is my first time really
playing an ex-con game and so it's my
first time experiencing falling in love
with your social soldiers you know
you're you're one sniper makes that 70%
shot and she's your favorite sniper ever
and I had this recentiy percent I'm just
saying you know hey it's not my sniper
damn well better make that 70% i'm just
remember i'm new to the game yeah look
at him look at him he looks like he
looks like he looks like a thinman he
looks like the guy from the beginning
given the speech no I am NOT the guy
from the beginning giving the speech I'm
an ex-con soldier certainly not here
undercover thin men are the infiltration
units so anyway when I started playing I
I didn't I wasn't into the whole like
you fall in love with your soldiers
thing and so I decided I was going to
make the war girls wear every one of my
soldiers was a bald female with the
skull face paints and that was gonna be
my thing like okay in my army in my army
you you eat sleep and shit XCOM nothing
else matters so you know like no
identity no nothing cuz in my army would
kill or be killed fuck everything else
right and I fell in love with one of my
teams like Oh like I I had to you know
had a Grenadier I had a ranger I had a
sniper and I had a specialist and I was
like oh now we're kicking ass and of
course I started to get more team
members and more specialists and more
snipers and I fell in love particularly
with a sniper and then it was time to
pick my team again and I forgot which
sniper was the one I liked because they
all look the same and I was like no I
want to take the sniper that I really
like and I forgot which one it was and
so like since then I've given them all
like different haircuts a unique look so
I can remember who makes the good shot
I've fallen in love with my soldiers
yeah it's great yeah XCOM is good for
that yeah some leader you are right I
still a Jag is a good leader you can't
get too attached okay you're sending
these people out to die yeah yeah it's
like a lab rat don't name your lab rat
don't you don't don't I do i wanna i
want i want to love my lab rats
Jack got a really cool lip scar in my
game rich is still scarless good yeah
I'm letting all my soldiers keep their
name and personality and and whatnot
sometimes they'll change their the color
of their outfit I like to color quote
color coordinate my you know like all of
my grenadiers wear red all of my
specialists wear blue just so out in the
field I can get an overview of who's
where I think that's good but I let him
keep their name
it's just like Jacques my hip
if the game crashes again we're gonna
start up XCOM 2 again because we said we
would give X come to two crashes yeah
after the third crash we pick a new game
or if it crashes the whole computer we
pick a new game and by picking a new
game I mean rich plays Dragon's Dogma
because that's anyone else to play arena
football I just made this one's gonna be
crashing right right of course so I know
like rich so far he said he's only like
what eight seven eight hours in yes like
that and I'm about 15 hours in to my
first game I have saves cummed a couple
times and I feel bad about it but rich
says it's okay because I'm learning
you'll grow out of it sooner or later
you'll garage won't you once you've got
the field yeah yeah I'm getting much
better at tactics I'm actually paying
attention when I play which is I think
really helpful but the aliens are
actively pursuing them subscriber who
what a subscriber who what what should
they be a trivia question involved this
is this is your call man you just tell
me but it has to be a subscriber what is
my favorite fictional animal oh nice
what is Rich's favorite fictional animal
that is bill Tetley
he's got the keyboard the keyboard
something but you
it is the Jackalope rich mention that
earlier okay for the record repeating
myself yeah that's my favorite precisely
because it's so believable yes te t le y
te t bill Tetley her name is bill
titling i love it i love it
she looks like a bill seems like a
change gender isn't one no no you could
if somebody has you know personal
request
everyone wants at least one Neal Breen
on the team because then he will be the
best and everything
Billy Tetley that's it yes that's what
we used to call him Billy Tenley but we
know now it's bill Tetley
yeah he which rich said which fictional
animal that uh you could also say which
fake animal but in fictional animal oh
it did I tell you by the way just seeing
this building yep I finally got a sniper
ranked up enough to get the bonus where
if you're on the roof you get a shot
bonus look I haven't even used it yet I
just love it I love it that it's there
it's like fuck yeah
I've been rich I've been all up on the
roof the roof is great what was the
other option
oh I don't forget I didn't even look at
the other option I read the roof one I
said I'm on the roof motherfucker of
course you didn't of course you didn't
and I wasn't paying attention what is
this oh wait what is the goal here what
do we need to do I don't get the person
and you do anything rescue the via oh
there it is yeah extract the vehicle and
extract all exam soldiers all right
I love the roof I'm a big fan of the
roof jack the roof is on fire we don't
need no water let the motherfucker burn
burn motherfucker better at clicking
Jay's Ellie says I'm currently playing
witcher 3 should i do XCOM 1 or Dragon's
Dogma next by the way lol fuck my cock
they're both fine choices I I've heard
that Witcher that witcher 3 is the
superior dragon's dogma okay and so i
dont coming from a fantasy game like
witcher 3 you might find Dragon's Dogma
to be a bit of a disappointment even
though I don't I don't know if in
Witcher 3 you can do the climbing on
monsters thing which I love that's my
favorite part the main character which
is there just seems like such a generic
motherfucker yeah so so I'd say you
don't want to do fantasy I'm cool
diamond
fuck yeah I'm so cool did I tell you how
cool I am I've heard it too much Dookie
I've heard Witcher 3 is the better
Dragon's Dogma as far as like fantasy
realms and story goes and so going from
fantasy to fantasy might not be the
smartest idea so then I say do fantasy
do sci-fi then back to fantasy that
sounds so reasonable don't you think
yeah that's why I mean that's that's how
I would do it no these are safe places
sure
I love it I love the chat just going to
alt is as generic as a hero can be in
the very next comment is Geralt is
anything but generic you don't know what
you're talking about he's a well fleshed
out character
yeah he's generic he's super drew I've
heard good things about Witcher 3 a lot
of people are recommending us playing
Witcher 3 now that we've kind of dipped
a toe into the into the fantasy realm I
don't know if I'd go to either Witcher 3
or to one of the Skyrim time game sure
you know I don't know I owe someone
actually gifted us a baldur's gate okay
which they say involves a lot of tactics
okay in a fantasy realm which they
thought you especially might enjoy it so
we got that this is safe is it safe this
is safe is it safe I don't know is it
safe I don't know is it safe I don't
know jack have you seen the French
Connection is it safe is it safe no
that's Marathon Man doesn't often gets
his teeth pulled out yep you're right I
mean tomato tomahto I'm all right
oh wait wait wait wait wait if I'm gonna
do this I should put some people in
overwatch of course
get it together rich also I'm gonna
stand up I didn't exactly start my
stand-up timer but I think it's been
about an hour since we've been streaming
so everyone who wants to it's been about
an hour time to stand up I'm going to
I'm gonna I'm gonna
I heard you oh my god I'm come back
nice taken care of
what are you doing I'm stretching you
look like you're like a robo sizing
wrong no look you look like your roba
sizing wrong well I was just I was I was
doing some light lunge like an aerobics
instructor would walk and say that's not
how you do that I was doing some lunges
just to stretch out the old uh the old
uh what's my foods is the muscles in
your legs that I don't know the names of
okay let's say here uh mister sister
Pfister
I watched aliens last night and it made
me wonder what is y'all's favorite
sequel mine is home alone - lost in New
York aliens also at what age is it no
longer appropriate to take baths with
your sister two very important questions
25 well that that is correct as well you
need to get more specific over that
question I would start a little bit
earlier what did you start that what it
what is don't you is it no longer
oh no longer oh it's no longer
appropriate at 25 no longer for 22 and
at 58 at 75 it's okay oh he comes back
it comes back after a while you know I
think I think right when you start
getting around like 8 or 9 then it's you
know favorite sequel that's a really
tough question no it's not there's two
there's only two possible answers ok
aliens or the Empire Strikes Back
oh my god father - how fight is really
good I haven't seen either oh really
have we finally had this conversation
before
uh you know empires great empires great
Godfather to shoot him in the face
shoot him in the goddamn fucking face
now he's gonna owe ya shit face what
blink should really be a hire to hit you
know what was your percentage 85 but
rich they could be dodging they can be
dodging the other guys up top here
somewhere right there
fuckin hope so um oh he's not shit the
second one I thought I can be wrong I've
been wrong before I'm wrong many times I
don't know in my life I have a soft spot
for for Kevin Smith movies and so I
really enjoyed clerks too obviously like
it's nowhere near as important as the
first clerks but if you if you look at
all of his films as kind of like a where
he is in life analogy like clerks - I
think did a really amazing thing there's
a lot of good sequels out there um let's
see here
Oh anonymous anonymous says does rich
plan to play any hitman games some good
sneaky action of the third one is really
good have you ever played any of the
hitman games I have I try with the very
first one that came out yes it sounded
like a fucking awesome idea and it was
the problem was at the time it came out
it didn't work so well on my computer
and every level literally took half an
hour to load and then if you died you'd
have the way to half an hour sure the
level to reload if you wanted to restart
we have an eye level to reload so I
couldn't get into it but what I did play
I loved oh so there's nothing worth it
here there's nothing worth hacking yeah
what does that do you get me what do you
get me a lamppost he's gonna shit got
you I heard somebody on line once said
they found when they gave him like a
permanent 20 plus 20 to hack what that's
great
one but it was like a load chance to
actually get it but it was worth the 2%
chance oh yeah
um let's see here Lord Belmont says what
about Terminator 2 no I prefer first one
Secretariat is a good movie I prefer the
first one I think Arnold is the hero
does nothing for me
Michael Bane is the hero on the first
one I can get man versus machine and you
get Sarah Connors character arc there's
some great shit in the first one yeah
but the second one you get like psycho
yeah you got great action and kind of
what they did with her was neat but
overall I like the first one more not
the second one's a terrible movie sure
just like on the scale of like sequels
you enjoyed that that's lower I still
like the first movie more than the
second one regardless okay yeah I'm with
you
also I saw room and a Hail Caesar both
are fantastic go watch them
Star Trek to the Wrath of Khan great
movie oh I still as far as favorite
sequel I'm still going with either
Empire Strikes Back or aliens
sure aliens is one of my favorite movies
but well that's not like I'm just naming
good sequels rafa Khan nice one though
should should we lump the Star Trek
movies in there they're coming from a
serialization so like even the first
Star Trek Star Trek the motion picture
you know like has this back that has
this history to it a movie coming from a
TV show so I don't even know if that
should count unpowered raindrop you are
correct the best sequel ever to exist is
Evil Dead 2 oh yes yes that changes
everything that changes everything is
evil too
oh fuck yes Evil Dead 2 you also get
plot oh oh
shwoo pie says you also get +5 hack for
every mission a soldier completes a
successful hacking hey hey hey I should
have tried didn't know that okay now we
know thank you you're helping us all
right I got a stuck in these fucking
people in the building now you know what
I haven't seen looper looper is on mile
is very high on my list of movies to see
but for obvious reasons it is not my
favorite sequel oh the the looper
director is directing episode 8 oh so no
but I really want to see looper I've
heard really good things about it I
really want to see it I know evil did
too evil the two is technically a sequel
so it still counts evil then two might
be the best movie ever made
let alone best suits that's honestly
very very true
oh I know John wick John wick is very up
there on lists of movies that I really
want to see too but even though
technically a sequel even though the
first five minutes of Evil Dead 2 is all
of Evil Dead 1 done better done better
because it's all that fluff condensed
into five minutes and then you get Evil
2 to fucking you-let's who's the
greatest just the greatest
toy stories - is alright yeah yeah yeah
yeah it's no toy
I mean Toy Story 3 is a fucking
tearjerker and Toy Story 1 is the thing
that started at all Toy Story 2 is just
kind of you know it's fine
it's good it's good oh knowledgeable
junkie says here's $2 to point out
another great - Back to the Future 2
it's certainly not better than the first
one but I know that's not the criteria
better than the first one isn't the
criteria it's just it's just you know
favorite sequel above above Empire above
Evil Dead 2 above alienness but you know
what and here's mostly it doesn't do any
of that because Back to the Future Part
2 isn't a self-contained entity because
it's it's wrapped up in in Back to the
Future Part 3 as well you know so it's
it's part 2 and part 3 I get you know
here's the the really neat thing about
this conversation is there are a ton of
really good sequels and that great
sequels get shade on a lot spider-man 2
spider-man 2 was way better than
spider-man 1 that's true I like
spider-man 2 a lot deadliest prey best
sequel maybe maybe I knew that was gonna
happen what I was gonna come through
that door I took a chance yeah no he's
reanimating a dead soldier well what do
I do
it's base cop - yeah that's gonna be way
better than space cop 1 obviously we
start kicking some ass that's what we do
tiny turnip says I wouldn't say a ton
there's a lot sequels get shit on a lot
and we've just named a bunch of good
sequels
Captain America to Winter Soldier winter
your soldier is a lot a lot better than
First Avenger but again you know they're
kind of coming from a place of
serialization Lando who is taken says
Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2 is probably
one of the best things Canon films ever
produced best of the series I'm not the
that's that's more of a J conversation
I'm not I'm not a big Texas Chainsaw
Massacre kind of person oh there you go
4 to 6 yeah I'll take that fuck yeah
stupid sword eat it secta stupid sward
this sort of done 80 I think it's every
single I don't know I didn't I'd have to
check yeah I could be wrong I mean
listen you shotgun him in the face
that's he did fine you did fine there
uno lyrium car yeah illyrian road
warrior yep yes road warrior nice dark
night dark night I'm still going with my
selections though over any of these
Empire no no if the question is which is
a better at which is an improvement over
the previous one the most improvement
that's a different question entirely
then it's still evil then too but it's
still evil then yes yes ultimately yeah
a complete moot point because it's all
it's all evil dead too you know like
yeah so that's the question is what
takes the original material and makes it
better or what continues the story and
does an equal or better job those are
two different criteria because you know
with Evil Dead 2 you can't you can't say
it continues the story and doesn't equal
a better job it just does a better job
than the first one tells a different
type of it tells exactly it's a it's a
whole different thing but then if you
say like oh it continues the story and
it keeps going well then it's Empire
mm-hmm and then it's you know then it's
all Empire
let's see here gobbledygook the only
horror sequel to ever win best picture
is Silence of the Lambs
you guys value awards right and did you
know that the 2011 the 2011 MMO
PC gamer award went to DC Universe
Online and it's free you fucks
Oh what award who gave us award and why
do I care what they think people gave
them the power PC gamer gave out an
award for the best multiplayer
multiplayer AMA gives them the authority
to say what's the best anything they're
the best and the best of the best the
best the best best best we don't have
time to play DC online universe
gobbledygook for playing ex-con to
shadow extent II would like to point out
Kill Bill part to kill bill cut party
was great what's going on what is going
on I don't know he doesn't he's not he's
not going in over on she's not in
England no he isn't over watch the why
isn't the turn ending is there anyone
else to go no there was no one else to
go no that's weird
Kill Bill doesn't really count because
they're kind of you know they're lumped
in together so Kill Bill part 1 & 2 are
you know this yeah Kill Bill part 2 was
made with the first split and editing
not produced separately so Kill Bill
part 1 & 2 are great but doesn't count
semantics maybe oh the VIP didn't move
oh that's why that's why you couldn't
into turn
well that makes sense though they do you
want to say Jack I want to do two nala
acknowledge that the chat was correct
yeah does that not make Kill Bill 2 the
perfect sequel well but it's not
technically I know it's is it a sequel a
sequel do you can you cut the Godfather
at half and call that the Godfather one
and two right and then the Godfather you
know one point two is the sequel and
it's a great sequel it's really closed
up that story it's a split movie is what
it is
right when we I think when we talk about
sequel we're talking about things that
were you know made after the fact
to define sequel gutter stars says stuck
sick at home thanks for giving me
something to look forward to
well you're welcome gutter stars glad we
could give you some entertainment while
you're stuck sick at home tis the season
for sickness
Jebus know I had no choice
oh yeah what happens if I run out of
time that's never happened to be in oh
well I think we're gonna find out
you only have one turn left
just have her run for it and you
probably could who doesn't have a
grenade you don't have a grenade all
right you're doing this and you're gonna
miss this this 85% shot 88% shot I know
I know you're gonna miss that 88% shot
guess this is XCOM oh oh hey hey Galaga
says you lose if you run out of turns
you lose that you lose if you run out of
time well I just have to get her over
here maybe let's find out
oh no one of the things is extract all
XCOM soldiers how many people can you
get over there do it do it don't tell me
what to do jack okay don't tell me what
to do okay
54% oh my god hey take that shit fuck
yeah you can extract after using both
action points is what is what Kevin is
saying oh well it's a bit late for that
hopefully the mission will end if I kill
everybody
we'll see yeah cuz sometimes they bring
in extra reinforcement why they get to
learn Thor I get to learn
nice-nice Thord
I might lose all these people but I just
wanna see what happens okay yeah no
that's fine that's fine that's gonna be
pissed if you get everybody killed
McHale they're gonna be super pissed oh
hey so you did it for killing everybody
yeah you killed everyone and did it well
there you go
suck it mission objectives well we're
not playing by your rules make sense
once everybody's dead you have all the
time in the world to leave well but they
said Advent is sending reinforcements
that's what I'm saying
they're like Advent is ending reversions
get out of here by this time or else
you're totally fucked or just kill
everyone whatever successful shot
percentage jack by the way that's that's
even news to Kevin
hundred percent successful shot
percentage not even Kevin who works at
fire axis knew that killing everyone
though is a win there you know why cuz
I'm the fucking ex-con master I said me
Deb you fucking game don't have rich dev
your game he doesn't know anything about
game development don't do it don't do it
Kevin you got well you got your VIP out
all the best soldiers name Kevin
that's so weird names just ridiculously
high it makes the game way too easy
so weird ah commander let's see here uh
I've on mage hi I emailed you jack on
seeing if you got a package to rlm for
perks oh no look at this so much for
flawless so much for flawless Kevin
here's
if you look here on the screen all these
all these red marks if the entire team
is captured if the entire team is
captured I don't think that's a flawless
eye I don't think you did your math
right on the end there
holy crap yeah just lost everybody I
will say what I think the time limits
need to be more forgiving yes I agree
well there's a mod apparently that gets
rid of them entirely I don't want to get
rid of them right I just think it needs
to be tweaked I agree four or five more
terms that would have been nice this
would have been nice
no it'd have been nice it's forcing you
to rush and be stupid what we were
talking about this earlier it goes along
with the theme yeah because in in X come
to the the theme is that you are now the
resistance you are the rebels you don't
have all the time in the world you need
to guerrilla make a relapse jump in
shoot the guys jump out right and so
it's it's trying to push it's trying to
make you feel like that like you are a
guerrilla op in an unknown city the only
problem is it's a little unforgiving my
biggest thing right there is that should
not have been a flawless victory if
every single one of your soldiers got
captured can they be rescued can they be
rescued Kevin can they be rescued and
you get to keep all the items your guys
picked up I didn't get a scientist out
someone got out it was a scientist the
scientists didn't pick up the thingy
your soldier picked up the thingy oh yes
they can be rescued okay how do we
rescue them let's do that you'll get
risk okay you'll get rescue missions
okay all right I like that I like that
okay that's exciting it sounds exciting
isn't it to go rescue the chat
yeah pay more attention the story when I
played alone oh that you know what
blueberry you got it right there the
time limit should start after you break
stealth probably there's no good reason
for there to be a time limit on extra
troops coming a big story wise depending
upon what the time limit is for sure
before the bomb goes off it's not gonna
matter the bombs not gonna patiently
wait until you pop out of stuff the bomb
just says well I don't see any enemies
so I'm not going to explode in general I
wouldn't even take much just a few more
terms but they've really cut it to the
bone
yeah but we know if you're full of joy
we know there's a mob that will just
take the time limits out altogether but
we you know again we're playing we're
playing the game you want to see what
the devs had in mind
yes modding is great modding is great
for tweaking after the fact but what did
the developers want us to play you know
you know what happened the first time I
played classic difficulty in the
original X know what I got my fucking
ass handed to me squad wives constantly
that's horrible and then I learned how
to play the game better and I discovered
I really liked classic difficulty maybe
maybe the same will happen with the term
limits that could be turn turn limits
that could be but I am conditioned not
to - yeah yeah cuz you don't like
dashing and XCOM and they you're you
know you and the original one the
original ish the second one which isn't
well actually the fourth one which is
now the new first one the reboot um the
reboot first - Shh very often and in
here with these time limits you kind of
have to a couple of times it just seems
like a great way to lose soldiers but I
guess you lose them anyway well you just
lost them yeah car 55 says hey Jack and
rich I have a possum staring at me
through the windows what do I do
I think I'm being mind-controlled by us
name it name it name it by a caller
fantastic pet you possums are the
grossest well make some clothes there
weird little giant rats with horrible
eyes and like big rat tails notice shoot
it with a gun people have pet rats rats
are cute compared to opossums possums
are gross well you're calling a possum a
giant cube rep as an insult a giant a
giant ugly rat a giant ugly rat oh there
is a mob to start the timer after
stealth has ended those fearful slugs
okay thank you fearful sludge boy I
think I would probably want that mod I'm
still playing on rookie so I'm not into
it but let us play let us play the
vanilla game first where are we after
yeah they hiss like snakes opossums so
they're giant rats that hiss at you this
little microf like a fly cough like oh I
spell don't shoot as opossums it like if
you have neighbors invest in you know
what you should invest in nice 22 rifle
that's great for for shooting vermin's
and then you don't need to worry about
like collateral damage because 22s don't
do too much damage
just enough to kill a vermin oh wow you
only have three soldiers available yep
you need to recruit need to recruit and
you don't have that many supplies to
recruit you like who you like you like
four-man team okay let me go alright so
these guys okay your turn jack I'm the
first person to say your turn jack
you're so creative when we do that
well I'm trying to capture you know
here's the when we name people it's fun
to name people but it takes away from
gameplay and I think people are here for
gameplay and so I want to make sure we
get to that gameplay Frisco Jones I saw
that oh I'm looking for your name Frisco
Jones Frisco Jones ok Frisco Jones you
get it um recruit more pimps for you
says finally saw space cop love it the
horse penis line made me spit out my
coke milk tell joseline for me that
she's very attractive
PS speaking of Evil Dead happy Ash
Wednesday also fury road fury road is a
great sequel I will I will do all those
things yeah we will do all those things
oh also anonymous says rich Evans Devon
your game works as well as rich Evans
starring in your movie so then it would
work very well but that wasn't the joke
the joke is rich wouldn't know what he's
doing when he's developing a game maybe
you don't understand that's fine oh we
have another one yeah did you name
Frisco Jones already yep okay let's um
okay here's an easy one what what is
space cops real name do you remember I
remember the name before he was named
space cop his original name yeah
his original name
subscriber or no it doesn't matter
doesn't matter I didn't say I didn't
specify Joshua
saucy air oh I know you're gonna name
face cuts no that's right no no no
you're right you're right to do this so
Sierra s a you see ier Holden Holden
McKee
great
oh um let's see here like lion brain
says knock knock who's there
no you said knock knock
I don't know I don't know what you want
me to do with that there's nothing you
can't do with my client brain I'm
waiting for in the chat to see if you
say anything who's that who's there you
know that's what uh so what are the
losing conditions the next County what
do you mean how do you lose the game
next come one if somebody country's
dropped out you just lost the game what
are the losing conditions for XCOM -
that's a good question yeah I have not
discovered them yet
let's see here Rhine Ville Rhine Veloz
a I'm in oh uh Magic the Gathering
artists who has RL m and prereq vids on
often when I work
thanks for the streams the videos and
space cop a bad dummy's rule that's
right they do especially when they're
small bearded children well again you
think thank you for watching but I have
not crash since we're not kicked it down
to medium I think that might have been
ever that could have been it okay so
rich knock knock who's there
the interrupting are LM fan the
interrupting our alum fan who now we
have to wait Kevin says the Avatar
project and some Misha's some missions
are game ending okay have you gotten to
the Avatar project yeah which isn't that
far in I'm uh for anyone who knows the
Avatar project I am riding that line
between okay I I fucked myself with some
of my base upgrades I learned a lesson
and that lesson is I'm gonna lose the
game
I did not upgrade the right base thing
first yep
there's a there's a thing to upgrade in
your
Ace that lets you go to more places on
the map and I didn't choose to upgrade
that I made a mistake it might not be
too late jack
it might not be oh we have our guerrilla
tactics cool nice but I need another
engineer
you're available I need two engineers to
clear out a thing no you just need one
she's available
all right so I should be able to clear
the debris well no so open engineer
required you need to choose the engine
hours it doesn't make sense yeah
now you can click okay here's the full
knock-knock joke yeah
knock knock who's there the interrupting
rlm fan the intern wins the next player
review you hack tomorrow tomorrow I
don't know anyone you don't realize it
I've got all the information you want
tomorrow when it's that no you know what
I like why I do like this train
rookies as a specific class yes I
fucking love that anybody can do it it's
first things first I need someone size
up dance oh no shit
god dammit why didn't need sergeant you
need a surgeon to surgeon you need a
sergeant you know letting everybody get
captured in hindsight not the best move
not the best you learn you experiment I
could have listened to what people were
actually telling me no sometimes you
need to fail on your own I was curious
if clearing the map would be good enough
mm-hmm it's and by the way it looked
like it was right a bit on that very
last moment it did when none of your
soldiers got off you can explain hey
where are all my soldiers I won where
Dale go fucking impatient pilot one one
one third one they beat in a minute
maybe even a fucking minute and one was
dead I got my order I got my orders
ah you know there are many this is not
gonna be pretty
this is in general instant general no
it's not going to be pretty bow okay you
know it is I think
XCOM seems to me like a game that you
are meant to play over and over again
you know it's it's not just the game
where you know oh I beat the story and
everyone I know you know so failure is
built into that equation how many hours
do I have in the other one hey I think
what you're you're nine hundred and
ninety three hours is how much you have
original X go yeah if I'm not mistaken
you can't tell I love that game and
that's true Jigga laga 35 says you guys
the chat has fucked us before them in
past games they've given us bad this is
more I kind of had a feeling bad things
would happen but it was one of those
things where I want to see yeah I want
to see know what happened what's the
consequence I need to see we learned
through experimentation yeah this is
gonna end well you got all rookies
rookies all rookies oh yeah yeah that's
gonna be great it's gonna be fucking
great Jack I can't wait I can't fucking
wait oh look at all these fresh faces oh
look at all these corpses what do you
guys see a Gore dog future corpses
suture
so yeah you measured all the coffins
right you got over often let's take your
measurements before you leave it's
already wearing armor I just it's for
this later armor it's for paperwork what
tip did I skip over who did what
whose tip did I skip over hold on I'm
coming
who did I said love space crab horse
penis
Oh Lord bellman yeah you're right uh
what Dawn of the Dead is a sequel yeah
that's a legendary horror sequel
have you seen sergey oreo one of the
best movies of 2015 i can't even
pronounce it so nope but Donna the dead
that's that's a really good art there's
a really good argument to be made Oh
already activated well that's just great
no timer on this love on this level
though so take your time I like that
yeah cuz cuz Night of the Living Dead
was fucking classic this shut nice shot
wedge I like that doctor fector
the cost to recruit new people is high
mostly because it includes the
pre-purchase of diamond studded coffins
for every soldier you get this fancy new
coffin to go with them

[Part III]
go with them there's a sort of timer on
these missions
what do you mean Kevin people dying I'm
assuming what is this 100 that's right
that's right this one yes
yeah you can't let you you can't let sir
so many people get killed and I love
that I love that people start dying
before you can even come close to
reaching them so fucker people are gonna
die man fuckers gonna die
it's the Wars of war yeah I love that
the Anna dou says don't use half cover
it's stupid well there's not much in the
way of full cover what do you want me to
fucking do would you rather have no
cover come on man
think about it this is something I
haven't heard yet are these truly Kevin
are these truly procedurally generated
maps I know I know they couldn't do that
for the first one this mission looks
very different than when I did it I will
tell you that doesn't mean was not a set
number of maps you just didn't get the
same one for this sure so I've heard
people saying they're because I I wanted
XCOM to to be as much of a surprise as
possible yeah I I deliberately didn't
like read every bit of information as it
became available I wanted to discover
this game sure sure so I didn't I didn't
hear I didn't I didn't hear any of this
news is probably breaking so I don't
know if these are procedurally generated
or not okay and if they are cool on the
other hand and can't find good cover
while we wait for Kevin to respond to me
clack and says Jack do you find that
your gaming ability improves while
drinking or no do you enjoy some genres
more no across the board I become a
worse and worst gamer as I drink because
I stopped caring about the game I'm just
drinking you know most mostly because I
get tired too when I drink now cuz I'm
old I'm an old man so when I drink I
just get sleepy so I don't care this
game wants me to - I can't stand it -
thing goes against everything I've
learned about XCOM right everything
they're saying it's pseudo procedurally
generated not completely random but
that's not from that's not from the
source okay
we're waiting for the source they're
constructed oh this sounds right
they're constructed out of a series of
quilt-like pieces the same way original
ex-con made them basically okay oh okay
well in here's from Kevin here's from
the source
they are procedurally generated there's
definitely a more complex answer okay
but he's saying yes procedurally
generated that is from and I keep
calling a fire axis but I think I saw
you correct me before it's Firaxis
that's good because I played you know
the originals so much I couldn't help
but to get just familiar with the maps
right and you know where the best spots
to hide out are right and then take some
of the fun out of it yeah it does yeah
okay Firaxis sorry I keep calling a fire
axes I don't think we're alone out here
well duh yes why everyone's getting shot
Oh rich from the off switch rich how
much for rich to do an impression of
someone who can play X come to for the
rest of the stream above boom I just he
just just thanks for space got by the
way says the office way thank you
yeah I thought it was funny but yeah
that is oh and of course they all have
full cover oh great
Oh Kevin says we talked about how the
maps are constructed in our packs south
panel Kevin is that video available
anywhere if you have a link to that
video if you could post it in the in the
in the chat here actually that would be
an interesting watch I don't know if
they record panels oh they all have
great cover oh fuck you taking the shot
well the better than it better better
than better than nothing yeah I don't
have anybody close enough to do much
else
you can do it you probably have line of
sight on shit oh you can see somebody
here you can miss this shot or not hey
that's wait that's why you take a chance
sometimes all right what was your
percentage of now 25 20 20 you took a
25% shot over what she was behind good
cover I could hunker down but then he
would just shoot at one of the people
behind weak recover and kill them
instead and see I would and you know
obviously I'm not the tactical mind you
are I probably would have over watched
it hoping that they would move positions
to fire me the fire at me they don't
always have to move though because
they're behind good cover mm-hmm they
don't have they don't have the incentive
to get out of there sure you're Kevin I
guess I said yeah the new sectoid
they're certainly more threatening yeah
than the original but just just visually
I really miss the old SEC ties a little
you like the goofy little you know mouth
they are missed yeah well you can't have
the same aliens why did you decide to
Kevin I don't know how much you know
about these things but why was the
decision made to change the design in
the sectaries cuz they were pretty
iconic I think I think you can't enemy
unknown you can't have the same alien in
this this is what I equal man things
gotta be bigger better stronger harder
faster
oh yeah like like that those other Mario
games that didn't have goombas yeah you
know this is probably a bad wait Mario 2
didn't have goombas oh but three and
world and just just wait till X go three
they'll bring a sec - its giggling Allah
says forgot to mention saw space cop
when it came out - Julie loved it
especially with the commentary someone
mentioned it they have a ton of stories
from production that haven't shared yet
care to share any love to hear them oh
there's gonna be so much there's nothing
I can think of right now but I'm a
little bit
tracted yeah all right how do we deal
with a situation this is a situation
Jack there's a situation there's a
situation cinnamon we do I was thinking
about that about having asking Kevin to
Skype in with us we need to figure out
how both rich and I could hear him
because when the when the strafe guy
Skyped in rich and I were already
skyping so well you know we could just
have him join that call so we could both
hear but I haven't quite figured out how
to make it so both rich and I could hear
him and you guys could hear him I'm
working on that I'm working on that
because we have some people that we want
to talk to in general but I'm sure this
won't be the last time we play X come -
so Kevin if you're if you're open we'd
love to chat with you it's jig AG jig
Gallagher
jiggle AG basically I think what we
would need to do actually it might be it
might be simpler than then I'm imagining
we just need a headphone splitter both
rich and I would be needing to wear
headphones but then it and then we'd
have to have Skype on this and then this
into yeah we could we could do it won't
work on so we'll work on something we
will call it yeah I'll tweet your Kevin
I'll tweet you
I'll have him Skype in on the laptop
that I'm on and then send the audio from
the laptop shut you fucker make that
shot
no to the h6 so all of our audio will be
in sync and then if both rich and I wear
headphones from the h6 we can hear Kevin
we won't be able to like listen
to the game yeah but you know we could
do it one headphone like one headphone
listen to Kevin one Advil
yeah okay we can do this I'd love to do
the stream in person first of all you're
not from Milwaukee are you do you live
in Milwaukee we can subsidize your bus
fare
$10 is Greyhound the best what's what's
under Greyhound almost the best the best
I know I bother my audio path will be
weird shit but we have to
we'd have to cable him into our age 60
Oh we'll be delayed and so you'd hear us
like answer him like five seconds after
he said itself hey Jack what does rich
think about jetpacks or Mexican one
I almost never used them yeah yeah no
well there you go I want Kevin did you
did you find the the link to your packs
south talk on level generation I haven't
seen I have to figure out an excuse to
go to Wisconsin there's you know right
now there's not much wait till summer
come for Summerfest and then come see us
alright alright Wow oh not pretty
mop who's still alive everybody okay a
lot of are a lot of civilians dead yeah
Oh someone already linked to it oh great
thank you thank you check out I just
want to make sure I got that boom boom
boom okay great I got it open thank you
thank you
boss Reds boss Red Sox boss Red Sox
shared the link I'm gonna watch that
later Richard's gonna watch it later
really yeah right now I got to figure
out how the fuck I'm dealing with this
goddamn sectoid
that's what's going on right now
Secretary's got a got a guy under mind
control
have you not saved any civilians ya know
Jesus
well my focus has been not dying well no
no I get it I get it I got wookies I
know I forgot by the way that you never
you have a crew of all rookies well
there's a civilian there you go
oh oh wait oh wait rich it's a faceless
look at that thing Richie Rich is not
happy about a faceless I love the
faceless look at him look at he's a big
pile of goop he's a big pile of goop
that's gonna kill all your rookies that
group pile man it's like a jack you can
do this rich use your the commander use
your superior tactics what can you go
look at him he can't go anywhere safe
look at big pile of goop probably it's
probably gonna die anyway may as well
all got 84 oh he's my favorite it's been
an eye I see someone asking about
whether or not the the turn based or the
turn limit has made it harder for a rich
to act strategically it's yeah yeah at
least have a strategy I'm used to right
it throws out all of my old
XCOM knowledge this is the you know the
good thing and the bad thing right is is
rich has so much time in XCOM one that
that's how he thinks and
okay yeah I'm gonna guess somebody's
gonna get fucked by that other guy sure
you can seduce the faceless what sir I
don't think you can seduce anybody
you have to know actually the really
neat thing about ex-con - is it turns
into a dancing minigame and then you
have to like strategically press the
right dance moves and seduce the
faceless doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
I hate you right now me I hate you yeah
that's fine that's fine like I actually
hate you
I want to faceless dating sin absolutely
the white guy warning I know all up in
here oh no everybody's just gonna die
well you know that happens that happens
3:03 why the voice why is she gonna do
man
take this stick out of her hair throw
the stick she's all she's got three it's
all she's got man nothing you can do
about him
you think you well you better do five
damage everyone's dead critical host Ted
neutralized how many are left
I wanted people you got three it's gonna
be too soon because I'm gonna get
flanked and murdered by this guy I see I
see
oh no no no no you got this I'm I'm like
Captain Kirk Jack I take it I take an
impossible situation
uh-huh and I give myself a chance
because I am the ex-con master that was
pretty good that's pretty good those who
love some fucking rookies this fucking
rookie jack that's pretty good that's
pretty good
all right hey everybody it's been in
about an hour stand up stand up and
celebrate riches Victor how many people
did you save you rescued eight civilian
congratulations
pretty good I'm gonna stand up I am
gonna take a bathroom break know what
it's probably been three years since
I've had an ex-con situation that tense
that's it what what else
in a review do you need was that was
that a satisfying way yeah yeah so at
this point I feel bad when I have anyone
dying sure this is a new ball game this
is a new ball game
yeah boom rich is filled with
determination absolutely
okay now everybody stand up it's been
about an hour I'm gonna I'm gonna stand
up and yeah I'll be back
stand up everybody
you know what I'm gonna stretch to I
needed I've earned a stretch lunge
lunging
that's the key the key is the lunge ah
that's my head speaking in taking a
little intermission little lunging
intermission stretch those hammies the
clogs the quads and the hams stretch
them all I'm just gonna I'm gonna just
chat at you while we while wait for rich
to come back
okay take that one that we like I'm
gonna go write something back
I have no idea where Jacqueline
all right let's continue on here
yeah yeah you think we're getting thin
on manpower is that a thing you think oh
wow all right soldiers two more that's
the situation I'm a map
where where the hell did you go
where the hell did you go oh my god I
had a lot of urine in my blood on her so
you pulled a witness I mean I had a guy
at a coffee and I had that big bottle of
water
could you get Len calves in ski to
replace Jack on prereq the next time
he's in town I don't think he plays
games much I love all those I love all
the little scenes of him dissecting the
guys well this is sure interesting it
smells terrible though oh we didn't we
didn't name some people I think the one
that died was not a named person oh so
what's the temp where we are on our way
over here it was 14 degrees this morning
it was nine it was nine degrees it's
very cold
first person with a pizza roll tell me
who my favorite XCOM enemy unknown enemy
unit is and I think you know I've
mentioned it okay
Pizza roll favorite XCOM enemy unknown
I've mentioned it down the stream a
couple times a few times
boom waffle tale says thinman waffle
tale waffle tale oh sorry I have a major
I get I get confused I didn't finish us
tonight if a creep email was sent it
wasn't me I hope not
gifts are okay also see you start XCOM
in the morning see you start extremities
see you start extra in the morning would
say hi if it wasn't would interior
Annoying see you start X cam in the
morning oh yeah no I mean if I'm ever on
Steam say hi but I'm chat with me people
do it all the time you know obviously if
if I don't respond I'm in the middle of
playing something or whatever don't
worry about it oh yeah you sent
something in the mail I don't I don't
check the mail here did you get any any
unusual or interesting fan mail recently
no there's a okay yep let's see here
mokey says some XCOM 2 tips 1 if enemy
is on the roof blow up the roof and have
them fall to their doom
this has explodable roofs rich this
changes my whole go on the roof strategy
I've never been favor of that strategy
let's see here to promote those Rangers
with +2 extra damage and research with
+2 extra damage and research stun Advent
troopers to get arc blade 911 slash
damage ooh
I have an arc blade if you promote the
Rangers with if you promote the Rangers
you get 2 extra damage and then if you
research stun Advent troopers you can
get the arc blade which does a 9 to 11
slash damage nice that's pretty hot
it's pretty shotgun people in the face I
want running gun yeah well you can do
that whatever later a perk no no I
missed my running gun I want to shoot
them in the face
you can shoot them in the face now with
a shock this is ex-con I'm not playing a
role playing game this isn't a fantasy
role-playing game this isn't the time
for sword this is a sign for Thorin no
fourth no you can check out I want this
I want to stick a shotgun right under
their nose Jack uh-huh and then I want
to pull the trigger right under their
nose I kind of like flashes all I want
to do I like flashing them with Myford
we have more rookies okay we have fresh
meat yeah rookie meats hmm and I
definitely don't have that sergeant now
to upgrade a squad side size so it's
going great
we're doing great so great right and see
what our promotions where we got a
sniper we have a sniper that's good
hi Jack I'm hacking a turnable and got a
pre I got a permanently +22 hacking
start with a 97 percent probability Wow
I need to hack more things what do they
get they got that plus 22 hacking
forever forever yeah what was the odds
to get that 97% 97 to get that's what
they said Wow
I got a hack more things look at that
guy who was that Allison over alejandro
alejandro hey my t-shirt spreadsheet and
is still going strong
I keep it up to date I try to keep it up
to date
oh I research that radio tower what do I
do with the radio tower Jack what do we
know where are you what do you mean
where am i I'm in this room instead of
sitting next to you
researchers this oh so when after they
clear out the facility yeah then you
build a radio thing in here well you can
so the radio towers expand your network
of where you can do missions and one of
the options for a room you can build you
already have the guerrilla tactics cool
right yeah one of the options will be a
radio expander so you can go further out
cuz right now you can only go to three
locations yeah
but you might be able to go to a new
location if you're headed to your world
I head to the world map yeah so you only
have two out of three contacts so if you
want you could well you're going to a
Supply Drop well it's the area I need to
go to a not here right well no see
that's in the separate area oh let's say
like make a contact you could you might
also be able to go to like a different
place and make up oh yeah my contact up
there yeah yeah which is fine I always
have the weakest aspect of the first one
was the strategic lair oh sure
where's your other base
commander autopsies are magnetic weapons
you know I I didn't do magnetic weapons
I didn't do him until later and he's on
great you have to buy him though yeah
it's like supplies supplies runs short
you need to be able to kill things
efficiently to be successful in Xcode
supplies are in short and people die
people die because you suck at the game
that's why right now I'm not that's not
saying anything you know that you're bad
prepared to be but the goal is that
people don't die and part of what makes
them not dying
uh-huh is having better equipment that's
that's most likely true wood wood richer
I ever consider playing a game like
hearts of iron I don't even know what
that is yeah how can I answer that when
I don't know what hurts of violence yeah
like a Bronze Age dating sim yes I see
dr. tagging is the blackjack agreed not
to be confused with Jack Black who
doesn't look anything like either of us
uh Nikolas says hey guys I was concerned
and just checking in Jack do you have
enough eggs at home no I'm getting eggs
I don't I have one egg left in my house
and that is not enough eggs I need eggs
and I need Gatorade I'm gonna go
shopping tonight for eggs but thank you
for checking in I was gonna do that
anyway but thank you for reminding me
also do you guys have a long commute
already live fairly close to the rlm
studio and I close not far
please we sleep here we sleep here most
of the time wasting their time
eggs calm that's right eggs come mochi
says you get run-and-gun as an option
after for promotions for rain hey I've
heard that I've heard that I don't know
I want to shoot someone in the face now
sorry yeah yeah mr. Beebe's the best
form of cooked eggs is two that's two
separate questions it depends on what
you're going for you looking for you
looking for straight up protein you get
hard-boiled then you waste none of the
eggs and it doesn't take it doesn't take
a lot to do it you know put eggs in
water boil the water as soon as it's
boiling take it off the heat and cover
it let it sit for 12 minutes boom you
have perfectly cooked hard-boiled eggs
but you know you want it you want
something else
scrambled scrambled is is the best way
to have eggs oh is that your third area
why is it open an area up here it says
you have oh oh yeah that's up this is a
mission special mission area sure you
could go to New Mexico or you could go
across alright good I could go for
supplies well oh I'm just saying like
for as far as new areas are concerned
poached poached can be good I mean uh
overeasy is always good poached like for
an eggs benedict that that's pretty
great
like I'm looks fine but like an omelette
to me is just a sloppy sloppy scrambled
eggs like I'm what's our to rubbery good
scrambled eggs are smooth and creamy and
buttery just make a scramble with those
I'd much rather have that but you know
usually for me just hard-boiled it's the
easiest way to do it
eggs are the most delicious thing the
real question is runny or salad egg well
you know for hard-boiled this salad but
anything other than then hard-boiled
your runny egg yolks all over the place
all the time oh I need more supplies
aren't you on a supply run right now I
think I just did one I'm so bad off oh
you did yeah you fact like I kind of
fucked myself for the sake of
experimentation maybe wasn't the
brightest move in hindsight that's fine
let's do it look at this fine it's fine
you're leaving your supplies to go on
another supply run come on man get your
shit together shoot things all right who
do you get okay you gotta you got a
heavy weapons guy and that's it oh you
got sniper - okay all your other people
are in sniper was named right that was
who's this first cars go Jones yeah okay
yeah Frisco you got saucier all right um
you just want to pick somebody just look
and pick somebody fuck it I don't care a
name we haven't seen before
give us some fresh blood how about JJ
cheek er that sounds fine JJ chica is a
subscriber okay I've never seen JJ
cheekers name on any one like just JJ or
JYJ a wine just JJ y j JJ JJ letters
okay I'm cheek er CH AE k ER cheek er
okay boom boom
and one more please I think this wasn't
somebody was it John Thomas hey if it
was they have a generic using better
twitch username in John Thompson John
Thompson first name um great mantis
great great mantis said me and I just
looked down and saw that great mantis
great me there we go alright boom
fresh meat fresh meat waitin well
tonight everyone is the resistance we
don't have any resources when we make do
with what we have okay whoops is a
resource hey Jack you sent me hearts of
iron over steam okay great I will look
into it I will look into it um space cat
space cop dog hard hey Jack how much
would I have to donate to get you where
a completely green shirt on the stream
nothing I should just do that that would
be funny we've talked about it yeah
we've talked about it we'll just do that
one of these times I mean donate if you
want but we're just gonna do that one of
these times how do you balance comedy
and just seeming unprofessional how do
you deal with people who don't
understand that's a joke that's the real
problem
idiot were green you're on can you
believe these idiots were green and then
green screened out they're green not
beer sparkling water
all right green face paint oh that's
what we should do is like paint half of
our face green so it's even creepier and
then just like green shirt and then half
of our face cream and so like we're we'd
be weird half face floating faces or we
could not do that are we gonna do that I
can't stand face makeup no sure I never
could
oh we could just wear green bandanas
right like Halloween when I was a kid
none of my costumes involved face makeup
it of any kind hmm-hmm-hmm-hmm that cool
motorcycle
I like blowing stuff like that up it's a
tricycle Jack don't you know the
difference between a motorcycle on a
tricycle it could be a three-wheeled
motorcycle motorcycle is just you know
up there that's a fair comment you know
container detonation in eight turn oh
there is there is rich yeah yeah they
always says you can get him you can get
him you can do it you can do it tell me
when they ain't is you is or is you
ain't my baby like that roof up there
yeah I would avoid that looks like
sitting up there sitting up there saying
man if you go up here no one will see
you
is everybody in the building no one I'll
see you up here there's nobody in the
building how do you know you got the
eyes in there what are those what are
those eyes mean when you're in the
building like you know it's got the
right eyes in there
does that just mean possible aliens in
there I'm not familiar with to yet I
know I don't know hey chat what are
those red eyes mean
motorcycle doesn't imply specific wheel
never I agree turrets are another reason
to avoid roofs you know Kevin I know I
know you you work there and you know
you've been around the development of
the game but you know I'm gonna trust my
own instincts here rubes are the way to
go yes okay there we go that's what I
need to know from the horse's mouth
Kevin up breaking a window or kicking
down a door will well oh that means an
alert yes all right
it will alert them because you'll have
to go through a window or open a door
okay thank you that's what I needed to
know are you getting on the roof yeah I
can't break the window getting on the
roof
heading to that location you have to
manually open the door to not alert them
okay cool thank you so you could go up
to the door manually open it and if no
one's in there you won't alert them
all right all right all right let's get
set
death from above here yes fuck yeah oh
wait I was in cover right how do they
see me there and a half cover what did I
do wrong is it I didn't see a red thing
there they moot well they moved I don't
know all right all right
I don't know but things happen you have
to deal with them okay toget location
the location oh look at that fucking
roof team roof yeah 100% shot when
you're on a roof I hate you that's so
much listen you know obviously rubes
aren't always the option aren't always
the best option but it just so happens
that being on a roof worked out for you
here so you know we can make that work
okay
we're gonna try and turn the camera oh
dude
QE q and e man also have you held down Z
no hold down Z nice I like it any more
buttons on my mouse you should do that
thing where you film your chin with
googly eyes oh that would be silly we
wouldn't um it'd be hard to play the
game then we'd be upside down I guess we
could turn the webcam upside down and
then you know I just put it close yeah
maybe a hundred percent Shou look at
that two to three huh - to 300 you're
with you're pissed yeah that's right cuz
you're a sniper yeah
I have to waste a grenade yeah oh I
suppose you only have six turns to get
where you're going
okay
you're right the magnetic pistol would
have blown is that off snipers are kind
of kind of nerfed in this because they
have to move you have to get them out at
the end of the turn so you can't leave
them back really anymore well here I
don't think you need to evacuate them
here you just need to neutralize all
enemy targets and recover genetic
sequencing data so there's no there's no
objective here to get all of your units
out so in this mission you can okay yeah
oh no definitely okay cuz it'll say that
like it'll be one of the mission
objectives to to evacuate all XCOM
soldiers so what I don't know why does
everyone expect me to know everything I
did okay
JJ ticker thanks for making my first sub
stream spectacular praise the Breen
welcome today I have no idea oh no oh no
no you have no idea what what makes the
stream spectacular I mean this is it
rich plain XCOM and chatting about
bullshit listen what else is there what
what else is there in life nothing no no
no no no hit the wrong button I hit the
wrong button god damn it oh I'm sorry
well he's dead yep Jack teaching rich
had X come to this is where I have a few
more hours and X come to so I've had
some chance to play some more chances to
play around this is all stuff that rich
would have learned I'm sure save
scumming huh I'm playing airman you're
playing an Ironman
nope yeah okay well yeah well fuck yeah
Oh double fucking double super Omega
fuck oh not the Omega fuck what are you
doing it's gotta be something horrible
what are you doing oh he's your
reanimating a court you had a flank shot
not that I'm complaining mr. sectoid man
but that's the thing I was like oh who I
thought he was gonna mind-control
someone on your team but um ow
oh well he stunned alright there's hope
okay oh hey blueberry I'm looking
forward to Deadpool I'm trying not to
get too excited about it because you
know you gotta keep your expectations in
check but I like Deadpool and I like
Ryan Reynolds so I am looking forward to
it in general
sectoid AI priority is always to revive
someone says mister bibs suck toys love
making zombies yeah
what who is then as that guy dying your
guy I hit the wrong button I love how he
cried open the door yeah no shit yeah
but you gotta you gotta neutralize all
enemy targets to oh I suppose dad yeah
well you have four turns i like the
square i want you fucking around move
into designated position do you think do
you think super hacks mate super hacks
quite great
I think Deadpool is going to be x-men
Cannon and I think they're already
they're already talking Deadpool 2
already got greenlit and and they're
also talking about an x-force movie if
that pool does well more r-rated x-men
stuff r-rated superhero stuff which you
know I'm okay with critical you need it
more you need more in it ana dos so how
come you never mention your high five
montage videos on the show in fact I
don't think I've ever seen you high-five
someone first of all I high-five rich
all the time so you just doesn't there
you go we just high-fived you got a free
one we've talked about it a few times
series of videos I've made called the
high-five montages I really enjoyed him
made him with my cousin Jake and my good
friend Bobby t-bob hurt and famous actor
Bob hurt
can I just saw ly want to do is give up
maybe is there give up
but you know it's come up before and
well we're done it is we're done this
oh now use this is fucked oh yeah see
this happens to me a lot where he just
get a black screen I don't know what
that means necessarily rich can't
restore one's progress in this mission
because he's playing Ironman yeah so he
cannot save scum if this were me well no
he's only down one I like the way I
always play it is for all practical
purposes I'm down to if I if I lose one
soldier yeah that's fine if I lose to my
fingers hovering over that escape key
and if I lose three saves go okay can I
call for an evac I can't even out of
this corner
neutralized all enemy targets yeah
that's not gonna happen
yep oh here's what they're saying yeah
well after you're done with this damage
damage so if seeing the top right corner
see the little helicopter oh you can you
do that at any time I think you can do
that in any time I think you can give up
I would have done that a while ago I
would have done I would have saved him
oh I'm very sorry shit
shit I would have gotten him out of
there - oh I'm so sorry I didn't know
not Bob turd Bobby Turton Bob curtain
turtle you know why I didn't notice why
in the tutorial that was like bright
green yeah and I was looking for a
bright green sure sure
maybe I'll get insanely lucky oh did you
get insanely lucky I gotta solve this
melee from the right which isn't going
to happen
oh now my exits I think blocked so I'm
pretty fucked a no dos I'm giving you a
shout-out
there you go mr. Pibbs that's not true
mr. Beebe says if you skip five turns in
a row without doing anything
the aliens die of human diseases and you
get the triforce and play as Luigi oh
did you
there's hope there's hope it's hope
bizarrely I got to survive probably a
couple overwatch shots
Oh
oh my god terton Bob Turton is a good
friend of mine and appeared in my high
five videos Oh God
and he's acted in a bunch of stuff and I
like him in general
are you just trapped I'm just trapped
why are you trapped the side of this
thing blew open I can't get out there
are you shitting me
really oh you can't leave the side of
the van oh oh sorry
Joshua's se air um Josh Josh gave us a
tip saying put this towards a tombstone
for my heavy that bravely reads lol fuck
my cock sorry desperate punkin I did not
miss your tip there's no tip from you is
Bob Curtin the goofy mustache guy no
that is that is Tim Higgins who appears
in a different montage video of mine oh
you didn't need the alien to make you
panicked wait maybe he'll run Oh No Oh
maybe he'll run to the evac site if you
want to go home run to the evac site Tim
Higgins who appears in different montage
videos of mine is the goofy moustache
one Bob Curtin is the guy that wears the
aviator sunglasses in the high-five
montage videos just all different
montage videos
if this guy makes it out oh maybe it'll
be fucking amazing maybe and a victory
in and of itself
oh he's burning now not only is he
daddy's corpses amazing I can't can't
remember the last time I lost this many
troops it
XCOM I I'm sorry I should have told you
earlier about the whole well I guess he
still would have died cuz he was trapped
yeah but now I was looking for the
because the tutorial it was bright green
stops looking for a bright green icon
I'm sorry yeah no no like well maybe I
can't do this mission I wonder what I
can do it this that's something I have
to upgrade to who's one of us thinking
you got some loot that I mean I like it
super helps button
yeah I know we're taking heavy losses I
know fake Bradford I know it's Bradford
it's been confirmed that's Bradford it's
supposed to be Bradford Meade
technically I think this voice actors
doing a better job but the old Bradford
was just so so wonderfully cheesy
cornball not a military man commander I
need you to military for me please I'm
mr. military and that's what I do that's
right at least no one was wounded rich
somebody did so many dead
sort of like old Bradford aspirin too
much money he wanted some of that fat
XCOM cash last time I got $50 I want 75
damn it and 4x this was like whoa we can
replace you with a hobo man we're
actually gonna give this hobo 75 dollars
out of spite commander
oh hello commander force under strength
it's nothing I could use one of those
rescue missions right about now can I
have a rescue mission
oh it's fine this is learning this is
learning process what's what extremely
extremely slow and painful loading
learning process what do we do and we
fold
oh I've got a specialist I gotta get the
laser that later that robot can go
attack
she'll be dead far before them because I
don't have any better soldiers that can
keep her alive and you can't recruit too
many soldiers because it costs 25 bucks
a recruit and you need that money for
other shit
a repeater that sounds fine yeah
fortunately the firepower anyway it's
only 5% but I'll take it
I had a nice my sniper I gave I gave my
sniper rifle a hair-trigger
which has a 10% chance of not costing
any action points to fire and I had a
great shot it was it was a 77% chance
shot and I missed it but then the
hair-trigger for yeah it's like a second
chance at it nailed it the second time
yeah what's 10 percent of 77 cuz I just
got it did you ever play the original
dass XCOM game yes yes you did
ok rich did I do not it's a good game it
gets later problem with it is the later
game it gets very micromanage II okay in
my opinion wasn't played right I talk
about this once before how I discovered
the original this the original X come
yeah cuz originally on a 5-7 years
however long ago was they were going to
reboot XCOM Wow and it was the a game it
eventually became XCOM the Bureau which
is like a shooter but they're gonna turn
X comedy like it was just a straight-up
shooter with some researching aspects
but the gameplay was gonna be a shooter
yeah
and obviously the the fan base of ex-con
was kind of really pissed off about that
hmm and I had never played an ex-con
before but I heard about the fan
outraged and I I sympathized I got I got
I got I can understand the rage and
something they loved being dumbed down
yeah cuz this you know this is an era
when it you know it from my point of
view
gamings been dumbed down since then it's
been years since there's been a good
space flight sim you know adventure
genre is just dead oh yeah they you know
they haven't made a great forex game and
forever I get it
but I've never played the original XCOM
but I sympathize and that actually made
me look into the classic game oh okay so
I only I only discovered XCOM F
the shitty attempt at a reboot and then
it was it was really fortunate it's like
it's just a year or two after that they
and I'm sent to be unknown oh look
they're doing it right oh nice so the
bad ex-con made me a fan just in time
for the great ex Kevin who just left
from Firaxis
I wanted to let us know that the voice
actor for the original Bradford is the
guy in the gray shirt in a Geico in the
Geico commercial I thought it was funny
in this Geico commercial huh did he oh
here he linked to it turn the shit off
can you tell me what old Bradford hold
on
little okay so this is Bradford gray
shirt
this guy I don't know that one that's a
very short commercial well that's not
the whole commercial yeah that's just a
clip yeah
okay good I know that guy you know I
know that commercial Thanks okay cool
Kevin linked it to it earlier I don't
know that I can pull this game out Jack
I think this is pretty fucked yeah yeah
okay pretty fox well yeah yeah yeah you
done you're done fucked you've done
fucked
I don't fucked up good you done fucked
up well I got two specialists oh I like
this ex-cons way Sam fuck you I said you
want to start over rich is that what
you're saying yeah we wouldn't we
wouldn't when do we start at 7:45 it's
almost three hours the fuck on the night
you want to be a dummy thanks cam yeah
okay sure all right sure all right you
know you wanted it you wanted two
dragons how long ago - wicked dragons
for an elevation yeah I mean if you're
doing if you're cool yeah I need to get
better yeah you did yeah I need to learn
like like like that X traction thing I
would have used it a lot sooner
I learned well that's that's what that's
what it's all about that's what it's all
about rich so do you want to dragons or
do you just want to call it what are you
what are you how do you feel do you or
do you want to go home and get good at
this I don't know they want you to get
good
yeah mr. glitch we will do another space
we're gonna do police quest - next
definitely well not one of these times
well some are saying I get good dragon
get good I'll get good involves me going
home right and and and relaxing
meditating and dragon they want me to
play X come Oh God that's I mean listen
I'm still working it out not stream
Super Smash Brothers
oh I haven't we haven't streams oh my
god there's so much stuff to stream
there's so much stuff to stream guys
just talk you just wants to talk
dragons dragons the witness play the
deadly tower of monsters yeah I saw that
one that's cute okay good it and get
good at dragons they're saying lots of
stuff they're saying lots of stuff here
rich
dude did it uh-oh I do I really want to
play Firewatch I'm looking forward to
playing Firewatch I've heard nothing but
good things about it
not tonight but soon Chetty and no I do
I do

[Part IV]
dude oh I do I really want to play
Firewatch I'm looking forward to playing
Firewatch I've heard nothing but good
things about it not tonight but soon
Chetty and no I do I do
Ritchie's gonna dragons for a little bit
Dragon's Dogma dragons Derek arisen
update great yes the game made of many
bad parts but still overall good yeah
I've been playing this a lot actually
yeah yeah I know that about you
you were you were hesitant to look look
it's your own and actually yeah look at
him here's a better look that's your
main slave yeah nice
all right plus y is what am I got going
on here have we straight no you know
what we've never streamed this we rich
and I started playing this as a first
four hours of it was a little bit too
interesting yeah and and we started to
get into it
we specifically after we climbed our
first Cyclops and started stabbing it in
the back of the fucking neck we realized
that this game might have a little
something to it so we switched from the
first four hours up to a full discussion
but uh no actually I don't think we've
ever streamed this this is Dragon's
Dogma the dark no residue what I'm gonna
change my class then we're gonna fight a
dragon let's go fight a dragon that
sounds fun let's go fight a dragon
something breaking up my my Strider
but I'm gonna fight a dragon I want my
ice sword oh sure sure no the the next
prereq is gonna be X come to da because
Donnell because it's X count to I think
I think Firewatch is just one that I'll
probably want to stream but right now
I'm in full X come to mode the only
thing I've been playing besides X come
to has been a crypt of the necrodancer
on my Vita and I'll be honest with you
that that is calling to me it's calling
to me a little bit more the next time -
just because it's crypt of the
necrodancer and it's great I forgot how
good those songs were there is no type
of witness review coming mostly because
we got busy with other stuff and you
know overall for me I became I became
less uh I became less violent towards
the witness where's like really my only
sticking point with the witness was
his price point you know that's that's
all that really bothered me is I don't
think it's worth $40 but he can charge
Jonathan Blow can charge whatever he
wants for it so if that's my biggest
gripe is I think it's too expensive then
I think that's a minor gripe you know
it's a simple puzzle game with beautiful
textures
let the man charge whatever he wants for
it so walking see me no no it's not a
walking simulator you you have to walk
to the next puzzles it has puzzles if
you like those kind of puzzles I would
have loved it if if it was on some sort
of mobile device take it into the
bathroom do a puzzle while you poop okay
great you know pick it up the next day
that would have been fine a five-dollar
app but you know whose pawn should I
bring to fight the dragon Jack I've got
a friends list oh hold on
Jack what do you think of paying $20 for
a three hour game opposed to $40 for a
game that lasts under well oh sure it's
just it's just not worth it to me if
it's worth it to you I I don't think
like the the amount of hours you get out
of a game doesn't always equal how much
the game is worth you know I got Team
Fortress 2 for 15 bucks and I'm close to
a thousand hours into it there are free
iPhone games that people have a hundred
hours in the price of the game doesn't
matter for that it's about it's about
the substance and I don't see the
substance there for the witness so
all right yeah the order 1886 was 60
bucks and what it took us eight hours to
complete it that's obvious that's that's
a scam does anybody recognize their
pawns be tricks anybody in the chat
because these are all people on my
friends list yeah people who in theory
could be watching sure which game has
rich play the most hours XCOM yeah close
to a thousand rich heads close to a
thousand I found right
yeah the order was a scam let's see here
is is any of these anybody's are these
anybody foam overpowered I can bring
beatrix here level infinity now would
just make things too easy
what's level infinity the capped okay
yeah yeah three here 79 yeah it's pretty
high
are you I'm 50 something 52 okay I try
to I mean it's they got a forty seven
forty two well the 47
you are something of a hateful prick me
that's everyone here yeah we're all kind
what do you what are you mad about no
you know it's just one of those things
where like again we're not taking away
any one else's enjoyment of the witness
well because we don't like a game that
makes us hateful hey fuck yourself they
might not have been talking to us they
might have been talking to someone else
okay but if that's what was going on go
fuck yourself
and grow a thicker skin right no not
okay not us not us okay thank you
Chernobyl kinsmen well see that's the
thing like the port like portal is a
short game right portal is a 10-hour
game very short game has a lot of
substance to it and the original portal
was part of a bundle of games like you
get in the orange box oh you got portal
you got three half-lives and you got
Team Fortress 2 for for 60 bucks you
know like so it was so much in that
orange box
keep an eye attend to the shadow this is
the dragon you said you fought before
ah no no I I ran into the Red Dragon I
don't think you've run into him again
until the end of the game Jack yeah I
ran into where are you can you pause and
show me your map uh-huh
well I guess maybe it was him no it
looked like that to me it looked like
the red dragon this is a normal garden
variety dragon oh well fuck whatever
this is a garden-variety dragon fuck
yeah
climbing the dragon trying to attack his
look trying to attack his wings do it do
it
Oh get out of these trees I can't see
what I'm doing you fucker
oh shit he's in the air is in the air oh
god oh shit oh oh Jesus God yeah I you
know I personally think the witness is a
little pretentious didn't find out what
those things do no but I cut them anyway
because it can't be good whatever it is
yeah I want you if you can just kind of
by walking through them but but you know
again like if you like the witness go on
and like it man do you do you everybody
who likes the witness I'm on fire there
there are people whom there are people
that there are people whose opinion I
respect who really like the witness and
they are free to do that without fire I
just didn't like you are on fire man you
gotta you got to not be on fire
yeah now cut its dick off slice it into
Jack what
yeah if you like the witness that's okay
by your honor no no everyone opinions
can't be wrong
opinions are never wrong if someone has
a good time playing the witness I think
we should kill all Germans because of
the last two world wars is that opinion
wrong where's that opinion right Jack
let me let me clarify my ow yeah you
deserved that I was making a point let
me clarify my stance opinions on
opinions on art how about that opinions
on art can't be wrong
Jebus sweet jeebus
and it's like i guess like you can think
anything you want as long as you don't
act on it so don't act on that rich okay
no I wasn't planning do it okay there we
go there you go
kill all Germans is not an aesthetic
reaction you know that's what I'm saying
Oh let's go fiend
see the help I brought she's too good
this isn't any fun this isn't any fun
it's just too easy look at we're just
beating on this dragon actually what I'm
OC that you know what that's why by the
way cuz the dragon says I am your master
did you just see him say that I think he
says that when he tries to take control
of the pawns oh and see like maybe
identified this one but then the dragon
kept saying I am your master so I
thought it was the end dragon I was like
oh I don't want to fight him yet wow so
I never fought him no he can take
control of your pawns yeah he grabs him
that's when they turn red he's doing
some gotta mojo okay yeah new key hunter
says I think transformers 2 is the
greatest film ever made Jack you are
free to have that opinion I disagree
with you but you are free to have that
opinion
I got nothing new dragon forged No
that's disappointing I'm sorry and I'm
sorry as I am now
I'm doing too many side quests because
I'm - I'm - leveled up I don't like it I
need to stop doing side quest even
though I enjoy the side quest so I don't
level up enough where are you in the
story I don't have I don't have a bar
that says what percentage complete ham
I just kept for Nivelle from going to
jail
I definitely been to the castle mm-hmm
the Dukes wife came on to me oh that
ended badly
how did it end she invited me to a room
at night oh nice yeah I went this was
like a quest thing well fuck it gotta be
a completion yeah listen I didn't like
the character I like Mercedes she's
great
or or it into the Duchess no no I don't
like snotty yeah she's annoying okay
more than snotty sure you want anyway go
after a room at night uh-huh then then
the Duke walks in damn ports damn right
yeah
you're hiding when the duke walks in but
they starts choking his wife what he
starts choking his wife like the death
okay when you intervened to help
she starts accusing you of breaking into
her room and then has you hauled off to
the dungeon what a coon I know what a
bitch and that was the end of the quest
that you did it there what that was the
end of the couple she comes to the
dungeon to gives you a skeleton key to
guide the dungeons I'm sorry yeah what a
bitch
yeah after the quest I walked back up to
a room and I I just kept her she ran
away she ran away screaming yeah and
then more guards came in and put me back
in the dungeon but it was worth it nice
and then after that the game completely
forgot that it happened and I can still
go into the castle and talk to the Duke
and everything sure so this is really
stupid mr. Jackson what a bitch sound
should be the new tip sound
get a clean recording of that also I
think I called her a cunt
so I think he's a bitch did you maybe I
might have called her a cunt I like this
I like the c-word it's the only it's the
it's one of the very few cuss words that
still holds some weight there is seams
just taking a nap - I don't think I've
ever seen more at rest
oh come here yeah oh nice many smells
yeah I've got the rusty bone that
doesn't do much damage but sometimes it
does this thing where it slows the
enemies down like you see him he's like
glowing he's moving slow yeah nice like
those Dourdan oh I'm so powerful right
now it's ridiculous I haven't really
done I've just done the whole all
possible side quests sure has got me
comically overpowered honestly I need to
switch over to hard mode I think yeah
yeah
cunt and near Duell are probably the
most vicious curse words you're right
near do well there do it no NER do L is
near do wallet
I've always I've always heard it in
their chats near or near do L oh you've
ruined my counter-attack Odin I'm
sitting waiting for a guy to attack me
don't don't
you're too good oh you're stabbing them
before encountering Irish yeah too much
new key says you're overpowered because
you aren't going forward in the main
quests that's how the enemy's level up
Aaron I've been enjoying the side quests
huh I've been enjoying the side quests
the world I'm just telling it and by the
way it's in there unless that's somebody
from like the Oxford Dictionary chiming
in
I don't care literally every single
person is saying there there do well
there do well short for never do I never
do out in there do well near the hair
there do well
you're all jerks well go go what's the
next story quest go together the next
story yeah we're heading over story the
next story I know the subway you're next
you're right by the stone golem or did
you find him in I fought them before I
liked them or was he acts up there I
fought him recently he might still be
dead okay but we'll check it out if you
go further there's two cyclopses and a
goblin fighting pit oh yeah yeah yeah
okay okay just go fucking dude I'm so so
tired of cyclones you're jack where's
your magic stone take you right back to
the thing take it right back to the
castles continue the story checking one
other thing around okay it's like a
sword in the stone where you can get
decent weapons oh yeah that respawn
every now and then effort use your stone
you don't like walking around do you
check huh you just don't use your stone
oh I'm fucking loved walking around but
now we got blood you just own you just
own your do you know you're playing the
game it's not my game we're not going to
tell you how to play and I move we got
to move why what's the rush oh it's time
to stand up I just stood up I'm good
what what it's a gift everyone knows
that there is there some gift gift talk
yes technically it's it's I am look I'm
a fan of of gift
yeah but gyeom and it says it's Jeff
decided it's out of cuz it's out of his
control it's out of his control popular
parlance wins he doesn't get to choose
he should have he should have made a
better effort to call it Jeff at the
beginning
okay so where are you the story yeah
hold on let's do some story a story this
shit out of it
okay
who did yeah you know oh is that the
Duchess uh-huh kick her again
no no you'll end up in jail okay um so
where are you in the story you're so
you're so overly concerned
why oh no so I was know just we're
getting we're good now yes sir mr. I'm
not patient at all in any way shape or
form
have you met me you know why I'm not
here here's where I am in the story okay
great they're there I'm there are you
happy I'm talking to who's is Aldous
Aldous isn't a name anymore fuck this
guy
like Mercedes
yeah the thing about that mayor Said's
not even think I've met Mercedes you
have okay yeah
no this is not X come to this is
Dragon's Dogma dark curries and rich
wants some more alone time with XCOM - I
have been playing for three hours I was
getting a break right so we're dragon
Xing
we're dragging listen James we're
dragons we're all up in the Dragons
I could kick you without getting
arrested I'd kick you too right this was
this was a ps3 and and xbox360 oh yeah I
remember this was originally out on the
ps3 and xbox360 recently ported over to
the PC no Jay was not here tonight I
mean he was he did not come to this room
though they're saying they like your
insult if I could kick you without
getting arrested I would kick you it's
just so to say to bitches um I don't
know if there are dungeons near the
Dragons but there are dungeons and I
like them I like the dungeons in this
game oh she does have a pink glow around
everything why is that high affection
you do quest for people there their
liking of you goes up or down oh so
she's all into you she's putting out the
pheromones she's like ooh ooh dad arisen
mmm
gets me all steamy in my undergarments
so what I gonna do now travel to win the
bluff tower
Oh didn't all right well you gonna guide
me or you just gonna stand there like a
fucking asshole
are we there are we there Odin I think
you have forgotten and by God you I mean
I will follow you that list
Odin is different everyone else makes
like an attractive hot woman which I
understand but if you're gonna have
someone following you around all game
yet just for variety I had to make the
eye ball one I like I'm thinking higher
of the hot chicks it's fine mmm that's
fine I'm with it the craftsman's quarter
oh there's the farmer he's farming some
shit
are there dogs in this game
wolves are there dire wolves there
fuckload of wolves like a there's a lot
of metric fuckton yeah one thing with
thorns' need a different Thord yeah I
need my sword by a thorn fun to the fire
sword my third is more powerful yeah say
this again where thorns are appropriate
appropriate use of thorns I prove we've
all fourth or fourth move down there
look down there nobody probably because
I killed them yesterday but oh there
they don't like ice oh that's almost no
fun I know
oh holy that one's blocking come on take
a swing take us at me take a swing at me
I'll fuck you I got the sweet
counter-attack and nobody wants to
attack me I'm so sorry
yeah I know I'm so sorry you know shit
happens
ah no I have not played battlefront in
quite some time my opinion has not
changed it's boring as fuck I guess I
could teleport to closer to the place I
need to be you know yeah I just wanted
to start the story like good I was just
I was just like I just go to the story
cuz you know and and I hate like where
you were and getting back to the castle
is it yeah oh yeah tedious walk so like
no no go ahead do you think food up
there some biddies one Hey Oh
they killed something without me
what is that that is neat is that a
black group did they burn a Griffin I
didn't know they could kill stuff well
that's fucking cool that's new
No oh it was burned by a dragon I get it
I get what's going on well that still
need that it's just hanging out there
see this kind of thing you just stumble
upon yeah
just walking around but you probably had
to progress the story to like make sure
double up on the ball but there's no
like go to the section with the check
mark and then you have the cutscene yeah
just walk around they're all there
what's going on here agreed agreed
cool I do also like that they're the one
dude to be like hey listen man don't
worry about this beast is dead already
and you're like I'm the fucking arisen
I killed three Griffins like yesterday
do you not know who I am
I kill the fucking dragon I don't know
you don't have TV they don't know who
the fuck you are they might have heard
of the arisen they certainly haven't
fucking seen them no less they seem like
a really accurate drawing somebody did
when you weren't looking
no no they don't know who you are well
fuck it tell them I'm here risen then
they all want autographs it's just a
pain in my ass you know yeah
no goblins oh yeah those fuckers think
about hitting me you're all set up for
your oh my god you could tell your bond
pawns to go away can you I could there's
our chat pawns so I mean like tell me
you know stay over there
they can develop bad habits can there
yeah
so I hear what it alights did you know
that wolves hunt in packs I did yeah
game could um to cut down on them saying
that so much yeah it reminds you that
wolves hunt in packs twice twice it
every time you see a wolf
how are you fucker Prez reach em right
now you're at about the level you're
supposed to kill a boss now and the
final boss
that's how yeah that's what level you're
right now oh my clothes they're story
wise cuz I've not been grinning I've
just been side questing right and
enjoying it I think I've hit every
possible side quest I could before I
continue on with the story except for
some of the like killed 70 Eve this time
I don't have I don't have all those done
yeah yeah
they say you're somewhat close to the
end yeah two thirds of the way to the
final boss there's no way we could have
lost that I turned that off after a
while mostly because I was recording
gameplay footage I turned off their
little subtitles it's oh the subtitle
something to see that I thought you told
them to talk less you can just turn off
the voice it turned down their voices to
which it helps to feel them makes them
feel less lifeless even even though
they're saying the same things feel for
fearful slugs boy says you know wolf
packs are heavily featured in The
Witcher 3 just saying and that's a shame
because the wolf packs are the worst
part about this game so now that you
told me that I know to avoid The Witcher
3 and pizza train says officially as of
12 a.m.
they are 35 wish me a happy midlife
crisis you fucks happy midlife crisis
beats of train
I mean like crisis more like 40s isn't
30s bit early from the 35 you know
what's the average you know 72 70 but
first the midlife crisis well the
midlife how long do you think you're
gonna live I'd love my the midlife
crisis to be at 50 what age do most
people have their midlife crisis I would
say late thirties yeah I've avoided it
well good mostly because I've made peace
the fact that I'm going to get old and
die very shortly from now I know I think
that's important understand that you're
gonna do I'm going to get older and died
yeah Oh blocking my shot appreciate you
throwing attention away but the camera
doesn't need to zoom in on your bald
head it happens and I can sympathize
than having a bald head that does mean I
want
look at it the average lifespan for a
man in this country currently is 76
years old so that would put your midlife
crisis right around now at what 38
mm-hmm 38 is is average midlife crisis
age and yeah I would assume that 38
maybe maybe early 40s I think people
really start freaking out when they're
50 yeah that's when they start losing
their marbles losing their goddamn
marbles well that's that's why they call
that's why they call it the crisis right
even though it's not technically the mid
whatever yeah it's a psychological thing
yeah for their Friday not a technical
definition meaning halfway through your
life okay Wow I guess whatever whatever
you just hope you're not one of those
people you know you buy a sports car or
whatever when you're 50 try to be young
and cool again I've never been young oh
maybe that's why I'm safe that I've
never been young or cool technically
I've been but emotionally I've always
been 50 I've always been a bitter old
man and I've certainly never been cool
sure maybe that's that's the the
greatest gift oh oh you missed it just
what oh oh I thought I was supposed to
go to this one I'm going to the wrong
tower yeah well fuck you think rich has
at least five good years ahead of her
yeah yeah I would say a midlife crisis
has to do with kids growing up and
leaving the house and feeling alone
that's empty nest syndrome
the back I think made me feel old yeah
yeah oh yeah that would do it once it
once you know you hit that age when your
body stops you know behaving there's a
lot of there's a lot of people who deal
with empty nest syndrome especially like
if you're a like a stay-at-home mom or
say it home dad and that's just like
your life and all the sudden your kids
they're not around anymore you don't
take care of anymore you don't have it's
it's like losing your job it's like
people who were you know employed with
the same company for 20 years but I've
been working here all my life I don't
know anything else and then they freaked
out too I was rich doing with XCOM we
played it for three hours all right rich
learned some valuable lessons and all of
us got to learn those lessons via proxy
I basically had a squad white because I
want her to see largely because I wanted
to see what would happen once the timer
ran out right I don't like that timer I
hate the timer yeah
wait who you supposed to fight purple is
always bad Purple's bed it's nothing
it's nothing I need to level down
nothing how do i level down see what's
happening over here
I'm like some drifting away from me
you could change you could try a new
class just you know you're leveled up
but you could you could pick a new class
that's not so leveled up well I don't
like the mages I'm never gonna be any of
the mages hmm
magic can go suck a dick yep
oh yeah you could fight naked that
sounds awful well you know there you're
asking for a ways to make or you could
play in hard mode well he can't die so I
guess I just have to keep going on it
hardware might be it I might be of
something I'm gonna do yeah I don't know
I don't know I like fighting naked now
no that's something I wore a weaker
armor maybe that I'm not fighting naked
that's just stupid
oh I think it's funny
I'm sorry what
just kill him already
oh god I hate this story I just like I
want you to progress because I want to
see what happens and it's like I wanna I
want more things for you to do I've
already read spoilers in the ending
because Mass Effect 3 yeah yeah Oh a
bleeding she-goat nice
rich the timer is there so you can't
overwatch and crawl your whole way
through the game like an enemy unknown
yeah but it's not fun it's taking a fun
game and it's made it stressful and
annoying it makes it challenging but not
fun you've replaced you've had a
challenge which is good but you've taken
away fun which is bad
observe the duel what that's your your
mission right now observe the dole is to
observe the duel good I suppose I could
interfere but she'll be like unhappy
maybe less she dies she mind I'll be
unhappy yeah what a weird mission
I prefer this to a cutscene though you
know it's like it's a game it's weird
that it's a mission though you should
get naked for observing the duel and
this bag o is just weird
is this weird for you guys this is do it
give me a kiss yes now get naked I'm
just gonna I'm just gonna take off my
pants but you know I don't want you guys
to worry about it okay oh yeah no I'm
just getting comfortable I just want to
get comfortable for the duel just tell
my man he's taking off my pants and
everything else this is quite a duel
it's quite a duo now I can see
everything now I can see everything yes
not weird not weird you guys are doing
great
hit him hit him a little harder just see
what happens yeah you guys are doing
great
this is totally my fetish right oh my
god
find a new tactic bro doesn't seem to be
working look at the floating Lantern
hanging on his boner man
Oh
oh he just called her a slut oh wow that
was hurtful my hands are here his fine
you now you gotta fight him he's just a
dickhead you can't have dickheads living
in your kingdom nope this is an exciting
question is it no the answer is No
look
oh here you go you get to choose he
fucked up your lady friend but you know
he's not doing much to you that's what
he basically said
Wow so did I do something wrong is she
supposed to lose that duel I can only
assume she's supposed to I mean you
probably could have interjected but like
you said then she probably would've got
mad at you
maybe she was too distracted by my naked
body I'm just saying that was that was
an in-game mechanic it's like if your
character gets naked Mercedes loses
she's not coming stay in your full armor
that could be
she hates you she hates you if you
interfere
yeah okay but now you can go fuck him up
she say anything else no
yeah yeah now you go kill him Oh
I don't care I care a little Jack I care
a little
really it's a fuck off I just don't
what no I got a thing the other thing
basically she's just saying I suck I
know I suck all these people think I
suck here's the thing if you guys can't
hear the game or can't read the text
that's what she was saying she's gonna
give up knighthood to stream hearthstone
on Twitch yep that's basically what she
said she's gonna become a she's gonna
become a twitch streamer doing nothing
but hearthstone it's kept calm Earth's
only hearthstone is it all I can only
seem hearthstone as a what could be a
self-referential thing - I don't know no
no I think that's just an olden term in
the hearthstone capcom loves sulfur
referencing I think self references I
think hearthstone is a blizzard thing
isn't it she gives you her sword did she
give you a sword yes she did
there you go you got a sword now you got
a Ford yeah hearthstone is uh is
Warcraft
so that's Blizzard is it that's what
they're saying I don't know I don't
really think about hearthstone other
than it exists though they're saying
it's a Warcraft thing yeah what do you
want
that is painful
all right I guess the stream is done
then I I don't know the line I don't
know what I was expecting or it's just
like I hate I have always hated the
story but it's like I may be you know
rich is far enough where something is
happening but not gonna biddies and they
dueling and you gotta you gotta watch
them duel I had a massive storyline
Griffith fight a little while ago yeah
see that would have been fun I was
expecting something fun but like the the
you're at the part of the story where
they say okay we want to watch you have
to watch other people have fun watch
other people do could have interfered I
chose not to yeah yeah the fault is my
own yeah okay great I just wanted to
kick that guy's ass
and I couldn't it was kind of him it's
kind of sad yeah kind of sad
he kicked the ass of your lady but she
didn't want you to interfere rich no I
know she was your lady if you wait in
this game for five hours and do nothing
the aliens from ex-con descend and Eris
joins you my uncle told me well let's
try that right now I said five hours
okay here we go sit here quietly him
watch
you just walk around in the background
Oh something exciting happen we didn't
see the end of it oh please chatter oh
my god man batter up the hatches watch
the right flank and I'm just standing
here which is just noises banging edge
shields I did this every once in a while
with my pawns just let the pawns take
care
alright fuck it get out of here
peace bitches pawns are forbidden from
entering the castle alright great babe
um it's almost time to stand up again
oh yeah no let's be done let's uh let's
find our twin Eicher yeah I'm getting
out of this organ godless if I go to the
trencher gate you forget that it's we
eat you so stupid soup I'm game that
Kevin from Firaxis ever answer why they
changed the design on the SEC Dodds I
don't think there was a specific answer
I mean okay I'm sure I'm sure it's just
as easy as we need we need and we need
new monsters keep it on your I told you
about that XCOM reboot earlier the bad
one
yeah they eventually finished it they
almost candid yeah but once the enemy
unknown got really popular like well
let's do it yeah and when you originally
when they were making it they said no
snow sectoid so we don't anything corny
like that
no sectoid and then XCOM enemy you know
got really popular we need sec x in this
game all of the sector for a sec tides
put them in because originally in the
the videos for the reboot was like these
weird for most jelly aliens weird shit
all those classic goofy aliens put them
in any bother them well then they're
saying they explained it in the game and
they do explain it in game why the
sector's look different you still have
you can still have regular sectoid to is
grunts you can still have you got both
of course again yeah and you
they don't need to be all game but maybe
maybe even just even the tutorial level
or the first corpse a lot
it says jacket rich what's the one movie
you can always watch as a noise in the
background a movie Star Trek the motion
picture it's probably the best one yeah
the lego movie hmm stop stop my head
yeah and I am not much of a movies or TV
shows in the background I cuz I watch
them noise in the background I have a
whole bunch of TV series it's just on a
playlist yeah so it's in that really
movie this is just a variety of
different shows from Star Trek to
Venture Brothers okay yeah and I don't I
can't do anything like that or else I
get too distracted I I'm - I'm too
addicted to TV if there are flickering
images I'm watching them I last 1984
Bane 1-1 3-8 said let me make sure
there's no scroll up he oh my god the
other harm oh my god Oh Sunday it's
Valentine's Oh also we are not streaming
on Sunday makes sense heads up everybody
we know stream on Sunday - ok telegin 18
months in a row
uncool eight-man 16 months in a row moon
front 15 months in a row
Lloyd beets 17 months in a row Bunga
Doug then you said Bane 1 1 300 well
bunk got Doug 17 months in a row yeah
Spain yep my name is tape Shrike Eakins
right yeah shrike'd chickens chickens
I was Mike 13 months in a row
just shot 17 months in a row just shots
I don't know if I've ever seen your name
before but you've been subscribed for 17
months vaguely familiar to me
Josh ops G shops yeah shots shots
goosh all right gu shots shots no idea
no fear no Envy 12 months in a row the
big one - hello - hello Draco 18 balls
in a row
hello my ragtime yeah striker one one
two one part of us is next 19 months in
a row while eh - Oh 17 months in a row
soon Andy one fucking shoe babban voice
my name is dog Dan John Alden Fox and
dr. Rufus and that's all the names thank
you for subscribing really appreciate it
it's true II really do I didn't hit the
cancel button fast enough for it to be
funny it's
