May 25, 2016
Duskers
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/77618342
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/77620431
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TJ_hbTT1yZ8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbL_Ac2t0Ac
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/735631943606362113

[Part I]
I don't care I don't care about anything
oh no that wouldn't you plugged in the
camera what I didn't do is change the
title of the stream I did oh you're
thinking Jack I'm so on top of it rich
hello hello when you plugged in the
camera it moved the microphone audio
down one and so I for some reason I
thought the computer was reading their
audio everybody welcome welcome to
stream a little bit earlier than what I
said it would be which was which is
great that's good that's good it's fine
it's rather earlier people get to miss
this action this this amazing which side
which side is the sky well he's amazing
action one of these sides is the proper
side I think it's the side is the game
Obama and this side is the end of the
screen I'm not sure we are setting a
little bit earlier so I'm gonna I'm
gonna quickly tweet out that we are
starting hold on hold on Holt pause for
pause for tweet just because we're not
starting exactly when we said how early
are we I said I said eight ish but I
said it might even be later cuz I wasn't
sure when I was gonna be here so so you
know a little bit earlier we're gonna
hash tag it we're gonna hash tag it
dusters we'll probably play more Phoenix
right but this is mean we're gonna
barrel it the whole game at once take a
breath I did not watch preacher I don't
I don't care to until more episodes are
out and I hear more I don't I don't have
anywhere near enough faith that they're
gonna handle the source material right
nowhere near enough faith ironically
hoes cuz you know that series is the
Atheist Bible right there
some of you guys I I I recorded it yeah
I recorded it and I just have not cared
to watch it mm-hmm
alright and tweet and yes I've seen all
of it have you ever seen all of the
negativity coming out about the Warcraft
movie was there was there ever
positivity
yes oh there was nothing there was
nothing right oh you know oh you know a
movie based on one of the largest video
game franchises ever you know let's
pretend I don't know anything about
Warcraft okay what don't people like oh
they just say it's a bad movie that's
all oh okay they didn't get didn't get
it works right Wow
no I don't think the fans are beating it
up I just think it's I think people say
it's a bad movie why are why are the
female works like normal human size is
that true
look like look like she was because they
still gotta be sexy orcs you know you
got to make him sexy orcs rich that
better be some tough vagina because that
could just be devastating well they're
or excited they're stronger every part
of their body is stronger rich alright
so what is what is this game I am super
excited to have you play this game it's
dusk errs I don't even know if I can
properly explain it to you
here's what I can tell you I hear hand
me the manual I will I printed out the
manual and I put it in a nice dusk
sleeve dust sleeve mhm because I thought
it was nice so I printed that out here's
what I will tell you from the manual for
standard salvage vessel operation
primary objective is to determine cause
of termination of human civilization
okay you oh sorry go ahead I'm just
warning you yeah I I have been in
full-on doom mode absolutely so this is
gonna be like this looks like this game
is just gonna be complete whiplash yeah
it's good might break my neck it is
going to be a harsh downshift which by
the way is exactly what I needed after
doom like I love doom I just need more
to him I I love do but it's just like
you know I need a game where I can just
slow down and take my time oh I I loaded
up my little Doug loading up the brutal
doom
I did yeah I'm sorry
so here's what I will tell people is you
you are flying around in a spaceship and
it is your job to determine what
happened to human civilization but you
cannot leave your spaceship okay and so
it is up to a your drone so you have to
control a fleet of drones to investigate
other ships okay and so why don't you go
to a like the last remaining human are
always some alien we don't even know for
a human and alien if we're alive if
we're a computer program we don't know
anything all right all right I'm hitting
P for play go well go to drone operator
training drone operator training okay I
think that's I think that's important
welcome to draw an operator training is
arrow keys to pilot drone one okay press
two
but now here's where it gets fun
schematic view is a little choice
currently the derelict ship is
unexplored so you only see your ships
docking bay mmm type a1 just a1 then
enter to open airlock one when I press
space to what
so space toggles between you in that
view and the view of one of your drones
okay yeah
and then the number corresponds to the
drone to the drone right then I can
choose to send a drone in here
you found a power Inlet notice how a
drone - up there has a oh sorry if you
could switch to drone - for me drone -
has a generator power okay
so why don't I lit drone - over to that
power Inlet and now here's here's the
most wonderful thing so now you have to
type in commands into your little
console generator enough fun Louise you
are easily amused I am I really am rich
okay so now you can now operate did we
probably read this out loud you can now
operate newly power doors however never
opened doors to unknown rooms notice d4
is open type navigate 1 r3 to send drone
1 to room 3 can I can I just move in
there myself
well you could okay or you can you can
type in the sequence and and and then he
just automatically goes in that adorable
that's adorable yeah so now you can look
around so yeah there's two you know you
can either so now this is the most
wonderful thing about the game is you
know like we we are just controlling the
drone so we and the drones don't have
cameras or anything they only have
sensors and so like we can only see this
is the only way we can see the ship is
through the drone sensors okay you found
a fuel access port drone one has a
gather upgrade type gather or GA then
space tab or enter to autocomplete the
gather propulsion you know all commands
you know you have an autocomplete
feature which is really helpful way
around ok yeah let's see if room for is
safe drone one has a motion sensor
upgrade switch to schematic view and
type motion then enter
the red indicator in room four means
badness is in there let's see if we can
herd them out of room for first pilot
drone one back to room two worried sir
cute it's cute it's adorable rich look
at this now let's try hurting the enemy
from room for to room three from the
schematic view use the motion sensor
again type D for to close door for then
D five to open door five okay well then
uh well then D five to get them in the
room three because we already we already
cleared out receive four and five okay
so now close D 5 and now he's locked it
alright alright
eight eight you get it you gets it
can you play doom on these drones
probably maybe maybe what we can imagine
is after the doom Slayer murders all of
the demons we are now picking up the the
pieces here we are a demon ship looking
for the the rest of our demon friends
it's now safe to open door 3 and explore
the room on the other side obviously
this is just the tutorial section a
destroyed drone drive up to it and type
the command swap to loot its upgrades ok
and then escape to exit that little
screen
okay let's see here it looks like
there's no more ship to explore to leave
let's try a simple navigate command to
simultaneously send both drones
1 & 2 back to the docking bay and so
then you can type nav help navigate tilt
type help navigate to learn how so
something you can type that I that I do
whenever a mission is over is I type nav
ya all are one okay so nav space and
then you know it all to autofill
navigate all and then to r1 so weird
isn't this so weird isn't this
incredibly interesting my brain is all
shotguns but yes it's hard to judge
right I know I know it's it's a
downshift and we're streaming and yes
I'm wearing shorts it's been kind of
nice out I'm wearing shorts when it when
it gets nice like I want rich to try
I'll play later I could I can play more
later exit all right
you are now ready rich Oh obviously if
you're not there is some there's some
graphical options I've had to tweak some
graphical options I've been playing on
my keep it for now on my you also might
want to change in the options menu or oh
what oh it's what do you want change
well we can change later I guess what
doesn't well it's just wait till we
initialize and I'll tell you there's
some difficulty things where it's like
you can get more scrap or stuff like
that which you might want to mess with
but we'll see I'll try default and see
what happens absolutely okay so here's
the real thing so it's it's up to us to
investigate what happened to human
civilization but we are critically low
on fuel mm-hmm and so we need scrap and
we need fuel to keep moving to keep
investigating so kind of like FTL a
little like you have to go
little like FTL all right if you lo six
days crew size one that's us how lonely
how long we are only us in our drones
alright so initiate emergency distress
sequence I sure why not yeah yeah do
that vessels detected for response
received zero how depressing is this
game by the way very depressing it's
very lonely and depressing oh great you
know what shoot things around you know
now I have to be sad and depressed we
can't we can't just shotgun demons every
day all day and the last one left from
the universe everyone's dead that's art
death is our death is art okay okay you
sure why not oh yeah here is somewhere a
summary of primary objectives gather
Intel logs from derelict spacecraft
gather resources necessary for survival
search for survivors
if objectives cannot be completed
recommended action initiate a reset that
resets the whole of the whole game the
whole game feels like a robe like it's a
robot okay so now everything about this
game is controlled through the keyboard
it'll cost you fuel to jumped any of
those but we are already on my ship oh
okay it's not a tutorial one that is not
the tutorial one oh yeah yonder yonder
in teresting an adjective arousing
curiosity of interests holding or
catching the attention an interesting
debate just kidding this honestly looks
interesting so fun yeah yeah it's
interesting it's very it's very
different and that I saw someone made a
video about this or no Tommy
refines her feigns what's his name the
guy who was the programmer for Super
Meat Boy has been tweeting about this in
the past week and it just got me very
interested in it okay so if you press D
OE well and you already did the one two
three the system the galaxies in the
universe which is neat press D these are
our drones they all go on every okay yep
we don't have them but yeah we can't
have them we can rename them if we feel
like Nate we should we probably should
no no let's see here control our renames
the drones was the way of the the new
the things that part of the watcher what
was it part of the name
oh yeah the oh well you have the torch I
don't have the time I got the Twitter
right we have a randomizer right the the
chatter lottery chatter lottery alright
subs sure alright pick a random chatter
yep the winner is Sara Chen Sara Chen
beefcake for the wind with the
randomizer boom
Sara Chen Sara Chen you will be drone
one okay alright drone - what does it
control our control art okay pick a
random Mario Mario what he - that's a
good that's great it's it makes it makes
picking so much easier boom Mario Mario
and every we'll do it we'll do one from
everyone subscribers and nonsubscribers
oh my god I don't have included moms the
first time probably should have included
shit Evans you know she have oh and on
Twitter and shed oh sherry we could do
that - yeah sure sure why not why not
having at the drug of 93 93 announcing
Oh beefcake says announce in chat isn't
working oh it's a work in progress
you know what beefcake we still love it
yes still grab chugga 93 so also if you
felt like it and you never do but you
know when you move your drones you can
type in their name instead of instead of
the number which is neat
but open them for the drone oh yeah but
you'd I mean obviously just one two or
three so we got Sri Chen Mario Mario and
yucca and then later you can get four
upgrades and change all that stuff all
right all right I'm down with that
okay so we press B to board what's ship
config we get upgrades to our ship that
weekend okay derelict that sound good we
are the derelict and what's
modifications modifications is a the
scrap we collects can go to upgrading
our drones or our ship or to creating
upgrades okay so I'm assuming we'll
press B to board OB the board and then
you know here we choose our drums
obviously we also now enter okay let's
begin communication my name is Captain
transmission I received was over 20 days
ago excluding automated relays I'm
overwriting this log in hopes that
another survivor finds it here it feels
odd to type survivor but I believe
that's what we are I'll be staying or
search you're out there I'll be
broadcasting on emergency oh oh one okay
that's an actual number oh oh no matter
captain gene Vogel alright
enter to continue okay so here we go
usually and especially early on there's
nothing in the first room yeah so you
can feel pretty confident in that well
is there any downside to using the
motion it's like do we use energy so
motion if you see has 50 out of 50 so we
only get 50 and the more you use it the
more it can break down okay this is very
better just to open the damped or
free especially now like
this first room wait oh my I guess I
have to walk somebody in there before I
can yeah you need to discover the room
before you can send people in there
oh that one's open could there be bad
things in there ah usually I found not
anything open from the get-go I have
found that there are no bad guys this
could be the time all right
all right okay it seems like you got a
couple of clean rooms in there so I
probably want to gather unless you just
collect it by okay so then I'm gonna
need a generator mm-hmm oh we got what
do we got who's got what oh my god why
is this green they have different colors
they have different no they have
different scanners drones see different
things all right what different
spectrums of light I'm assuming this
will come into play yeah it does it does
well and it really it's all it's like
all visual like it's all like sometimes
they can ya know it doesn't like super
matter but it's great okay it's just
like they see different things in like
every once in a while your drones will
malfunction where their camera feed will
share their sensor feed will shut off
and you won't be able to see anything
from them it's crazy
okay so Maura Maura needs to stay near
the generator in order to keep it
powered so he needs to stay there yeah
yeah yeah
can the neo rumbas take off their pants
what
so it's destroyed drone it's no good to
me well so now type in swap and see if
it has any powers you can steal as a tow
yeah I might as well take it but I want
somebody else to have it or does it not
matter well oh well you might as well
take it and just add it to your list of
things that you could give we can swap
them later yeah I'm getting at yeah yeah
all right all right
you just want all the powers there you
go and then sometimes if they're not
destroyed you can tow them back and then
you know who refurbish them now these
these motion the I'm assuming that that
doesn't carry over I mean that doesn't
reset after in this ship that's right
you are correct it's permanently gone
come here tired of being wrong what do
but I can't see what's in our form well
there's probably something bad somewhere
right sometimes there is sometimes
there's not I use this twice
seems like a waste right
I don't want to use this twice
he doesn't have gather he doesn't have
to gather right
he has a every once in a while come
across a ship that has a terminal and
then jug can and actually I'm why don't
you what oh yeah never mind you did it
everything's fine everything's fine
everything so one of the bad things like
huh what are the bad things like I'm
gonna take a chance take a chance
oh we might have an empty ship here oh
it's a gamble rich Evans hi jerkwad yeah
early on is when you want to do your
gambling sure sure
all right I think that's everything I'm
pretty sure that's everything
oh yeah that's everything hey bullshit
all right great hey easy peace
so docking bay always r1 yes docking bay
is always our one cute it's cute
it's just so it's just so interesting
now I don't know if you have to I always
close the bay door before I type exit
but is there some kind of issue with my
pants and the cam your card on the cam
is this like glowing and it looks like
my pants are glowing something someone's
talking about my neon pants I don't know
I can't I can't see what this looks like
okay I don't think our pants are visible
at the moment but I'll take a look how
about that
yeah I think it's just they just they
just want you to take your pants off is
all I think okay you know that's that's
natural no they can't even see our pants
maybe that's why it's because they can't
see our pants all they can see is waist
up and so they assume we're pants no
idea what goes on a drone sorry Sean Tim
chin I remember for scrap collected how
much fuel do we get they might be oh you
know what it might be a that might be a
preacher thing the preacher people were
talking about doing have no pants
episode was that anything in the comic
books no I thought I saw an article
today about preacher about like them
wanting to do in no pants episode I mean
I have even less faith in the show now
no okay a no pants episode okay so the
little number next to it is how many
fuels it'll take you to get there well I
guess we have to why don't we gonna do
what we gotta do
here's something that's neat press o for
objectives I think we're covering that
up in the in the chat but that's alright
yeah so you know here's our log for a
primary objective one and two right the
neat thing about this is when you reset
the game it doesn't reset the logs so
even if you fail and have to start over
you keep all of the little
story bits but that's part of the
objective right what is to get on the
lungs is just to figure out what
happened yeah okay so it's not really a
roguelike because your progress in a way
is saved I don't know how I feel about
that mmm interesting I don't know I
haven't gotten far enough into okay okay
I don't know preacher is on Amazon video
with the first episode free if that's I
don't watch just watch one look I prefer
binge watching shows I don't want to
watch just the one fuck dad I don't even
have any faith in the show to begin with
I am I am convinced they're going to
fuck up preacher Oh even if it's not bad
it's gonna be something so different the
tie in the preacher won't matter sure is
my what I think that might be it might
be true that might be true right yeah
okay escape out of this I'm bored I
guess yeah why don't you go over to one
just arrow over to one and press down
and drop that toe loadout so yep that
way yeah you don't need two drones with
toe and now you all what you have a toe
ready to go in case you get another
drone or if you if we lose jaga might we
need two toes is that everything there's
one always gonna be enough I've found
that one is always enough for toe at
least like four toe and four gather
usually it's slow enough paced I know
there are some ships that I went on
where there seemed to be like a growing
radiation infection so we needed to do
the ship fast time so you know maybe
having two toes would be good but I
found in most scenarios what one toe is
enough okay great
alright let's see what's on this ship
how do I do that again
that now I got enter let's see what's on
the ship oh why don't we know what's in
that one room sometimes we can we scan
before and it just gives us a little a
little peek all right let's see there's
a lot of rooms
I've never jerkwad yeah you do you are
kind of lost in this game so you know
basically all we're doing is controlling
these drones and searching ships that's
it and the interface is the most
interesting thing for me where we have
this little old-school DOS console that
we use to control our drones and it's
very it's weirdly engaging to me every
ship even though like it's very
purposefully distant you know like we
can't really see what's going on it
looks like it's a mess but who knows if
it really is you know
it's great
I can tell you're kind of in love um I
I'm in love with the idea I don't know
if I'm in love with the game yet if that
makes any sense
you sense I like you know I like it
when when I get outside of my comfort
zone with a game and I like it when a
game kind of challenges when it does
something different so to me this is
just different enough where I'm just I'm
just excited why are some doors blue and
some green
I said that because that correspond to
the color of the scanner say there again
why are some doors blue and some green
the green doors can be opened the blue
doors are not powered okay okay so
that's why okay all right when you turn
the generator on you know now we see
more rooms and now the door those doors
can be opened so if I turn the generator
off everything will be launched then
unless it's open first right who knows
what that other generator opens all
right I did get a powerup once called
pry where a drone could pry open an
unpowered door
how comfortable whereas I with fire mode
I was very far away what is this that's
a oh that's another power thing yeah all
right all right all right
that seems bad yep that's bad Oh
oh maybe trap them it may have
oh you lucky bastard you trapped him
lucky or clever jack Oh God yeah but
there was no way to know for sure
whether he went down into that other
room well then I back out I closed
denied
oh you know what he might be functional
actually how do we figure these things
out escape and type info drone Wally
yeah he is still I so you can tow him
back to our dock and then we can use
them later
yeah that's like that's those were the
exact noises that I was making when I
first was playing this game ie how do I
drop it just typed Oh again he's and
he's just good if he's in that room
right yeah yeah once you leave then he's
then he's yours
actually maybe I don't want to do that
I'll just in case you need to run away
yeah
what I was that was tense there so now
if you want you can type gather all and
he will automatically gather everything
in the room
okay if there are more than one thing
I'm assuming Cutrone can't be full right
say again
it can't be full no no he can gather all
the things okay
that's gathered that is gathered okay he
can't be full why not I like it I just I
like the way you put it
what does yellow mean yellow is another
possible dock which means we could leave
from that instead yeah oh nice so don't
open it up because the obviously your
spaceship isn't there yet and you will
be sucked oh sucked out into the void of
space that's not good
no but you can move your ship to that
dock and then move them all there could
there be something else get behind there
other than a dock Rochelle always a dark
yellow is always a dock all right but
why bother with that okay yeah right now
but you know like later you might you
know be trapped over there and need that
dock or you can use that to you know
blow out any monsters but then it also
blows out any treasures that's in the
room of tabs which is patron that's
interesting first I just oh good I'm
good then yeah you did it all right
congratulations thank you thank you I
see someone in the chat said as a
colorblind person this game it might be
nearly impossible yes yeah that seems
like a weird thing that they wouldn't
design that with us in mind colorblind
oh yeah there's urk I'm assuming there's
a colorblind option there's graphical
tweaks I don't know I can check go to
options same area navigate all back
first I was our one wasn't always the
dock always our one the dock is always
our on it what why they can screen it
off messed up because sometimes randomly
your drones just flip out okay because
they're machines you know like they do
that they just flip out sometimes this
is neat like sometimes they get stuck
sometimes like their camera just shuts
off boom
Luke okay so now why don't you head over
to drone config yeah yeah and then we
can rename wall-e
right as you see the wall-e is broken
okay let's doing everyone again everyone
yeah shh-shh
shedding froth Shannon Freud shad dam
Freud she shot him Freud should dam
Freud how you supposed shot him Fredo I
have no spell Dennis spelled differently
right am I not have I do not know how to
read or write
okay you can please do not ask me how to
spell stuff we're gonna shorten this to
shad Oh
because sanity huh oh you're a
schadenfreude uh yeah yeah and that's
shit damn Freud oh shit damn today I'm
perfect she damn right it's a broken
drone well you see that it's a zero out
of 130 that's their health okay okay and
so hit escape and go to modifications
you can't use your mouse it's all
keyboard that's so weird
I know and if you go over to your drug
go down to Shaddam you can repair you
only have 13 scraps as bed but you know
you can't repair I don't know I cost one
to fix it them but to fix it by 10 Oh
I don't I don't know the economy of this
game what what what counts as love scrap
oh we have a fair amount if you know and
and if if Shaddam has 10 out of 130 she
Adam is functional mm-hmm
you know all right so how do I so enter
and why not enter again give another one
good okay so know be cautious for now
that's the stuff in your cue huh and now
you press e for execute so now we have
four functioning drones very exciting
all right very very exciting how do I
get him what is it
control left to right to move him in to
be weird yeah weird you have to design a
game only using a keyboard most part
some kind of challenge or something I
don't know I think they were just there
was just like let's think outside the
box
they were they were you know let's think
about a game that could never ever work
on a console that was I think that was
their their goal okay okay if you don't
never work on a console you could find a
way to get this to work on my console
not that it would be half as that's
where I'm looking for interesting no you
need the keyboard for this game if if
this is ever ported over to I mean
council council wouldn't either
we just take just convert the typing and
do like a quick man that would be the
dumbest that would be the does you could
do it I'm just saying you couldn't do it
you could do it but that would rules not
it's not console proof you need a
keyboard to play it by the way I saw
someone in the comments for the door if
you're calling me a PC elitist IP well
because of your controller is it is it
elitist to prefer a different control
screen scheme for shooters is it it'll
lead us to like keyboard and mouse so
much more than a controller that I don't
want to play a
a first-person shooter with a controller
it's elitists to blame the controller
for all of the woes of first-person yes
I think that's and the controller is it
an impact on the evolution of the
shooter is what I said I don't think
it's the controller though they design
these things with consoles I think it's
I don't think that's elitist I think
that's just here's the history you know
all they needed is a fucking firmware
update and I wouldn't mind playing
shooter on an Xbox one just USB mouse
and a keyboard there you go I think it's
all you fucking need I don't know to
uncompetitive in the multiplayer they do
have them multiplayer kind of a mile
from the multiplayer because because the
fucking controller users would be owned
of course they would be crying crying
constantly listen there is nobody there
using the right tools for the job that's
not fair nobody's arguing that a mouse
isn't more precise than a controller but
you can't blame the controller just I
just felt like being an asshole right
now ps4 does support mouse and keyboard
that's true but locks out in game use
for exactly that reason really I like my
controller all of the all of the footage
you saw was me playing doom with a
controller on the Xbox one
perfectly proficient at playing doom
with a controller
okay
perfectly proficient that's all right
why can't a my aim-assist win for me
that listen as a die-hard controller
user aim-assist is absolute bullshit
absolute bullshit no one should ever use
that I turn it off immediately it's a
hundred times you sometimes you only
they only let you pretend you turn it
off you just turn it down but it's
always on in a lot of games I've heard
this that's bullshit it's necessary it's
necessary because because you're using a
poor tool you for the job at hand good
for a controller and like a platformer
or something yes you can be really good
like a Batman game pretty cool
controllers excellent for own Arkham
game you have to aim nope
no I'm pretty good with it a draw yeah
pretty
jack thinks he's as good as a mouse a
keyboard I not I did not say as good as
a mouse that keyboard I said I'm pretty
good with it outro now I'm not I'm not
trumpeting my own skills because you
know I've never I'm not multiplayer
trained you know I'm laid back a lot my
shooters I prefer that controls game but
in general we need it we do we need a
1v1 me versus Rich do multiplayer me out
of controller rich using mouse and
keyboard oh no no it's not I want back
to one Oh door not part all right that
makes sense
interface all right is there anything
together that's the power sorry I'm just
talking and exploring what's the chat
saying you know what take your time
right so it's fine
I was distracted with my rant they're
saying they want to they want to see a
1v1 you versus me you versus me
controller versus mouse and keyboard
which by the way that is not an
objective use of science at all like no
because I don't have multiplayer sure I
am probably terrible right versus anyone
good shoulder or not this isn't this
isn't me Tooting my own gaming skills
horn oh no and a mouse is infinitely
more precise than a controller
infinitely if you want to be the most
accurate you can be you use a mouse
absolutely I just prefer the feel of a
controller it's more comfortable for me
and that's fair
yeah I don't have anything against that
right and so you know like I've learned
how to kind of like set up my aim and
then Juke left or right to you know get
it perfect and you know as I figured out
how to work within my limitations
because it's more comfortable for me as
a mouse and keyboard user yeah I am and
I'm very insecure and I get defensive
that's why I'm kind of an asshole about
it sometimes you're insecure
yeah why I guess eventually desktops are
gonna go to the way of the dodo
everything's gonna everything's gonna be
a fucking tablet mouse and keyboard
itself will be obsolete and then all of
your dedicated gaming platforms are
gonna be forced to use a fucking
controller and shooters will be dead to
me it'll be the VR stuff like we saw
earlier maybe it's like this motion
controls are always so fun and precise
they're always precise - I'm dreading
the day where they tell me no you have
to use a controller and they're gonna
act like I'm in love with the idea -
here's your controller especially play
do 5 with your controller specialty is
specialty it's painted design just for
shooters it has super aim assist it
makes me sick check all you have to do
is walk into the room and we'll just
lock onto all the enemies for you you
can get all the demons rich it makes me
physically ill you can't get all the
demons you could you shoot them you
press the Shu
it's gaming's dark future okay oh nice
so good oh these are all the things we
can do
ships can defense or survey so these are
all good things
these are all good things why don't you
go to big view big fees are I forget
what it's called that view what is that
called I should know this I've played
this game before but so now why don't
you try um Survey Jack has made you so
mad why if I made you so mad I'm so
sorry
well someone explain what's going on yes
wait
I'm so sorry for anyone just joining us
for dusk errs we right now rich Evans
and I are controlling drones and these
drones have to search ships for us and
each drone has a little power that they
can do and we have to use the little
which way am I looking if the gay if
we're looking at the game this way so
there's that little console window down
there we have to type in everything we
want the drones to do and that's the
game I don't know if that is explained
properly civil war discussion here's my
civil war discussion yeah it didn't
excite me too much it was a movie film I
finally got to see and the people fought
that's my that's everything I have to
say about civil war I really don't have
any super in-depth interesting thoughts
and in fact I I no longer remember most
of the film it's a good spider-man
that's why I came a waste but a great
spider-man by the way all of his like
endless talking during the fighting I'm
in love with that spider-man I'm super
excited for his spider-man movie I
watched your half in the bag
yep because I finally seen it so I can
watch it now and something you said that
that was absolutely correct which is
this was two movies this was Captain
America with the Winter Soldier part two
yo which I would have been fine watching
and the Avengers
Civil War yeah there is no you could cut
out half of this movie and it would
still make a ton of sense there is no
reason to smoosh these two ideas
together it's a fine movie I was
entertained I really like the action
sequences the action sequences had
almost nothing to do with the story
unfortunately the the big fight at the
airport was utterly meaningless utterly
meaningless and as you all know I am a
it wasn't meaningless that was the
reason people went to see the movie
sorry it was utterly meaningless outside
of promotional materials
it was the spectacle and everything else
was the pretense to get to the spectacle
yeah but remember like do you remember
the spectacle in the first Avengers
movie of all the heroes coming together
and how that was tightly woven into the
story of the movie wouldn't that have
been great when that have been great
well this ship scan was that reveal
enemies - uh no no no it will not but if
you see in our 5 mm that little blue gun
thing yeah if you type in defense it
turns on all of the guns
well that shooted me it will if you're
in the room the gun is stationary okay
and you can always turn it off I still
don't know what enemies actually do once
they once they see that killed one
enemies defense in room r5 killed one
enemy and now it's up there you go nice
so our five is probably safe probably
yeah I think I think they going back to
Civil War I and I'll try and to be
spoiler free for anyone but I think the
way that they handled both Captain
America and Iron Man's argument for and
against these zarkovia
accord it like they each had one line of
dialogue to like to give their side of
the argument and then it's like I guess
we hate each other now
so teleport just moves him to a random
would like you have to pick where goes
actually you know what I've never used
the teleport so I'm probably pick a room
yeah
oh and that need that is new
oh look you can kind of see like the
dead body dead body Oh murder they're
all from the whatever was in there it
like no I and I don't think Civil War
was boring the action sequences were fun
and like each half of the story you know
each each individual movie because
there's two movies in the movie was was
interesting on its own but then they
kept jumping back and forth alright now
this is the section in which we we care
about the Winter Soldier again remember
his best friend Bucky God I don't care
about Bucky I also just don't give a
shit about the Winter Soldier you know
that's that's the other problem and now
this is the part of the movie where they
they hate each other but yeah so I just
it's not it's not particularly fun
seeing all these characters we like
hating each other now that's not
particularly fun it would have been okay
had yellow is yellow is drone I can't oh
no no yellow is scan is inconclusive to
whether or not there is an enemy in the
Hangout great there's something going
between our eight and our seven and you
can't control that door yet alright
alright absolutely Tiberius Kirk the
Winter Soldier Tiberius Kirk says the
Winter Soldier has been at the center of
two movies and they've done jack shit
with the character minimal backstory
minimal personal meaning absolutely we
are supposed to be so locked on to
Captain America that we just feel for
his best friend where it's like you you
you I that that whole movie was just
like fucking kill the Winter Soldier
already because I don't give a shit
about him or lock him in jail I don't
care do something with him to get him
out of this movie Oh
we have gotta keep you got to keep you
generator near the generator but yeah I
also hate his hair I hate his hair I
think it's dumb lure lure yeah
you can place a lure in a room with an
enemy and then it'll you know the enemy
will be drawn to it and then it'll beep
when it grabs a room near an enemy yeah
okay so I like overall I still liked it
it's a fine movie it's good but I feel
like I feel like this is I feel like
this is some of us telling you earlier
which is I feel like it is the most
comic book II movie in the Marvel
Cinematic Universe so far and I think
that's a bad thing there's so much
shoved in there and that doesn't work
for a movie they needed to simplify and
this needed to be two movies but I still
liked it you know
oh oh yeah see if you like it I was
right I had a door pre-typed in a case I
had to make a hasty retreat right and it
doesn't accept typos let's see here it's
destroyed you can't you can't oh so it's
just dead yeah but you can swap and see
if he's got anything what yeah she'll do
yeah
and a sensor nice what a sensor doing I
don't know oh wait does it tell you
press down drops a sensor which
continually scans a room for threats
could be nice no and I'm a huge Marvel
fanboy and like I'm not disappointed
maybe I'm disappointed I don't know
vitamins in it
why spider-man in it there's no there's
no reason for spider-man to be in it no
reason no reason for a man to be in it
like this could have they're getting I
don't know what it is about Hollywood
blockbusters where they feel a need they
feel a need for escalation and and I
think that's what damaged this movie for
me is oh you just get a shield look it's
just like always on apparently oh that's
neat
is I feel like this was a movie worth
like we we have to add more needs to be
big I needs to be better and it's like
we're okay with just simple stories and
good action alright I don't see why
people said it wasn't fun just because
it was dramatic no it was still fun it
was still a good movie it's it's no
Winter Soldier actually last night Lisa
and I were about to watch preacher and
we know we turn down the TV to watch the
recorded episode of preacher yeah and
Winter Soldier was on and we just kept
watching it because Winter Soldier is an
amazing movie
age of Ultron equals bad weekend civil
war it goes friendly skirmish at airport
knows that upcoming spider-man movie
will not be an origin story they've
already said that it's spider-man
homecoming and it is now Marvel
Cinematic Universe so spider we that
that right there was the spider-man
origin story we don't need an origin
story tomorrow which is awesome for
spider-man fans
that's right but Bucky is a MacGuffin
yonder yonder and there is no reason
that this movie should have been hanging
on his very life did you I'm hoping that
guy wanders into our five oh yeah good
idea
good idea no ant-man was not the weakest
thing in the movie the movie was the
weakest thing in the movie like it that
the fight and no shoot the airport fight
was a fun fight though defense in room R
5 killed one enemies oh good
boom toe tips not working tips not
working I'm very sorry oh shit oh you
forgot to turn off oh so I'm dead now
well you're disabled so we can tow you
back hopefully who's your interface guy
there is no way are you sorry you got
him
who's got the tow you got the tow who's
got the tow what's here here's not to I
I know you guys are trolling me about
Iron Man 3 which I consider to be a
perfect action movie I consider Iron Man
3 a perfect action movie because every
action sequence adds to the story or the
characterization and the same cannot be
said about civil war you can completely
remove all of those action sequences and
the only thing that will change is we
don't we won't know how people got from
point A to point B you know in Iron Man
3 if you take away action sequences you
are removing vital pieces of
characterization in Civil War the action
sequences only serve a purpose of
getting a character from point A to
point B except for the last fight
no spoilers
so it you know it was fine I'll see it
again when it comes to video on-demand
like when it comes to Netflix I won't go
to the movie theater to see it again
just to see if like I missed something
but I just think it's cluttered it's
just too cluttered and really I don't
think they could make two movies because
there's only so much makeup they can put
on Chris Evans to make him still look
young he's getting up there how old is
he Chris Evans yeah who knows don't you
feel like he's has so much makeup on in
those movies no I don't feel like that I
I see every one of his movies I feel
like he has makeup caked on him maybe
that's just how he looks but but that's
how I feel about Chris Evans you want
aging Robert Downey jr. this one he's
the one that's getting older oh sure
sure
agreed el Argentina overall I liked the
movie because of a horrible Marvel
fanboy I think if I wasn't a horrible
Marvel fanboy I'd be a lot harder on it
I think I've got a rhythm
you guys don't see it doesn't look like
Chris Evans has so much makeup on in the
movie what does that oh oh you can pick
up those scraps wait wait wait what
scraps
sometimes when you kill the bad guys
that drop scraps
I don't know what that means jibraan ski
I don't know what that word means I'm
sorry pure what
but it's it you know what it's fun for
the fight scenes I I wish I wish it was
more focused I really really wish that
it was more focused and now I'm very
excited about spider-man I want to see
more of that sh vitamin want to see him
do his swing e stuff
all right how do I fix how do I prepare
good shape swamp escape escape
modifications all modifications poor
Sarah Chan I'm going to sneeze it's my
fault that was dumb
pardon me pardon me
like also Black Panthers involvement in
that movie I'm not sure what he's doing
there and it's just I just trying to
kill Bucky I know what he's doing there
he's driving the the kill Bucky plot
he's driving the pickup buck well oh
sure you're right he's in Winter Soldier
- he's not in civil he's not an Avenger
Civil War he's in Winter Soldier -
you're right I just are you saying the
movie should have more fully about the
debate about the law rather than gotta
save Bucky and that's what makes it two
movies it's two movies there's the gada
saved Bucky movie which sure that's that
has black panther in it yeah absolutely
cap could have easily have tried to work
within the bounds of a law to save Bucky
a law that makes perfect sense to me now
everybody can run around blowing up
buildings that's not American I guess
technically the language makes sense
because you can't have you can't have
people dictating you you can't have
committees dictating when these people
can save people's lives the avengers
save as many people as they can to me
the most frustrating part about the
entire thing was the the the Secretary
of State or whoever the must at mustache
man was like New York and he shows like
the devastation and then he's like
austere Co via all I wanted was for
Captain America go yeah you remember
when we saved the fucking world
Oh Oh so I'm sorry we could we kill the
field we gave a few people in sarkodie
do you remember what we saved the
fucking world do you think that whatever
governing body regulates this thing
wouldn't say yeah save New York if the
superhero Registration Act were a law
during the avengers the first one you
don't think somebody would have said
yeah you're in get yes oh but don't do
your job but how long would it take how
long would it take them to get there
what how many more of those giant worms
would have come through I'm a I'm not
saying that no oversight I'm not saying
that they need no oversight I'm saying
that hat like the paperwork was not the
solution do you remember oh do you
remember that one time we saved the
world from Hydra fucking hell can can
you can you jack
just just go over to Russia
yeah and then just start like shooting
like a whole bunch of criminals you guys
shoot grenades at criminals in the
middle of a busy street right is that
okay
no of course not but we lose superhero
Registration Act yes before that that's
what it does that's what it prevents and
that's exactly what the Avengers did in
the opening of Civil War the fighting
with a band of mercenaries in a foreign
country they're not citizens of that
country they're not civilians got killed
so they weren't shooting grenades though
they are they were black they certainly
created a situation where people could
have gotten hurt and did they were also
protecting everyone from a deadly
biological weapon you're the big a
vigilante already is a crime yes it's
already a crime Gore's so why do you
need more why do you need more governing
bodies oh right because they save the
fucking planet sure you want you want
somebody responsible in charge of the
nuclear launch codes not anybody who
just wants to fire a nuclear missile no
but we're talking about people who are
nuclear missiles yes yes who by the way
who by the way have saved the planet
four times
maybe not the future just maybe maybe
next time they accidentally blow it up
sure absolutely or it gets blown up on
its own they neat you need a governing
body you need a leader but it can't it
can't be by committee it can't be it
can't you can't have any red tape when
people's lives are at stake in this
fictional universe what I have to say
Civil War I mean you could apply this to
the comic book Civil War so doesn't have
anything to do with the movie itself
yeah this is a matter what would you
call this it's not why the movie wasn't
exciting to me yeah wait what what we're
talking about now as far as the debate
oh yeah yeah yeah no but by the way this
debate that we are having they never had
in the movie no they each got one line
this debate I wanted in the movie in in
Avengers Civil War this this debate
would have been bigger broader maybe we
would have seen some examples of it
going one way or another to get both
sides of it so people could actually
choose their sides instead of having to
go off on the Bucky adventure I thought
I fixed that drum
you did not I'm pretty sure I didn't
remember after you put it in the queue
you have to I thought I did I thought I
did know now I definitely did now you
definitely why are these yellow should
this have been a curtain it should not
have been a courtroom drama obviously
but it should yeah they probably would
have been too interesting in a in a more
focused movie in in the Avengers Civil
War we could have had some action
sequences that highlight the pros and
cons of the Sarko via accord and then we
would have had some interesting
discussions some some morality tales
some nod it's not just black or white
it's grey and that would have that would
have made for a more focused movie
though I swapped power Chris Evans is
shirtless in all of the Captain America
movies it doesn't matter you can get
issue in GQ I'm sure he's shirtless on
that I'm not these a good you know goods
good-looking man but the thorah Thor's
rag knocking its rag knocking rich what
rag knocking the thorah Thor's going on
a super super smashing buddy adventure
with the whole fraggin man when is that
who knows next year this year I don't
know what else is coming up this year
the summer movies done dr. strick there
is that fall Doctor Strange is coming
out is that in ghostbusters oh please
some it's something to look forward to
Oh something look forward to oh god oh
no I said well you still got to see the
nice guys I hear that's a pretty that's
pretty girly kind of a lame summer of
the Ninja Turtles hardcore that that I
like the Ninja Turtles yeah but that
movie is just genetically engineered for
me to not be interested in it yeah
absolutely I don't I don't like Michael
Bay yeah I don't like his take on the
douche turtles yeah the dude bro turn
this is a douche turtles yes absolutely
III don't like the cartoon that they're
taking some of the elements from know
they take none of you don't care much
for Krang I hate bebop and rock be back
bebop and Rocksteady BB I hate them
they're stupid they are stupid I have I
have no respect for a villain that is so
horribly incompetent sure okay okay no
respect for that I can see that I can
see they're no threat to anything bebop
and rock yeah well you know they're
they're threat to innocent civilians
because they just fuck around maybe
they'll be competent in the movie but I
still don't like the cartoon versions of
them
so now like I'm not like excited about
seeing them in the big screen they look
they look ugly if you want to make me
not be excited for a movie based on a
franchise I kind of love do what they're
doing for the Ninja Turtle sequel do
that that's how you get me to not care
there's the new Star Trek don't care
about that actually dumped you mean the
dumb action movie that's gonna Star Trek
name on it yep there's uh is that this
year's coming up that's there's a
finding Dory a nice finding door yeah we
have finding dory there we go and so we
got uh is that all we have to look
forward to is finding Dory rich is not
smart enough to understand bebop and
Rocksteady please please explain it to
me it's a commentary on how the heroes
turn into the thing they hate the most
and how villains are actually
misunderstood it's a modern Aesop's
fable of course there's x-men but who
caves a fuck about x-men nobody and I
repeat nobody liked today's of Future
Passed ever ever I know people liked it
it looks dumb it's getting terrible
reviews already Bryan Singer doesn't
know how to direct action so you can't
even look forward to that
Aesop Rocksteady
absolutely none Cho Paris oh yeah yeah
neighbors too does look funny you know
we have to look forward to in the summer
season Mike and Dave need wedding dates
look it up written by the neighbors guys
I don't I have not listened to the
impossible kid yet I'm gonna get that
out and as soon as I get home the
impossible kid ASAP new Aesop Rock Album
Aesop Rock the greatest rapper ever to
exist the greatest rapper ever to exist
not true he's just he's he is he is the
most verbose rapper someone calculated
which rapper has the largest vocabulary
yeah taking all okay
you was that active yeah I think how can
you tell I might be coming for you yeah
there it was just moving towards you I
thought it was a turret oh okay okay no
it was the turrets don't show up as
colors enemies show up as colors well
that's gonna be a problem
that's right a Saab Rock had a bigger
vocabulary than Shakespeare they just
they they took all the rappers lyrics
and tried to find you know who had the
most unique words different use the most
different words and Aesop Rock was far
and ahead of any other Reba
a while back you recommended the book
wool do I think it would make a good
movie yeah maybe maybe there's ocean
there's a little we found some things
here oh okay whatis I found a ship
defense controlled via ship access
tournament ship upgrade remote power
used oh great so what does all of this
ok great ok so the ship upgrade is
something that you can tow back to your
ship and remote power is great it can it
can power one of those generators ok so
you want to tow that back to your dock
two things that ways you control chute
access terminals ship power remote power
and ship ship defense what a ship
defense no go back once once you drop
this off go ahead back there and see
what that is like wool is a lot I think
woah I'm gonna go ahead and agree with
mokey that mow wool would need to be a
miniseries not a movie
ship defense oh oh the ship defense is
the turret up there oh well if I turn
that on in here I'll just be dead
oh yeah but you can only turn it on with
a terminal but it basically when you
typed an info
it was just telling you all the things
in the room not the things that were
right Wow well what the hell is this
then that was where the upgrade was why
is your still a thing there to tell you
where it was
why do I need to know where it was
that's just gonna confuse me as it did
quite successfully Touche oh so the
alien is in our earth whatever it is is
in our five but the gun is in our four
and the terminal is in our five to
control the gun in our four so you have
to try to see if you can get it in our
four well how do we know it's in our
five oh I con there isn't that where you
work
didn't you didn't you live in our form
right but that was I looked in our three
yeah our three is clear but didn't you
look into our five and there was alien
or was that a ship ago no there's an
alien in our five now ya gotta get it
out of our five so I can oh my all the
shit alright if you can get it into our
four though you can kill it you know I
can use a lure I only got six of those
you can replenish them with scrap I
believe you're right
who's got that
she damn
now I can drop that in here right and he
will just he'll come to it maybe maybe I
don't yeah yeah I think you will I think
you will do you want to drop it there do
you want to drop it in our for you know
that's more that's much better idea
anything else first thing going on in
the chat I'm watching right now there
they're trying to the chat is currently
trying to bait us to talk about the new
Ghostbusters movie which isn't going to
work what just not it looks like a lame
comedy of course and everyone's gonna
criticize it and they're gonna be
labeled a sexist this is what they
wanted but why what's wrong with talking
about it because once again know a small
minority of the people will label people
sexist who talk bad about the movie
those people don't matter
the people who label anyone else's
sexist there will be some people I think
who will just review the movie as a
movie and it everything will be fine
I'm convinced that the angry video game
nerd
tried to sidestep the whole issue by
saying he wasn't gonna review it because
you know we didn't want to get money but
he just didn't want to deal with the
sexism bullshit and it just completely
backfired on him that's what I think
happened there absolutely do you agree
oh yeah I think I think he just wanted
to not deal with the UH so much for that
look I'll give him a little bit moving
around there you go Thanks nice all
right and that's the thing there is
there is a remote and very tiny
possibility rich mmm that the new movie
will be funny will it be better than
ghostbusters a dead doesn't matter it
matters doesn't matter it matters
because there's here's the thing yeah
here's the thing all right if the movies
okay yeah it's okay well then they just
shot themselves in the foot let's say
the movies funny just let's go out let's
go out on a limb here before before
let's just say not just okay not just
say it's a comedy movie let's say it's
funny movie okay then what all right
by calling the movie ghostbusters yeah
they have invited comparisons absolutely
they sent out RSVPs please compare us to
ghostbusters you all remember that old
Ghostbusters movie this is like
ghostbusters and even if it's good it's
gonna be let's say is average ly good
it's gonna be shit in comparison to the
movie that they are inviting comparisons
to now yes on the other hand if they had
just made a unique franchise some kind
of supernatural paranormal comedy
without all-female cast called it
something else oh yeah that's pretty
good is what people would have said
absolutely now people are gonna say if
it's the same quality they're gonna say
it's no ghostbusters why do they call it
ghost bombs
now they're gonna get they're gonna get
more ticket sales this way and that's
all they care about right but as far as
perception they've they've shot
themselves in the foot I mean you're
absolutely right yeah you're absolutely
right
defense and great great I'm just saying
there there is a possibility obviously
the trailer looks bad the jokes in the
trailer don't work but there is a remote
and tiny possibility that the movie
could be funny there are talented people
involved in making in the making of the
movie yeah but they've invited
comparisons to an all-time great classic
absolutely which is a huge mistake and
by the way even if it was a cast of hot
male comedians I was I'm sure I am on
audio records somewhere yeah when I back
when I thought it was gonna be like Seth
Rogen and Friends yeah like don't do it
I hope they don't do it it's gonna be
Seth Rogen or it's gonna be you know
whoever that's exactly who it would be
yeah if you Seth Rogen James Franco
who's the other who's the tiny Seth
Rogen yet man not a male broad who's the
one that was in the Scorsese movie and
in 21 Jump Street and in Superbad
oh I don't what's his name I don't know
Nate he's like a tiny Seth Rogen who is
that what's his name
Chad Chad
I mean Paul Rudd would to Jonah Hill oh
thank you Jesus Jesus Jesus yeah it
would be Jonah hell maybe Paul rod oh I
just want the wrong one out done it god
damn it what did you I did dumb of
course Jon Hamm would be in it somewhere
maybe he would be the bad guy but that's
the point the point is like what Richard
saying is correct even if it was a male
cast and even if it's funny it's being
compared did you forget to turn off the
defendant I'm so sorry
it's okay I'm so sorry shit happens jack
oh yeah yeah yeah is he still on
interface
sony announced there will be an all-male
Ghostbusters reboot as well that'll
never get off the ground or they'll hold
it off for a few years after the one
they're working on now bombs oh yeah
yeah yeah you can't get you can't do
that right away
yeah and just means we're double fucked
as well gotta clean up your mess yeah I
know every right side I probably learned
to turn the defense's off in the future
it's it's really helpful oh he died in
the doorway and not enough did you read
this one from you under him yeah and
someone says our tips are broken that's
it's not us it's PayPal that happens
every once in a while we're tips don't
work sorry if you want to tip but there
is an issue huh there is an issue that's
what someone's someone said they tried
the tape and it didn't work well gawrsh
darn it how we're very sorry but you
know just if you act previously recorded
in the chat it shows up in red for us so
we are more likely to see that if you
have a direct question for us oh you
killed the one with Moe I guess I can
always swap yeah dead or just injured oh
disabled no you know it's fine all right
if you're able to tow it it's it's still
salvageable
sorry Chen is salvageable sorry Chen is
salvageable okay so what do I want to do
here we're gonna we're gonna go
exploring
I was the one who posted that polygon
video because I thought it was amusing
uh yeah I thought it was funny I don't
like know the full context but it seems
funny whoa do you gather who's gather
sorry Chen we got a swap
check jaga lag what do I think about the
matrix equals I don't wow you don't
think about them at all
that the maid says I sent this tip how
you guys mentioned a crowd being silent
may be due to pass through being more
sane no it's something else that's all I
can say also how will our LMC Breen
lesson number four DVD or theater Terran
senses might tip I guess didn't go
through the actor plays Bucky is just
not interesting or particularly
sympathetic he's not yeah he you know
what he worked he works great in the
Winter Soldier because we only get him
for like two minutes at the end you
really have to deal with him as an actor
for two minutes at the end I guess you
just need to see a bit more human
through peek out every now and then
through brainwashed machine you know is
that is that a writing problem or an
acting problem question I I think as an
actor he's not terribly expressive I've
got it what it probably is is a director
problem good as an actor could he a fine
found some way to like have the ghost of
the Machine peek out every now and then
there's programming to be a murderous
psychopath but I don't I don't blame him
as an actor I think I don't think the
director had a clear vision for okay I
don't think the Russo brothers knew how
to handle his character and so he's like
he's nothing in civil war which i think
is his big problem
okay let's peek into d12 here
ooh even
is there a bad guy there is not oh crap
then is there a bad guy there is not we
win the lottery oh yeah even guess what
you coming with us right the the
SoundCloud for the latest review the the
new show yeah I think it's gonna be
pretty common for review I don't think
there are media plans to do that for our
other stuff though for for the for
review the new thing they did yeah
karmerz yeah
did you watch that I did yeah there's a
longer version on soundcloud oh really
just audio yeah oh I missed that I
missed that part that's innate that's a
good idea I know people like that oh
wait now tips are working thing um here
we go anonymous says hey rich hey Jack
hi do you know what's better than a
mouse and keyboard or a controller a
light saber
I mean thanks anonymous what lightsabers
are fine they're not worried ruling over
but they're fine navigate for to our
seven
close the 12 after you get through
and we have against two to our three
semicolon generator I can multitask I'm
home you know like chat scrolls so fast
sometimes yeah we have we have too many
fans what do you what do you what about
half you go away so I can read these
comments che run man of the people rich
Evans che run says you think they're
going to utilize the give Captain
America a boyfriend trend on Twitter and
make him buy I'm okay with it as long as
people lose their shit about it of
course it'll trend on Twitter of course
people lose their shit about it and of
course nothing will happen yeah they're
not gonna do anything with that
officially no like they still haven't
figured out how to just give him a
girlfriend they haven't figured out how
to do anything with him well he had a
girlfriend in the first one thank you
yeah Peggy Carter Peggy Carter but
they're saying make them bite the
problem with that as Bucky isn't very
interesting so you're giving him a lame
love interest
Bucky's not a love interest they knew
each other since they were kids
that's the best day of this whole thing
it'd be fella gonna maybe Falcon they
want to know I think they're trying to
pair him up with Bucky you think because
he's got out he's guys he's got such a
hard-on for Bucky and saving Bucky
he really does Bucky's Bucky will looked
after afters pair sure he's a best
friend you go for Sam you you hook up
with your best friend that's you want a
happy marriage you hook up with your
best friend yeah but these are the
movies I'm saying that the studio is
never gonna do it though oh god you're
you're holding breath all you want no
it's not gonna happen
sure no make a trend on Twitter make it
a whole big thing
nothing's gonna happen not not that
they've never they did much with Captain
America as a character in civil war his
personal life but the nice thing about
Winter Soldier right it was the whole
night
thirty's man out of time in an age he
doesn't understand and you want
stereotypical 1930s straight white male
for that bid to work so for that reason
I don't know about by Captain America
just you can play up the man out of time
that the traditional stereotype 1930s
guy he doesn't get by it doesn't get
rock music he likes listening to old
radio broadcasts sure sure and he's also
bisexual that it's just it's weird then
it's too much not not that there weren't
bisexuals in the nineteen thirty sure
that wasn't that wasn't a well-known
thing what you want to do is you want to
give him you want to give him a partner
who is bisexual or gay yes yes you want
to give him someone to play out and then
how how he that would matter I would
make him uncomfortable is he I don't
think it would make him uncomfortable
well eg when would huh it would if he
were really a night a man from the 1930s
that would so make him uncomfortable and
now he's a decent human being I'm gonna
say he could learn to deal with I think
they dealt with this in the comics yeah
I want to say I'm remembering a specific
panel where there's like a gay someone
or something and Captain America said
who gives it you know it's an American
to hate on your fellow brothers and
sisters or whatever you I want to say
they dealt with this in the comment like
the old comic yeah Silver Age comics and
they were just like no it's not American
to hate anyone who's American or
something yeah something like that
no I mean it might make him
uncomfortable but he wouldn't give a
shit you know cuz that's American
Captain America oh yeah I saw that who
cares it's not gonna last it's not it's
a new Captain America book whatever
nothing in the comics last nothing
nothing nothing matters do you guys know
that nothing matters
what are they doing with him in the
comics I'm not he's in the he just had a
new comic book come out like a new
captain yeah Captain America Steve
Rogers and as it turns out he's an agent
of Hydra he's been an agent of Hydra
this whole time oh yeah that's that's
that's gonna stick and that's not one
that's exactly what's happening yep it's
not part of some kind of either
mind-control plot or infiltration it's
neither of those doping soap he was
definitely an agent of AI during this
whole time
i-i never watched the agent carter TV
show because i've rarely ever watched TV
i wash it by the way yeah
going back to Civil War for a little
yeah I don't think this is a huge
spoiler it is is it well it's kind of
spoiler okay then I won't say I watched
it I watched the agent Carter TV show I
liked it you know what it was it was
sassy mm-hmm we get we get a the the
stark Howard Starks Butler teaming up
with with agent Carter John Jarvis
Howard Starks Butler is like a pro deer
a prim and proper British gentleman
teaming up with agent Peggy Carter -
like solve mysteries and do spy shit it
was awesome
it was awesome and sassy and I was
really upset to hear that they are not
making any more agent Carter his agents
of shield still on it is and it's awful
hmm but agent Carter was good and that's
cancelled yes well there's no justice in
this world jack
o agents of shield is so terrible I'm
gonna I'm about to spoil this season of
agents of shield I want you guys all
know that no one watches it so I don't
think anyone will care but for the next
three minutes I'm gonna spoil the shit
out of the season finale of agents of
shield or the last episode I don't know
if it was the season finale
they were touting up what's her name
Daisy
the main character the an inhuman who
worked for shield yeah had a vision of
the future because another inhuman gave
her power to see the future and she all
she saw in it was a shield logo on a
jacket in a spaceship in space with
blood and so it was an agent of shield
is going to die which agent is going to
die that was the all-season right yeah
there's huge here it is major spoiler if
you haven't seen it stop watching now
they made a slightly minor character
agent that episode and that character
died that episode that episode they made
a minute that is the lamest thing you
could do and you knew exactly who it was
at the beginning of the season it's
gonna be this do it was like a love
interest of Daisy's another inhuman who
had a bit of a temper a bit of a
wild-card he was in and out of all the
seasons uh-huh they made him an agent
that episode he sacrifices himself and
dies it's like
bull-fucking-shit
episode it's garbage that show is so
garble oh my god
it's it's such a shame because I love
Agent Coulson as a character and that
show has absolutely ruined him as a
character I can't even like to see him
as a cool guy anymore
you know Jim shooter is Jim shooter
shooter shooter he was for a while he
was the editor-in-chief at Marvel it's
also a Comics comic book writer okay
heroes first comic book when he was 14
he sent it in to DC and they liked it
they took a story oh but he wrote it
when he was 14 he wrote like a couple
issues of it was the Legion of
super-heroes okay where he introduced a
character a new character and then the
very next issue killed him off why
because kids were reading comic books at
the time and when they saw this new
character they they took him in as part
of team nobody died it's like Oh No
thank you about me someone so that was
just introduced
oh then Jim shooter shooter shooter yeah
he also ran valiant for a while before
they kicked him out he had a habit of
getting a high position in comic book
companies and then being hosted oh I
mean was he bad no he was great at
marvel universe as a universe was great
when he was in charge of huh I don't
know them oh we got Ethan here so we can
control our valiant when he was starting
valiant it was great where characters
could die and everything can you uh can
you lottery me
lottery me subs sure we're doing subsist
on your subs and mods gobbledygook Zabul
the gugs gob led gobbly gook so k I'm
ready oh look who's here oh I see ya gob
lead never talk about what a prick Jay
is he he's such a prick wait I spoke
with him yeah it's like a huge jerk
gobble do sorry
well I can only type in gobbledygook so
you're now gobbledygook even Ethan is
good to go and actually you know what
I'm gonna leave you out for this mission
I'm really sorry but I got here I just
never used teleport so I'm putting up
some soundproofing around there who said
today Jay made me do all of the work we
just sat down he didn't do anything oh
what a jerk what a terrible cherry hang
all these things were stealing no he
didn't do a bad thing
not a thing okay obviously I'm kidding
obviously
just just meaning never underestimate an
idiot that's what I've learned in life I
am just kidding
it's it's quite possible that when we
when we did the randomization we noticed
that Jay was watching this posture it's
very possible and so we just wanted to
poke at him a little bit
get rid of you okay great and so now
we're done with this system we've
explored all this - oh my gosh
so now we have to go to the galaxy this
is the galaxy yep I'm something that
takes a ton of fuel well these are these
are so there's propulsion and then
there's jumps okay so we have three
jumps let's see and then we can we can
zoom in on the system so that has some
ships and some just fuel depots that's
good let's see what's in here
yeah this says this is like a store so
there's like a trade clothes maybe I'll
do that one just out of curiosity chat
are there really people that think the
Plinko board is trashed and we're never
gonna use it again because it's not in
every episode no hmm I'm sure I don't
know I don't know the people that say
things like that I think I've rid of the
plague oh boy I know if they're just
kidding I hope they're just kidding
but I'm never like I said never
underestimate an idiot yeah that's true
trap a shield
oh nothing good nothing really good in
the store that's all right all right
never underestimate an idiot
okay great let's go there and let's
board enter here we go here we go what
no just looking at the chip Oh Olli we
get a little bit story fix the food
replicator on b-wing just a hiccup in
the communicator firing crazy signal to
the modular assemblers the whole problem
now though made myself up an amazing
slice of lemon meringue good so little
fellows are firing on all cylinders
again without anybody will complain as
fine as that pie I'll fire report out to
Leyland when I get back up to
engineering
let them who their babies are all good I
see then your computer automatically
links different theories together little
into what what is the name of this
horrible games
this is dusk errs and I am far too into
it it's it's a about exploring ships
using only drones you can only type in
commands into a console it's it's what
do you what do you call that when you
type in commands I put up just command
line prompt command prompt command
prompts it's it's incredibly and like
unexplainably engaging is what I will
say it's a whole different kind of game
if you want a different kind of game
this is your thing we've seen the new
Star Trek show teaser one would you like
it to be set pre original post TNG in
between don't they are to do a pre
original I haven't seen a teaser if
there is one as far as what I would like
be said none of the above is fine if
it's almost you know like a even if it's
a reboot I don't give a shit what why do
you laugh because it's such a rich Evans
thing to say what why what's wrong with
that grumpy old man and I think it's
funny no I wasn't no wait wait wait wait
wait wait how does this correlate with
being a grumpy little man life start
rectify step trick I just wanted to be a
new Star Trek that's how it's coming
across
grumpy old man was would be I wanted to
be the like the what I like t ng right
ale deviate from it formula first of all
that would be great I'm saying just you
know it's okay to wipe the slate clean
that's I'm saying that's the young
that's the young hip guy thing to say
what we're the midlife crisis thing to
say maybe I'm having a midlife crisis oh
no no rich is having a midlife crisis as
far as dusk errs Huskers III I think
this is enjoyable but my mindset is all
doom doom II doom doom oh yeah and this
this game has given me whiplash yeah
coming from doom yeah this was a downer
this was personally this this was a
downshift that I needed after doom I
just needed to like a game that I could
not would doom a part that I cut out of
the episode is me explaining how after
every chapter of doom I had to pry my
fingers off of the controller because I
was so into doom and so I just I just
wanted a light game I'm caught up in a
tipster get it caught up rich local kept
bug says just joined as we are kind of
already addressed this sorry if you've
discussed it already have you seen the
teaser for the new Star Trek show well I
want to ask the chance oh great
if you have what era would you like to
see the show to listen yep ironically I
already read that let's yeah one small
ball says hey rich do you ever receive
the very meaty juicy shirt I sent you
love the stream fellas mostly because of
rich though I have that's wrong with
safer right now I have plans I have
plans for it I have plans for the
t-shirt one small ball oh oh there's
plans minor ones none get your hopes too
up they were they were but I've planned
for it it has a destiny nonnamous it's a
destiny this game needs more murder
and demons and loading barrels and a
better theme song fuck yeah Jack you
wanna do you want to serenade everybody
oh god I can't do you can't put me on
like the Ford eskers no oh I was gonna
just do one again but oh I thought you
wanted me to make a disco song after my
after Phoenix right out it might be
musical about you don't have to I'm
sorry for putting you on the spot
no desk errs gets no theme song I like
I'm sure everyone has noticed dusk errs
has no music it only has like the beeps
the bloops and the slight humming from
all of your drones and one time I tried
playing and I put some music on in the
background and I hated it it ruined the
experience for me I only want to hear
that bleeps the bloops I noticed her
scans have never detected a human corpse
I'm assuming that significant maybe I
don't know here's something fun that
after reading the manual I read the
manual I printed out the manual and read
the manual which i think is great
because it looks like it came out of a
dot matrix printer you can use a
semicolon in between commands to to make
a chain and so right now I want I want
three to go to r3 and an interface and
so I navigate three to R 3 and then in
turf a interface
ok and then he'll go there and interface
once he's there and he's adorable make
the thing move and I was gonna face
oh good a defense well sure let's see
what and what we can't uh let's see what
we can kill Oh nope our defense turrets
found shit TNG after-dark says hey guys
either of you hear about the horrible
shaming of Jack and Josh in the
SoundCloud version of review the shaming
shaming I have no idea because I've not
heard him did Jay and Mike Sheamus they
would never do that
have you ever said anything bad about
trimmers I have only said good things
about trim okay okay tremors is one it
schirmer's is an amazing movie I just
assumed after reading that that you had
like a negative opinion about tremors
but tremor tremors is an amazing movie
and I do I don't I mean I don't I just
don't believe you I can't imagine a
world in which Jay and Mike would make
fun of their friends I think that would
be yeah in yeah in incomprehensible I
wouldn't believe it at all
I know you listening Jay would you say
would you say I'm sure it's fine they
said they would have an episode of Jack
and Josh and it would be the lowest
viewed episode ever well it's not
shaming this probably is true that's not
that's not shaming that's you oh you
mean that you mean Jay and Mike said a
correct thing
yonder yonder says oh wait I missed one
here tired and sad says Civil War was
overall well made Downey juniors
performance again was the highlight of
the film but the actor playing Bucky
slash Winter Soldier is neither
sympathetic or interesting agree to the
second part I agree that Robert Downey
jr. had a good performance but just it
wasn't a very fun Tony Stark and
obviously what they were doing with the
character there's a lot of angst going
on it was appropriate eggs for the story
but I'd rather just watch Iron Man 1
again when he was snarky and
and fun and kind of an ass and not kind
of frazzled and depressed I you know I
would prefer rewatching iron men you
know I think you need you need you need
the ebbs and flows rich you need you
need a frazzled and depressed iron man
so you can come out of his funk I'm sure
fit into the universe this is a landmark
necessary film but I don't know that I'd
ever want to watch it on my own again
yonder yonder says why did no one point
out that the government's response to
the invasion of New York was to nuke the
frigging see that's what you get that's
what you get with a council by the way
nobody is above the law what you're
doing what you're doing by by saying
Iron Man and Captain America and friends
can do whatever they want all of the
time they can do whatever they want all
the time I'm saying Oh run away run away
what's going on an airlock burst in that
room uh-huh and now it's filling the
ship with radiation oh so we are running
away Nana says rich I've been down
lately and nothing has compelled me to
keep fighting more than your epic tree
balls battle free balls down I'm
rereading that again just cuz it sounds
so weird
nothing has compelled me to keep
fighting more than your epic tree balls
battle true greatness comes not from
never getting hit but never staying the
fuck down you're welcome but what does
the tree balls battle what what what
could autocorrect into tree balls Oh
blood-borne a nut bloodborne Dark Souls
3 oh I almost forgot about tree balls
good
three balls I'm glad to have helped
anonymous says Jack and rich I'll have
you know that there is a growing
community of hypnosis fetishist online
and we don't appreciate your your what's
this kink shaming hat front first of all
we're not talking about a king shared
between consenting adults
we're talking about a tutorial video on
how to circumvent consent who can
consenting adults that's the real key
yes that's the real key to this you owe
you want it you want to pretend like
you're your hey your hip it's all great
that's today that's your thing I've
there's weirder stuff out there yeah you
want pretend you're somebody who agrees
ahead of time yeah hypnotize me and
we'll have sex sure you know hypnotize
me and we'll have success yes yeah like
they know they're gonna have sex before
they're hypnotized sure sure do do you
do man do you do
there was a lot of rape in that last
best of the worst
it's here's the thing we don't we don't
we don't like screen the movies ahead of
time right and the wheel is random
chance yep it just worked out that way
sadly yep yep unfortunately it happens
sometimes
okay hold on the sequence of events
simply doesn't add up for a moment from
loss of contact and nothing suggests
there was a disturbance in space-time
whoever wrote this report are only
seeing things that they want to see the
objective truth is that reading readings
present an element of specific a
specific specificity that is not often
found in nature they could a pattern
first loss of communication then loss of
location who will require further
military investigation literally beep
beep and you haven't seen Deadpool yeah
right no I need to I know I need to and
I know it's available now you do need to
I it comes up like during streams or
when I'm at the studio talking to Jerry
Mike yep oh yeah and he'd say that I get
home at the time I get home I forgotten
about the conversation and I forget to
get a copy of Deadpool ah is what's
happened gotcha pal leg with dread does
I fully intended to watch that for a
while yeah what's read I got home I was
not thinking about it yeah yeah yeah and
the while the revenge videochat was also
kind of morally reprehensible yeah it
doesn't have the creep factor oh yeah
rapes got a creep factor that that mail
fraud doesn't both illegal rich
understatement of the year see but
apparently it needed to be stated is the
problem
one of those is kind of more disgusting
than the other right both bad thrombus
the gorlok says I enjoyed what they did
with Tony Stark in Civil War I prefer
they shake his character up a bit before
he gets stale rather than waiting for
him to get stale and then shaking him up
haha I I'd rather have as many enjoyable
appearances with that character before
Robert Downey jr. just stops doing it
all together there's what I'd rather but
then yeah it's just me I know everyone
loves Civil War I'm just I'm the outlier
that's fine that's fine
everyone likes what they like and that's
fine no and like to me it's all a focus
issue it's all a focus issue if if we
would have had Avengers Civil War we
could have had like he wouldn't need to
be morose because of certain spoilers
that needed to happen because of the of
the the the Captain America Winter
Soldier Part two and it could have been
fun Tony Stark all right you know what I
don't care okay perfect
Darrin says hey guys I got to meet max
landis over the weekend I used to think
his attitude was obnoxious on camera but
in person he was a genuinely great guy
also where do you want expend to go
after singer just make it out of there
in pole cuz apparently that's a really
good film that feels great just make
another Deadpool I don't care x-man you
you need the x-men needs what oh no any
issues of the x-men I've read I know
you're not an x-men guy zero I'm zero
issues I'm an ex parent I you need a
director who can handle an ensemble and
you have a big problem there because not
many directors can who and and who can
do that and give us good action
sequences what do you what do you do
story-wise for the next x-men yeah
oh that's that's a good question
they've already dragged out all of the
big guns anything yeah
Days of Future past apocalypse all over
the government the government kind of
laws Sentinel kind of stuff they did
that in x-men - yeah you know they they
were they had a really fun storyline in
ultimate x-men in which many of the
mutants got captured by the Weapon X
okay you know I'm just stuff can happen
to your ship while you're not doing
stuff sounds bad a bunch of mutants got
captured by the Weapon X program yeah
and they were forced to be mercenaries a
bunch of the x-men and so that's your
story because we already have
established mutant characters people
know who they are already yeah they get
kidnapped and forced into mercenary work
and the story is them freeing themselves
and and and possibly stopping some sort
of you know bad thing from happening
that maybe they were assigned to make
happen badly or whatnot sure that could
be a fun story they're simple we don't
does it not everything needs to be saved
the universe simple can you can you do
the age of what was suppose the the one
we're at I'm the big storyline they had
work time got rewritten at the age of
fog lamps was that what that was called
the age of something ya know the Phalanx
I know they did a big storyline is the
only other major x-men storyline I can
think of the age of something work time
got reset everything was different for
first three months of comic time before
it got undone like Professor X was I
think assassinated in the past and that
changed history sure what was that
called
let the Age of Apocalypse no that's
that's Days of Future past isn't it
Age of Apocalypse yes rich ok well the
real vein of course it sounds kind of
generic you build that's the framework
the story is the framework then you get
some nice character moments you get some
you get some other stuff we need some
simple stories this is the x-men
Cinematic Universe not there really
isn't that was really an x-men Cinematic
Universe yet I guess they've all just
been x-men sequels is it big enough for
like an age of apocalypse because that's
it's the only other big x-men story that
I can think of we don't we don't need a
big x-men sir we need a small xx2 was a
fine movie because it was simple great
then they already did it we don't need
to make more that's my that's my stance
that's where I'm coming that Square how
does it's where I'm coming down on this
sure they've done it they're done done
but that will never fly anymore
nope you can't just say we're done we
did it we did that room you know you
gotta keep cranking out that franchise
turn that franchise crank yep Nico :
says hey guys 2016 is already almost
half over that true sure life is
depressing what what movie are you most
looking forward to the rest of this year
none apparently we kind of talked about
it earlier there's nothing that I can
think of exciting coming up gobbledygook
says any thoughts on new Xbox one and
ps4 thinking of getting an nvidia gtx
1800 or a 10/10 89 800 sorry specs look
really good
do you ever worry about future games
that won't play well and DC Universe
Online is still free you fucks thanks
for letting us know the the big
announcement
in the console world is Xbox one is
announcing future not Xbox - yeah
upgrades to Xbox one Xbox one with more
powerful internal components and slimmer
designs so basically what people would
do to their PC like swapping out one
piece and putting in another piece but
it's a whole new Xbox my brain is
calculating is this gonna replace having
a future is this gonna replace ever
having an Xbox - maybe this is gonna be
from here on out upgradable consoles is
the question right is that it no but
they're not upgrading it they're selling
a whole new console you can't upgrade
your cup but I mean instead of ever
having an Xbox - is there just gonna be
like a a blur and then is that gonna
eventually lead to is they gonna
eventually lead to confusion on who can
play what on what yes yeah yes you you
need to you need an Xbox one mark - so
even though even though I'm a PC elitist
yes this is another example of a console
taking on some of the worser aspects of
PC gaming yes where there's always an
issue with like what am i specs yeah
wait what's the recommended settings
yeah yeah what's the optimal setting
yeah yeah absolutely
okay absolutely so so by the way that
whole argument about like oh you get a
console because it's easy you put
something in a place gone yeah gone as
far as me worrying about that kind of
stuff on my current pc i think my pcs DS
enough where i have a fair amount of
future proofing cuz yeah we're gonna get
you some more ram yeah I need some more
RAM yeah we'll get this more yeah I
think I'm good for a while I'm playing
doom on ultra and I know a lot of people
are having issues with that you're fine
do an ultra yeah nice
nice rich I all of the recommended specs
for that game not-not-not quantum break
fucking joke - mage says you guys
mentioned a crowd being silent may be
due to pass through being more sane no
it's something else that's all I could
say also how will our LMC Breen lesson
for DVD or theater didn't wait brother
coming up earlier it be son of the gun
but he didn't hear it when we brought it
up earlier okay look I haven't seen
passed through I don't have any thoughts
on it yep I mean its first theater I
haven't heard about any theater ones
will probably end up seeing it in DVD
probably just because I mean I can't
Milwaukee isn't isn't usually high on
the list for for smaller show what's
this fourth movie right past their
fourth or third I think it's this fourth
we've only seen the one we've only seen
double down there's double down there's
I am here now there's another one so
pass-through might be is fourth yeah
we're still in less than one I'm not
there's no rush no there's no rush rush
Michael Cote ca says are you guys doing
doing to do anything with new key tapes
also whatever happened to that box and
the one best of the worst you guys
opened new key tapes uh-oh you know I'm
fired well yeah we did a few more if
that is so old that is so old we just
need a few more guys that that joke ran
out of gas a year ago just need a few
more fumes the new key jokes running on
fumes
why do you think we need more tapes I
tried to reinvigorate it like like a
month or two ago but I came up I like
implying that we're building some kind
of mecha suit out of new key tapes by
the way Jay makes a very good point if
we saw a pass-through in the theater we
wouldn't be able to record our reactions
that's true of all right yeah we're
almost certainly gonna watch that on DVD
is actually having a theatrical release
some very confused yeah yes he's an
insane person rich Wow yeah and the box
was full of some guys made like eloise
coal themed like props
Oh eloise coal the the the grief cloth
the grief clone who he implied was some
kind of death goddess and he made like
love crafty and kind of like tablets
they found for Alois coal what kind of
stuff telegin this is Jack thanks for
the feedback on my film I just want to
know one thing is it worse than things
nothing is worse than things I did I did
finally watch the the student film
adaptation or the the adaptation for the
class gave some notes look into that
book great book I haven't seen your
thing but things is the worst things
it's just the work yours yours wasn't as
bad as things because it wasn't as long
as things short but like I said look
look into that that's cinematography
book that I I mentioned really great
resource for bait for kind of the
fundamentals of setting up shots and and
editing and it's great it's a great
little book T and G am G dark says are
you for sure waiting for max to watch
pass through or will you just eventually
watch it I don't know that we're waiting
on max not not that I'm against watching
it with mags but I mean we'll get to
when we get to it I don't know there's
it was in Los Angeles I don't like he
can just come over and hang out on a
moment's notice some reason Julian
hasn't been back you know there's just
things people we don't know we don't do
everything all the time for everybody
all the time what but
I am going to stand up oh my god you're
probably right Oh navigate to our nav
the way navigate who do I want navigate
three to our 2 semi-colon interface go I
got dip cap kept fucking damn it
navigate 3 to our 3 semicolon interface
why is it saying our to navigate 3 to
our three no interface felt like I was
taking crazy pills I can do a ship ship
scan
alright alright alright alright I I'm
gonna stand up let's it's time to stand
up yeah I can't believe I've been
sitting for so long this is how I get
very engaged in this game and it might
not look like it's the most exciting
thing in the world
but like any good horror movie because
you can't see everything it's incredibly
engaging your your most scared of the
monsters you can't see and that's all
that's all this game is is you not
seeing stuff is crazy
great

[Part II]
so you pretty much play the whole game
from the screen then it's faster once
once you get the commands down it's
significant except for here because they
get dummies and then we're exciting them
visually ah don't you think it's more
exciting visually that's not a factor
just out of curiosity I'm not saying
you're wrong
oh sure you know like I always I always
like to enter a room like this you're
good to get the layout but then like
when it comes to actually like my
mission this screen is just it's just
easier for everything but like here you
know I'm about to move my shielding guy
into our five and this perspective check
yeah mic problem bad cable will get
another cable thank him okay d12 quick
type in d12 again just in case is any -
nope there's not okay do you do that
because I did it or is that something
you were doing earlier that's something
I did early okay that's I think that's
just a normal thing that's a good
instinct so far I've only hurt myself
while playing this game I haven't been
hurt by a monster well that's what I was
that's what I was saying is like like a
the the monsters you can't see and you
don't run out until very often it's just
like it's like an old horror movie where
it's like they're just implied om you
get that you get that stuff but you
don't run into them very often well you
know there's maybe one or two per ship
okay it's not like it's not like doom
you know it's not like there's just yeah
so what is the book you recommended I
always recommend wool wool is a
fantastic book I was on the reference to
uh that guys filmed that movie oh he did
an adaptation of a Rahl doll short okay
I think you know and you told them
you've recommended a book oh oh yes oh
sorry sorry the book I recommended is a
telegin check yeah yeah yeah
it's called cinematography theory and
practice by Blaine Brown I'm gonna thats
off the top of my head someone try to
find that for me it's it's basically a
textbook on cinematography but it's a
really fantastic read if you are into
filmmaking stuff and it kind of breaks
down how you set up shots why you're
setting them up this way and then giving
real movie examples of how directors and
cinematographers have set up shots and
like kind of what they do in a story
sense so this book will instantly make
you a good filmmaker instantly a good
filter just need it's that easy to read
I really just skim it just skim it it's
it's called cinematography theory and
practice I want to say written by
practice that's probably it that's
probably it's it's a really great read
but but more importantly the what I was
telling Telekom is that his short was
missing a lot of fundamentals you know
they were crossing of the 180 lines that
like the shots weren't established
properly 180 that's a classic the one
it's a classic the classic and and so
basically it was just missing all the
fundamentals yeah it's like you know for
you know like still work on that and
here's a book yeah which basically lays
out the fundamentals which is gray okay
okay it's a really great read if you are
into film and such I remember worrying
about 180s back in the day oh yeah the
idea with the 180 line for anyone who
doesn't know is when you know in a movie
when two people or when there's any
action including when two people are
having a conversation you have to draw
an imaginary line yeah it's just like
you know rich and I are having a
conversation so there's a line in
between us the camera I mean let me move
sure
so so there's a line in between us and
if the establishing shot is here seeing
both of us
line is never supposed the cameras never
supposed to cross the lie the imaginary
line created by us action so you're
never supposed to like jump to a cut
over here because we're here because
when you do that like right now we're
facing each other right and on Jack shot
Jack can we looking this way am i shot
I'm looking this way right
if you cross the 180 rule it would look
like this so we're having a conversation
we're standing in the room when we're
talking about things and I'm looking
this way jack is also like in it's you
know yeah and so it looks like we're not
looking at each other following the 180
degree rule means that you are creating
a space that the viewer understands and
I think you see that in everybody's
amateur production violation of the 180
we're absolutely unless of course you
see the camera across the 180 line then
you can cross but basically fundamentals
fundamentals that's the name of the game
left over beefcake says this money's on
rich in the 1v1 doom battle
keyboard/mouse
FTW no there's the thing they got you on
okay how fast move ridiculously fast
nice goddamnit now that doors stuck open
and there's all that loot is there a way
to destroy this thing you haven't it
lose the loot
Oh air lock well you lose the you'll
lose the disabled yeah but I have extra
drones
oh no but that drone has what is that
100 yeah I can lose that one can you get
into D 11 real quick maybe I'll find
like a turret or some other way to lure
it no he needs to fast
I'm just open in the airlock okay
morning opening the ale yes it's not
even gonna try to save that poor drone
nope oh now it's not affect every door
that's open or is just the adjacent room
every door that's opened
ouch wait did that work oh I know this
shit something weird going on because
the doorway is blocked why is d11 red
all of a sudden that happens sometimes
doors just malfunction randomly okay
sensors are still working I don't see
him but he might be in there somewhere
but it didn't suck me out so maybe it
didn't suck him out maybe didn't blow
the airlock maybe there's something
wrong with the airlock is that a
possibility I have no idea maybe that's
not an airlock in there Oh God
TNG after-dark says what do you guys
think about a prereq book club all kinds
of fine literature could be read you
guys would be bigger than Trump I
haven't thought much of it a book club
has never come up he probably don't read
as much as I should
if should is a thing he can really say
Karen reads all the time mmm
Karen reads ravenously and she's such an
avid reader she actually reads to me she
likes reading so much she wants to share
a story she loves she read the Martian
to me like out loud that's very cool
yeah yeah it was very pleasant that's a
very pleasant makes me happy makes her
happy but you know what rich that's a
you got a hell of a deal going there oh
you're gonna provide me with free
audiobooks and a soothing voice from a
person I like I don't know about this I
don't know what this deal right here
I thought the pens not what you mean by
reading the only thing rich reads their
menus
I don't read many like novels like that
kind of book but like I'll read
interesting things online there's an
article about something I find
interesting or I'll hear about something
I like I'll look up like the Wikipedia
article for this weird thing oh what's
this all about
yeah hey I go in and out of reading
spurts looking for articles about the
demon core was it now it was one there's
a reason cause is a real thing that's
back when like they were doing nuclear
testing when when the atom bomb was a
new thing they're playing around with
like uranium and it was one uranium core
that just through a series of fluke
accident accidents killed like ten
people well they didn't kill 10 people
it did expose like five of them to a
massive amount of radiation oh my god
like I remember hearing that story that
was interesting and I looked up you know
this play like my evening was just
looking up information and reading
things about that sure sure
not quite novels but it's not like I
never my eyes like my eyes never read
words never rich we we get it we get it
you hate books
I remember you know like I just I just
had a lovely audio book experience with
Dirk gently's holistic detective agency
Wow playing stardew valley huh it was
great that was great because it was you
know read by the author and yeah lovely
British man reading a very British book
I went through a phase four years ago I
was like thump creepypastas just kind of
fascinating I was reading some of those
time there was some genuinely good
authors mixed in there sure sure
that's fine Sophie you know readings
fine
I don't know we probably wouldn't ever
do a book club just because it's like
yeah yeah whoo you know who's got time
to read super-predator I should have
read that first this was talking about
the demon that was on the ship that got
me all right what do we got what do we
got
Jesus Christ
since make America great again okay
we'll do that we'll get right on it
rich and I we're making America great
I'm the case on a case abortions for
everyone oh no okay abortions for some
time America's flags for others yeah
abortions for no one
oh yeah I win oh yeah yeah then avoid
some tiny American flags
Simpsons references before we started
this stream I told Jack you know I want
to start the stream just by saying okay
we got to talk about abortion just to
fuck with everyone
common sense eventually won the day yeah
I just wanted to fuck with everyone and
pretend we're gonna have like a long
serious talk about abortion perfectly
normal because it amused me that's fine
tired and sad says please rich as George
Lucas would you explain the importance
of cinematic bundles like the 180 degree
line you know when you have two people
talking well I'll make sure you don't
have a camera across the line huh
well actually you know what it doesn't
really matter cuz we can always flip
that in post just make sure you got a
good shine to that green and we put
everything in there doesn't matter it
used to be really hard getting
establishing shots and you interned you
have my coffee but but now we just make
that in the computer so it works very
nice savage and Sarah Chen I make you go
out first because you have a shield and
so I'm hoping you can deflect well you
can deflect some damage in case there's
a monster probably prob'ly
as common sense absent from politics yes
yes yes what else you want it's a big
game and it's not people who genuinely
care about you Trump is a board
millionaire who started this on a lark
and then it became serious all the
sudden and he's probably terrified like
I never thought I would get this far oh
Jesus Jesus what am I gonna get out of
here Hillary just don't think she
deserves to be there it's her turn I'm
sure that's what's going on in her mind
well it's my turn now possibly it's just
a depressing election cycle hmm oh it
has nothing to do with their politics I
just think they're genuinely bad people
so you can talk about anything as long
as you're being adults about it and
you're not just screaming at each other
and getting offended or trying to offend
somebody for no good reason
yeah I mean we try to keep it light on
the politics talk here because you know
rich and I are a couple of assholes and
you know you should not listen to us at
all but you know I'm not talking about
their politics exactly you know I'm just
talking about people I'm talking about
them as public figures
everybody's a dickhead that's the
general rule everybody is a dickhead
everybody six that offends me rich well
know what good everyone should learn to
deal with being offended here and there
oh yeah the whole world doesn't exist
just to placate your idealism your
thoughts you know it's the best thing
you can do for a kid let him hang out
with other kids so that gets sick builds
up their immunity there you go you got
to get offended every once in a while so
you know you go getting offended
sorry chin says right mmm and more so if
you're living your life not giving it
getting offended by anything you can
find some new friends you're not living
life you're not seeing enough shit if
you're not offended
you're not seeing enough weird shit in
your life get offended it's fun it's fun
yeah that's person on Facebook who post
things you don't like
maybe maybe don't block them or just
read what they have to say every now and
then build up your immunity deal with it
God see some weird shit it's great
sorry chances are you ready for there
being only zelda and all of the Zelda
for Nintendo e3 I don't know how to feel
about that also thank you for driving
Roomba sorry tonight sorry for dying
three times well that's our fault as far
as all zelda and all of the zelda i mean
well what does what does Nintendo have
when it comes to franchise they got
Mario they got Metroid
they have starfox which they just came
out and they absorb right starfox you
only get what one game every 15 years
for starfox then they just had one so
obviously there's gonna be those starfox
at 83 right Mario games now come out too
often so it's not even it's not even a
surprise anymore I was the last full-on
Mario game not just a game with Mario in
it like Mario like I don't count
Mario Kart as a true Mario game I don't
count like Mario Party is true marry the
last Mario platformers Mario 3d GLaDOS
notice when the console launched no new
super mario brothers you
it was like one of the first things in
the way you do this 3d Mario 3d World
was it I think so so they probably you
know it'll make them that often though I
want to say well maybe it's just because
he's in every other fucking game like
Super Mario maker Samara maker oh yeah
yes well in the year right yeah yeah
yeah it's a great game no yeah Metroid
there's this verdict dearth of Metroid
lately I guess they just came out with
like a they announced some like
multiplayer Metroid shooter for the 3ds
there should be a new Metroid game I
like him enjoyed 3d yes whatever was
last metroid game they didn't firm out
or air made the prime trilogy did they
yeah and team ninja I think made other
embryo that's right everyone hated that
why don't they make their own Metroid
games there why did they farm that one
out it's weird
today fun I mean the original was them
do they no longer have the guy who made
the original I don't cuz Miyamoto you
know they still make Zelda and Mario cuz
Miyamoto is still there right yeah did
he who made the original Metroid maybe
they're gone and maybe they don't know
what to do with it maybe they just they
look at her and they're good they I'll
space pirate I'm wrong I was
rarer it was retro that made the pradd
games I'm sorry that that sounds much
more correct it wasn't it was a third
party in any case right
it wasn't Nintendo wasn't in house how
do you fuck up starfox is the new one
bad
I heard the controls are awful because
they had to integrate the motion
controls so yeah see you wait you wait
15 years for a starfox game and it's
crap because they got to work the
gimmick they got to justify the gimmick
yep classic Minton is classic Nintendo
here's what the innovative NX is gonna
be it's gonna be both a handhold and a
can't console they're gonna it's gonna
be basically basically the Wii U only
the the handheld thing there's also
gonna play its own games and they're
gonna try and cuz you know their
handheld market has always been strong
for Nintendo yeah
they're gonna try and grow their console
numbers by attaching a handheld to it
that can function independently of the
console that's my prediction for what
the big innovation is the NX
hmm I can be down with that I like
handhelds and it's an attempt to inflate
though console numbers by basically
bundling it with it with their next
handheld yeah yeah that's probably you
know that's probably the smart move on
their call bait you know a handheld that
you can plug into a TV that's what
everyone has always wanted great what am
I gonna do here what am I gonna do here
rich
nothing great you get to die I mean
we're all gonna die I mean eventually
sure but you know what do we say it to
death not today Nana says I have been
accused of being extreme but would you
guys be willing to agree that these rich
of these rich pathetic just like thank
me at first these rich politician
lawyers deserve to be locked up in a
room and buried to death
I never go that far but they probably
don't deserve to have political power I
think we know you don't kill it don't
kill anybody that's never there's times
when it's okay
well unless they're like a really bad
person and you can prove it if you've
got a guy running towards you with a
suicide vest yeah yeah you can gun him
down
absolutely well that's what I'm saying
really bad person and you can prove it
yeah then yeah go ahead what's what's
the general what's the general rule is
you take the or what's the the thing
they always say is you take the the the
richest most powerful people of all the
worlds you get them in one room together
and give them all the diseases and then
you see how fast they cure in the long
run and wouldn't do any difference in
the long run we would know what we would
have less diseases you know era I'm
gonna I'm gonna drop some knowledge oh
shit you know what the problem is with
the human condition the perhaps
uncurable problem the people who are
most attracted to power the people who
seek a power out are usually the worst
people to actually have power the
personality that causes you to want to
have power also makes you a dickhead
probably rich and even if you killed all
of the bad politicians eventually the
next crop would also be the same kinds
of jackass that's why you do my thing
cuz then at least you don't have a
cancer no more you need to you need a
essenti a computer to run everything
that's what you basically need the kind
of shit that Kirk used to destroy all
the time on the original series is what
you actually need for a good perfect
society need Ultron Nana says Richard
Richard guess who Gazoo what kind of
guess who okay that makes more sense
yeah what kind of camera does the red
letter media team use I often struggle
making videos look less amateur does it
depend upon the lenses or the angle she
shoot from well I am NOT the guy to ask
these things because I am moron yeah
listen if you got if you have a
modern-day smartphone you can make
really great looking videos modern-day
smartphones have great cameras on them I
say that all the time and it's really
true we
I use and I know J and Mike have a
couple Panasonic f1 hundreds is that
what they are J are you still in chat
can you confirm or deny that am I am I
getting the name right hold on let me
Google this really quick and a sonic
jazz policy reason like talking about
gear yeah well fuck it
too late a f100 is what it is Panasonic
a f100 that's what I use and you can get
different lenses for them it's it's a
Panasonic camera that shoots two SD
cards that you can have interchangeable
lenses on it so it's you kind of get the
best of both worlds with as far as you
can you can get really good glass in
front of it but it's also just a
standard video camera that shoots the
nice video good compression Panasonic AF
180 I'm like I want to go first which
were not out you're not a political
scientist I never claimed to be this is
my opinion might be wrong could easily
be wrong could more like is get your
facts straight don't like that I still
just 19% all right
pppp J laughs okay good well at least
you left before I am stood look I think
I've mentioned what kind of cameras I
can't tell you what like I don't know if
we said that I know it came up once and
I don't know if he said it as a joke
like somebody asked why I'm not gonna
tell you I really are above his joke
well anyway I be serious and I'm gonna
respect that
oh so I apparently didn't yeah there you
go
I can't tell you what kind of lenses we
have that just cuz I don't know but no
smartphones smartphones have amazing
cameras on unless you're going for like
super depth of field E stuff and then
you need a nice lens but if you're just
getting started you shouldn't be
worrying about depth of field E stuff
yet but there are a ton of super
inexpensive DSLRs and a ton of super
inexpensive lenses that will make your
videos look like film quality I had for
a while I still have I still use it for
still pictures a Panasonic gh2 which is
a little DSLR that I got a nice lens for
and it looks significantly better than
the af100 the image quality
unfortunately what that means is like
with my AF 100 I can record six hours of
video
because it's a workhorse video camera
with my DSLR we're using the same SD
card I can record 50 minutes a video
because it because there's so much more
information but it looks amazing
and the sound is shit on the DSLR and
you get the you get the wobble of the
what does that called
shutter it's a fancy one called are you
gonna just the focus in post or is that
that's only still images right no they
just came out with the video version
they love the light row just recommend
that how much is it how much how
ridiculously expensive they have not
announced how much the the professional
version of it will calm rolling shutter
thank you so very scary rolling shutter
how much how much how much like space
would be your footage tag up with that
the over they mentioned how much space
your footage takes up because it records
300 frames per second yeah 300 that's a
lot and it's not and it's not being used
for slow-motion because it's taking it
at different focal depth and at
different apertures and so you can
change the brightness you can change the
aperture and post and you can change the
focal distance in post
they gave the specific number of like
what is it it's it's like a terabyte for
an hour it's it's insane
it's beautiful the light drove that know
that we won't see that in in consumer
applications for a long time they are
far they're fine inexpensive cameras I
like V af100 just because it's a
workhorse camera and you get the
interchangeable lenses and so if you can
afford of really nice lens you can get
some really great looking stuff does not
shoot 4k which I know everyone is all up
in conniptions about can it fits
whatever you say however you say that
caption fits conniption fits it does not
shoot 4k but i don't think you need 4 K
so terabytes in seconds the terabytes
per second in a second
oh is krob I believe it no Crabill mo
grabs the video guy
Craig Craig a nation says I rich I just
wanted to say great job constructing the
blue ket ho I thought it was a neat idea
for best of the worst and hope see it
used again it's still around I'm sure
it'll be used again not sure one but
it's there
Nana says damage ACK you never plan
ahead you never take the long view I
mean here it is Wednesday and I'm
already thinking of Sunday it is
Wednesday right take the long view
are you propelling from cramming in this
are they talking about I don't know okay
I don't ever plan ahead I'm being a
little reckless with my with my droning
because sometimes you got to be
well if you get to the end of the game
and it turns out just just just by pure
coincidence all of humanity she's on
vacation on a beach somewhere oh you
didn't hear me I don't know we're just
on vacation we we've been here for like
years humanity has reached a point where
we can just take a year off it's been
great robot the drums just doing
everything for us now hold on here let
me let me type in the command to get you
some some beverages either you need a
pina colada
hold on navigate pina colada wait have
you been out looking for us
sorry man we didn't see the note we love
to know what on earth fucking hell man
you know what you no use to me you're no
good as Mike working on the force
awakens review well he did release a
trailer so I think he's just obligated
at this point once you say you're
working on something you better get them
to working on I always keep my mouth
shut on the next planket thing because
over the you know the years mm-hmm
I read a couple times where he kind of
started working on something and it you
know it wasn't working for him you know
I wasn't feeling it or something
happened and just got scrapped sure and
you know maybe I could have run my mouth
off yeah he's working out a play good
review for this and then it never
happens and then you know I'm just an
ass and then you're the dick yeah
absolutely
oh no but he made that choice he's
they're called I believe there was a
trailer for it of the play good review
there so people know people know
all right yes Lincoln is an artiste he
must not be rushed and what kind of
crank you know like five out of year and
be stale and old and running on fumes at
this point and then no one would be
happy that's true it's true then no one
would be happy its trucks is Jack yes
with you on the piracy issue however do
you feel it's justified to burn your own
blu-rays of Star Wars despecialized
edition x' I'd buy these films in a
heartbeat if available and I refuse to
pay for Lucas crap right one of those
things if you have paid for a copy of
Star Wars at some point I say I don't
care at some point
yeah at some point if you paid for a
copy that you've been told to watch
whatever but morally I have no
objections by yeah by the by the
official blu-ray you have to buy it at
blu-ray prices so you're saying you're
even saying it has to be the blu-ray
well because here's the thing
if you bought if you bought the VHS when
it came out that does not entitle you to
the HD version you know the
despecialized edition ZAR blu-ray
quality so yeah so I tit-for-tat tip for
boob blood buy the blu-ray version then
burn your own due specialized version
and it balances the universe or wait
until they inevitably release their own
d specialized versions which I'm sure
will happen because Disney likes money
do you think Disney will release uncut
versions of Star Wars once Fox loses the
rights to it in 2020
well if Fox is going to lose the rights
to it in 2020 then yes you can expect
they have them ready to go now if that's
the case I don't know what the legality
of it was they probably just weren't
able to hammer out a proper distribution
deal with Fox or we can wait a few years
and just make all of the money yeah they
probably never even tried oh well do I'm
sure they try where they're like well
it's 80/20 or whatever you know I'm sure
they tried and Fox is like fuck you you
guys planning to make a series out of
Phoenix right like you did with police
quest I don't think we have much longer
in the first game someone said we might
be 2/3 the way through the first game
the game of the first case I don't know
I'm assuming that's the first case they
will just finish the case it's fun VI is
Phoenix right it's fun game we should do
it more and all honestly on all honesty
it might be something I just tracked
down on my own oh sure play through at
some point fun game fun game that
oh wait nope nope nope like cancel
navigate for to our three sorry for
sorry she damn they want three Tabriz
perk says Fox doesn't lose the rights to
a new hope in 2020 where did you get
that Fox has the distribution rights to
the other five films to 2020 but owns a
new hope forever true you know you you
don't know to face now power to cut
fucking fuck
god fucking fuck rich of course of
course he's in there that's alright
those tours are closed deep 21 get in
our way we got to find we got to find
the right thing to power the turret in
our eighth so we'll get him you know
it's gonna be in our four right well
there's two other consoles up there one
of those do where did you go
oh now you're an all right what other
console is doing our 2 in our 5 oh I
didn't even see the one in our - gosh
garden that's what it it yeah it's in
there 3 2 r2 interface you cannot own
something forever
look if Disney has their way Steamboat
Willie is never going into public domain
even even if they have to destroy any
kind of common sense in in copyright law
in public domain law they'll do it of
course they'll do it because they have
enough money to do it basically don't
expect public domain to be a thing for
much longer
like that
great great we found us some treasures
rich Disney can't own it forever the
heat death of the universe will occur
eventually thank you it's it's possible
that that at some point science can like
find a way to open up some kind of like
wormhole is there another universe that
energy will pour energy through from
Disney that will keep you know life
going on for eternity it's conceivable
Disney in an effort to hold on to the
copyright to Steamboat Willie no fun the
scientist to save humanity from the heat
death of the universe this is what you
are saying whichever yes that's exactly
what I'm saying
they will they will salvage all of
humanity just to hold on all right
to Mickey Mouse you know what I can see
that happening I can absolutely see that
happening
sorry chin says well if you happen to
like the style of Layton and Phoenix I
can send you the Professor Layton vs
Phoenix Wright crossover game on the 3ds
to play on your own it's really a
delight I do like that professor Lee
you'd like the professor gate Layton
games I've never played to Professor
Layton games they're fun a lot of fun
really fun what are those like so so
it's it's it's it's simple logic puzzles
like you know getting the wolf and the
rooster to cross the or what is it the
the corn the rooster and the wolf I have
to cross the river when you only have
one raft and you can only take one okay
you know that it's it's stuff like that
and it's fun it's brain teasers and it's
fun what am i doing what am i doing
boom we got some shit rich we got some
shit in this room can open up deep 20
Luke yeah Luke's fantastic motivator
loot navigate three two are four got
some shit we can ho evil Mabel says Jack
did you hear the puzzle master behind
Layton died
oh that's very sad and in lighter news
chn says and you get to hear Professor
Layton say objection to bittersweet
bittersweet yeah in the right order to
this we need to come after the bitter
absolutely when you're writing an you're
ending
hey rich and Jack what's up with all of
this loot crate bullsh in what loot
crate bullshit there is a lot of loot
crate I mean just every there's there's
like a zillion companies like that now
oh yeah you know where you pay a monthly
fee and then get tchotchkes in the mail
every month people like it
apparently they're making money you
don't like it don't give the money don't
give the money
umm I know I know a couple people who do
loot crazy type things and usually like
they'll just be like do you want this
thing because I have no use for the
thing you don't know what it's gonna be
yep why why would anybody pay for that
well it's like general like nerdy stuff
everybody could be a piece of crap it
could be why don't you just save that
money and buy something you know what it
is and you know you're gonna like it you
know who is super smart man rich Evans
right here cuz they're not gonna sell
you something else they're not gonna
send you something that's more expensive
than you're paying for right right so
since you're not getting a deal it seems
stupid names really stupid
it does rich does it what I forgot what
they call there was a website that just
sells geeky things there's a whole list
of geeky nerdy things you look through
when you buy it rather than you want to
buy yeah I think that's where I first
saw the laser keyboard there's a the
light keyboard there's that like a like
a cylinder shape thing them probably
different designs that projects lasers
onto a flat like desktop uh-huh that
looked like keys and you put your finger
in it senses what key you're trying to
type and so you have a like a virtual
keyboard that's just a laser display on
your wooden desk no neat ThinkGeek I
think that's it yeah thank you oh yeah
they have a bunch of nerdy stuff oh yeah
derp just buy something from thinking
and you know what it is you know you
want it and you know what it is
rates you're full of the smarts the
problem is a lot of people don't
recognize that I see shut up bridge you
don't know what you're talking about
well sometimes shut up rich I don't like
your opinion
so sometimes sometimes when you go on
and on about like like yeah I like you
wait like sometimes when you're wrong
like when you talk bad about controllers
for first-person shooters like then you
can say shut up because then you're just
wrong and I know you're wrong so it's
okay
my position is that I personally don't
like using controllers how am I wrong
have I ever have I ever seriously not
jokingly criticized you for using a
controller no of course okay of course
not okay of course I'm just joking now
rich enjoy I am so I'm I'm like you know
I know it was a downshift for you and
I'm sorry that you know like you're not
super into it I would like this I'm just
I'm totally not in the right headspace
for this but part of me is just super
happy that I get to play I'm just
excited that I get to play well well
well Richard Evans can you recommend a
cold war movie for school other than
bridge of spies on the topic how well
did you do during high school
specifically math I was great at math
yeah yeah I had a geometry class right
and teacher graded on the curve and the
tests all had bonus answers mm-hmm I
would get all the questions right and
the bonus answer I would cuz I
single-handedly murdered the curve in
that class every test I was getting like
a hundred and ten Oh out of a hundred
got me congratulate I haven't from you
know I'm sure I haven't used that part
of my brain enough and it wouldn't be as
good now but yeah math is one of those
things you gotta you gotta keep up on
that hair it is I was a decent student
nice going as far as Cold War movie set
be true life like like wargames I call
that a cold war movie oh sure wit
Matthew Broderick and yeah well I mean
you know cold the Cold War was obviously
there's some science fiction going on
there but totally a cold war movie
mmm-hmm like what are your what are your
criteria I'm Kenny Powers dr.
Strangelove oh yeah totally
totally though nailed it nailed it and
whoever made that suggestion that's the
that's the perfect Cold War movie is a
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy a cold war
movie airs at a world war 1 movie
not sure chat
Bitto boom i'm Freret october oh nice I
never seen it you never know
oh that's fine I don't know if you need
to see it
see the more you use your upgrades the
more they break down and so like
interface I use a lot it as a Hyatt now
it has a 23% chance of failure just from
using it I could fail it from using
which like your upgrades on your drones
okay okay yeah they start to break down
after you have to fix them you can you
fix them with scrap yeah Kevin interface
gonna repair Thomas says what's worse
what's worse
story driven action games like Last of
Us and the order or story-driven
adventure games like The Walking Dead
also I don't know if Mike was joking but
Jack slash Josh review would be
interesting if if what Mike and Jay said
was it would be the lowest viewed
version of review or of any of our shows
he's absolutely correct
John Josh and I we were what you call
side players we we add the flavor I
would be a mascot we that's that's what
we do and I'm you know what I've never
played the walking dead game beyond the
first chapter I think a lot of a depends
upon how how much of a choose your
adventure is the Walking Dead are you
really just on the rails mm-hmm and the
story even your your decisions don't
really have a payout then that's
terrible because there is no game
component to that otherwise yeah yeah
but I don't really know how the Walking
Dead plays out I can't say for certain
but if it's as I fear and the choose
your own adventures add up to nothing
that the choices are the decisions the
the guiding the relationships you build
it's all smoke and mirrors then that's
terrible
my fan of Samurai Jack I've never seen
much of it should watch Samurai Jack
yeah yeah that's good she I think I've
seen a little bit of it it's good yeah I
can turn on like a judge on one or two
episodes
probably not I mean maybe not the first
one the first one's a little pick a
setting pick a theme it seems fairly
random am I right about that episode 2
episode like well it all has the same
tone one is you'd like mutant space
monsters the others you have like
cartoony dog people and then is there
cuz is there any consistency to the
setting there is a consistent tone not a
consistent setting okay it's a he's
because he's traveling go go go guys
going from place to place
who stealth like still I think you'd get
into Samurai Jack if you gave it a shot
probably I'm not I'm not pulling it
Melissa no very very little I've seen
very little Samurai Jack from what I
have seen I like the character
I just wasn't sold on the world sure
I saw the one where he fought like an
army of robot bug monsters and one other
one remember what the other one really
was and I thought was pretty awesome
yeah that yeah yeah oh I think the robot
bug monsters that might be um that might
be one like first episode warranty I
understand the rebooting Samurai Jack is
that true yeah no I think I saw you too
bad oh then it must be true
I see minty Mike so before you get your
hopes up for the Samurai Jack reboot I
know they have recently rebooted the
Powerpuff Girls everyone thinks it's
horrible
oh yeah yeah like everyone yeah that's
too bad
do the different like body types on the
drones mean anything uh no I don't think
so different different shapes like you
know they can get kind of wedged in
places I think it's all it's all just
looks I think pepper but I don't
honestly know
someone needs to make a clear definition
of what the difference is between a
reboot and a remake I always thought
that a reboot is just bringing a series
back to life
while the remake is starting from
scratch no now they're there they're
largely synonyms I'd say reboot hey I
want to say that popularly used first
with comic books when it came to you
know rebooting fiction and it means
you're wiping out past history and
starting over mm-hmm and a remake is
trying to what usually with something
that's not like a serial like aim you
can remake a movie but you would reboot
like a TV show well you can do like like
a remake you're retelling the exact same
story and a reboot is using elements of
the first thing and changing it you're
taking those elements and you're getting
rid of the past continuity right but
those elements can have completely
different adventures exactly then the
past version had so I think a remake is
slightly different slightly different I
think I think people use them
interchangeably yeah
so like Star Trek the Star Trek is a
reboot because it's taking elements from
Star Trek but changing the world in
which those elements are in whereas
something like Robocop and I didn't see
Robo caps and did you see yeah that's a
remake no it's a well no I'm more of a
reboot because the story's not the same
at all the matically it's differently
what happens in it is very different
really yeah it's very different okay and
works all around well I know it's worse
all around but Total Recall as a remake
there we go
that's that's I was like I'm sure
there's another one we can point to all
right if if the upcoming ben affleck
batman movie yeah he fights the clock
king who's trying to who's trying to
build a time machine so we'll unmake the
United States that's and if you know
this Batman does not at all tie into the
Christopher Nolan Batman
that's a reboot new continuity you get
rid of the de Nolan's stuff right but if
you take the ben affleck batman and you
make a movie where he he knocks a
gangster into the sewage who becomes the
joker who has like a parade float that
has poison gas in it and it's just like
the the 1989 Batman film plot-wise yeah
and and and Vicki Vale is in it as the
love interest then that's kind of a
remake right I think no matter what
we're already in a reboot territory
because I do believe it's new continuity
remake it's also throwing out continuity
obviously when when you're remaking a
movie the original didn't happen anymore
what wait Jeremy we got Jeremy
I am Kenny Powers says speaking of
YouTube ads I've been flooded with
constant ads that last up to eight to
ten seconds without a skip I've
considered getting an ad block but my
red letter media gotta make their green
anything's problem if you can't deal in
eight to ten seconds wait right it's a
speaking of hours I've been flooded with
constant ads that last up to eight to
ten seconds without a skip I think 8 to
10 seconds you should be able to deal
with that you know they gotta make their
money yep the ads you just they're gonna
be a part of your life or YouTube why do
they bother and if you're going to have
ads I would rather have ads of the 8 to
10 second variety then you can't skip
then have ads of the 30 second two
minute long variety that you can't skip
mm-hmm preach it and like a 60-second ad
that you can skip but you know the
advertiser they're not gonna feel like
that's worth their time spending money
for ad space for an ad that you're not
gonna watch I think I think the 8 to 10
seconds that's you know not the worst
solution no that's where it should be
going we need to go in that direction or
you make your ad like really
entertaining I'll watch the whole damn
thing short and that happens shockingly
low amount of the time yeah I know I
just used you and I forgot I wanted to
toe
retard you feel the turn ghost in the
shell on the just another superhero
movie just fine I'd feel just fine about
that which has no strong feelings about
the original ghost in the shell'
who did the ads that were really
technically really short ads but they
would end in like a fake freeze-frame
revver was just standing still and that
would go on for 30 seconds and you could
skip it that's funny was that was was
that guy cool sounds like a funny idea
it was a great idea even though they
were just doing the fake freeze-frame I
think I actually watched the full ads on
some of those just to see if he kept
doing the freeze-frame
or some kind of joke would happen yeah
like Glee squad style yes that's funny
people in the chatter saying Geico okay
so that was entertaining and I did
ultimately remember who made the ad so
it was effective sure
laughs
a gamble didn't pay off what did you
gamble
I drove oh the yellow room was empty yep
hmm it was not well my you're fucked
yeah that drone had had that was that
was going to be my attack tried it had a
lure it had mine I had shield I can
great I can can't grab those can you can
you sneak around through room 3 r3 just
to get it back toe it out yeah we'll see
what's over there I mean that's a risk
life is full of risks jet no this and
this is another fast-moving one is there
jyggalag says is there any way you could
like explain what you are doing I have I
have no idea what is going on for like
an hour plus to be fair to be fair yeah
yeah I don't know if you showed of late
we kind of explained a lot very early on
yes dream well he first started cuz I
was playing this is the first time and
every step of the way was what am i
doing now why am i doing that way okay
so dusk errs
we have drones we have we have all these
little drone II guys right oh that one
lost its video signal too which is very
creepy and it's our mission to explore
derelict spaceships and try to find out
what happened to human civilization but
we can only use the drones to explore
the spaceships and so there's that
little console over there that I have to
type command prompts into to make my
drones do stuff and there's the little
yellow triangle things there these guys
right here and those are scraps and we
need those to buy stuff and I also need
to pick up fuel and explore this ship
but I can only do it through the drones
so I can't actually see the ship I just
get sensor readings
and what happened there is I just lost a
ship and and I hated that I lost the
ship so it's like Space Hulk without the
Space Hulk it's like Space Hulk without
guns I don't know in space out cuz it's
exploring space ship of the marine guy
who does turn-based shooty and like
aliens style aliens that charge sure
yeah it might be that it's it's it's
very it's very purposefully minimal and
it's it's it's it's I'm incredibly
addicted to it
mostly because of the interface I love
having to type in the command prompts
Prescott our exes but why is this
enjoyable slash good oh damn it is I
think maybe you need to play yourself
it's I I can't play it right now because
I have recently been revisiting the doom
games I played the new one doing the new
doom which you know after I played that
yeah I'm gonna put something ever do
games then I'll go back to the new door
because I like new do I started playing
doom 3 yeah I lasted like a night and I
was like this is kind of boring but then
I I loaded a brutal drew brutal doom and
I don't like that let's play that last
night and play you know and I get here I
start doing this I was like oh my god
it's a that's a tough tonal shift it's a
whiplash oh my neck so it broke my neck
so basically like at the core this is a
strategy game where you need to fight
you you have very few offensive
capabilities and you have very few
defensive capabilities and there are
things on these ships that will destroy
your drones and so you're trying to
figure out how to use what resources you
have to destroy the thing you have to
explore the ship and find resources but
there are also things trying to kill you
in the ship yes you cannot kill the
things that are trying to kill you
directly but like a laser right so you
have to out think them you have to trap
them in a room or you have to use the
ship's automated defensive to blow the
defenses to blow them up but you can't
blow them up directly yourself with like
a machine
that's the game mm-hmm so you could like
do ask anything and you'll see those
those those movie blinds a room that's
got like the red lines moving around
means this is an enemy in that room
that's how you get intelligence data
data and data and and here's like how I
failed that one this are three the long
hallway has a turret in it and the
control to that turret is well sealed
over here but I didn't see the turret I
didn't explore that room fully before I
tried to go into a different room if I
would have explored that room fully I
could have let the enemy in a different
room into r3 which is what I'm gonna do
now so basically so what I'm gonna do
now is I'm going to type in a command
prompt called defense defense which oh
oh oh whoa there's an I killed an enemy
already in room R 5 so that's great so
you didn't scan he didn't know there was
an enemy in there you just got lucky
I just got lucky oh and that potential
asteroid collision in five minutes oh
Jesus
what I've never had that before okay so
so what I'm gonna do now is gonna type
in D 30 which opens door 30 right there
and I know there's an enemy in r4 and
I'm gonna try to make that enemy go into
our five so the turret in our five kills
them and so we're just gonna be patient
do you have a laurel why don't you you
know you can use the Lord see he's got
our drone that's got an ability called
lure what he could have done was he
gonna kept that D 30 closer turned off
the defense's gone into our 5 dropped a
lure then left close the doors
turn the defense on and now would have I
killed him you got him anyway because
the enemy just walked down on his own
but ok so now we're gonna turn the
defense off so we don't make that
mistake again we're gonna open up D 38
by typing t-38 now I can understand why
this wouldn't be exciting to watch
I could I could see I just want people
to know about this game because I think
but you recommend they try it I really
do it's it's something so different so
now one of my drones has a tow
capability so I say navigate
drone to to r4 semicolon
toh semicolon navigate drone to to r1
enter and now that drone does that isn't
that beautiful
and also this gorgeous so now he ghosts
are for now he finds the thing to tow
he's gonna tow the thing and take the
thing back to did did you not tell that
you didn't tell the thing he didn't he
doesn't that he's not listening to me
god damn it - god damn it - get back -
you got damn thing also Prescott rx says
so Spy vs spy you ever play that game I
love the fact that you're referencing
that game
you ever play Spy vs spy Jack no do you
remember Mad Magazine spy vs. spy cars
they made a game based on Spy vs spy
where it was kind of like a map like
this with the different rooms you could
walk in and you could set booby traps so
you never know if you're gonna open a
door just gonna be a door to the next
room or if the other supply was there
and he put like a bucket of acid like
above the door and you walk through when
the acid would fall on you and you would
die or are you you would open the drawer
looking for a weapon you could use and
they were like a boxing glove and a
spring bloody trap down there by the
other player sure oh that's neat okay so
what I'm doing now is that that my drone
got killed the Sarah Chan got killed but
I want all of the upgrades that it had
so I'm moving all my other drones in
there to steal the upgrades and now I'm
getting the heck out of Dodge because an
asteroid is coming so I say navigate all
to r1 which is my home base and I'm
leaving before the asteroids come and I
somebody said the drones dead not
disabled I don't know if you noticed yes
that well that's if it was just disabled
I could tow it back and repair it yeah
but it is dead so that's why I was
stealing all of their each and I'm sorry
Chen you finally really got Sarah Chen
killed yep oh you monster you monster
but I got Jeremy
got a new drone and I got Jeremy which
will have to rename but I am a monster
oh we also got another remote power
application which is great
can I not install two of the same
upgrade uh-huh
apparently not that's fine
you're all tab for me we're gonna use
our randomizer
Oh people named randomizer oh for Jeremy
okay sure hello there we go
all right so uh subscribers
nonsubscribers
yeah everybody everybody everybody
everybody Rene funk ready funk Rene funk
okay control renamed Renee funk oh hello
let's go over to uh that's gobbledy
Keely that's it that's wrong we haven't
named it just subscribers oh we got
nother one yeah yeah we even have
another one after that oh my god you
haven't even well I haven't been using
them so I'm neglecting I have a new dick
neutral congratulations
dick nope
dick newt dick new dig new look worse
you know new okay dig new one more tab
just subscribers just subscribers that
well that's us we can't win the winner
was previously recorded live that's how
you know it's real randomization right
there that's true I think we can win I
don't think there's any good reason why
we shouldn't be able to okay but you
know what fine oh I'll do a new one no
no no no no someone else someone else
it's not being jerk sausage toes such as
toe sorry we only have there's a 10
character limits there's only a single
sausage toe
actually I can't now I kind of want
sausage to all the team I like that name
but I'm gonna choose neutrals gonna come
on
oh oh oh sorry I went to click on things
and never some use you're using the
computer I'm using the computer rich
why isn't jack playing this with a
controller I thought he liked
controllers ah because this game only
works with a keyboard I need to say I've
been playing this at home and I have at
home I have a an Apple keyboard which
has you know like very very shallow
stroke keys very like uniform phone it
looks really pretty and like that's the
keyboard that I always use but it never
it didn't feel right playing this game
and so in storage I had like a cheap-ass
eight dollar keyboard that I used just
in case of emergencies like it's got one
controller keyboard brakes right and
it's got these big clunky mechanical
keys and that's the kind of keyboard you
want to play this game like i want to
grunge it up and pretend like I'm a mom
salvage it like yeah gotta make my click
clack clack gotta make my drones work
for me but none of this makes sense
because this is the future yeah he uses
some kind of touch interface so click
clack clickety clack clack Bob G says
hey guys been watching on YouTube for a
while now this is my first live stream
that's raw the glorious entertainment
lol fuck my cock glad you've been
enjoying the the YouTube videos I'm glad
you joined his life thank you
is it everything you thought it would be
he said No
oh I said nothing I just made that up
I'm a jerk there we go so now I'm create
like so should damn here I'm giving them
the stealth lure and mine so we can
stealthily go into a room drop a lure
and drop a mine get someone to lure in
there and blow them up if I have to here
there you go strategic Oh mine is now oh
my god I am so you got a toe that's
insane
we'll give you gather to togather we
like to gather motion interface she I
mean that's kind of nice motion
interface shields the others ones got
toe so you don't need toe generator we
need and mines a couple free slots but
now the other one's got mines we don't
need two mines give you another open
slot okay Mario Mario jiggling shit am
taking you Jack were you an earthworm
jim family i remember playing it i don't
remember
loving it did you back in the day yeah
you love it's kind of fun a further work
Jim
alright earthworm jim it has a very fun
gun yeah yeah rapid-fire instant the
noise it makes
which i can't replicate obviously I like
the sense of humor mmm yeah no I was at
Earthworm Jim fan okay I just I don't
remember playing it that much should get
our hands on some earthworm jim i'm sure
wouldn't be that hard no not hard at all
okay
travel board ready to rock so now what
you're supposed to do is pay attention
to this little area because this will
give you an idea
infestation types detected the question
mark the Connecticut patient transfer
oh no it's me who's just happening way
too fast over the top space so far
attack it's not the only thing that is
right it's situational cosmic anomaly
meteor or it may be a radiation so I'm
gonna send out a request for some
alright alright
so yeah so basically you know it starts
off with this with with nothing we can
we oh but I lost my video signal again
and we just have to explore the ship but
it's just the drones you know and like
you know we are not the drones we are
the person controlling the drums it's
it's it's epic epic escapism we should
have some kind of what you missed
function except I see people asking me
if I've seen preacher which we talked
about earlier
hey just joining us just joining us we
talked about XY & z previous lawyer
previously I previously recorded live
previously on progress they were heard
live previously recording when you do oh
yeah so it be previously on previously
recorded live previously recorded
Oh a new drone already oh I think I've
were full on drones we're gonna have to
start making some tough calls Matt info
see what
ooh trap its dragnet I think I'm full-on
drawn so I just want to steal his things
my name is Kate says we talked about X Y
& Z rich doesn't like and/or care about
X Y & Z ha ha ha ha basically that is
not true it's been true tonight that is
not true that is not true in general
that is not true in general one to are
to see you can do you can make a little
you can make your little trone's go all
over the place just fight them for just
buy some cake is the greatest game now
they're all doing their thing I can just
sit back I don't think you're gonna sell
them on the game by saying that no it's
it's it's just one of those games where
you you you just kind of you just kind
of feel it yeah I think you know before
you play whether or not it's something
you enjoy maybe I don't know I don't
know it's it's just it's so novel the
the control scheme just typing in
command prompts it makes me so giddy it
makes me feel like I'm hacking zombie
Hendrix's longtime fan first-time tipper
just got off work and excited to see you
still streaming thanks keep it up thank
you very much
zombie Hendricks hello zombie Hendricks
purple brains to the brains go down my
throat going down my throat yeah yeah
couple brains I eat them wrong
excuse me while I kill this guy no no no
kill me while I eat this guy kill me
while I eat this guy sure sure
that works too
not
not a bad song and have stuck in your
head though nope
right um right under dooma dooma dooma
Doomba doubt people like for the doom it
up song I like the Duman song that's
great dooma dooma do them it up it's
fine it's fine song it's fine song
right do you think the Ninja Gaiden
franchise is doomed it's been doomed
since what's-his-face left team ninja I
don't remember his name but they have
made a good one since then so yeah
doomed
what absolutely doomed aside from the
command line itself would this be any
worse if you had mouse interface instead
of typing no no good it wouldn't be it
wouldn't be quite the novelty though
think that as you will
the here's here's where here's what
makes the big difference it would
because as the game goes on and you know
you're kind of see you're seeing some of
it here it gets a little hectic and
there are things that you need to do
quickly that's why I'm pausing right now
because I don't want anything to happen
to the ship and so the novelty of the
control scheme is what makes it actually
hectic if you could just move a mouse
and click and click and move your guys
with ease that wouldn't add to the
tension ok and because you have to you
know you it auto fills to a certain
extent but you know you at least need to
get nav out before navigate the navigate
function will show up and so just quick
fingers typing is what adds the drama ok
so come so I will say yes you need the
the keyboard interface of course I'm the
I'm the one that played it like you know
rich rich isn't that deep into it so he
doesn't really okay so here's what I'm
gonna do with this guy he's got stealth
now so when it's quick type stealth and
then open the door and peek in and see
if there's an enemy and I hope he
doesn't see me stealth d12
quick peek in okay there's no enemy so
now we can install that first yes
stealth does regenerate oh yeah oh that
seems overpowered well break you know
just it breaks down over time and the
more you use it the more probability to
break somewhere it'll just randomly kick
you out of stealth it still seems over
power yes you can repair these things
between ships right yes it's overpowered
no no III think they need to nerf it in
the next patch just ease don't get you
just don't get you don't get enough
scrap nama says jak do you know about
the band no bunny I also like They Might
Be Giants I actually discovered them
from malcolm in the middle'
also rich how do you reach such a
significant intelligence i'm just born
with it
Jack do you know no bunny Jack does not
know nobody and he isn't currently
engrossed in his command prompt toss
game why didn't you open one of the
other doors right sure I wanted to get
into that room damn it cuz I wasn't
thinking rich obviously or not well now
I know he's in there Donovan says
middle-aged man and I live with my dad
we like to hang out we like to be bad he
lets me have parties and I let him hang
out with the younger men should I move
in with my girlfriend instead yes
what are you getting killed no no well
the dams not killed just disabled dead
soon as you open that door and there's a
robot in there no the robot went into
that the robot is gonna now r7 the robot
when it are okay okay okay unless
there's another robot in here which I
guess is possibly still that lure in
there yeah when they still be attracted
to the lure
yeah the robots in there I went into our
700 that you're going to get thing after
trying to retrieve their money Herman
now I'm gonna I'm gonna try to get him I
can if I wanted to I could destruct him
you can self destruct your drones the
Chad thinks though that dick neutral was
fucked yeah well I'm gonna try to get
your back dick but then oh you were
using him now huh you're using him now
that's why you're Carly yeah
oh shit you're right I'm sorry you're
number four you're not dick neutral I
never pay attention to the name you are
number four yeah I mean you might be
tired sad I will read that but I don't
know if Jack is going to be physically
able to answer it right now Jack what
would be your main compliment and also
main criticism of the x-men films in
particular it's constant problems with
continuity etc no you have to think it
film by film like continuity it's all
fucked up right because director swaps
continuity is all fucked up yep x-men
one has not aged well but it was the
first of its kind I've seen it the once
I mean I've seen it many times because
I'm ax men I'm an x-men person it is not
aged well but they kind of didn't know
how to do superhero movies back then hmm
x2 yeah I think so so you know x1 and
and they were still x1 they were still
reeling off of like getting away from
the costumes thing you know and so like
that's where the hold the black leather
yes they looked dumb the action was bad
melodramatic
x2 was fine there's a good movie because
it was the Wolverine show but also it
was simple right Wolverine is just
trying to get to a place like it was a
simple story but it was the Wolverine
show yeah and the supporting characters
were there x3 was was just a schlocky
awful mess first class was fine
there's too much there's too much
overall overall the biggest problem is
that in in every movie they're not
treating each movie as an ensemble which
is the big problem X the the wonderful
thing that makes the x-men comics great
is the full cast of characters and each
character gets their own part of the
story and you kind of understand what
the character is bringing to the team
dynamic x1 and x2 were both the
Wolverine show yeah he's the cool
character wasn't three also the
Wolverine show we just don't even count
that because it was such a mess but but
yes three was also the Wolverine show
then first class was the Xavier show and
he's just not that interesting of a
character he's supposed to be obi-wan
you know in in the x-men universe he he
knows that I seen that he knows that oh
he doesn't we I don't care about his
backstory mhm I want to know what the
unexperienced mutants who are trying to
figure out the place in the world I want
to know what they do Xavier is supposed
to be a fixed point but he gets his show
but we don't get the ensemble and that's
what we need okay
we need more characters more screentime
more dynamics between characters and
that's the biggest problem I have with
the move
the movies all of them
well let me a reboot of course though
now that just because Wolverine is gone
because Hugh Jackman it's gone are they
just gonna recast him I can only assume
he shows up in Apocalypse I think this
is last one I think he's done there for
this oh yeah yeah no oh they'll just
recast him they'll just recast him or
they'll reboot or it doesn't matter
anymore
maybe it'll flop Manwe says hello
can you guys recall the last time you
were recognized by a fan in public ah
wasn't too exciting I think it's not a
while now from a close to a year if not
a year oh yeah I just somewhere out with
Karen some kind of storm so he said you
rich Evans oh my god I'm rich Evans and
was an awkward hello nice to meet you
was it well I ran into someone at an
airport Wow yeah it was and it was
incredibly uneventful I was just hanging
with my family you know coming back to
Milwaukee and you know Phoenix Airport
or Charlotte or just Y you know it's
some sort of passed through city and we
were just hanging out and all of a
sudden a guy kind of walks past and does
double take who stops turns around yeah
like yourself
cool thanks yes that is is it not weird
when somebody is mildly Star Trek
starstruck to see you is that not is
that not the weirdest thing in the world
it is very strange yes like you know the
reason it was mildly awkward why just
some guy recognized me to star because
he was so nervous that's you know not
like super nervous a little bit nervous
uh-huh yeah that's where you are you
rich Evans yeah yes I am
yeah well yes yes I am I've told the
story about a dozen times probably more
than that but the first time I ever got
recognized by a fan was by far the most
memorable mm-hmm the the used DVD store
tell the story I know the story but tell
the story folks
I'll tell I'll tell the story again
because there's always someone new yeah
but is gonna tell a story and I'm gonna
stand out this is the first time I ever
got recognized by a fan out in public
I was with Karen at a used DVD store it
was disagree playing that was this
replay and I'm just I'm just browsing
around looking at the TV show box sets I
remember what I was looking for baby
house or something baby I was looking at
what they had and the guy behind the
counter I don't know I don't know any of
this is going on because I'm just
minding my own damn business guy behind
the counter must have you know
recognized me mmm
wasn't sure it was me though so he goes
to the store computer and he pulled up a
video he knew I was in and this was this
isn't earlier rlm so I wasn't in that
many videos yet so he's out of pulling
in putting up I think I was like the
monkey man video uh-huh and that video
features my grandmother who was
currently deceased and the computer was
hooked up to the store's loudspeaker so
I'm minding my own business in public
just looking at some DVDs used DVDs when
suddenly very loudly I hear my deceased
grandmother's voice and I swear to God I
just I must have jumped like three feet
just straight on the other what though
and I turn around and this guy behind
the counter has got a smile on his face
he's pointing at me and you're a rich
Evans yeah
five hush six
okay
shit
this is why I want to use this so I'm
navigating for two hour for and then we
are gather all go then we navigate to
and one to our one to get the hell out
of Dodge because radiation is coming
into the building
oh wait oh you have to okay great we're
gonna gather up this fuel great then we
are going to navigate before so what are
you doing now what's going on oh so uh
radiation is coming into our five you
can see the red lines yeah for needed to
go down to our four to gather up some
fuel and on its way back I'm towing an
abandoned drone back so I can take it
because we lost one on this mission and
I'm not going in there because there's
an enemy in there and now I'm closing
the door and typing exit even though I
know I am I know I'm abandoning the
drone and the game is saying hey you're
abandoning a drone and I know I am and I
feel really bad we lost she damn
I'm sorry shit damn thank you she damn
let's see like that's what I'm talking
like that's why you need the command
price command prompts because like that
made even though that situation like
probably looked really lame and weak in
my head it was very hectic and just
typing and like yeah what room is it in
oh yeah good and you know we it's what
is what is the radiation of danger do
just adjacent rooms or just eventually
leak of the whole ship right it slowly
spreads if those doors were open now
it's spread faster but it slowly spreads
to the whole ships and then it will
damage you your die instantly from it
you don't die instantly but a lot of my
drones are low energy as they are and it
will just slowly damage them bucum and
it costs crap to fix and
don't have a ton of scrap buy that bone
Eddie says thanks for the years of
entertainment Thank You pineapple Yeti
appreciate it there you go I still look
to the monitor with chat on when I go to
address the chat as opposed to the
camera I know it's mistake good I keep
keep doing is there much of a difference
between between this this is looking at
the camera and and this is looking at
the monitor camera camera monitor camera
monitor is it weird for you guys if we
look at the monitor or is it better if
we talk directly to the camera
ooby get we got met trying to move the
monitor just a little bit closer so we
probably do that not right now
gobbledygook you coming on board fuck
what did I lose interface tow gathered
generator
so the important interface is the most
important one generator
yeah you can't break the 108 huh 180
degree rule one stationary camera no it
only works with your cut between shots
the important thing to remember when
when you are shooting a scene is that
the viewer has no idea what room you're
in and so establishing your space is
incredibly important when making you
know a narrative you want the viewer to
be very you want the viewer to know
exactly where everybody is in relation
to everybody else it goes into more
specific stuff where it's like it has an
example of like there are certain times
where you can break that rule the 180
degree rule for example if you are in a
space that is relatively well-known like
if you're in a court room everybody
basically knows the layout of a
courtroom judge jury box attorneys so
you can get one wide shot of a courtroom
and basically everyone will know where
everyone else is and so there you can be
more free to cross the 180 line and
there's a lot of action so there's a lot
of lines in general but well I don't
know if you have if you have a sequence
where the one lawyer is talking to the
judge cutting back and for me I don't
think you'd want to cross it there well
then you're not just talking about the
scenes though then you're talking about
specific cases where you don't want to
cut okay but but like you know like in
general in a scene you never want to
cross the 180 line not just in one
conversation or one dialogue strand and
I know it was a joke when you just
brought up the 180 degree oh shit I just
led to a conversation about the 180
degree rule oh yeah no and like I said
that that is that's a really fun book if
you are into filmmaking and stuff it's
it's a it's a fun and it's a light read
even though I'd say it's a textbook I
know was a joke but do you rich know do
you know I think everything seriously
I hate everything
I suppose you can go back to a ship if
you miss something you could yeah you
can always go back to a ship like like
the radiation ship if you went back
later oh I wonder if it might have more
radiation suppose you probably would I
never go back maybe where the weather or
the test and you know what you can do
you can also come across a ship that
maybe has upgrades that you can't tow
away some upgrades are built in mmm you
can come and dear that chip you can swap
ships oh really
as long as you did as long as you get
rid of the infestation that's on it huh
you just swap ships my ship now
yeah we're gonna go this is this game
have a love interest drone number four
drone number four you know we have a
special bond
I don't know if it's a love interest or
you know a lost interest one of those
okay
great great and board
infestation types detected - dun-dun-dun
there are two baddies on board
Oh unless you know ahead of time
sometimes yeah sometimes question marks
do we know where it is it's infesting I
just assumed they were other drones wait
we don't we don't know okay what do they
look like when you see them sometimes
sometimes they they kind of look like
like praying mantis alien type sometimes
they look like drones sometimes it's
just like a mist come it's it's it could
it's everything and nothing didn't get
approval a revolutionary algorithm
designed intrinsically violates wrong or
mechanism requirements to find a girl in
14 1c it's bullshit there's no way
there's a violation I'm going to set up
a home feel this afternoon we saw this
with the deep vessel AI system proposal
and we won that one what do you think
will occur on the Ritland tired and sad
says what about directors like Michael
Mann Kurosawa Tarantino and others who
often break the cinematic fundamentals
like the line of axis close-ups and lack
of wide establishing shots of location
mm-hmm this this what this this quote
isn't related to filmmaking there was a
quote I think was in the how to draw
comics the Marvel way it might have been
a John Romita senior quote okay or
equipment check her B but was somewhat
of the famous Marvel artists had said
you can only break the rules once you
fully understand them and why they're
there then you can break the rules
absolutely once you have perfected
implementing the rules then that's and
this because you know why you're
breaking them this is the real key like
you need to understand all of the rules
so you know how to bend them for
artistic purposes which is something I
was I was I kind of mentioned in my
email when I was critiquing the video
where it's like when you just start off
you don't need to worry about like
establishing a tone or a theme or any of
that artistic bullshit you just need to
get your camera in the right place
Casper says if you don't know the rules
then you're not breaking them
you're just messing up but you know what
that's very well put as birth thank you
you're just messing up
and who's got doesn't matter if the DC
extended universe fails we still have
the DC Animated universe which is more
important to be honest the DCU is
perfect and eternal since it is complete
Bruce Timm for the win I I will agree
with you above the CA you and know it
doesn't really matter if the extended
universe fails the question here's
here's the question when it comes to the
DC extended universe here's the question
not not doesn't matter if it fails it's
did it already fail the cinematic
universe the DC is a cinematic universe
what they have now is it already failed
I think so well I think so it's to to is
not a pattern
but Arthas does - well the one there's
only two movies in the DC cinematic the
characters yeah they had well Batman has
been ruined Batman is very salvageable
I'm actually looking forward to thanks
Batman
yeah solo thing but Superman the core
character of the DC Universe done
completely fucking ruined completely
done where does that leave you is it you
just you just deal with a DC Universe
without a without a good Superman okay
is that here's here's the real tell is
we got Wonder Woman coming up next right
we're done filming big-budget integrated
into the Cinematic Universe but also its
own thing not directed by Zack Snyder if
it even gets C plus reviews it iffy if
people talk about it positively in any
way then we have a salvageable DC
Cinematic Universe because then you know
Batman's probably gonna be pretty good
Superman will be reborn maybe under a
new director which means maybe he'll be
less of a dickhead now that he's dead
and come back to life
spoiler alert first it's been out long
enough is there even a chance that went
over the general public with the DC
he's not the kind of going public the
the general public a lot a lot is riding
on Wonder Woman right now a lot is
riding I don't wonder all of it is
riding it well you know what also
Suicide Squad I guess I don't know
Wonder Woman's kind of movie you go to
see if you liked it the cinematic
universe since I don't think it's gonna
be the huge crowd buzz generating movie
might be a good movie I'm just talking
about far as the general populace giving
a shit nobody gives here's the thing
nobody gives a shit about Wonder Woman
she might be a fine character the
general public doesn't give a shit shit
about Wonder Woman people might you they
don't give a shit they wouldn't give a
shit about ant-man the reason that man
did okay it was cuz it was part of a
Marvel Cinematic Universe which breathe
which pumped life into that movie yeah
yeah probably you're right but people
don't care about Wonder Woman it's a
name it's a name people know the Wonder
Woman name if people don't care about
Wonder Woman people don't care about
Aquaman God people don't care about
Aquaman did people care about Green
Lantern I haven't seen the movie I know
it's supposed to be terrible oh it's
terrible but then it'd do good business
just based on the Green Lantern name
somebody go box office mojo green what
was what was what was the box office
like for Green Lantern
someone do that rich why do you hate
women women are fine the public though
doesn't care about Wonder Woman women
are fine perfectly adequate this is a
good point um nobody cared about iron
man yeah that's true but they did such a
fantastic job with the movie
I don't here's the thing I don't have
faith that they're gonna do that with
one one I don't know I don't I don't
have that faith based on what we've seen
em hmm I think that's fair but that is a
fair point that's why I'm saying a lot
what I saw a little bit of that on
screen
what and now that I know of what what go
away
not not that I know of and it wouldn't
be any of my damn business
great
and by our defenses rich green lantern
costs 200 million it made a hundred and
sixteen million domestic that's that
that hurts oh right there
Disney could make a movie about Thor's
bowel movement and make that much this
is crap Thor Tech what does that reg Mac
I go what they do every once in a while
that's my over worldview yes Amy lost
they fuck with you rich they fuck with
it get it back get it back it's it's
it's such a small little nerve-wracking
game turn it so you mean all of the
thermo fees you know I saw the first one
it was decent Thor
yeah season it's for fine for a Thor
movie sure yeah it's fine mmm for a
character I don't care much about it was
fine all right I guess that's fair and I
haven't seen the sequel so
defense items are active so now I'm just
gonna open up all the doors d 14 t 9
boom room
our 11 killed one enemy so that means
our 11 has 6 I'm just gonna open up all
the doors and hope they all find their
way into our 11 it's basically my my
strategy it sounds like a fine strategy
we know there's two enemies in here
somewhere
what about D 10 open you up to open up
all the doors are you faster than the
enemies are they faster than you uh one
enemy that killed a couple my guys were
was lightning fast so they're different
they're different okay other enemies I
were able to kind of back away slowly
while they had chased and these could be
in our 8th or our 12 also but we killed
one and no one else seems to be coming
into a room or 11 so Jack are you going
to try over launched on your own
personal stream my own personal stream
I'm gonna try I did get overwatch I have
purchased over watched overwatch boom
got him got the other anyway so we have
both enemies killed now which is great
so just pillage so just build yeah so
who's my pillager 3 3 is my villager
it's three village I did buy overwatch I
did get it for the Xbox one as what I
don't derelict no longer responding to
close command epic Jason X 9000 which
spider-man villain would you like to see
in the standalone spider-man reboot
series still hoping that they get venom
right this time
you can't leave in about it they thought
I'm out of it we already know who we're
getting in the spider-man movie it's
already been announced venom does a
great visual but a shitty character with
with motivations that are just so
fucking weak
yeah the sinister six are great but
would you want to throw them all in at
once right off the bat right no and we
already know who we're getting and I'll
say this about spider-man and films yeah
little more I guess more of a general
thing like like this this new Spider Man
yeah I like them yeah they've found a
good person to play the part
yeah Spiderman was not built for movies
Spiderman was built for a serial
spider-man was built for a fucking TV
show this is what spider-man is designed
to be mm-hmm
then that's soap opera this leads into
that this this this job leads in the
this adventure leads into this
development in Peter Parker's life yeah
he could you could use a Netflix
original it's one thing in Peter
Parker's life going into the next thing
I don't disagree I do not disagree
yeah he was built for a monthly comic
book yeah you know yeah yeah yeah I know
but I mean if you're gonna do them on a
live-action with like film doing a TV
show
see with a movie you're going for
something that's somewhat epic usually
with a film right absolutely spider-man
doesn't have many villains who lend
themselves well to that - epic yeah you
got you got Sandman trying to rob the
bank mmm that's a standard spider-man
adventure yeah Sandman's robbing banks
what happened Jack what would happen to
my two dinguses they jammed in their Big
Three Stooges themselves into the door
cuz on their autopilot I gave them codes
you know they're you can't little jobs
to do and they fucking look at they did
can you undo it yeah yeah I can undo it
these two goofballs over here dick
neutral and jyggalag like goofing around
now I gotta manually get in there what a
TV show have the budget to do spider no
they wouldn't but I mean for a fucking
Spider Man TV show they would they would
spend that kind of money yeah well no
here I guess no here's why they wouldn't
is because they can't make the money off
of a TV show you can't make money off of
an ads like you can make money off of
ticket sales okay I'm just saying the
material would work better in that
format that that would be cost-effective
Peter Parker's dating Gwen Stacy but
then Mary Jane kind of likes it too and
she gets sad their relationship problems
because Wednesday see things you know
that he actually likes Mary Jane but he
doesn't it's a soap opera spider-man is
a fucking soap opera teenage drama
teenage drama soap opera yep shit and
it's built around the small little
problems you have in life not the I have
to save the world from the the doom
bringer machine the to bring I was gonna
say doom Slayer because I got to do my
my do the zooms lair you don't need to
save the world from doom player he's
he's doing that he saves the world
saving the world from the doom from the
do yes does that mean that the doom
protagonist is hope he's hope through
doom doom isn't but doom by definition
the the lack of hope that's doom sure
your final end that's your doom there's
no hope at that point the doom Slayer by
definition doesn't he bring hope yeah
it's art he brings art he brings hope
bye bye punching demons in the fucking
face and people say it's not a good
story it's a great story
I see cake says I don't have much cash
but here's another tip I love you guys
thank you thank you
conditions seem favorable to commandeer
derelict oh well sure why not
Oh so see this derelict that I'm
commandeering has for upgrades can I
move my upgrades to this ship I would
love to do that
apparently not
doom is a great game story says jsj
Smith John that's true actually
I don't know if you meant that
sarcastically but it actually do has one
hell of a premise technology opening a
portal to like biblical hell and then
demons start swarming out of the gate
they're just trying to invent
teleportation technology but the Bible
actually is true and hell happens to be
one of the other dimensions you can open
up a portal to Jack yeah
and then and then your premise
furthermore is everybody else is dead
about 50 million miles away from Earth
on some space station on Mars there's
nobody else alive but you and you're
kind of fucked
here's your shotgun doom has a fantastic
premise I can I can be with you on that
yes
hey it didn't get it done you know what
I think I might turn one of these ships
and it's one of these drones in a scrap
naanum says jack talk about overwatch
it's a class based multiplayer online
only a shooter that has been touted as
the the successor to Team Fortress 2 I'm
very excited to give it a try I have not
I have not touched it this is what I
want to say I ordered it yesterday there
was a sale on Amazon Isle I went with
xbox one because I'm using a controller
anyway so I might as well play against
people who are using controllers mmm I
like the Xbox one controller and my
computer cannot handle it I looked up
the specs my current computer cannot
handle overwatch and it was on sale on
Amazon should we start looking into
getting you a computer not yet and we're
getting close we're gonna get you some
RAM first is it up you some nice Ram its
valve only the Xbox one yeah and the
PlayStation it's available on everything
so i but i have not touched it I haven't
touched the beta I haven't played it all
and I've been trying not to like look at
other people playing it you know like I
haven't been live streaming I'm just
gonna enjoy myself playing it for a
little bit hmm
hopefully once I get out maybe a little
bit good will stream it just let me let
me dig into it a little bit and but
really I'm just planning on playing it
I'm making it just a game I play for me
over the past couple days I've been
playing the flame in the flood mmm and I
beat it it was just like oh it's just a
game that I'm playing we're not gonna
make a video on this I'm just going to
enjoy playing a video game and it was
that was actually really weird but it's
great here's a fight it's fun game but
I'm in a flood a lot of bugs a lot of
bugs yeah
happens happen
a lot of bucks
you know you've were of miracle of sound
have you ever heard of him
he remixes he doesn't remix he makes his
own damn songs but he uses like science
talks by Ralphie does that - were the
only ones I've ever seen did those like
songs based on like video games
now the miracle sound I'm thinking of
the symphony of science okay okay sorry
Brooklyn did a doom song oh they'll be
hell to pay
I know that was the name that's
definitely in lyrics and you know what
no your song is actually better jack no
I like miracle sound but you're your
doom song is better and who who did the
music who did that you know you did the
lyrics I did the lyrics they stainless
do it let's do a shout out because I
love doom it up it's actually the same
the same guy who who did your your uh
youtube comment to remix you remember
that one they remixed we did the video
of you yeah I remember addict with no
video I don't remember the remix though
someone Remo I mean that was obviously a
long time yep what's his name I got a
favor to do to do where they would be in
here and the name of the person who did
doom it up I don't have it
I can find it I can find it
I can find it well that's not what I
won't go for maybe maybe I can find it
someone is gonna find it way before me
sorry
Jen's hairy chin says here's some RAM
Sarah thank you thank you very much
well that's around right away huh you
got the RAM we had some real well get
some RAM we'll get some RAM what thing
and then Bob G says someone find who
made the doom song sorry Chris Nolan
Chris Nolan Thank You dick neutral thank
you
Chris Nilan of a walk in Casper I say
that a little bit earlier and gene G
after dark had it before that everyone
had it except for Jack
it was ultimate thing I think what I'm
saying I can't I can't I can write but
he did a great job he did a great just
doing a great job great job
I've listened to that and just on my own
just cuz I want to listen to it multiple
times so good multiple times
Bob Jesus in your opinion which is a
more ridiculous concept heaven or hell
no which which is more fictional the
Tooth Fairy or gizmo from gremlins
they're both ridiculous lends a lot more
pleasant than the other ones a cynical
attempt to keep people in line the other
is wishful thinking I think that's the
major difference between heaven and hell
what Oh game I'm sorry I say again I
think I think we've had enough tonight
folks
what's that what I think we've had
enough tonight I could I could play this
all Jack Jack is not even here right now
you know what time minister I have no
idea what take a guess
we started a little before 8:00 we
started at like quarter to 8:00 if I
were to take an honest yes yeah I think
we've been here for about two hours so
I'd say it's a little before 10:00
are you kidding I'm not kidding you're
not kidding that's what it feels like to
me maybe midnight it is Jack loves this
game Jesus Christ rich Jack absolutely
loves this game you want to send the
same file to you actually is this cloud
do you have are you synced to the cloud
because we're probably playing on your
we are yeah okay
time flies man I had no idea this is how
much I'm I'm just really really into
this game I can tell I just I can tell
I'm just really into this game and I
think I lost I think I jumped ships and
lost all of my fuel oh you can't
transfer fuel oh yeah it didn't oh
that's bad
so I'm sorry that's so I mean it's fine
it's just rice II cake says are you
going to love the new Ghostbusters as
much as pixel or you'll love it even
more
I have no idea honestly I think we
talked about it earlier tonight we did
talk about it's kind of it you know they
XYZ we're gonna have the previously on
previously as we go that by calling the
film ghostbusters by having that license
they are there it's an open invitation
to a comparison to the original
Ghostbusters and the Ghostbusters reboot
cannot be a success unless is at least
as good as Ghostbusters arguably the
best comedy film ever made because even
if it's funny even if you go to the
movie theater and say hey I laughed a
bunch the question will always come up
or the statement will always come up
yeah but you know it's no ghostbusters
because Ghostbusters so what I'm saying
is it is almost impossible almost
impossible and probably certainly
impossible after watching that trailer
but this movie needs to be as good as
that and that's almost impossible it's
unlikely if they had if they had just
not attach themselves to the
Ghostbusters are called like the
paranormal the paranormal hunters the
paranormal is is is something but like
more a fresh IP first of all heavily
inspired by Ghostbusters but a fresh IP
I'm gonna I'm gonna copyright the
paranormal I tzer's yeah that's a great
name the movie could just be it was
pretty good sure and you wouldn't have
to worry about it falling short of
ghostbusters you can you can even make a
couple like wink and nod towards
Ghostbusters like yeah we really like
Ghostbusters so we wanted to make a
paranormal comedy of our own so the
whole thing the movie might not be
terrible the problem is they're calling
it Ghostbusters and that means it needs
to be fucking perfect yep it needs to it
needs to find a way to make the new
perfect the new bar yeah that has and
and that entire criticism has nothing to
do with the people who play the new
Ghostbusters it's just a factual
statement sweat you alright I'm here so
by the way yeah
something we get a lot on the YouTube
videos yep is we just start reading
these I get a lot of questions going why
the heck do you just start naming people
in months at the end of yeah at the end
of each stream so what we are doing here
for anyone who doesn't know or for
anyone who is watching on YouTube later
at the end of every stream we thank all
of the people who have subscribed during
the stream and if they have subscribed
for over a year we say for how many
months they've been subscribing these
are the people if you subscribe to
so you get to use little pictures and
what are they called
my mind is just and I know emotes you
get to use emos I had to pry you away
from dusters if if you wouldn't set
anything rich my beard of two am i no no
chance gonna gather around and watch
tremors tonight Oh are they oh I'm sorry
too many are getting such a late start
I'm sorry cuz we're streaming really
Jonah it's very as exercise it's very
insensitive so if you subscribe you get
the chat emotes which they're showing in
the chat now and you also now get an
ad-free experience while watching us on
Twitch that's nice
and so that's what we are doing here we
are thanking all of our subscribers
everyone who subscribed during the
stream starting with my zener 17 months
in a row a michael 87 21 fucking months
in a row so me game specs for 16 months
in a row loader Archon 21 fucking month
in a row
Darth Sisk 4629 vez today 15 oh I didn't
notice this before cuz the a is
capitalist it's probably Shh Adam
Freitag that's exactly what it is
Adam Freud oh I didn't notice that the a
was capitalized and that's clever
that is shadow Fredo Moki be 85 23
fucking months in a row star hobbles
twelve months in a row happy Anniversary
macaws NIC younger younger crocodile
brain
this one 19 months in a row head wound
ah
Vande rents van dren vend rent yeah
veterans vendor ins they the prison
serve interns you gotta have the right
Impostors cracker man 526 16 months in a
row Theodore J hooker 21 fuckin months
in a row befo pot of us 22 fucking
months in a row smiling strange 21
months in a row alright alright Kirkland
Kirkland dweeb ur metal gear dreamer
dreamer metal gear dreamer dreamer
dreamer mr. creepy oh my waffle tale
come on sky dandy twenty fucking months
in a row pizza train 11 16 months in a
row super a Leo knows our space aliens
super cocaine that's great jack it was a
great job I thought it was super alien
space cocaine it's like the easiest one
to pronounce there's proper spaces in
there and everything and you still
fucked it up if there's no way to
command prompt your brain is so fucking
fried right now it's unbelievable you
have no idea lady Denning pineapple Yeti
Gracie cakes and
Ussery name nineteen months in a row
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it it's true we really do we
really do you and I know
all of you were probably really bored by
dusk or checklist not so no does the
next dream but give it a try it's great
all right have a nice one enjoy enjoy
your film
