Dec 28, 2016
Dead Rising 4, XCOM: Enemy Within
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/114004914
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/114006194
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/114012890
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tXf5PMiEfNE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pPZut8KnkaE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EzZVEhTaIS8
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/814277877533470720

[Part I]
thanks to Windows and automatic updates
and passwords I don't know why we have a
password having bothered with a password
on the laptop of the studio I can't get
into the laptop to read tips so I can't
read tips tonight I'd be delighted to
otherwise can't do it can't do it would
love to I'm sure I'm gonna have to
repeat that information
eight times tonight Thank You Windows
and you fear your automatic update crap
all right so I get the Dead Rising for
here it's the rich heavens not quite so
low stream what yeah who exactly who
need to explain this shit I'm not gonna
do it figure out here on their own or
you can say it I don't care I'm not
doing it your cleaning lady that's what
you're going with
yeah hey proof I approve what I'm
playing oh you know what I should
probably video game video playing a
freaking video game I'm playing Rich's
irritated at windows for forcing an
update and a restart and not letting me
get at the damn laptop that's what I'm
pissed about can't read tips on it sorry
terrible Thank You Windows Thank You
Windows once again be doing this your
fine job at fucking everything up
thank you thank you
in other news Carrie Fisher is still bad
sorry that's an old joke well when
someone else yeah what it used to be on
Saturday live someone so is still that
what was the bed been going so long that
people who were born when it started are
cold
yeah alright there everything's good
everything's good right I'm gonna turn
that volume down a little bit more
can you read the chat from here I'm
gonna be playing the game why don't you
get over where you can read what they're
saying yeah kidding I've never seen this
game so I'm kind of looking forward to
seeing what zombies 12 waiting for
mature
what's it done what's it done 74 buttons
on the side do you not have no planet
coaster today the planet coaster
released an update the other day and had
all kinds of new Christmas stuff but it
was like the best Christmas present
planet coaster hey I guess it was like
two weeks ago
and a whole gingerbread thing set in
bumper cars
why isn't the control maybe it'll work
in game
this is dead rising before the new dead
rising that just came out that everyone
hates yay other Sam can you hear me now
they say they can barely hear me is this
better
hey divert blah blah blah blah blah now
like the brazen giant big fame with
country limbs astride from land to land
here at ours might even run with the
torches okay
the game just
I said the audio is pretty loud the
audio of me or the audience begin
they said that game is too loud and
Rich's quiet that's a force alright to
hear or one only needs to listen this is
true well I can't use the gamepad in the
menu Karen volume is good game is a
little loud but not terrible Rich's
question mark question mark question
mark what does that mean quiet or loud
I don't know that says it's so loud what
they're saying I hear me I'm not sure
they can hear you I have not actually
gotten around to playing Park attacked a
whole lot yet I'm actually to be honest
but kind of like I recently picked up a
little bit late to the party of Animal
Crossing new leaf and I've kind of been
geeking on that and awesome playing some
of them even go on you know nuts with
the Animal Crossing they said you are
officially quiet and that the game is a
bit loud am I am ia normal now am I am i
me game 15 rich ate Karen 11 well I just
changed things how was it now how the
fuck was our Christmas my Christmas was
okay nobody thought to give me anything
no nobody got me anything hi guys
yo forgot you a giant vat of cheese we
went down to visit my family for
Christmas and his family and what's all
right he drove over with his brother to
go see his uncle and his uncle made like
this he showed me a picture of it this
giant vat of like tater tots and she's
like I think it was about half a gallon
of cheese yeah I'm not even exaggerating
possibly a little how much help do I
have after eating all that she's
probably not bad
but and my dog tried to kill him good
love thought always does my parents have
a hundred and twenty pound poly mixes
loves people especially loves ranch and
almost knocked it down the stairs yep
final girl the second one such a hurry
to follow me while I was going I got
knocked down the stairs wherever you
going I don't know where you're going
but I want to go there they're gonna do
stuff it's more interesting than sitting
around here looking our calls used to be
they want to know if your fella waiting
the mic no am I too loud now what is
going on with us um I need feedback a
trich 20 karen 10
well now I'm too out of course they said
you're so loud it feels like you're
caressing their bones mike is very low
rich figure out volumes rich please stop
raping my ears oh you know you like it
alright how is this how was the game now
what was the last tally too loud you're
saying too loud but what's too loud we
need to be more specific because if
everything is too loud you can just turn
your computer volume dial what is
working right now
shit quality of what okay they're not
gonna say anything helpful wow I know
what they're saying Karen you because I
was saying about my dog looking where's
balls used to be or because the the
audio quality sucks just lower game
volume little low on rich better now
it's fine here I saw I think the the
consensus for the most part is that it's
acceptable on all counts also do you
really need to hear the sound on this
it's just crash crash crash why is this
so fucking gray why am i following
ghosts and I didn't turn the sound down
so much I don't even know what's going
on what's to know it looks like you're
running around hacking zombies with a
battle ax gains good Karen's good rich
good good
you hated lala land by the way is it
that about Los Angeles or something I
need a better title something to do with
LA we're gonna see that Disney Moana or
whatever you wanted to see yeah I mean
when we went to Christmas Day but
through the theater but it was like they
were only like two seats left and they
were in the front row and were like I
don't think so and she's like but they
recline so that helps
and we're like thank you anyway good
side effects the rest of the game yeah
we did the ghosts come from and in like
if you're a zombie do you have a ghost
or as your ghost still stuck inside
zombie you does is does the soul or the
spirit or whatever resides still inside
the zombie because they're not exactly
dead they're kind of undead gotta say no
okay
I've heard great things about mallanna
we just it wasn't the right time to see
it apparently now this is the game audio
is too low
yeah well it's gonna be AI he's crabby
today we unfortunately can't read tips
because the computer decided it needed
the Zeus of the laptop decided it needed
to do some kind of weird windows update
and Miss story
yeah and I some pointed to have a better
at some point Jack put a password on it
maybe and we don't know it and he's off
doing family stuff or something and it's
vote is currently not on vacation he's
on vacation yeah very out of town yeah
this is horrible so far I see fire a lot
of uh uh and and inexplicably ghosts and
then everything is gray scale it almost
looks like you're playing it on a
black-and-white TV
except to see a little bit of red and
some bright blood in the corner now
everything's blue scale kind of we did
text jack for the password but he's out
of town he's with his
Li's with his extended family doing
their stuff yes doing holiday stuff
I don't know where Jack is Jack is not
here Jack's with relatives I'm pretty
sure he hasn't left the country huh
Jack's password is creepy clown you know
it might be her bozo or I have no idea
this is Resident Evil 6 of Dead Rising
that means absolutely nothing to me
there's the Resident Evil 6 there's like
seven or eight now I think that the
password is dooma dooma dooma Doomba DUP
doom it up I love that video I love that
I love doing oh you're playing to him I
let you play that Jill meant that too
actually whoever did that it's brilliant
doulas fucking great
Dobby the music thing it doomed the game
is pretty good too I haven't played that
in a while though I don't personally put
put much stock in like Game of the Year
words but I'm not sure if I would give
it to doom or XCOM to I'm really I don't
mean doom original doom you mean I mean
the new doom I'm not sure which one
would be my game it this is frozen is
this shit frozen we are having technical
difficulties due to dilute can you hear
me now I don't think so oh wait what
somebody I just saw this dream move they
said yeah yeah they can hear me yeah the
game's not doing anything this fucking
Windows Store shit this put everything
the Windows 10 and we're gonna do you
know what we're gonna do a half-assed
job and expect people to love it your
window sucks when does this suck for Oh
twenty-five years or so Jesus Christ
Microsoft this is great this game is
great I love this loading screen it's so
generic while this loading screen is
great worth the price of admission some
dude in a jacket with a lot of pockets
it's not Frank West because his voice is
weird and completely different oh
alright working out we're gonna restart
the game if we can mini golf night is
there mini-golf in this game can you
like honeycomb zombie heads and uh well
no we all falls into zombie I excited no
we can't we can only look at this
loading screen that is all we can do oh
when does not let me get the task
manager alright oh this is lovely this
is lovely
yes windows protecting you from yourself
at least that's the theory
right it's only a loading screen of it's
actually loading yeah it's a freezing
screen
thank you you're out of pecan pie that
is bad news
God pays really good yes I did warn
everybody about technical difficulties
because I knew that this is what we has
10 stored games and I know how wonderful
all of their half-assed Xbox one ports
have been technically speaking that's
because they spend their entire budget
on DRM instead of actually making
anything else work are we back in
nightmare oh dear
okay now skip this skip this and get to
the
oh my god I'm loaded 2021 I almost have
a why is Virginia that country road how
is everyone doing skip the cutscene this
cutscene is probably the best part so
far all I've seen other than the
cutscene is somebody mowing through an
endless pile of zombies thank you flame
2016 I thought we were all supposed to
die 4 years ago when the Mayan calendar
blew up we're talking about Carrie
Fisher no I'm Carrie Fisher's mother and
her pet she has a pet and her daughter
is it a wookie whole family's just gonna
start dying what's the grand finale for
2016 well let's see Leonard Cohen's
already dead and engorge Michael and and
Prince and here's my prediction here's
my prediction I have a prediction
herself herself of the year of death has
to end because it's gotta escalate
right sure it's gonna be Trump he's
gonna be assassinated on New Year's Eve
oh he's gonna be at her so I'm got a New
Year's Eve party
they don't jinx me and he's gonna get
assassin but that's gonna be the grand
wish that I'm not rooting for that I'm
just saying how do you how do you how do
you end the this amazing 2016 with a
bang what's what's the grand finale I
mean I know there was a president who
became who caught like pneumonia or
something at his inauguration and died
not too long after but I don't know if
there been any president-elect who
haven't survived to take office that
would be a first
oh yeah Florence Henderson yeah yeah
that's not the grand finale
what did she go I recently ish
and the FBI is let's look at this chat
yeah we hate it
baby Hillary will commit suicide and
that's how 2069 she'll commit suicide
under you know Clint Eastwood yeah he's
up there the love makjang and and Keith
Richards are gonna live forever bill is
due for a heart attack he hasn't had
good help for a while
Bill Clinton yeah that's true well he
had heart disease when he was in office
right it's rich even his real name
though is that your real name what's
your real name
he's not gonna tell me Agnew I'm cheese
are they still talking yeah who the Jame
oh yeah I'm talking little miss uncanny
valley with the freckles is is that a
guy is a girl right
I think it's got boobs Bill Clinton's
been in great health senses bypass okay
I hope he lives to be a hundred look I'm
just trying to figure out how hunt 2016
ends you you had a comment that I I
thought was amusing on Facebook or where
was that which one all the celebrities
have died in 2016 and you said oh my son
wasn't very nice I don't care you're a
dude somebody else said out of the
channel ready dear 2016 you forgot Paul
McCartney I see I have this theory that
the Beatles have been dying in reverse
order of talents although you know you
could argue whether or not you know
Harrison might have been better than
Lennon but so you really don't like Paul
McCartney he's kind of obnoxious and
he's got that new song and then just
what I want what I have against him in
recent years is that at my last job in
Illinois they were playing this really
really bad hit song by him he's like
talking about freedom talking about
freedom it's just this horrible bad bad
calculated anthem and you know because
it was on the music so I got to listen
to it like five times a day the real
Paul is already dead I thought Paul was
a walrus anyway there's no run in this
game unless it's unless this game tells
me when I have to run which is kind of
annoying yeah bingo will live forever
like but he's kind of harmless you know
he just says this little no no no no I
doubt it no more song X doesn't walk
when y doesn't run B doesn't run why
does he walk like he's got a diaper on
anyway he's getting old age jumps a
doesn't run X punches X doesn't run
that's the camera
Hasselhoff yeah that's duck mode which
duck I don't know why I'd want to use
duck mode but you only want to use that
a Dead Rising cake and wings the freedom
song isn't palsy yeah I think it is I
will fight for their right to live in
freedom I have no option to run that's
annoying this is the this is the section
where you walk and you you're not
allowed to run they can fuck themselves
mandatory stealth-action rich I think
this did a good job with the fabric of
his clothing
speeds somersault so he's just kind of
strolling around making random fists had
nobody not impressed so far I'll fight
for the right to party is definitely a
better song they said to try a barrel
roll Paul McCartney wrote a pretty
pretty bad Christmas song yeah but then
that you know honestly that Merry
Christmas war is over thing is kind of
overrated too so both London and
McCartney wrote bad Christmas songs none
comes to mind but maybe I don't know but
it wasn't the Beatles I'm sure thank you
yeah simply having a wonderful
christmastime was part of the the music
at my old job basically they went with
all secular Christmas songs and since
there aren't that many of them each one
had like five versions like five
versions of Santa Baby you know help me
down the chimney tonight and five
versions of jingle bell rock and of
course the worst all instrumental
version of the twelve days of Christmas
it's the same thing over and over again
but each time it gets a little bit
longer doo doo doo doo doo Mouse to take
accurate pictures which is weird I'm not
impressed with this game so far simply
hating horrible Christmas rhyme yeah
that works
oh the Beatles did christmas time is
here again yeah all I want for Christmas
is you is pretty bad what that's what
that's the problem with that song it's
not just all I want for Christmas to you
it's like baby oh there's little
interludes right whatever
you don't like Santa baby either not
really I don't like the saccharine
squeaky little come on Santa baby
I love me down the chimney tonight no
shit
now if I want to listen to some
Christmas music I'll listen to you tis
the season for lost straitjackets surf
punk instrumental Christmas music its
quality shit I've mentioned them before
that is my favorite Christmas music I
mean I do like some of the old classics
like do you hear what I hear and the
little drummer boy by whoever does the
classic versions but that instrumental
surf punk Christmas because oh and lo
the credit their christmas album is
beautiful they have a Christmas EP the
band lo
or if I just turn the mouse off
it's a weird then know that I can't do
anything in the menu once again windows
has done a shitty job on a console port
terrible look at me terrible if you're
looking for a song to cheer you out of a
Christmas depression how about what's
the name of that song shoot Christmas
Eve can can really kill you I believe it
is the song about somebody trying to
hitchhike on Christmas Eve and no one
will stop say Everly Brothers
michael bolton he's still alive 2016 i
like grandma got run over by a reindeer
but I'm under the impression that it was
deeply and utterly overplayed when it
first hit the scene and that everyone
who is old enough to remember that is
forever sick of it there's also a
grandpa got assaulted by a mobster
version which is kind of cute
that is a really big wrench we're really
comically large wrench joint on switch
between weapons on this one how do i how
do i use those health items they did a
good job on his hair
how how or what make up your mind
icons I'm whether or not I'm using a
controller or not yeah this this game
has the color scheme of a condemned
basement wonderful part there's a
wonderful port it's like the colors
color they painted the halls in my high
school look like a submarine remember
that when they painted all the halls
great we're in our high school no yeah
they painted like the the hallways like
this I must have got a deal on cheap
pain or something and they painted him
like this medium grade video like a
submarine
yeah when after that thing would have to
be for comically large bolts doesn't he
doesn't his arm get tired doesn't get
tendinitis that's a video game oh good
it's getting eaten
nope not eating enough aren't all high
school is a little bit creepy
so this supposed to be a hospital or
prison a military base or something
not having paid attention to any the
cutscene I'm going to assume to turn the
tone for the first game and some kind of
zombie experimental military base
quarantine zone experiment town which
always works terribly that's that's
gonna be my guess but I don't really
know I mean you know that your corpses
are going to reanimate note that the
disease is fatal why would it be that
hard to eliminate it oh you usually want
to turn into a weapon or something
stupid
a landscape of the school actually my
our high school after we graduated they
I don't know who painted it but they
painted this like awesome like tiger
thing coming out of the wall on the
outside of the building it looks really
nice look what's going on with the icons
look at that yeah you're right it
probably would cost tennis elbow with
the wrench well rich returned to his
high school to give an inspirational
speech happy be so awesome
our fans our high school high yeah I
think you're bigger most your fans that
are like 20s 30s 40s more than high
school but I don't know anybody here
still in high school
what is rich Evans darkest secret what
is my darkest secret you know I don't
know I'm thinking he doesn't really have
a lot of Secrets pretty out there
yeah open I mean he tells me already
tells people that he accidentally almost
set his house on fire and he insulted an
old lady asking how old she was and oh
no I'm not that was great it truly was
where's my camera not working Oh God
this is a shit port they did not give
these controls right at all like why is
that why is it jumping why is it jumping
oh they say that is that yours laughs is
fake now always laughs isn't fake it
bubbles up from somewhere well the
secret is that rich has a bald spot
that's secret still in high school I I
have this I have everyone thing to say
after high school get a job where you
don't have to ask permission ever again
in your life to go pee
thank you anyway tie school isn't half
as bad as jr. I at least for me they
want you to play rocket to play rocket
like I think they mean League
it's his rocket leg it'd be awesome if
you had like one leg than in a rocket in
it
the keyboard and mouse seems the button
on the keyboard and mouse are being
press while used to controller
previously courted lives since the tips
aren't working just wanted to say hi to
rich and Karen and also rich love the
best the worst Christmas episode sorry
for your pain though future Christmas
ideas Santa or suspense Rudolph a
rampage tinsel or terror thanks for all
the entertainment I just want to do
Christmas or Canada
physically she's symptom-free now that's
a big improvement
otherwise no change any high school
might be the best part of life for some
people I don't think it is for the
majority of people to work yeah yeah
what should our power couple power
couple name be so we already had one
Richard have you seen the Trailer Park
Boys rich they're asking no I don't even
know what that is Mario I
I enjoyed high school for the most part
carriage that works too look I'm I'm a
PC gamer at heart but dead rising is
totally a game that that's a controller
game it wants to be a controller game
and the controller controls yours are
just firing to go absolutely fucked
Mouse as always you can look around
smoothly
but I mean the graphics are dismal if I
want to look at gray skies I can just go
outside this is Milwaukee in December
it's like glitchy just lookin around
lookin gradual a tion your masters and
math lookin around the right stick it's
just glitchy look at this yeah it's like
it top ones are reduced into position
that is so wrong yeah yeah it's it's
it's struggling between two inputs and I
really don't know why there's nothing in
the menu all right for some reason hang
why brought me to the menu windows
there's no option to shut one of the
other off
options controller it just tells me what
the controls are once you play some
dance
you're not again we had a vote and this
one the vote okay they want to know
didn't they find a cure for zombie-ism
in the third and installment did they
know what does this take place relative
to that though now that's true is it it
in terms of the timeline is it before or
after
tell rich we're all fine with ditching
the vote I know I'm fine hey rich just
wanted to personally thank you and the
guys for signing my rlm poster it was a
Christmas gift for a friend and we both
had a shitty year so put a huge smile on
our faces
please read so I feel like someone that
matters whether second I think I did I
wasn't supposed to read this you were
they said thanks for reciting their
poster and put a smile on their faces
because they had a crappy year and
please read so they feel like someone
that matters but I read it and I'm not
sure that I matter so I want to know if
they could strawpoll for something else
I would be fine with that
I'm sure this games trying to be gritty
realistic and manly the problem and the
problem so far is this is a shitty port
like I remember you playing the first
game great and you know there was just
you're sitting there and you're like
chugging orange juice and you're going
and you're putting on silly costumes and
you're running up and down the stairs
beating on zombies and jumping in the
fountain yeah and this is all just like
I'm assuming we get to this one area
sooner or later because that's the
series I assume Karen lives matter I
think they're all pretty much saying
that they're sorry are you sorry that
you voted like you did another cutscene
oh boy
I mean they did a good job of gritty and
industrial looking the thing is
everybody else has been doing that for
10 years she's not impressed they want
to know how many interred in generations
of Christmas and blankie to go through
and he got to Christmas and crocodiles
well hurry what how many iterations of
Christmas and blank did you go through -
you got to Christmas and crocodile lion
brain and lingonberries well problems we
couldn't really find anything that the
cat she named who head we were trying
for a while like I don't know less than
an hour but I don't remember how many
things he went through we went through a
bunch I was tape on the Shelf just said
crack it out like oh I thought it was a
reference to little crocodile starts
with I see no it wasn't it really wasn't
it was I saw a horror movie and had a
crocodile it had called crocodile do you
want to know how many inches riches he's
about 5 5 11 yeah that's my answer
yeah
frog fractions what's that
alright Dead Rising 4 where is the giant
fun mall full of zombies I know like
he's not drinking orange juice he's not
playing with a bunch of silly weapons
he's not like he had like what was it he
had something that you were using and
like you put the zombie out in you're
using zombies to like beat other zombies
oh he had like some kind of drill or
something technically I just drank
orange juice but it was literally like a
half-second animation it wasn't the chug
the chug chug chug yeah you see walking
around with a thing or juice in your arm
chug chug chug and when I can't run
again and there's no silly costume why
can't I run no silly costume no silly
weapons no silly scenery game is just
way too serious
Oh
hey Dead Rising for Oh God
how did you go so wrong Mike super-tall
was Mike six-foot maybe that's super
tall
I think he's slightly taller than you
but not too much
we'll say six-foot they're both pretty
average maybe on the tall end of average
but you know more shit I gotta take
pictures not remarkable look at this
camera zoom on the controller that's
fucked up
look at that look at that it's like
Microsoft like the richest company ever
practically they can't get this shit
even remotely right well sure but they
can come up with ways to make sure that
your Xbox knows how many people are in
your living room so you're not showing
it to seven people when you're only
licensed for six they can work on that
technology but they can't make the
freaking camera pan right the hell okay
flip masters to stop I have epilepsy
I think this games gonna give me a Pepsi
program by tweakers quite possibly I
turn my mouse wheel I turn the whole
mouse off Mouse is getting no power
okay maybe yeah I didn't get the point
maybe we should blame Capcom and not
Microsoft
well blame Microsoft for the inability
to load the game properly will blame
Capcom for the twitchy glitchy camera
bullshit somebody dropped the ball how
much did the stupid game cost retail no
too much
just not impressed
what is rich do to unwind before bed
takes a nice long bath and surfs the
internet and the tub puts on the he has
a this this like white noise thing he
puts on on his on his tablet
sometimes we listen to audiobooks and
we're falling asleep yeah so make some
french fries no we have it does that our
kitchen on fire yet this is still the
intro don't let him make toast in the
time and don't let him use the curling
iron in the tub Frank West voice from
the first game yeah boy I'm sure glad we
have captain serious man instead I
remembered that the game had a sense of
humor
captain serious man he's the main
character now I remember I'm not a huge
3d gamer I'm not not a huge gamer I'm
kind of a half-assed casual gamer I'll
admit it I writ riches is the bigger
gamer among us by far but that's what
the old game was one that I enjoyed
watching enjoyed watching you play the
old one at this point what I've done by
now in the original Dead Rising I'd
probably have been slaughtering a load
of zombies and the the lobby so I could
take some pictures of all the carnage
you're always like hey rain rain look at
this look at this and you'd show me
stuff and you'd be dressed you know just
as a sailor killing zombies with a drill
killing beating zombies with other
zombies and oh yeah I would totally be
like shoving a bucket on his own hey you
were like giggling like a little kid and
and and doing silly things to zombies
and it was fun and it was fun to watch
here's a grenade that's a fun wet that's
took the words out of my mouth huh ever
grenade that's a fun weapon this he's
got a sledgehammer okay and there's
eight million zombies who oddly enough
have like blood in the same place on
each one of their shirts how's that
happen oh I can't use the the inventory
selection cuz that's glitched it's
you're not sitting on the keyboard or
something weird like we had with our
computer at home are you know we're
sitting here right next to me okay we
like we we were wondering why we
couldn't get the city battery out of the
keyboard and see if we couldn't get the
little bar at the bottom of the screen
to disappear on Netflix and then I
realized that that I'd put his mail on
top of his keyboard and it was weighing
down the button that arrow key no it's
just glitchy as fuck and this is like a
this isn't a pre-release thing right
this is yeah that's kind of ridiculous
well we don't we don't usually sit sit
on the keyboard but we've done I'm going
to have an arm on it wonder why I'm
stuck here wonder why it's not working
right I'm stuck here because why the
barrios will assist I open it and I
can't this game sucks
they said to unplug the controller and
replug it again is that hot swappable
where's the shot this game blows
what's three light because you were
talking about two versus four it's three
any good I should know I thought all of
the charm of Dead Rising was that it
that you could do silly stuff it was
kind of like like Grand Theft Auto
version of the zombie game you could do
just a lot of silly free-spirited stuff
yeah I did the tutorial where I help -
what do you one they're saying it seems
like controller problem not a game
problem that's a new controller though
isn't it like relatively it looks like
it's in decent shape yeah I don't think
there's anything wrong with the
controller no I was just using it before
the stream I was playing a crypt of the
necrodancer and whatnot and he already
bugged into controller and not replugged
unplugged yep we did that already I
think I think it's just a shitty port
it's a happy rich here thank you happy
happy you Europe at this point there's
no chance of winning you over FTL time
FTL FTW
is anyone enjoying seeing this game I
just want to get to them I know they
showed them freaking ball in the no con
he three I just want to see if I can get
out of his dull fucking Basin into
somewhere fun there's gonna be like no
one to rescue in this you know I'm sure
that component of the game is gone
somebody said just shoot the glass it
wasn't popular shoot the glass die-hard
reference oh I could be wrong did you
perform the ritual sacrifice they say it
should be in the manual I think if you
sacrifice the right animal and say the
right intent they'd incantations your
glitches will go away I'm supposed to
kill the zombies forever God really
fucked up with me yeah
do the same thing over and over and over
and over and over and eat him eat him
eat him
see I'm rooting for your death you're
rooting for my death huh
every character to die yeah why I hope
you get into something fun I mean I hope
there's some I hope there's more to this
game than this because this looks like
like it's Dulles shit to play yeah huh
they kill all your stupid zombies I mean
if you want to do the same thing over
and over again play Tetris Tetris is
actually more fun they want to know if
Naughty Dog made this game
I said who made the person that's not
that story focused it's just remember
when Dead Rising had a clown with the
chainsaw I do I do
did they take did they take the
psychopath out of this game because they
said that they did telly somebody said
that they did and they they are they may
experience alone are the psychopaths
taken out of this game for sure
I think this is the geekish water looks
like another cold lock
who is the audience for this game not
dead rising fans somebody who doesn't
mind doing the same thing over and over
and over again and has a lot of anger
issues tweakers possibly I don't know
they said there are no psychopaths they
removed them why why it's like they
tried to maybe they just wanted it to be
all serious like oh the other ones were
too silly this is the grown-up version
it sucks it's gonna be all serious it's
just like never seen major league the
movie yeah with the baseball where they
deliberately try to take the team so
they can move it are they deliberately
trying to tank the Dead Rising franchise
is this like is are the people who made
this because camp come Capcom I think
they farmed this out to someone else are
they trying to screw it up so bad that
they can get the rights from Capcom
cheap and then they could make their own
good rising game is that what this is
I'm gonna try to divide the franchise so
much they can get it for cheap that's my
work that's my working theory I know but
so many big name video game titles have
been so very disappointing this year
doing the next come - no matter what
it's been a good year all that one but
that that tooth cleaning game the the no
no man sky or whatever the game that
looks like somebody cleaning tartar off
teeth the cash a cash grab for Schmucks
who buy you none recognition but they're
not gonna bite twice are they so it
means they're fucked for the next one
can you spit in this game can you spit
on this game yes they want awesome visit
visuals motorcycle rider chomping a
cigar while I'm with a machine gun
while machine gun mowing hordes of cloud
zombies say something comic book
cutscene that's something different
anyway it's so out of place here
yes so completely out of place it's dead
rising to the Empire Strikes Back of the
franchise no Dead Rising 1 is that's the
best one I know to head the goofy
weapons but I also had Lamy McDole
protagonist and it was a little bit too
easy
what is perfect
next is the musical scene I could go for
that
hey hey you we're all killing zombies
link arms and dance across the stage hey
why is this animated why is this a lot
of place and how did the will admit
Morgan zombies again or they just talked
about what happened the first time I
don't know you want zombies this is all
you could say it's fine it's fine
rich is full of shit what am i full of
shit about I'm not saying it's bad comic
book art cutscene I'm not saying they
shouldn't do it it's just so with with
Dead Rising it's so out of place they
just never would in there anything like
yeah like no apparent reason like why
did they do choose to do that particular
section as a comic book cuts they didn't
feel like making the models for those
particular areas I guess and game I
don't know it's not the worst thing
that's ever happened it's just so weird
in in the context of this series well I
didn't play three but as far as I know
they've never done anything like that
before whatever I can't say that they
said it looks like it sucks it looks
like a mess they want to know why he's
still thin puppy hasn't made much with
the zombie apocalypse terrible
doesn't even resemble the old voice
actor Wow what did you see their biggest
disappointment of 2016 expected stream
was started in 56 minutes and 21 seconds
ago okay does he suck why is this game
so bad all the voice actor was excited
to come back - why didn't they go with
the old voice actor am i right about it
being a Canadian tax break thing where
they needed to hire a Canadian actor no
I'm I'm not kidding why what do you get
if you I've heard that's why then I have
heard that's why they recast Garrett and
thief that you you get some kind of like
funding to make your product if you're
everyone involved in making it as
Canadian okay I don't know if that's
true and from whom from the Government
of Canada the company that made lateral
I don't know who made this one for sure
but I think the last two were made by a
Canadian team to give it a chance
I'm not reviewing this I'm playing this
casually and streams are always a bad
way to experience games and and and by
the way as far as giving it a chance
they did a shit job with the controller
controls that's that's not a giving it a
chance issue that's a we can all see the
glitchyness on the screen
and I'm under no obligation to be fair
to it I'm not reviewing it I'm just
looking at it and thinking gee I
remember I've much much more enjoyed
watching the first one thank you we
talked about doing the first four hours
of this but time wise doesn't work out
enough time before Jack left he comes
back sometime in January all right can I
skip this the day on a plane don't know
don't care I would not say that rich
lives in very few video games that's not
true at all because it has a percentage
of all video games maybe I don't like a
lot of the ones that are super popular
my tastes have never been that
mainstream good games true like nobody
talks about Maxim oh I fucking love max
probably literally hundreds of games
that you like yeah but I don't like
Final Fantasy that means they don't like
anything I mean in your I know you're
crazy about harvest moon and star new
Valley you I know you were really big on
the first game in this series second
one's not bad I like it first one more
but the second one's not bad XCOM an FTL
you're always playing X down hmm he's
literally always playing XCOM I've been
trying to do a playthrough a worried
don't lose anybody on classic difficulty
I can't do it I can't do it out here and
I can't get past ball three oh god I've
been I've been trying for the last what
month and a half to do it I'm f---ing
like that and I've gotten past month
three twice and once I I just made a
really dumb mistake and it was on a
supply UFO that doesn't mean much to you
know play XCOM if you do those missions
are always there always a bitch and I
just let my guard down what I shouldn't
got caught with my pants down and
another time I think I just I just lost
someone during the base defense there's
shitty luck yeah I'll just be you knows
the only two times the last month and a
half I have made it past month three
without losing a life and I've only
gotten past month three twice I'll hear
I'll hear him in the middle of the night
going oh dammit and I'm like what's the
matter
I lost the soldier oh you're playing
that game again got it
I'm glad it's not something serious this
is all the open world is all follow the
person to the objective it's not the
open world you get him in the head with
that thing like I can do this no I can
save that person and there's time limits
and everything can you whack him in the
head no no that's not cool oh please
what you take out some of your
frustration let me do something fun I
could do that the old game I used to
love hitting Aaron because it was such a
jerk
he's like going right through him he's
like a fucking ghost Oh
know what make this game worthwhile if
it was set in link them all how weird
that went viral I know don't get what
about um there's a mom Neary we're rich
grew up called Lincoln mall used to be
it used to be
it closed two years ago I think one year
ago it closed not that long ago and a
couple months ago people release
pictures of it on the internet was like
a video of somebody wraps it around
it's full of dead trees and stride
displays and just weird seeing that yeah
that was the mall of my childhood this
that's what which Evans met Santa Claus
yeah every year we would sit on his lap
yeah tell me what you want where do you
want for Christmas little boy now we're
old if he wants them for Christmas we
got to buy it ourselves
Santa don't get shit why does this mall
look like the Temple of Doom
this is a mall right or are you into
something think so but I'm not sure why
is it darker than all the zombies look
good
what's weird about the zombies they're
freakishly shiny shiny from blood yeah
pants beard they shed just look like
corpses but don't just like a corpse
they look like blow courses why are they
blow corpses
why is everything black and white again
yeah given that trees great
is this like like viagra is supposed to
make people see blue there's like zombie
virus to make people not have color
vision
what are horribly inefficient use of
space this areas this is a ball okay
what is this for
you know they would want as much retail
retail space as possible so they're
making money off of the rents whatnot so
they can say look we put textures on
these rocks aren't you impressed
there's textures oh boy certainly get
textures or colors cuz no oh there's the
color again yeah that's when you're low
on health oh okay so when you're low on
hope they punish you by making the
screen look ugly oh okay I mean color is
like one of the few pleasures this game
has when it even has them being almost
dead makes that happen okay oh you must
be almost dead again malls are dying
yeah I don't think this is what they
meant just think it's a mini golf course
that would be pretty fancy mini golf
course
they want to know if it just came out if
it sold poorly huh it's been out a while
too long
couple weeks said it's your worst dream
ever really oh really
no they're far worst ever
I got tell someone your dirty little
secrets now he doesn't have any
now you you know what Rich's physical
dimensions are and you know that I'm not
terribly skinny just just imagine us a
crate for Christmas at Christmastime for
three nights sleeping on a twin bed
secret sleeping so I'm coming I know
wasn't room for it to be dirty excuse me
could you move over just a little bit so
I can perch on the other hip wait wait I
don't even escort that guy anywhere he
just runs away
you gained a spilt a skill point fucked
up so bad they fucked up so bad so bad
it's a game it's supposed to be fun it's
not I won out me I'll go to work cuz at
least a game I've played a lot of games
lately they're just story interactive
story this story we some hidden things
but it's like nowhere near as good as
the other one this is the problem it
doesn't seem like it has any fun
compared to fire watch there's fun
there's no reason I wouldn't rather just
play Dead Rising 1 or 2 and that would
came out what about 10 years ago yeah
something like that at this point we
don't got no stinking futon
oh and there's no time limit I have to
worry about fucking around
no that's nice why are there who builds
past like this animals can't be a mall
that looks like the paths that I build
in my roller coaster tycoon thing
they're crazy so raising off the records
base it's dead rising to the special
edition is what it is
Oh orange juice there's some big stuff
can you eat the fish
can you beat people up with a fish
there's the kinds of fast zombies so I
don't have time to mess around and have
fun I've got to keep them off my back
which is kind of annoying
I miss the slow slow zombies swordfish
yeah there we go that's more like it
this is getting better stab people with
a swordfish it's a lot of blood there's
somebody without a functioning circulate
circulatory system these guys sure do
know how to support it out again there's
somebody without a functioning
circulatory system these zombies sure
know how to squirt out the blood squirt
it out yeah that's what you said didn't
make of that whatever you like I like to
make things of it okay
this is like a little bit more
interesting than when you were in a
little glass prison hitting people with
a sledge yeah I don't understand what
the hell this area is this a good man a
go-kart path what is this the gratuitous
money spending mall no mall would waste
space like this
I am literally 1306 quark now
yeah I don't want to somebody says
there's a go-kart area up soon well that
might be interesting
I like the poinsettias very Christmasy
it's still one out of a weird mall
doesn't he ever like just slip and fall
on all that blood
yeah should what slippery and when it's
not being slippery it's tacky
I'm trying to make sense of this layout
and I can't do it it sound like a broken
plane crashed into it or something then
we skip the cutscene that's probably
what happened Mario Cart beats Resident
Evil might be worth more than a dollar
so that's a bar you should be having
better luck getting people with
swordfish somebody says to get pasta its
pasta a weapon Molotov can you blow
people up with that how about a Mario
Kart where you run over zombies but your
car you know cuz these are swarming
somewhat fast zombies then I'd like the
slow ones where I can take my time and
have fun with them as much how about a
Mario Kart where you runnin trying to
run zombies over with your cart
oh yeah it is multi of cocktail heaven
gotten to come on many streams lately
cuz of work but I'm happy to see 2016 go
out on a rich and careened stream sorry
the game sucked Happy New Year happy New
Year to you too die Stefano 87 or Dior
de Stefano Mario Cart you run over
zombies that's Carmageddon you have a
point I'm too sober for this dream me
too yeah it's all red brown colored to
everyone with the possible exception of
people who are colorblind who might be
getting a better experience in this game
Thank You Miami Vice font
it's a rebuilt mall that is nothing like
the original good metaphor for the game
itself nice rich the yellow arrow oh I
don't care did force awakens' kill
Carrie Fisher no see what the
relationship may have killed their plans
from Princess Leia and the other movies
though no no they'll just CGI her oh
yeah you didn't see one you told me
about it but you're never talking about
this and we're like you know there are a
lot of Star Wars nerds in this world why
couldn't they just find one who is cast
one who physically resembled that guy
instead of CGI him they did it with
Carrie Fisher too they did young
Princess Leia as a mannequin I'm sure
they could have found found somebody in
all of you know put out a casting call
and all Star Wars Star Wars fandom
there's got to be somebody out there who
with some makeup can you know be a
halfway passable you know look-alike I
didn't see rogue one yet is rich if it
was worst thing and he's like yeah well
you know and he kind of told me what
happened and I was like oh wait till it
comes to video I'll see it I'm just
being cheap I'll see it when it's when I
could just rent it or something
yeah where's there a case file I can
work
oh there's now there's just the one
linear story Oh CGI is just not quite
there yet I'm just not quite as
freaky-looking as it was when they did
Polar Express grand moff tarkin is you
think he's I think he's as freaky as The
Polar Express people yes right that's my
point that it's still uncanny yeah that
they haven't yet managed to fully
emulate the expressiveness and all of
the wrinkles and all the planes that a
human face moves in
grand moff tarkin is one of the worst
CGI effects I've seen a special-effects
movie in years he looks awful and I mean
I think it'll get there eventually
and he's prominent he looks awful and
he's prominent but for right now I think
they'd be better off just hiring a human
being physically resemble them it's
gotta be somebody a smart thing to do 
mean yeah that human being wouldn't look
exactly like him but neither does the
CGI it wouldn't be distracting Tarkin
gained a lot of wrinkles in the two
weeks between Road 1 and a new hope did
cocaine kill Carrie Fisher that's very
difficult to say no I do I don't think
there's any kind of toxicology thing
they're saying she died of a cardiac
arrest whether she I mean generally
people have our disease for a variety
you know it's it's it's a number of
factors coming together and trying to
trying to say how big a role one factor
or another I mean assuming assuming that
she didn't have a cardiac arrest arrest
5 minutes after she started something
and I don't think anyone saying that she
did have that you know I mean did did
drug use play a role in the development
of her cardiovascular disease possibly
some percentage in genetics diet
distress 60 okay
she's younger than I thought she was and
I you know what I blame I blame her
lifestyle for that it's hard to say it's
probably I mean none of these things
have one cause looking at her in in the
force awakens I would have thought she
was near 70 well maybe she liked to hit
this light that bad but maybe she liked
to hit the tanning booth who knows the
way the way she the way she was talking
is she had that she had old
woman voice so she sounded to me maybe
she had an underlying medical condition
I got mass or something like did too
much drugs I'm not saying it's not a
factor I'm just saying that that that
may or may not have been a big
percentage of the problem for her it's
entirely possible that she coked it up
through the 70s and 80s and yet died
mostly of things completely unrelated to
that who knows it happens
Keith Richards anomalies still alive but
in recent years you started to look
better for a while he looked like some
kind of freaky troll and now he just
looks like some kind of superannuated
raisin yeah smoking is not good for your
cardiovascular 'it's is never good for
anyone's cardiovascular system
all right George Michael I think that
when this thing that he died of cardiac
arrest like he had a heart attack or
something yeah they had a cause of death
I think Keith Richards is pickled he's
like he's marinated in whatever whatever
combination of soluble chemicals I just
want to know what the grand finale is
gonna be yeah the combination has an
effect like formaldehyde I want to know
the grand finale New Year's Eve who's
gonna die it's gotta be huge I'll tell
you he was a little young but a heart
attack in your sleep if you got a go you
could do worse I want to I want to go
what I'm like you know 99 or something
of a heart attack in my sleep no no that
lingering shit you got a little car is
it a pedal car it's probably electric
but even much cuter if you could see his
legs going
Oh Betty why yes I can't no she needs to
live 400 yeah she needs to live forever
Betty White on New Year's Eve
oh no that's a reasonable call I love I
love that one comment she says but she
says like something I can't don't member
the exact quote but that my favorite
thing that she said was the one about
where she's talking about it people say
that you should grow a pair of balls and
she goes but balls are delicate and
sensitive you should grow a vagina those
things really take a pounding she's
great on Windows 10 you cannot drive the
go-kart with the controller well it's
true heart attack could be a painful
death but cardiac arrest and then of
itself might not be I started just
stopping I had to switch to the keyboard
so else to steer the go curve I am NOT
doing this with the controller it won't
let me here no no wait
I can steer with the controller but I
can't they should switch back and forth
from the keyboard
it's just poorly designed it's just the
they did the the controller support is
terrible on this
that's why it's got roads like this so
that you could drive your little go-kart
around which is weird dead rising is a
game I don't mind using the controller
for I mean I'm not I'm not set up right
now to do keyboard and mouse I don't
mind using keyboard mouse Kirk Douglas
yeah he's on borrowed time it's where I
was terribly I've got another one dead
for years I've got another one and I
don't want to see him go either he's
lost his mind Kirk does Jimmy Carter
yeah he's way up there he's been
suffering with cancer wouldn't shock me
if he went this year may just be the
control we use this is our Xbox
controller that we use for everything
we've ever done in the stream we've
never had a problem with it it's it's a
it's a regulation Xbox one controller
and they keep their stream room pretty
clean the things don't get abused I mean
it's in pristine condition there's no
reason to think that that controller has
suffered any kind of an assault only
good salt only gets used when we stream
yeah huh Bill Clinton dies in bed not
his own someone elseís any why it's
pretty safe
setting White's a low pay out in the
dead how about Billy Graham he's way up
there to know he's a prick you live
forever
yeah this collar does get more washed
out as you take damage I don't know if
there's degrees or if there's like
washed out not washed out but it's
definitely a damaged thing your penalty
is the game gets really ugly yeah I
wanted Leonard Cohen note to live
forever because he was still making
stuff that mattered
Harrison Ford yeah Betty White you who
died of dysentery
that's some serious dysentery it's blood
all over everything
I still say if you just Philly Corrigan
Smashbox pumpkin just with the year of
many tragedies that for the the bad year
Donald Trump would be going out with a
bang
the Pope losing president now like him
he's popular sure what are we doing I'm
done with this game for now something
funny thing if I want to play Dead
Rising I'm gonna go play one or two
possibly three have never played four
they want somebody says play FTL please
Patrick Stewart no he needs to live
forever
Stanley he's up there Stanley is very
much out there Stanley's another safe
bet yeah you old dude
Stanley's he's on the slate for 2017 I
am calling it Stanley is not going to
make it out of 2017 a wife George Lucas
I don't think he's sick or anything you
live for a while he's not that old is he
17
oh sure you know he's up there with Joey
up there with Harrison yeah but they're
like 70 they could live another 20 years
oh yeah nobody dies when they're 70 sure
Stanly 294 today or mall rat called
turban 94 today that would be Stanley
good
did we have any 94 year-olds listening
that would be kind of cool
Queen Elizabeth yeah she's she's no
child every another one to go out with a
bang for 2016 yes yes she'll be hanging
out yes she'll be hanging out with Trump
it'll be like a diplomatic meeting on
New Year's Eve
and there'll be a whole bunch of famous
people there for the party and-and-and
the terrorists will fly a plane into the
building right in the Trump Tower on New
Year's Eve 2016 no Prince
it'll be a big Trump thing and the Queen
will be there and she'll die and Trump
will be annoyed that she's getting all
the attention because she died will
loose will lose Trump will lose Obama
will lose Queen Elizabeth well those
whoever's in charge of France right now
they'll be there it'll just be a fucking
bloodbath is that the NSA at the door
Arnold Arnold Schwarzenegger will be
there everybody who's gonna be in
Trump's cabinet will be there Betty
White will be there for some reason
dude Stanley and Billy Graham dick to
give a speech to open up the Paul
McCartney Jimmy the whole burden Trump
Tower on New Year's Eve and a terrorist
is gonna fly a plane into the building
that's all the urines animus crime says
Milwaukee FBI is being mobilized right
now walk he has enough yet
I'm just I'm just making predictions
Clint Eastwood Clint Eastwood has good
genes his mother loved to be like a
hundred and something right he's crazy
90 I remember her he's no kid I remember
years and years ago he won her an Oscar
for something and he said he'd like to
thank his mother for her jeans yeah she
was Stiller Jamie Farr oh um
Chuck Berry how old is he now he's way
out there well play game I'm gonna
motivate myself after this no I can't
see anybody well I know I gotta find a
way to stop the game from happening why
no FaceCam cuz we were too lazy to set
one up I think yeah that's got a lot to
do with it
we look exactly like we did last time he
saw us I took a shower before I came
here so my hair was wet but it's
probably dry now so they look like me Oh
what oh my god yeah FBI Milwaukee FBI
deals mainly with illegal cow tipping
we got FTL or I can continue with that
previous XCOM run and we'll just we'll
play that one through to the end
eventually the one when everybody's
named after somebody in the chat is that
a penis or a chili pepper so what do we
think FTL or XCOM convinced me chap one
way or the other

[Part II]
next comes fucking fucking I'm turning
it on he's always looking for an excuse
to play XCOM whatever I do whatever the
fuck I want I guess you can it took
separate cars that's true you if you
don't like it you can just fuck me
XCOM you're already angry he's always
angry hey I'm frequently cranky yeah I
wouldn't say I'm angry okay anger
implies curse mash cranky yeah that's
good narrow world against me are well
ma'am that's what Craig is yes I am
cranky yeah no video at the moment I
know yeah we're working on it impatient
fuckers I got it trust me there's
nothing to see I can see the background
of its steam account and a window in
front of a window where he's setting the
settings for the okay I got telling what
we're doing enough doesn't do itself
yeah that's great exciting stuff or
Kenya if they see that screen I don't
know planet coaster I think we tried to
play planet coaster and it was like like
really wrong jittery we had some crash
issues and then we tried to play the
other one all right what was the other
one called it's got a cute neza wrong
game
and that one wouldn't what was that
other game we're playing the one who's
got they've got the cute name and the
funny trailer it's another theme park
park attacked yeah yeah and park
attacked it was nothing but a black
screen continue to verbally communicate
gentlemen in a sort of beige and gray
suit with a very very large weapon this
is more like it and there's his female
counterpart or possibly just get back
we're lightly built dude the hell is a
big deal all right coming bling them out
what do we got bright green is kind of
nice um blue ooh pink purple or pink or
purple purple we're all purple purple
all right well what else we have let's
look at the rest
so purple looks there's two different
Purple's let me see the two of them
together not that one the other one
no ya know what's the other one no
darker one yeah this know that right
there purple purple sorrel purple it's
like a blue or the purple that's blurple
that's blurple it's my that's purple
that's blurple it's violet definitively
purple blurple well the other one is
kind of a pink almost what are we
worried oh the other one close look or
the other one this one no not that one
this one not that one the smoothing on
the know there's this is your three
options well that one I guess this one
yeah this is what you want all right
sure what we doing for here yeah indigo
it's kind of an indigo uh
sure look this one no back one before
that there's no not that one the other
one this one no yeah this one the other
way Oh for fuck's sake ya know yes last
time I was on this leave your head let's
turn the other way it look different
love yours I'm saying fuck him what are
we gonna we go what are we got the same
color hair different color I think needs
pink he does pink he needs pink hot pink
hot pink oh yeah there we go go back
yeah wait wait wait wait let's make sure
we've looked at all of the pinks oh yeah
that one oh yeah right look there with
those with a but that blue glowing
crotch section I lined up don't it's
perfect fabulous all right what are we
doing with hair oh yeah the Che Guevara
the okay with us up with or without
sunglasses
uh yeah like that without salsa lesson
all right all right hot pink chain all
right now you get to tell me what to do
with this one um you want a different
head yeah I give me a different head
there we go Hey look no bec i don't i
don't know okay there we go yeah he
looks like a schmuck like a newscaster
now these are all named after people in
the chat now I'm bear to see you bash
just so you know just so you know if
they don't look like people the chance I
hope I don't know you don't know uh-oh
he looks like looks like a schmuck your
version of Robert Redford you okay with
that hair yeah facial hair
they have like an homage oh yeah wait no
go back yeah yeah yeah okay okay her
color it I heard a loop I heard I heard
a whoop here what are we going at oh
yeah no go back to the turquoise yeah
there we go her yeah yeah you're
matching matching sir sure don't mind if
we do all right there we go there we go
I what are we doing here we need to be
diverse so they have like other people
other species are just other races nope
what nope Hey hmm let's have a person of
color why not there we go okay actually
that particular one looks like the
receiver of our my old star okay except
you needs a mustache mustache no he
didn't have that kind of mustache there
we go there with the sideburns to go to
know sure why not yes can you make its
hair bright white or something but that
would really stand stand out on uh oh
there we go yeah yeah yeah we got bright
white I know we got before I white no
the bright white doesn't look as weird
as bright yellow does okay okay
so you've got a dude of color with a
with bright yellow hair and a brillo
suit
clutter eyes okay whatever used to stop
I'm wait to see how long it takes for
his finger to get tired
do-do-do-do-do-do top black black I'm
black it's kind of green isn't it well
highlights okay
all right what do we got what do we got
but not beam weapons wait a power
generator would be built satellites are
being built let's go down what are the
same come on for black on black is the
name of the Mad Max car it's also name
is the Interceptor I know when the was
it the new movie was just in the video
game I think was just the video game it
was called the black on black that's
specifically what I was referring to for
for the record here's arrived this
morning commander always glad to have
more help down here
oh wow I got a ton money and power
generators being built we're gonna need
an access lift you know when they start
when they start doing like that the DNA
hacking for people they need to hack
people's skin so it's got like
chromatophores like an octopus so you
could have like tattoos like come up on
your skin and different textures and
different colors uh-huh like anywhere
okay you know like you could you could
like show images on your skin you would
need to be tattooed that caulk in would
be like a TV screen temperature okay
they called it the black on black on the
road warrior how come I don't remember
that I remembered clearly for the video
game I guess I said at the room or what
I love that movie why don't I remember
that line I don't know any case I love
that car rich messed up his power you
mean no I'm building power generators
I'm gonna get more power to build stuff
I just don't have it built yet octo camo
yeah cuddle camo cuddle camel cuddle
fish oh they have some the most amazing
camouflage out there
now we have a power generator are you
happy are you all happy
I've lost track of where we are on the
skin I hope the in weapons are good
I appreciate your effort into cuddle
camels did you need a hug in the Barisan
or did you put the new recruits to work
in the lab nope this isn't dead rising
everybody decided that dead rising for
is just awful yeah somewhat lame they my
my description rich have you seen the
90's TV series Viper you're like holding
viper or something or sigh heavy not
about to change their tactics that's why
I do this is a message to the entire
world that nothing can stop them
that's will not be happy until they are
a pretty color
we're going to change the color on that
swing
listen unless it's already pretty
I think is interesting that whenever
they show something that's supposed to
be on television in one of these games
they indicate that supposed to be on
television by having all of the scanline
where's all the scanlines like an old
lower-resolution telling because it's a
good look it's a neat look it reads
on-screen as TV
alright
your dad's aunt wants to be pretty color
yeah she's kind of a doll collar what
were we did randomly yeah the white
looks nice on her the white yeah is that
racist mm-hmm no it's not she's got
mocha skin and dark hair and dark
highlights so in contrast having white
highlights on the suit they don't want
to be racist that's all okay we changed
the color from black now we're going to
white he could redo that you can read
into that and I don't know red I don't
know I'm just saying oh is that dance is
that a pretty enough color they have
like a pastel change change the deck oh
there's the shiny one us oh no you know
what I was the one there's it was just
one of them morphing into the other that
I saw before and I thought it was a
shiny one um I like that one like this
want those storm trooper ii storm debris
right ash it's like a stormtrooper kind
of like I got like a bb8 storm and color
scheme to storm trooper
gonna hide her face well if you want
stormtrooper oh no no okay oh she the
cowboy yet sir cowboy was just a fedora
oh yeah old fedora yeah why not she's
stylin hey what's her name Zant's that's
just sad dance with the hat says for the
girl and purple doesn't look weird
enough anymore I think we had a re-edit
her a little hope only I want assault
and somebody say there's an afro I've
ever showed you the pictures of my mom
with the afro know you've seen my dad
when he basically had an effort yeah my
mom had the same thing going cuz she's
accept your dad's a natural redhead and
my mom is like naturally like medium
brown but she'd for some reason in the
70s she dyed her hair red so what are we
changing her now and it's naturally
curly and she picked it out they can
abbie hoffman but longer afro hair we
what are we changing her no he said we
had to oh yeah I want to know somebody
said afro I want to know how big the
afro is there was no effort there's no
afro
I'm disappointed
oh you can make her bald y'all bald yeah
none of these guys are bald ah gallis
bald with a cap cuz that's pretty ball
okay sure no yes yeah ball but ya know I
like that all right bold of the baseball
cap we got a pink Che Guevara and a
storm trooper with a fedora that's with
a hat and a guy who's yellow hair
matches his yellow outfit
dress up the stream hey if you left it
up to me you'd be having tours of my
animal crossing village right now you
want tours of my animal crossing village
I didn't think so poor sorry Jen why
poor we gave Sir each in a nice hat and
a purple outfit that's not poor anything
they said his mom got bit by a ginger
while giving birth I'm not sure who they
who they're talking about but your mom
definitely had a thing for gingers your
dad your step dad both flaming red heads
sorry was not a redhead Terry senior
lonely blonde thought he was he was red
like your brother your brother's pretty
red I mean he's not planning all that
red strawberry blonde maybe I just a
blonde I saw your dad to listen sprite
is your sister one dead two tears like
your sisters right like red dead yeah my
daddy's bed right flaming red hair yeah
yeah you got it you got the dark hair
for your mom said yeah do I enjoy
simcity I've not really played it much
although I think it's something I would
enjoy and I always think I should get
into some City and that I never think
about it when I'm in front of a computer
animal crossing is amazing star do
valley everybody's telling me anything I
started out you didn't like the controls
I don't I would love to play stardew
valley with a with it with a controller
or not a keyboard well you can play with
a controller but it's a little bit weird
when you try to put the curse around
things is the only issue with that
keeping one grenade who gets the scope
and I i I've like I've enjoyed the stims
franchise I've enjoyed Rocco's jersey
talking about roller coaster you are
getting the scope then go on guns we
talk Oh an exhausting it seriously then
oh they said it soothes them i said hey
and the crossing is seriously then you
can do while you're doing other things i
don't like the real time aspect of it
you've set the alarm because you had to
have dinner with a hedgehog at six well
you can set what time is just like I
mean you don't have to it's just like I
set the alarm so I wouldn't forget about
it we're heading into China for the next
up I'm really just you know open it up
at that time and million it go visit
with the animal for 45 seconds and it's
done but if I miss that I'm not Syrian
minimize but if I'm home anyway yeah
sneezed
have you considered just playing started
I love that great point look at my
clothes look at that camel flage oh yeah
that's some serious maybe on a planet
where everything's pink give squad site
yes you do Oh any rare games that i like
donkey kong country trilogy killer
instinct banjo kazooie Conker's Bad Fur
Day Battletoads actually played none of
them just saying a bunch of work so
somebody asked me oh I liked if I had
played or like Donkey Kong Country
trilogy killer instinct banjo kazooie
Conker's Bad Fur Day battle tones they
sound fun I honestly haven't played them
the answer was Justin lovely I'm sure
they are on why ever ever hear the end
of it well I'll assume they're lovely
until I if you say you haven't played
then the answer is what have you played
it oh yeah exactly as I suck as a gamer
but welcome to my fucking world all
right cuz if they're looking for
somebody with a lot of work hard it's
probably not me but I do casually enjoy
a lot of games yesterday we picked up a
scooby-doo first fright so I was playing
the first stage or two of that and while
it's probably too easy even for me it's
also cute
right now which really doesn't like the
chat no no there's every now and then
there's some house rules but in general
I love you guys do I like mustard
actually I do like mustard rich does not
like mustard enough for the both of us
now the people of the chat i don't like
are the assholes who insist i need to
love final fantasy or mustard i usually
don't get that but I I they insist I
need to love final fantasy as if it were
my child and there is no other response
that is acceptable other than its most
amazing thing that has ever been amazed
in amazement he's not big on games with
a lot of grinding if you gotta like work
on experience points or something he
doesn't have the patience for it he
doesn't like Animal Crossing because
you're limited like you can only do
Christmas shit if it's Christmas you
know like I delivered my presence to the
critters on Christmas Eve I can't do
that today and I can't do it yesterday
unless I screw with the system clock but
you know a couple days from now there'll
be new year stuff there's always new
stuff to do
huh clearly rich hates the chat we can
tell because he spends eight hours with
it every week that's a sign you bought
new leaf twice and sold it twice I would
feel more like a chore well you know
they do after a while those games can
get too few no I mean I used to play
wild world a lot yeah at some point you
kind of get burned out on it and you put
it down for a while don't alert anything
okay right now I'm busy trying to get
all my polkadot furniture and
customizing it all with keely shirts and
in gems or species this specimen is
nothing like the rich how much would it
cost for you to play final fantasy while
eating a hotdog smothers and mustard Sam
I'm not even doing that as a joke
anymore i'm done with the final fantasy
people done
tried to be nice but I was a jerk for
not liking Final Fantasy you see see I
should pretend to hate mustard when
people look like offer me money to do
things while you mustard
mustard tell me okay
I don't know what your major malfunction
is well pineapple pizzas good too
pineapple pizza mustard wasabi what what
is your problem
what genres of what gains rich likes a
lot of different games first-person
shooters sims the brawler's a lot of
things the guidance pretty fun Zelda
some of them come right now some of them
are okay some of them are great I am NOT
replacing Jack no one could replace Jack
dad is on vacay we're done with dead
rising it wasn't it wasn't going over
well with the masses mustard in mac and
cheese that actually sounds pretty good
just had a little bit give it some tang
I might try that I usually like to put a
lot of pepper in my mac and cheese yeah
wasabi is is in the US is green colored
horseradish I've never had actual wasabi
but i do like horseradish green or
otherwise and it tends to be like the
stuff that they sell is wasabi in the US
is like kind of a more coarsely ground
whereas the stuff they sell is
horseradish well some of its like of
course the ground too but some of its
like like something of an Arby's horsey
sauce is marla go it's like spicy
mayonnaise dogs dogs are used
oh and I also like there's chipotle
mayonnaise I think craft makes it that's
good you grow your own cayenne peppers
yeah in Mac I've never liked put cayenne
peppers and mac but they you know they
make those dried pepper flakes like you
put on Petes and stuff I put those in
macaroni and cheese and that's really
good I was talking about black pepper
but yeah hot peppers good too and yeah
I'll try them try the mustard in the mac
and cheese in my portion obviously not
his because it must a little bit of
mustard in things that are kind of mild
and creamy like like potato salad it
does add a bit of a zing a pungent so
where is it I've never had sriracha on
mac and cheese I've only had to watch a
couple times and I don't know it was
alright where is it I saw for a second
now it's gone they want to know how big
a tip it would take you to get take to
get you to eat pineapple pizza dipped in
mustard while playing any game you want
what say the most bizarre things there
you are
salsa can mean so many things though
salsa has made so many ways and
frequently it has obscene amounts of
cilantro in it all objectives come I
don't hate cilantro but small doses
otherwise whatever you're reading just
tastes like cilantro oh look at that
look at that everybody look look look at
that look at that civilians saved 18 of
18 excellent on my first day our mission
that's fucking awesome choose me
congratulations dude wearing pink that's
true fucking be wearing Che Guevara
that's great that's holy shit holy
fucking shit I like his pants they're
like half blue and half like yeah I'm in
the cilantro taste soapy category I
don't know if it's like what version of
a you know genetic mutation you've got
going you know that makes things taste
differently I mean I think it's probably
physical difference in how some people
taste cilantro and how other people
taste cilantro and to me it's it's not
that good
look at all these promotions welcome
look at him give that pink guy a medal
oh here's blue hair guy he looks like
yeah some movie with a guy that looks
like that is it reason your zona know
that kind of moustachy thing just that
that kind of face and stuff hey Lexi
facially kind of looks like my Uncle Bob
said you somebody Sam except you know
Michael Bob doesn't have blue hair thank
you keep talking about food riches in
the zone de lakha is entering the danger
zone rich what did your mom your uncle
make for you guys to eat for Christmas
tell them what your uncle made for
Christmas dinner he still thinks for
kids when he when we were kids my uncle
would always make his tater tots and
cheese some when we went over as adults
he made us tater tots and cheese and
frozen white castles they were frozen
when we ate them oh come all ye faithful
and white castles I mean I I for those
of you who haven't had white castles I
think most of us some people like nobody
most people think they're kind of
borderline you kind of have to have a
taste for them they're little weird
they're not that great fresh little oh
no much eat so much cheesy med like half
a gallon or more two pounds of velveeta
cheese mixed with butter is that two of
those blacks I must have been it was it
shine freakin dead shiet dish I took a I
took a picture of my brother holding the
ditch it was Ed it's insane Tiberius
it's cool if you like frozen white
castle but you got to admit that they're
they're lacking is Christmas dinner
alone I got I got too many people in
their panties me suggested that he just
do froze you made softer would have been
fine still saying
we know is uncle not real thing I change
that right now I I don't know about
other parts of the country but white
castles definitely not confined to the
ghetto in the Chicago area no there are
over there are plenty of them in various
socio-economic sort of you know
demographic suburb things rich people
eat white castles too they want to know
how

[Part III]
hello hello are we streaming testies
testies are we streaming hello hello
hello
and we're back
alright how long do we leave off did you
miss did you miss the argument did you
miss the fight did you miss did you miss
when I was beat him up did our argument
your cut off oh no that was
entertainment Gold we're talking about
vegetable and that we were arguing well
let's try to talk about game strategy
and she kept interrupting me to talk
about Parmesan cheese Romano
yeah we said we were gonna break up he
can fucking event the wrong things
you see what happens when I leave these
people are talking about needing
vegetables we've single-handedly saved
the American diet it doesn't gonna eat
white castle's you should be saying XCOM
enemy within a way aren't you okay the
last they heard was about how rich
people need white castle's - that was a
while ago how come we didn't see a bunch
of things in the chants saying that it
was down they were too busy talking
about vegetables well that was my point
we're talking about things said that
that smelled bad and tastes good and I
was saying like parmesan and Romano
Romano does smell like shoes and so does
parmesan they both smell awful but they
taste good and so - Brussels sprouts and
we'll the choco snakes you people need
to say something yeah I'm not psychic
I got a minor dilemma here
I got an abduction mission that came up
and I kind of want to put a set
satellite in Argentina anyway Vancouver
Vancouver this is it sorry the never I'm
never gonna get to talk about my game
strategy you're just gonna interrupt
with anything you want to interrupt with
I just yeah I was waiting I was waiting
for the interruption it didn't happen I
was I started I was gonna say something
instantly and you didn't and you didn't
oh no no what I'm just teasing you for
right out loud right I'm on my second
diet coke I need to pee I'll be back can
you grab me another diet coke okay hey
she said I love you too
here's what's going on I kind of want to
let Argentina go because I plan to put a
satellite on it anyway for the people
who aren't familiar with XCOM you get a
continent bonus for every continent you
cover with satellites and South America
there's only two countries and I want to
put a satellite in each of those so I
can get the the continent bonus but
problem with that is I really want that
assault that's the reward and it's like
a waste to do that mission with the way
the panic is right now but I want that
assault I don't wanna have to put a
fucking satellite on France if I don't
take the Germany mission France is gonna
go into full-on panic I'm gonna have to
waste of satellite in Europe which has
kind of a just a terrible continent
bonus darn what do I do
panic er only goes down one with the
same way it's either one or two in
either case that's enough once I got a
satellite on the whole continent I can't
get any more panic there from abduction
missions this will be on lockdown at the
end of the month I got three satellites
being built I was gonna plop down one or
Argentina and Brazil and they're both
had for panic which is just kind of
great because I don't care if those go
over but I want that assault I only got
one alright last last stream when I
played this game I'd tried to rank up
some people
I got a few heavies which is good I also
got four damn assaults and especially
early game I think they're useless
what's so month one month one there okay
month two and three they're horrible and
month two and three are the most
difficult months in the game
your mustard dear this is a diet coke
that a mustard it's not even funny it's
not even funny
you say something you're coming to my
stream you say something that's not even
funny it's a comedy stream haha you're
funny sabotage sabotage oh my god I
dropped my mouse can't stay now it's
upside down yeah there you go
do we need to explain you how to hold a
mouse that's right side up what are you
talking about we're holding it upside
down
holding it upside the holding at least
palm rests to your fingers that was not
what I was doing you're lying to the
people in the stream who can't see a
video of what's going on I was holding
the smells you had normal no I did not
no I did not did not did not did did
like Bugs Bunny Bugs Bunny and people
Daffy has probably done that with Elmer
rabbit season
duck season yeah yeah smell of cordite
Burt feathers fiddler crab shoot me why
don't they show this on TV I don't know
they've they've watered down the brand
they've they've devalued the brand they
were high quality I mean they were made
to be shown to the theater don't paying
audience they made those things unlike
30s in the fragrant great animation hold
on hold on
they made those things like the 30s in
the 40s right we're up with them on TV
sure we love them as much as the people
who watch them in the theaters in the
30s and 40s
what are they showing now whatever used
to sell toys I don't yeah basically I
don't show Looney Tunes on Saturday
morning I have Saturday morning cartoons
in general anymore what do they shatter
day morning you have the whole
generation that has grown up without the
Looney Tunes and isn't that strange
I could busy going to aren't the kids
busy going to their structures
structured
it's sporting organized event on
Saturdays now on Saturdays for dance
classes and baseball practice and
baseball games and soccer games I don't
I don't know where care Saturday should
be for fun blowing whatever they do
Saturday should be for Looney Tunes I
always liked the fact Saturdays I could
sleep in but I kind of missed out on
Saturday morning cartoons don't need
that reward but yeah I mean my guess is
that they don't show the Looney Tunes
because they're not selling the toys
that much for those it's like whatever
whatever the new toy thing is and you
know a lot started Saturday morning
cartoon things were toy things selling
things like he-man
you know tubby he-man and Care Bears
weren't all about selling the toys
should have built another satellite
anyhow kids are in the inner yeah the
kids probably watching YouTube on
Saturday mornings Mickey Mouse is
frequently aggressively bland that's
that's the fucking understatement Mickey
Mouse sucks so much the only good the
only good
the only good Disney character is
Scrooge McDuck
the only good Disney character I do like
Scrooge know if he's the only good one
well this is good I'm thinking you got
Donald who's like a not funny Daffy less
funny Daffy I'm not gonna say not funny
he's a less funny Daffy Duck goofy can
be a little amazing alright there's like
there's like a handful of good goofy
cartoon say a handful you know what like
for good goofy cartoons Chip and Dale
Pluto Chip and Dale Wow fuck Chip and
Dale Chip and Dale ain't got nothing on
her being buried oh oh god yeah oh my
god the one where they were gonna kill
themselves you have to explain this cuz
have the Chad doesn't know what there's
there's a classic right here Herbie and
Bertie whether those names yeah they're
obscure loony - they're obscure like
Looney Tunes characters pre probably pre
Tom and Jerry and they're there sir pair
of mice and they eat so much cheese that
they get sick of cheese so so they go
and and they find a cat and they try to
get the calf to eat them to put them out
of their misery because life is not
worth living if they no longer enjoy
cheese the cat thinks that it's
completely lost its mind because these
mice are busy trying to pry it he's also
wasn't climbing so he tries to get the
dog to beat him up to kill him he wants
to die yeah the camping I'm suicidal yes
pretty different crazy with a mice and
and so the cat goes and finds a dog and
the cats tried to get the dog to I
believe the phrase was moita him and the
dog just comes out here the dog is it
has a mechanical adding machine like I'm
like a proto calculator and he's he's
do we call the bath on this city's going
mice mice don't like cheese cat once
mice want to be eating my cat King cat
doesn't want to eat mice can't cat once
once dog de muy to him and next thing
you know the dog is chasing the dog
catcher catcher going wait for baby just
don't don't add up it's it's a fucking
brilliant cartoon yeah it takes all of
the stereo traditional trollers to have
dog stereotypes and turns them
completely around yeah it's fucking
amazing
it is I also am really fond of rabbit
seasoned duck season where yeah where
where they're both trying to go both
Daffy and and Bugs Bunny are trying to
convince Elmer Fudd that it's the season
of the animal that they aren't and and
finally Daffy
Daffy just keeps getting the short end
of the stick and he gets blown up so
many times and finally he's like shoot
me I'm a mongoose shoot me I'm a fiddler
crab shoot me I love the smell of
cordite and burnt feathers
this is a great classic cartoons and all
of the wily coyote was pretty much all
of him somebody made that's someone that
was done recently like a in that style
that was also pretty good Wiley coyote
they're all good and Who Framed Roger
Rabbit thank you yeah that's like the
ultimate full-length what a brothers
cartoon that isn't the cartoon
Rescue Rangers tailspin darkwing duck
all pretty good yeah not as good as duck
tails
duck tails was fantastic who framed
roger rabbit view of it I love it I love
to friend Roger Rabbit it's he's
everybody great and that guy ones don't
love Hoskins name he did a great job
it's it's it's I and it's amazing that
Disney and and Warner Brothers actually
managed to get along to the point where
they I mean their properties are
coexisting side by side you're
despicable
he did did anyone see the the Cubs one
of their games what's what's about Bill
Murray he did take me out to the
ballgame as Daffy Duck with the Cubs
yeah baseball team in Chicago they won
the World Series this year aren't you
that aren't they that team that oh hey
Trump won the presidency did you know
that
really
yeah I'd say yeah he's president the
United States know any time bugs goes in
dragons gold
I know seriously I'd like they'd ever
notice fuck you saying I can't name
anybody after you
Animaniacs is pretty good and Pinky and
the brain there Warner Brothers aren't
they oh is the genius the others insane
Kurt you know check out a person in the
chat who says me
exclamation point okay so I'm waiting
for somebody to say me still waiting
named after me endo kromm en do CRO em
less thing that's it endo and now
there's lots of Me's not too late
yeah well technically they weren't they
weren't the one who said me but the
named it after me came first
all right endo Crom endo crumb that's
what we got okay
oh is one word well they have a first
and last name oh no one else is an
underappreciated cartoon Beetlejuice
beetlejuice cartoons they did one of
those where the whole thing was was
elements of Edgar Allan Poe's books it
was a you know short stories they had a
tell-tale heart and a pendulum and
classic
your Tiny Toons was ok it's just ok it
had its moments
the hairy monster episodes yeah I like
the hairy monster
is the hairy monster supposed to be like
the guy from Of Mice and Men
I'm gonna put the rabbits George he
doesn't talk at all
he's completely silent you think it of
the gangsters Bugsy and Bugsy maybe I
think I can be wrong I'm pretty sure
that big hairy monster does not say a
word it's his name his name big hairy
monster for all I know George no cuz I'm
thinking you're most mice and then
things on migraine I'm not sure what his
name is
and I could be completely wrong about
him not talking so I don't know you
think of the abominable snowman thinking
of the red thing no the one that talks
like Of Mice and Men that's the
abominable snowman maybe I might be
thinking about millstones allergens I
might be conflating the two it's
possible panic is spreading throughout a
major city as the aliens move through
the streets you have somebody else's
saying there was a hairy monster episode
where he didn't say that
what is the hairy monsters name he has a
name I think gossamer is that it that
sounds right it does sound right I hate
this map Oh got a very difficult mission
on this map oh yeah I don't think Ellen
Moir created the swamp thing is an
intellectual property this is gonna be
no we didn't existed before Eleanor
possibly as early as the 6th Mason men
didn't have an abominable snowman but
had had a guy who was talking about
petting the rabbits I'm gonna put the
rabbits George it had a guy who was who
was not terribly bright and who loved
soft little things but had a habit of
killing today by mistake
I'm sure gossamer does hate barbers and
Brazilian waxes and all kinds of things
they do the George and Lennie thing with
multiple characters I believe that but
yeah the Looney Tunes that they're old
classic stuff is just really good and
they're following on the animation is
beautiful they're falling out of
people's memory because you don't see
them anywhere they're becoming a shining
artifact of the past room and anyone who
hasn't seen it there's a there's a
documentary about Mel Blanc who was the
guy who voiced a whole lot of veloute to
characters and seeing him in the flesh
doing these voices is just priceless
squat site on this map it's not an
elevation drop on this map you're
thinking of one of the council missions
it doesn't work on this map and spots
because there's lots of high cover
there's gonna be a ton of a lien right
here and right here I'm gonna have two
pods and it's gonna get very hairy as
soon as we start activating monsters
what mate what black squad site mostly
here is this big truck this isn't big
truck here and this one counts as a big
truck with my sniper down here I enemy
chicken hawk I might be able to hit a
fair number of monsters on either side
of that truck he's gonna need to move he
can't stay there for this whole mission
but for now he's in a good spot nobody's
activating yet as soon as as soon as
someone is around here to see this cover
this pod is gonna go nuts so we're gonna
wait one more turn before I try to
activate them because she just moved and
she's close I want her to be able to use
her rocket go on the try and be jerk I
just need to explain a strategy Simpsons
Inside the Actors Studio is that a
documentary isn't me was talking about
foghorn leghorn dog gotta like the dog a
big red thing adapte said
I think I won though with a with a with
a cat with a mice are suicidal of the
dogs running after dog catcher is
probably the best learning things when
there is yeah I'm also fond of the one
where where they managed to convince
like if that's Tom and Jerry with a man
she convinced Tom that he's gonna go to
hell if he doesn't change his ways I
know they tried to there's one with the
try to compare they convinced him he's
dead and there's another one worried
it's gonna go to hell if he doesn't
change this place
I can kill all these guys just for the
rocket serie you better you better make
this shot Cerie all right I'm just
saying I don't know if she's in the chat
tonight she's gonna be the big hero
though if she kills these thin men this
map is this babbles usually painful all
right we're doing good we're doing good
they're all being interviewed by James
Lipton as Simpsons characters that
sounds awesome
well who what okay it sounds like
they're talking about inside Simpsons
Inside the Actors Studio were there
someone is interviewing the actor the
voice actors from The Simpsons and they
are answering his questions and their
character voices that's cute that sounds
great I don't know about great let's not
go nuts all right let's not go nuts
sounds orgasmic let's say that sounds
acceptable II okay it sounds awesome
don't we all our nerds we're gonna lose
that Knoll then I don't give a shit
this map is a little fucking brutal
usually there's another pod right
fucking there I don't know if I'm just
extremely fucking dopey boys a Looney
Tunes short okay I'm not sure I don't
know you're still alive
holy fuck that could have gotten bad
that's still my love sniper I needed to
snipe what are all those blueish clouds
and there's like farts or thinman poison
clods don't fail me don't fail me and
White Castle they came to our planet for
frozen white castles
who knows this that's too risky
we're just gonna move here just I have
too many people move right now
they have some advice for you
well don't fuck up we won't fuck up that
sounds like good advice oh thank god I
won't be able to watch the Dover boys
thing right this second but possibly
later we the other computer is down for
the count until we figure out what the
password is
so if I were to look at that I wouldn't
be able to see the conversation over
here jack has his phone on
yeah the problem heaven forbid jack on
unplug and spend time with his wife and
children yeah I know right
bastard what the fuck
can you get the good cover
you want me to check her one of your
phone on case Jeff got back too I heard
something okay yeah we're not reading
tips because I have I don't have the
ability to read them because the laptop
is locked because it's a fucking
password on it well I don't think we
have a fucking need one I don't remember
what the password is I think jack told
me wants to be fair but I don't recall
what it was and because the computer
restarted itself for some update and
down vacation and we don't have the
password and so we do not currently have
access to the laptop so we're doing this
all off of like bitches computer over
here
so we're not able to read tix
unfortunately but I suppose we could
read them like next time at the
beginning unless there's like a like wot
unless there's a glove then yeah he said
he texted you when that happened last
time the password do you delete your own
old tux that's a good question
what they still be on there if he got a
new phone
like in October I might have happened
since we're gonna check that out thank
you for that thought and somebody was
saying it's a good safety policy to keep
a password in case it gets stolen
that's true but on the other hand this
laptop lives in the studio yeah and
there are better things to steal in here
than the laptop well they probably take
that too because it's small but yeah at
that point we got bigger problems
look yes so basically you know the
security system and the lock on the door
are the password our password enough we
would think for the laptop but it's got
a regular password - bummer
password is Jack's smirking revenge
password is I'm going to kill rich
password is mustard
password is I want to be a woman really
yeah that's weird
he's got nice legs you know type it in I
want to be a woman okay
would be maybe I want to do with a woman
no no hey hey there's an A in there
well black liquorice is great I have
black licorice flavor toothpaste
yeah it worked awesome
huh who knew this is wife no he always
be always places a girl in the games hmm
oh well hey you know I don't judge
don't judge crocodile brain oh that's
cute I love your wallpaper
I don't want Microsoft onedrive go away
go away I'm hitting the minimize button
yeah windows why do you suck
why our touchpad black liquorice is like
people either love it or hate it I'm
definitely in the love camp but I know
there are a lot of people who don't
why aren't touched pads the absolute
worst thing because you're not used to
the absolute worst it's nice not having
to carry around a mouse and have a
separate object to deal with all right I
only have so much lap I've got at least
four tips from today here okay there you
go knock knock your socks off
if to knock my shoes off first I love
these shoes
they've got pockets they're like the the
Kayla says like the old-school 80s
kangaroo shoes so I had for old times
sake I had to get shoes with little
pockets and zippers and besides there's
nothing wrong with wanting to be a woman
I'm just teasing Jack even when he's not
of course there's nothing wrong with
wanting to be a woman I want to be a
woman there's nothing wrong with
somebody who was born a bad wishing they
were born a woman how do you know I
don't want I don't want to kill of that
way how do you know I wasn't born a man
I've known you a very long time if this
is and if you weren't if you if you
weren't born a woman you've done a very
good job quality work quality work good
craftsmanship so obviously in that whole
crotch area I'd never know okay
well let's see buster load says hey
chard and Rin bust your load just wait
until he gets done sorry
the neighbors bust your load no it's not
for now on its I bust your load says hey
chard and Rin hate to drop some heavy
shit on you guys but this is a really
tough time for me my parents told me
they're getting divorced on Christmas
fucking day any advice would be super
you know that doesn't mean I don't know
how old you are but I mean it doesn't
mean they don't love you and it doesn't
mean it that's something really silly if
you're like an adult now because you
know that and look if your parents want
to get a divorce
obviously it's not working and then
they're probably gonna be happier apart
and honestly there's there are worse
things in a divorce to those parents to
theirs parents who don't I know people
whose parents you know I mean my parents
they barely talk to each other they're
not close they've been married forever
but they're not close are you okay
talking about that yeah no I mean
they're just there I am Karen who is
their daughter of the opinion that her
parents should have gotten a divorce
like 30 years ago I was gonna say 20
yeah 30 years ago yeah there's there's
just there's not really any affection
there's there's you know there's some
simmering rage there's just a lot of
eyelid stirs there's a tendency that
just occupy different parts of the house
and avoid each other and you know maybe
if they've gotten divorced 30 years ago
they'd be good friends now maybe they'd
have found other people who made them
happier than they are with each other I
think you know I mean it can suck you
know that your parents are getting a
divorce it's sucks to hear it on
Christmas day no matter how old you are
and I know they my mind talked about
getting separate
when I was a kid and they never did and
I didn't want them to when I was a kid
but yeah you know it might work out okay
I know Rich's mother and father which is
mother's deceased now but but I saw them
together a couple of times and they had
been at that point divorced for many
many years and they were both you know
remarried happily as far as I know and
they had both had children with other
people rich is their only child with
each other both of them too specifically
but they had real affection for each
other you know even like 20-some years
after they got divorced so might not be
the worst thing in the long run even if
it's you know kind of rough in the short
run especially if they're real angry
with each other
no okay tired and sad says have you seen
the alien covenant trailer it looks
basically Oh a new version of Java's
ready to be installed does that mean
we'll get the type at another password
have you seen the alien covenant trailer
it looks basically like a Prometheus
retread which sucked to begin with
here's the here's here's here's
something that might be telling I've
seen it I don't remember any of it I
think I saw it earlier today I what
happened the trailer I don't remember
what happened in that trailer I watched
it today I'll find a sudden end I don't
remember a damn thing that happen in the
trailer which is about how much I
remember it I haven't seen it
whoa yeah thrown OD 1597 hey rich I
wanted to personally thank you and the
guys for signing my rlm poster
I think we've read this one already
what's Christmas gift for a friend and
we both had a shitty another chance so
it put a huge smile on both our faces
always glad to help yeah I would say
you're welcome but I didn't sign it I'm
not part of the crew
I'm just Carrie let's see part of my I'm
tired of rich this crew I mean I still
you remember like the Ladies Auxiliary
or something and then G shots shots GS
hats whatever your name is G tots maybe
no hi rich
Karen rich enjoyed the Christmas best of
the worst sorry it was so painful for
you guys suggest until next year Santa
of suspense Rudolph a rampage tinsel or
ter Merry Christmas
merry xmas I know I'm losing this mulled
like I said this maps a bitch I'd rather
play it safe and not get the bitch and
then you die I signed it in the spirit
yeah I signed it an invisible ink I say
you don't remember it could you smoke
too much bathroom spray
I got like those little read things and
I'm probably like you know I'm gonna get
cancer lights but they make my bathroom
is pretty
monie in month two I got to be a MOTU on
that same divorce doesn't suck I'm not
saying that that any situation where two
people you love are angry with each
other and there's shit you could do
about it doesn't suck it sucks it
genuinely sucks depending upon what the
problems are though they might get along
better
they might get along better in the long
run and having having to see them
coexisting in the same space with all of
that anger it's probably going to be
worse than simply having them occupied
separate spaces losing them one at a
time there was never any odd tension in
the air when my mother and dad or in the
same room they got they got divorced and
I was like yeah he was literal of me I
was too young to remember them yeah you
you have no memory at all of them being
together yeah but I saw them a couple of
times together and I think there was you
know real affection and I think your dad
was was really your dad seemed genuinely
distraught when your mom passed away
suddenly she was he was chat saying I
heard that his XCOM to that much better
than ex come aw I heard it isn't what CW
he's what I'm playing right now any with
him I don't know about that much better
but I would say XCOM 2 is better I'm
playing this one right now well for one
I really wanted to do a a no losses run
on classic I fail the bad but I've never
done like a full run-through of this
game on stream which is kind of what I'm
doing now I plan on playing this game
until completion and then probably at
some point I'll do the same thing with
XCOM 2 I think I think XCOM 2 it doesn't
completely revolutionize XCOM but it
just does some things better it's a
little deeper like
they've got that whole stealth component
going on and I'd say the endgame is a
little bit better this game at month
five or so maybe six no probably as
early as month five you're on the rails
you know you're gonna win and you're
just coasting I don't know but I've
never seen you play a game as much as
you play this one yeah you never will I
mean we looked up like the number of
hours he'd played this and it was in the
thousands I'm Eric 1200 right now yeah I
mean four figure number of hours two
hundred for the last though month and a
half when I've been trying desperately
and failing to do a no losses she's like
five whole work weeks in two months in
addition to actual work and stuff that
you do with your life so a good chunk of
your free time when we're not watching
we've been watching a lot of house of
cards we're very late to the party
that's okay and season three librarians
what's what's difference between enemy
within enemy unknown enemy where then is
basically just an expansion of enemy
Unknown they're the same game generic
names enemy within I'm sorry I'm very
sorry they're the same game basically
enemy within just has some more stuff
that enemy Unknown doesn't have but
basically think of it like enemy within
is just an expansion pack
somebody wants to know if you've heard
of a game called Styx sty acts like the
band in the river effing men and a lot
of them I know it wasn't Kevin Spacey
great he really is
Savva bitch son of a fucking bitch
horseshit monkey cock motherfucker
you've got no wrong you need help when
you put more hours into a video game
than making love to your beautiful girl
you know I love rich but why but how
many hours two hundred hours in a month
that might be physically kind of too
much that's well like six hours of pay
or something I don't know if I could
physically handle making love six hours
a day day in and day out
I mean if calluses
there goes nothing you almost have to
make this shop you've been pretty good
to me so far if you don't make this I
won't hate you
instead of corpses yes just a pile of
grass that looks like one oh that's some
people who were covered in this green
shed and the aliens abduct them did they
like but Perot they could visit their
cocoon probably do all kinds of things
well if you can last 200 hours you might
want to see a doctor I know it's like a
priapism or whatever you go it don't
fuck up this shop you fucked up that
shot you fucked up that shot real bad
you fucked up that shot real bad bill
let go
what is wrong with you I don't know but
I think you should make them all hot
pink next time because it makes it real
easy to see them
is this XCOM one or two this is one of
the reboot but somebody said that they
fix - what do you mean fixed - I wasn't
aware it was broken they asked you if
they fix - I don't know fixed it and
whoa-oh-oh-oh they did a so I'm gonna
update that fucked something up I don't
remember what it was I've heard they
patched it would you consider playing
life is strange and honest maybe I don't
know it's the second that's in the genre
of walking simulator isn't it the high
school teen driver might be off putting
it for another game really does a good
job of building its narrative and
characters I don't care right now I
don't this is bad bad bad to talk about
anything right now bad bad bad bad make
bad bad bad someone's gonna die and
there's nothing I can do about it
because two people missed good shops I
think he's having a meltdown I think he
needs more cheese Sara saved all of your
asses and I don't know if she's in the
chat tonight I haven't seen her up come
up her name but you all you all owe
seria thank you ah thank you
oh god that was fucking insane I'll be
perfect I love and hate thinman love and
hate I'll be would it be accurate to say
that my taste and video games is soon
sim the sims rollercoaster tycoon and
games that are aimed at eight-year-olds
yeah it's fine I mean let's be honest
you're like what you like i like the
dogs and breeding the little puppies and
yeah
it truly inspires confidence when our
troops come back unharmed and I just
hope we can acquire more of men to join
future operations support support why
are you cursing me with support sex come
on why why oh why it's just not fair
did you lose no no my guy you're no
doubt that emotion but he got a
promotion to a support which I've got
like eight of them lying around the base
they're completely fucking useless so
they're like management yeah then guard
the base
mmm sim games are like Legos there for
ages 8 to 80 I believe that
yeah it's life is strange yeah no that's
very severe our game to stream because
we usually don't focus on the game we
usually talk to the chat and answer
questions you're talking about movies or
other things and we're not gonna be
paying attention to what's going on in
the game it would be a bad one to stream
I just want to know why like like all
the cool casual games that we used to
play on the PC like five years ago never
made it to fall asleep
remember hamster ball yep and that was
fun it was dig these doughnuts okay I
like that one better than you but and
all those crazy word games
all right the first person in the chat
to say fart bar
Karen keep an eye out for the word fart
bar one or two words I don't care you
get to be my new assault
I'm looking I'm not seeing any fart
birds yet or some kind of leg there we
go
Frisco Jones Frisco underscore Jones
Frisco like San Francisco Frisco all
right how do you want to decorate this
one no what's a third bar look like
they're gonna solid bar farts need
somebody who's Blacky looking like a bar
sure why not
and some find the most rectangular
looking character rectangular yeah you
tell me what do you think is the most
rectangular look some kind use built
like like perfect or change gender oh I
think you're probably not gonna get
somebody's don't like refrigerator in
the females mouth doing weird things are
you sister stop there yeah
did you see the
oh yeah skull skull skull helmet yeah
that's du skulle Alvin what the hell
what the hey
and then we have brown like hard farts
now shits brown I don't know about
oh that kind of wretched green color
kind of works so all right babies shit
green baby shit green that's that's a
fart color why not yeah and her pants
are brown just brown stripes somebody
else already has lightning reflexes
right we're gonna go full-on glass
cannon
yeah that's true somebody said how non
sexualized a female costumes are yeah
they're there they're the same as a male
costumes in a different size
versus a lot on France that's not fair I
tell just operational
commander our satellite is prepped and
standing by for launch we are ready to
deploy it on your orders
satellite launched
sexualizing movie characters butts you
want to see some nice butts a friend and
I went to see over in gurney Mills Mall
they had on their big screen the bolshoi
ballet The Nutcracker Men in Tights it's
something I could say rich is getting
uncomfortable there's a lot of money
that's a lot of money I'd be kinda bonus
for South America at a different date
satellite launched
satellite launched
how many different locations are there
then we like countries places where they
can go like each country or are there
different like I have a whole bunch of
different cities that's what I'm
wondering I mean like they just put some
names in there you know okay I mean like
like you're in Canada can you go like
Ontario yeah but I mean they it's a
generic map that comes up that's
supposed to be in Vancouver but I mean
okay I think the same map could be used
for job okay they don't have like the
the Space Needle and I did notice the CN
Tower in Toronto yeah I don't need I
don't need to finish explaining what's
going on oh I'm sorry
by all means I did going no God are you
done being rude yep he done been rude
you know during my stream okay you
really can know I didn't notice that
they did change a car I had like a
european-style car on a map once which
I'm sure the mission wasn't a European
city and I had that map before and it
was a different type of car probably in
North America a police car so I have
noticed some variation check tips we get
anymore tips we are getting tips now by
the way
I mean we're capable of reading him if
anybody wants to
well that one was two hours ago almost
maybe they're not working i don't know-
directly to the research team oh yeah
they want to know if you tried the Star
Trek total conversion for FTL never even
heard that sounds cool so like all of
the like it's like faster than life but
like Star Trek
happy birthday Michelle Nichols how old
is Nichelle Nichols like 70 or something
maybe she'll die before 2016 is over
Jelena she'll be in trouble with
everybody else when the plane lands
as far as I know these tips should be
Auto refreshing unless I'm doing
something wrong here it was nice having
me on my last stream Oh am I gonna be
gone
have no fear Jack shall be returning
here you go
oh there more I was just looking what
was on the screen they at the bottom top
oh I never went a different window and
it came back and I was there or so rich
considering all the times mike has Milly
ating Lee covered you in fake blood and
fake diarrhea you sure it's fake
I was wondering is there a shower in the
studio or do you have to drive home
covered in filth there didn't used to be
at the the old old studio way back in
the day there is now although yeah but I
think at the time we did the fake
diarrhea for the well one of the times
we didn't fake diarrhea and that
happened more than once I had the sewing
company but for the last one we did with
the fake diarrhea we definitely had a
shower for when we did the all of that
ton of fake blood for the Evil Dead
review I think that was long enough ago
it was at the old studio and no that was
to change your clothes and and make the
best of a sticky situation I know he has
come home with with clothes in a bag
like soaking wet with mystery substances
on them
you make that sound so suspicious no
like fake a whole crap well you remember
when when you were doing the sprinkler
sprinkler thing and you you smelled like
whatever that stuff they put the pipes
all the time yep everything smelled like
that wasn't a terrible smell it's kind
of a sweet sort of way though sweet sort
of wd-40 ish it's like a petroleum sort
of smell like a petroleum distillate and
sweet and rubber I don't know I can't
quite describe it it was characteristic
it was on everything do we indeed live
together we do indeed we haven't killed
each other yet now we get along we keep
each other warm and these rather crappy
Upper Midwest winters
they want to know if you're hanging out
at Milwaukee's manhole instead of gay
bar because if it isn't it should be
with that name made-up
gay bar but I could be wrong about that
move either actually is that I don't
know about and no nobody I know hangs
out there
so does anything wrong if you do enjoy
it but I don't give a shit you do in
your free time yeah whatever you do it's
none of our business
like the old sitcom couples sleeping in
separate beds and wearing pajamas with
funny hats if that's how you want to
make sure uh sure though I do have my
those new fuzzy pajamas that I bought to
keep me warm they're like this they're
ugly as sin but they're really soft
they're like this super soft flannel and
they're bright red and they say love
across the front and silver sequins they
are the ugliest things but very soft
very very soft it's like being wrapped
up in a stuffed animal does rich put out
lots of heat he does and I'm like one of
those people who's always hot when
they're sleeping so I turn down the fan
and he complains and throws extra covers
on himself and we were out and there's a
freaking fan blowing on me what did I
learn about being in a relationship I
think we both just chilled out a little
bit I think we were both but when we
first became a couple I think we're both
worried about winning battles they
weren't worth the war
how do I like these Wisconsin winners
makes me long for balmy Chicago winters
yeah that's pretty much it the
difference sometimes it's a little
warmer up here sometimes it's a little
warmer at just south of Chicago where
I'm from
on average it's probably about four
degrees cooler up here but four degrees
is nothing it's the same winter the very
same winter we're not in those Lake
Superior snowbelt I mean we're we're
just not so it's the same winter same
side of the same Lake
somebody says there's a gay bar in
Milwaukee called the ball game that's an
awesome name
our current satellite uplink facilities
are at full capacity we should build
additional links they want to know if
I'm your mom and it's in my basement
that would be creepy no they were like
one person there's a creep probably one
person using proper assistance
abductions and progress are locked on
the hologram I want to know if you do
everything that make me happy try to
keep you happy too we enjoy each other
we appreciate each other would you say
I'd do everything to make you happy you
try and I try don't you happy do I
succeed well I mean you know I are they
talking about everything to the point of
sacrificing your own wants and needs
because nobody's asking you to do that
do I think we strike a decent balance
okay thank we we lived together before
and then for a number of years we didn't
and we appreciate being back together
well being able to hang out home chill
out how long did I spend shopping with
you yesterday what I want to point
something out her well you're the one
who this was for an item furball I know
I know that but when I go into stores I
would have been done I would have been
home by 3:30 I really would have been
home by 3:30 I wonder do you have a
thing I don't have a thing I go to the
other thing I'll you know think I'm
gonna go they post ID everything okay
you don't I go home I would have went
home by 3:30 what time did I get home he
thinks shopping is a mission and I think
shopping is an experience know that I
know that what time did we get home last
night
it wasn't badly nine that sounds about
right I think we probably left like
three or four so we did get food while
you're around the we stopped that at
that at home and we're really quick you
know I want do they have the thing you
don't know anything okay I think it's
like a warehouse of like pillows and
it's a home decor super story
but they call themselves and to me all
right all that stuff I love looking good
and I let you look at well after a while
my favorite good entire oh I hope you I
hope you realize that that is kind of a
sacrifice on my part it is but look I
got an ice shelf that I can put my me
bows on
I know I know you got last night nice
things yeah mm-hmm
nice little little expensive wouldn't
show about 15 inches long by 30 I know
well we went to game stuff that was for
both of us
no it was for you I don't have any games
any I know you're looking for your
amiibo collection do the other four
controller but they didn't have the one
you wanted that's once again
yeah the controller no okay I'm gonna go
home now yeah I went ahead and picked up
the Animal Crossing amiibos because now
they're affordable she's addicted to the
Animal Crossing I I love Animal Crossing
I've always have all of its incarnations
I've played except for the very very
original animal forest panic be damned
the snipers too good
I'll deal with the consequences how many
hours will be spent at IKEA if we ever
been to Ikea together support I'm not
sure if we've ever been to Ikea together
no and I've never I've never been to
Ikea there's there's didn't what
you know I we're from the south suburbs
of Chicago and Akitas in the far west
suburbs and Chicago suburbs are a huge
sprawling monster it's just a long drive
so I don't think we ever did get to Ikea
together I've been to Ikea but he says
he's never been nykeya know and I think
I was I was at IKEA with somebody else
a Chrome extension plays Animal Crossing
music at the appropriate hour and season
oh that sounds cute it's got some nice
kind of ambient background music I I
know shopping is a mission for a lot of
people and I know you will if you treat
shopping as a mission you will save
money I totally understand that I'm just
quoting I do it it's it's the little
things and I do try to do them for you
I love the hell out of you who likes to
make dinner for you I know you don't I
appreciate it who's been doing the
laundry I appreciate it I do a dishes
who brings the who brings the garbage
can over to you so that you can just
reach over and put all those empty cans
of pop you have to get off who walks
that the garbage can a block and a half
to the dumpster oh I know the dumpster
is ridiculously far away who walks the
laundry down three sites of stairs into
the end of the building so we both do
things we will do things yeah
snipers too good
well yeah in Texas three hours and if
you're out in the sticks yeah you might
drive three hours to get somewhere but
driving through Chicago suburb traffic
for an hour is kind of annoying and IKEA
is probably better than an hour just
because you're driving around the
busiest parts of the busiest highways a
block and a half yeah our dumpster is it
is like it's right the way our dumpsters
are located at the the apartment I'm at
I it is the fart I'm at the spot where
it's like yeah this possible walk who
could have yeah into a dumpster it's
like a multi building complex yeah and
it's at the far end where we aren't it's
just not close it's not really a black
and a half but it turns the city blocks
it might be half a block probably a full
city block
no it's an eighth of a mile not that far
but it's it's not close and the weather
it seems looks like a backup in
different cultural skittles this evil
hard David I'm skittles
rich dudes dishes and I do the cooking
and I do the laundry he does the garbage
I mean that you know it's not like some
kind of rule it's just like who hates
doing it less
and I straighten up our random bullshit
apartment complexes have their pros and
cons I mean you know it's kind of nice
to be sitting inside where it's nice and
warm listen to somebody else snow blow
the walkways
our love has melted they're cold the
evil heart hugs to everyone
oh I I think we just we appreciate each
other we were we were apart for too long
we're not we're not ancient but we're
not children anymore
and we appreciate that we've that you
know the gift of having time together
and and and being with someone that
you've known for a good chunk of your
life and who knows you and who loves you
in spite of knowing you spoken like a
woman maybe how would you how would you
will say it I love her you just wouldn't
I'd say I love her are you saying I'm
the more long-winded section of Everly
something I put a keep teasing you okay
I wouldn't have it any other way
current cooks well riches on overwatch
technically that's true because I have
been playing a lot of X comma everything
is a rich
wait wait wait till I'm done with this
particular mission yeah rich I'm not
done with this mission yet
just just a minute well I can't I can't
get them no you know and then I'll be
just about ready to drift off at night
while I'm waiting for him to come to bed
he's trying to get that one last mission
in and I'll hear him all I'll hear him
yell some kind of obscenity because he
lost a soldier sailor Airman I don't
know what are these things it's space
cowboys they're anti Space Marines
if you're in a spaceship are you in the
Air Force and Marines because it's like
a ship I mean the Air Force or the Navy
is it's like a ship but it's like an
airship and it like you know it's like
long-range sailing like like the Navy
but but like you know it's in the it's
it's in the air and stuff so or not air
and the not atmosphere but the spaceship
be be the Navy or the Air Force what'd I
ever do a best of the worst or a we love
the worst she's not a bad movie I'm not
a bad movie person yeah I mean I think
it's made her watch the room and she did
not enjoy herself at all yeah I mean I
think it's cool that other people like
it but if I'm being true to who I am
yeah
Star Trek treats them yeah that's true
they have like Admirals and stuff like a
naval ship that's yeah I'm kind of
leaning toward there they'd be space so
these guys are like Space Marines yeah
clinchers what that was
well part of the reason why I tend to
make dinner more often than rich just
don't riches not as skilled not that I'm
terrible still but when we first when we
first became a couple rich one day he
was making hot dogs and I said he was
microwaving them and I said well could
you boil mine instead and he asked me
how and I said well you know I want the
water to be hot the hot dog to be in it
exact order of things is not that
important hold on honey I need to save
my soldiers yeah it's pretty much that
what I do a review with a capital v
what's that that's some of them sure we
do when we talk about movies we like
genuinely good maybe there are movies I
like that are genuinely good the movies
I like that nobody else likes - I'm sure
but
I mean I do have a soft spot for like I
mean I like you know some mainstream
movies I do have a soft spot for silly
shit like Hotel Transylvania 2 original
he likes pizza is there anyone who
doesn't like pizza I need the water to
be hot and the hotdog to be in it Matty
euphemism no it's not a euphemism I do
like good movies and good books I do
good albums you know there's only so
many hours in the day I'll spend it
doing stuff you like unless it's your
job to do stuff don't like and to make
fun out of it and do a good job making
fun out of it they have fun making fun
out of it
have rich roast marshmallows you can't
screw that up I don't think rich likes
marshmallow isn't it much of a sweet
tooth you like marshmallows rich I hate
them they're fine okay I don't love them
either
I just set them on fire I know people
like to roast them and crit and you know
kind of caramelized the sugar but I just
set them on fire I like that kind of
burnt marshmallow skin Pizza killed my
mother and raped my father's as a bandit
rein video or it didn't happen my cousin
is married to a lovely woman who hates
chocolate she is insane yes she is the
older I get the more I like chocolate
there's a kid I didn't like chocolate
ice cream I don't know why for chocolate
milk I knew that was gonna happen
fucking-a knew it Chicago pizza is a pie
comparing Chicago pizza and thin crust
pizza well I mean there are thin crust
pizzas in Chicago but comparing
deep-dish Chicago pizza to say New York
Pizza or something is it's apples and
oranges they're just they're both pizza
but it's such a broad topic you know a
broad category
it would be a gross video Master Kenobi
Chicago pizza is it's it's a pie it's
not pizza in the usual sense of pizza
it's it's it's own thing and it's
delicious a casserole
maybe yeah let's go stuffed recipe make
me hungry
hey where's good rich you said you've
heard one place we what's the best place
to get pizza in Milwaukee if anybody
lives around here I mean I'm down in the
Chicago area enough I can get my pizza
fix but what's the best pizza around
here which is this concentrating
imaginary people might diverge good
these are real people yeah but they're
not really gonna die from Verto cabbage
patches are
oh my god
Domino's did you tell him the story
about the store manager I did you tell
me good Oh God
I'll cut to the chase where we used to
work at the same place and it was a
grocery store and they were having like
a safety pizza party or something some
kind of pizza party and the store was
paying for it and they were talking
about where they should get pizza from
and the store manager asked rich in a
tone of reverence have you had Domino's
and it's like oh my god you ever had
yeah like like you ever had dumb like
your life isn't complete until you've
had Domino's and it was like seriously I
mean Domino's is a pizza like there's
like well just about anything is better
yeah
if Domino's is the best pizza you've
ever had that you need a deprived life
there is much better pizza
what do you got what do you want to know
what you're gonna make another ASMR
video I don't know I don't know anything
right now Domino's is mad yeah that's
pretty much it damn nose is mad they're
not aggressively horrible
they're just me me I know I know she was
blamed mathematically it's supposed to
be better to take the I always take the
rapid fire but what would you trust I
need to hit once I need to hit once I
can either take to 54% shots or one 69%
shot
well yeah good pizzas whatever you
personally like but I'm also suggesting
that good pizza is whatever if I could
take a vote that more people would
appreciate that I really I really
appreciated that Karen that was nice of
you I know this gaming stream I hate I
hate to interrupt your pizza talk during
our gaming stream when they did a game
advise the time to throw a grenade I
don't have a grenade she's got my my
stunner
yeah that's what George Carlin said
George Carlin said pizzas like sex when
it's good it's good when it's bad it's
still good oh oh god I hate this I hate
this oh all of this game is intense
it really is intense I don't see any
tents and I need that little fucker
alive he's gonna try and flank me
somewhere now do the two shafts
obviously somebody says DoubleTap I know
you weren't paying any attention all the
what I was doing so I wouldn't expect
you enough you're being you're being
quite rude you want to have this problem
who's talking about us disgusting ally
close-combat damn it oh so much for that
stunned oh well at least we didn't lose
anybody
you think you like sex calm you think
yeah god it's a gaming stream don't get
irritated when I know somebody said that
okay I just teased him okay so you think
you think he likes maybe you think
somebody said I think they think he
likes it
I know we're all about blathering on
here but it's kind of a gaming stream
too I'm sorry I Jack the stream to talk
about pizza that's right yeah that's why
I should show up so you can hijack the
stream and talk about pizza in addition
I mean I'm not I'm just not equipped to
hijack the stream to talk about video
games no teasing makes for good well cuz
touchpads are shit
try hitting escape
no most recent one was the one about
fake diarrhea it's probably gonna be a
group bursting out of this door I'm
gonna want to move my knife or over this
way I think to get a view in here
I know watching him freak out we should
have put the the hurt ometer on him
honest oh he should have is that he
totally should have I would have if I
would have thought of it be a pain about
the Sun up right now every word I use
talks about bookworm adventures too I
have not brought that up today I've been
good I'll take it
wish you guys had waited to light a time
to regroup if you want to play video
game about Pete so there's the noid
do or die
do or die
yeah water to go for the stun we're
gonna have to go for the kill
don't want to lose that sniper I did say
superannuated and yes that would be very
good book or pictures word they want to
know if you have any new shows coming
down the old pipes a new show new
episodes or like an entirely new concept
what do they want
when I try making my own pizza I always
fail on putting too many toppings on and
then I can't even cook evenly because
there's so much shit and it's three just
thinking yeah but I'm like it can use
some of this and some of that some of
this and pretty soon was insane don't
crowd a pizza
somebody said to use a bread machine for
the pizza crust it's not a bad idea
I really can't strong this one I'm glad
everyone made it back safely first on
the alien then shoot and kill it after
stunning hahahaha
remember we will be launching I know I
finally learned like finally started to
develop some restraint with toppings and
places that have unlimited toppings we I
used to go to Subway and get like
literally everything or any sandwich
place and I've started to realize that
sometimes certain combinations of things
taste better than literally putting
everything on there I learned this the
first time I had supreme
this is fucking awful but I liked
supreme that's fucking awful too much
shit on supreme too much shit is this a
no one dies run last stream it started
out that way it ended very quickly and
this is just gonna be a full playthrough
with people named after people on the
chat soldiers named after people on the
jet
I'd love to have an alien to study it's
just it's just not gonna fucking happen
whoo eggplant a pizza that does sound
good eggplant yeah
I was gonna need those engineers
eggplant is it's at its best breaded and
fried and wrapped around some cheese
with some with some marinara sauce on
top
Oh seriously the second one free rock
well the best game I played this year
agent Ryan I would have realized I
needed those engineers and as much as I
wanted that sniper I would have went for
engineers actually that might not have
been an option I think my other ops are
money and scientists so as fuck to begin
with nevermind cover the eggplant which
with cheese and sauce and through the
eggplant out and enjoy we're developing
a good squad here well eggplant parmesan
is is is you know just further proof
that virtually any vegetable is better
if you deep-fry it and bread it like
deep fried okra oh yeah
regular okra
I do see the problem Tiberius clerk on
the Kirk on the other hand you that
almost qualifies as a salad so you can
say you're having a salad in that pizza
what was it a reference to he said it's
typical unlimited toppings place pizza
is pepperoni salami ham spicy sauce
regular sauce regular cheese gorgonzola
artichoke hearts bell peppers chopped
garlic onion and zucchini see the
problem and I was just pointing out that
you know with all those vegetables it's
practically a salad eggplants not good
raw
and like raw radishes so I don't know
about deep fried radishes
hi apocalypse moves
isn't Kraft Parmesan cheese supposedly
made with like sawdust or something was
Frisco Jones the last person we named
yes have we do for another person the
name superannuated that's all right
yes they have you have to spell it right
we'll name it after the first person who
spells superannuated correctly it's a
spelling test not me
superannuated I'm just gonna ignore you
if you say me uh Tiberius Kirk is our
winner
right
it's just us not all us right yeah my
brain doesn't always work you know
that's who what you know that is
Tiberius James two bears yeah yeah I
just just seem to sin I know what
Captain Kirk's name is well Captain Kirk
but you don't necessarily know what the
T is for everybody knows what it stands
for there's a lot of Star Wars fans out
there who don't know jack-shit letting
them what what curse middle name is I
mean I'm like a casual Star Wars fan
Star Trek fan I haven't seen every
single episode probably I can't I don't
know the names of most of the episodes
but I know that you wanna don't make
them look like Kirk and I'm wearing my
Star Trek t-shirt Jon make them look
like her oh yeah sure let's make them
look let's let's make them look like
Kirk all right
facial hair clean-shaven obviously head
no right definitely not a square jaw
does that fellow know what you think no
no okay
no no no what
baby it's not it's not gonna be perfect
she's a hair first though cuz you know
having light eyebrows and light hair
will probably help make it look more in
one way or the other
because real hair maybe like that I'll
go back that's kind of the which one
this one yeah that's kind of the look he
went for early on still trying to find a
face form
color
darker no that's about right about right
yeah he's kind of somewhere between
dishwater and strawberry okay skin color
skin tone
he's pretty white they did have him kind
of made up orange so lighter orange
which one orange I guess that's that's
like super pale a little bit darker
that's kind of orange
that's very Orange it's like ashen
that's that's like Trump face based on
these are not Trump
that's more like whose name I was a big
baby
someone Hamilton was just lemonade
forgetting I mean based based on is you
know on his eyebrow that that's fine
that's fine yeah that's good to him yeah
I mean I mean based based on his natural
hair color in his eyebrows and stuff
he's probably pale as heck and that is
totally not the face totally not the
face totally not face totally not the
face totally not fair but closer maybe
maybe yeah at least the upper faces oh
yeah yeah that looks because that kind
of looks like the actor who plays him in
the new reboot you say this so this
looks like pine yeah Chris Pine
all right a little bit all right color
um well we got to find yellow right of
course right there wait wait wait
which outfit
but that 3 that one I this one yeah all
right uh tents not that bright not that
bright
not bad yeah it's not too bad the guns
about the right color
23:16 think about that old show I think
this I think this is it yeah yeah that's
16 and 23 7 a little bit more subdued I
think that's the right one this is the
right one yeah all right yeah well what
was 7 that's Kirk
season one yellow nice yeah they put
cellulose in it the problem was that
they put too much so yellows in it I
mean it's it's it helps with the anti
clumping thing I think they all put
cellulose in their cheese or most of
them but uh when you have more start
having more of that than the cheese then
people get a little annoyed so the other
did get sued for allegedly having too
much legolas supposedly in all fairness
I've always kind of fine
oh thank you thank you for the bless you
I did sneeze
you'll be heading into Japan for the
next mission it looks like we got lucky
the alien crash site is in a remote area
watch your cooks gonna be the first one
to die I don't know about a sniper for
Kirk that's the only thing Kirk doesn't
lead from the back Kirk's totally an
assault class you know that means jack
shit to you no I know what you're saying
yeah why they send the captain on the
away team this shows quite beyond
anybody but of course he's safe because
his shirt isn't red he's a captain in
the way that Sir Francis Drake was
leading from the front Star Trek is the
frontier was this the fucking why let's
Francis great Drake leading from the
front or was he what is he sitting
sitting on the bridge telling people
what to do okay I guess he might not
have been in those little boats there
we've been we've been listening to the
pirate pirate history podcast and there
are they're talking about Sir Francis
Drake where we are at right now talk
about this the strategy they've been
using of they have one big boat and then
little boats go out from the big boat to
capture their mother ships and like a
mother collar yeah I guess I guess
Francis Drake might not have been on the
little boats they use I can't get a
picture in it that way
but he was he was a he was not royalty
he bbz was relevant he was a commoner
who was leading in and at least some of
I don't know about Francis Drake's when
where the other but at least some of the
the pirate enclaves were rather
democratic Oh nonot trek again well we
can't keep talking about Star Wars
because it's so fucking shallow so
you're gonna have to put up a trek
jackass that was British we strike the
flood bloodthirsty criminal I'm not sure
if his bloodthirsty so much as he was
loot hunger a little bit of revenge
driven a little bit he didn't like the
Spanish we didn't get to Blackbeard yet
and we haven't gotten too overly either
we're very early yeah I just Drake is
like one of the first pirates that this
particular yeah person is focusing on
Caribbean pirates specifically near the
Americas I'm sure that theater the I'm
sure the anglo-spanish war so on piracy
has probably been around as long as
there have been ships but this podcast
is specifically talking about like
Caribbean American piracy alyssaginsburg
Elizabeth the first is figures
prominently in the first half dozen
episodes of this podcast I think what
are we up to now 10 or something eight I
think I'm you
we're listening to a before well I
listened to what first art well that my
old job because I used to be able to
listen to it early in the day and then I
had to turn it off later when the store
actually opened what's what's plugin who
does it I I don't know and I I guess I
could look it up but it's the pirate
history podcast there's also like a
history of pirates podcast is not proper
plug it's it's good stuff it really is
and it's a free podcast you know you can
support them on patreon or whatever but
you want to just check it out it cost
you nothing
open up a window here what's the name of
the podcast it's just the pirate history
podcast that's simply enough that's what
it is that is what it is yeah and it's
just it's it's you know it's nonfiction
history stuff but it's it's compelling
history it's interesting history the the
stories of these these you know
privateers and so forth are very
interesting and I think he's up to like
episode 20 or something I listen to like
the first dozen before I moved up here
and rich and I together or listened to
like the first nine we haven't quite
caught up to why I left off yet yeah
it's called it's a pirate history
podcast.com it's the pirate history
podcast it is up to episode 23
and I think each one's probably about 40
minutes and their quality
he said sure sir Drake would be on the
quarterdeck the age of sale did not have
a bridge the quarterdeck was the one one
of the most dangerous places to be also
officers that time period were very
hands-on lead from the front kind of
guys Drake was not a pirate he was a
privateer yeah although I'm guessing
that people and people who were being
private eared by him probably thought it
was a pirate that pirate pirate is
probably used as they the word right now
but to put someone down and privateer to
to play up the more legitimate aspects
take out my cover here I know the second
I ran out here this shit's gonna come
nuts
yeah I've been getting but we've
listened to that and I got rich
listening to a little welcome to night
Vale dammit dammit not close enough oh
fuck my nutsack fuck my nutsack what do
I do if cats were larger they would eat
humans see I probably terrible what do I
do in this situation I have no fuckin
idea I don't either
I don't either except the choline that's
not gonna help how many choices do you
have well I got to kill three guys
that's awful
there were mercenaries are privately
commissioned naval ships they had a
letter of marque so with legitimate by
the rules of the day so framing we think
of a Spain were thinking was a pirate by
today's standards he would be an
outsourcer yes yeah a general in a
Caribbean theater of the Spanish Spanish
English war but it's interesting as
letters of marks with a cue I figured it
was with a que I don't know I was
thinking like marks like I make Cara and
me are KS I've heard it but I've never
seen it in print she usually have the
opposite problem where I see things in
print and I don't know who fucked my
nutsack rich Evans 2016 that just sounds
painful
good morning from your a perfect wake up
coffee straight
yeah we're what it wouldn't about 7:00
in the morning over there wherever you
are bending and we're and they are qu is
and that that spelled almost like
marquis de sade right all right
34% chance do I take the shot or do I
hunker down those are my options
take the shot or hunker the fuck down
well this is a nightmare well some cats
would eat us and some cats would just
screw around with us like the ones who
haven't really been raised from kitten
hood to eat mice or to attack mice by
their parents they don't really know
what to do with them they realized that
they're moving things and that they're
fascinated by assaulting them but
they're not really quite sure what they
want to do with them happy New Year to
you too far takus Kirk doesn't hunker
that's right Kirk's at risk-taker
disabling shot I can't kill him but I
might be able to disable him it's our
only shot oh no it failed they want to
know if Ian's carry grenades yes was it
they want to know if the mutants carry
goodness yes they do look that would be
the best thing he could do a grenade
would take off five health it would not
kill any of my guys what happened was
the the best I could hope for he ran
away
I was totally waiting for him to take
the kill shop
still got a fucking deal with a mountain
now I'm worried about what's on the
other side of this door
we've saved to take the chat it's been
like he's been done okay I did he missed
but I didn't get attacked anyway
oh that's a joy
yeah good good now this is bad this is
bad this interesting we've got like a
couple different threads go and I won
about pirates and the pizza Scott him
died away and what about this game I'm
in I'm in a big time things going on
vote
alright Kirk come on JT JT did his job
now I'm the picks got to do there's
actually did you call the purple guys
crystal it's you ever see it you've seen
it once yeah that's kind of what they're
like sorry they they attack you they
shove something down your throat and
then eventually a trip side of your
stomach
they want to know who's getting
gangbanged by chrysalids nobody cuz a
fucking shit up
it sounds like an interesting history
class
dyrus Nye the Kirk would not approve of
murdering that innocent creature either
Ron
maybe next playthrough I'm gonna model
everybody after a Star Trek character
look at a Spock in here
and you've got a pink shirt I want to
know if there are any spawn money night
spots I don't know
what are those black puddles
that's just debris stuff blew up alien
technology they blow out put a left some
kind of weird charred mess okay that's
bargains yeah that's fungus they're like
vampires gangbang by crystal it sounds a
good band name
I still got that mutant running around
somewhere
Oh God
yeah everybody's on hold while I'm
dealing with these fuckers sure they
have made Star Trek strategy games
surely be surprised
probably not recently franchise is just
waiting in annoyed
a speaking of creepy aliens we listen to
while we were put up our Christmas
decorations we listen over the wahoos
while you were fixing your desk
anyway we listen to who goes there which
is the the audiobook version of who goes
there which is the book on which oh the
thing yeah and then he pointed out that
there's a version for the things things
viewpoint yeah that's ooh so I listen to
that or read that oh you read that one
you found it I did what do you think of
that one it was interesting he the thing
felt felt bad for people the fact that
they had no interest in bettering
themselves or achieving any sort of
immortality so limited so confined yeah
so lonely and from its point of view and
and so so mortal
where is it okay there are species of
spiders that eat that where they young
eat their way out there's some octopus
species that do some weird shit to
memory serves there he is
hang back then there's a frog whose
babies who don't die but whose babies
come out of like back pimples the
no rush no rush we know where he is know
where he is
I thought he was on the other side so
this is this is good you've got
lightning reflexes soon you're safe take
a fucking shot now no I'm not going to
maybe
I want to risk the banging up there so
she's gonna stay here well the thing is
thing is immortal in the sense that that
it doesn't seem s our cells are
programmed to die but things that that
have cells that aren't programmed to age
and I don't necessarily live forever
there are other things that can kill
them
thank you Bill Oaxaca
actually more than bird human births
being creepy some of the parasites out
there that like mine fuck animals now
there's their creepy shit it's probably
on overwatch
I've got lightning oh yeah spiders are
great I mean obviously if you've got
giant spiders all over you maybe not so
much but I always leave them alone
because I figure if you've got enough if
you've got enough critters running
around for carnivorous spiders to eat
you need the spiders said you need this
you got a bigger problem than the
spiders take care of the the whatever
the spiders are eating and in the
spiders will starve and then you want it
with spider problem anymore I was just
reading about lobster died of old age
they say the Lapps lobsters cells don't
die of old age in the sense that they
don't senesce and their telomeres
don't you know shorten and result in a
crappy replication and aging yeah like
ours judging yeah but as they get bigger
and they molt the amount of energy
required to molt goes up and at some
point they stop molting and when they
stop molting their their carapace or
whatever they're called they're their
kite miss exoskeletons become diseased
or they they try to molt and they get
stuck in their mold but sooner or later
they they tend to run into problems if
something else doesn't kill them with
their molting and that kills them and
like trees I mean trees don't don't age
and senesce the way humans do but they
tend to collapse under their own weight
sooner or later some much later unless
there's something like like an aspen
where they're all like individual shoots
are not really trees
I hope there's something left alive I
can capture
that's not good yeah me bus' amoebas are
kind of immortal but amoebas don't
sexually reproduce so they're kind of a
different category too and they're all
kind of one individual yeah they're
plant that causes ants to die there's
one that causes like like caterpillars
or whatever they're their antennae
become these huge swollen pulsating and
like things and then birds eat them and
then there's like you know toxoplasmosis
which will fix the antenna well doesn't
it specifically make it look like a
world yeah and then the birds eat it
because they think it's a word yeah or
toxoplasmosis which affects human minds
in ways that we're not entirely sure how
it all works but we're pretty sure it
does and toxoplasmosis is the cat venom
well it's it's a it's a parasite that
that it's it's all thing is the cat
venom is that it wants to get into a cat
to reproduce and it gets them the it
gets into the cat by being eaten by by
be eaten by the cat so it makes rats
attracted to rat urine and and on the
afraid of cats yes basically it makes
rats not afraid of cats so that they're
more likely to get eaten it makes rats
possibly even sexually attracted to cat
urine but then it also gets under the
humans and we they suspect it does
something with us they think that it
makes men more aggressive women more
promiscuous women more possibly more
outgoing and so he flies venom and in
slowed-down venom and slows people close
people's reflexes to the point that it
may be contributing to highway mortality
it also might cause
earlier onset of Alzheimer's or early
brain degeneration they're not entirely
sure also of your immunocompromised or
if you're like a fetus in a wall making
you know fuck you up outright oh yeah
they and they think some people think
it's some of some of the studies have
suggested that it's connected to
schizophrenia as well of course
schizophrenic slike are more likely to
be born during the winter months so
there's there's been a lot of
speculation that that diseases of one
sort or another predispose one to gets
ofrenda later in life in fact such
diseases
okay that doesn't sound like fun grim
hound so old old cat woman 250 cats are
stupid horn super horny I don't think
there's any kind of a dose-response
thing going on relatively speaking is
that how it works yeah but I don't think
I I don't know that anybody has done a
count on the number of system cats
someone has and what what that has to do
with their system with their tax or
plasmosis cyst load and how that you
know affects the relative severity of
whatever symptoms there might or might
not be own to human well you know I mean
we are ninety percent organisms that are
not our that are not us by sheer number
were filled with bacteria we're covered
in bacteria and a good chunk of our DNA
including some very important DNA comes
from viruses so yeah we're kind of
communities anyway walking communities
of stuff they want to know how you're
not bored of it no it does something to
my brain which my brain loves I don't
think I'm ever going to get bored of
this it's a parasite yeah he's infected
in that's possible get rid of
toxoplasmosis with the CRISPR gene
editing suit how would that work I mean
I can see how you can add stuff in but i
wondering how you get rid of stuff or do
you just come up with something that
inactivates it that shuts it off
commander the operation alright I've
never ended up skipping a step in this
ladder they say we're reptilian aliens
that was an eruption in the middle of my
sentence but that's ok that's ok that's
ok
go on no it's fine it's fine I'm
skipping a step here in the game there's
a story research progression and I'm
wondering if it will actually let me if
I can't research this now looks like I
can good is that all that's left of the
specimen we attempted to capture no no
collected who gives a shit we may have
found the source of the strange readings
we picked up when we first encountered
it what have you heard simple parasite
eve they're not exactly sure its nature
it's highly magnet enemies dude that's
because it's a crashed ship exhale
plasma strips that do shoot down these
kindly to have less aliens on them
because that's become theories some
would die in the crash
so that were just a landed ship and not
a ship that were shot down there would
have been more is an antenna one that's
receiving a signal that signal
can we trace it no at least not yet
we were first need to determine its
encryption algorithm
I mean Chrissy the CRISPR gene editing I
mean you sure it'll drive ethics
committees nuts but it certainly got the
potential here are a lot of what ales
trace the signal
good night how do we start
I don't know not long after I sent you a
text asking what you wanted on your
sandwich there's a little bit long after
that half hour after that maybe 45
minutes okay
maybe even or Noah well I sent you the
text asking what you wanted on your
sandwich at 7 o'clock so yeah we've been
going for a while I think we started at
8:00 no we started yeah no it was close
to 8:00 was I getting tired are you done
I'm getting there right I think I think
that was a good mission to end it on
that was pretty good I'm happy with that
let me I'm gonna hit this button here to
see if I get a miracle comes up and
somebody else's two hours go to more
than two hours will give me engineers
you probably won't maybe for that game
actually their specificity that makes me
think that that's preferably I think it
was it was tend to go before I where we
have problems with the parser rate
problems with someone who's always press
o with a last word on the head problems
with the password in a laptop of like 10
minutes before the stream sound like a
damn it Sunday Sweeney look and see if
anybody tips we almost always stream on
Sunday yeah yeah go who tips what's
today
like the 29 today 29th yeah it's
Wednesday no projects not back I'll
probably be doing something else
oh wait Sunday's New Year's what do you
want doing New Year's
you must ring I'm leaving it open I just
I would flat-out refuse because it's a
long drive I actually might stream
Lanier's we don't run up party goers I
don't drink it's not like this I'm got
to go to the hip patty yeah you know
whatever I'm in unless you really want
to stay home and watch something or do
something no that sounds fine really
what else we gonna do um um I'm not
gonna say it's 100% sharable string but
I'm game yeah I mean at least at least
half the time we end up just sitting
around at home chilling out on New
Year's sometimes we'll go over to
somebody's house or have somebody over
but it's we're not maybe we're not big
drinkers or anything I mean if you like
it but we don't we'll make it a Richie
new year a rich e new year Oh can't do
better than that
you can't do better than that gotta be
something better than that it means one
your you're not willing to be a yes
ma'am
I'm not a yes ma'am and two and and I I
actually appreciate this it means you
actually expect more out of me so it
means you think highly of me there's you
gotta be looking with better word planet
than Ritchie New Year happy whoo here
but now that means nothing to them he's
nothing to them yeah I will come up with
something
of course he is rich he as an Evans so
there's there's that other dimension
there
oh no it's not letting me I do need to
capture an alien the best thing I do is
give rich shit out stream I do in person
to the story of rich Evans can't you do
better than that
should I donate confounding wait do we
have time for one more mission do i yeah
I do you said your butt's getting sore
oh I'll just switch onto the other cheek
or should I you know what I'm gonna
leave confounding light as a cliffhanger
no this is this is a better cliffhanger
wait what screw Scott the winner was
Kirk EV new years Evans Oh New Year's
evens I like it I like it carrying in
the New Year no that's cute
that's cute yeah confounding light
that's a good cliffhanger I don't mind
this mission so much I know a lot of
people this frustrates them it's a hard
mission certainly was the first few
times I did it I think I've got it I
think I've got suspicious pretty figured
out Richie in the new year maybe I'd
like to have precision lasers that's not
going to happen though
I know I do need to stand up but like
the microphone is like adjusts they
might have to like unscrew the
microphone to adjust it to be near my
mouth again first world problems they
want to know if brain things are about
to happen bring in the new year I've got
two squad side snipers that that makes
confounding light a lot easier it means
nothing to you Karen nothing nothing at
all but this to decent squad side
snipers are a godsend for that mission
I've got a I've got a strive developed a
strat that consistently works pretty
well in the mission I'll break it out
next time I play you could play Gears of
War I think they're like happy new gears
now I don't want to fall asleep
midstream we always stay up till
midnight we're night owls tips we caught
up um yep all right unless it like
refreshes or something I mean that's
what's on the screen I've read that all
right let's read the names this is the
point in the stream where we read the
names of the people who have subscribed
during the stream on this big screen in
front of your face oh right just looking
at the laptop Erik verb or is a Eric
bird I'm not sure how you say that but
it's probably Eric age Bru they say what
are next we usually it's me well night
when I do it with Jack was from away we
stood because it's kind of weird if I do
them all that sounds monotone we switch
off one on one on one one okay well I I
forget sometimes which ones I'm supposed
to read the month which ones are
supposed to say fucking okay if it's
over a year do you read the month as 12
months are over if it's 20 year over
it's fucking okay
rota scopic just subscribed loner Archon
28 fucking monster oh says prepare to be
disappointed rich hero jen has
resupplied surgeon 6 Tiberius Kirk 16
months and roses r.i.p Carrie Fisher and
Debbie Reynolds is that her mother yeah
the she an actress yes there's another
famous actress I'm really bad with the
same week yeah
Geno's suave Gino suave you do the
accent that is another Spanish word
you're doing like a phrase a friend I'm
gonna follow you do you do it you do it
Spanish if you can you know 12 it oh my
god no I sound like I'm China
ah knowledge junkie 17 months a neurosis
no need to feel lonely
with all these subs I said the big leg
disgusted I don't know why I don't know
why quiet came all that way the real net
boy the real net boy says Disney killed
furry Fisher by making a CGI Leia we are
sure she did not take that well she said
that likeness of me just the Leia and me
and rogue one looks sure looks dead I'm
glad I'm not dead ceramic says RB snake
prereq J Yellow Ranger were the great
will soul says two fucking months for
three fucking hack frauds now that's a
deal
collecting data says rich Evans have you
ever milked a cow and they've also been
subscribed for how long 20 to fucking
months in a row xeno trope has been
subscribed for 29 fucking months in a
row says
hurry X Kombat good man a Happy New Year
skylight waves the no D 1597 twelve
months in a row says I love you guys we
love you too o star huggles has recentiy
and boron super alien super cocaine I'm
super alien space alien space alien
super cocaine Hooked on Phonics did not
work for me do you want to even face
aliens say cocaine says penis penis
penis penis how deep
penis penis penis penis penis penis
penis penis penis penis PIPA breena's
penis penis penis penis penis okay uh
purple space bazooka has resupplied for
twenty three fucking months in a row you
said that's so fucked you were like
leaning over this way and looking at me
I'm sure none of that picked up in the
mic so I'm gonna say the name again
purple space was Rica 23 fucking what I
say purple space bazooka says greetings
Karen and rich hope you had happy
holidays best wishes for you to into
everyone at rlm and to you and yours
ghost toast 999 says hope everyone had a
great holiday
l-last or I last 1980 force backslash s
nineteen months all rig Slayer 21
fucking months in a row says damn feels
like it's been 21 years love that guys
though have loved you guys though have a
wonderful new year hella but barn 13
months in a row have a but it's hella
but it's a fish I know
but barn I say like halibut hey how do
you say what happened halibut
how about gotta fucking you Ali Molly
holy moly
pineapple Yeti pumpkin shoe fuckin shoe
says I clicked a thing o left turn only
Oh
El Pollo Diablo and bull of Diablo the
devil chicken six five seven says have a
good New Year right back at you
motherfucker pick my beats 28 fucking
monster row die Glocke 21 it's been
recent crime for 21 fucking months in a
row so tagalog says i don't know what to
say here except thanks for all the great
conversations and listening to you and
Karen is really fun oh oh
mark 3611 face 9 Wario says here's
another resub Thank You poop dick poop
deck five zero seven nine says hi rich
and Karen the ExCom complete pack is on
sale on Steam for 9.99 for someone who
has never played XCOM is it a must buy
at that price it's a must buy for five
times that if you are like rich you
can't go wrong buying it and that's
that's pretty cheap Master Kenobi has
recently jumped the gun with the 20 we
really should have waited till 24 okay
it was kind of too late at that point
yeah you can't really unfuck it it's
hard to believe that in a few months
it'll be three years since you guys
started these streams keep up the great
work you provided us with a lot of great
moments thanks lady Denning 13 months a
neurosis happy Christmas everyone happy
Christmas to you too and happy Kwanzaa
and happy solstice and just Christmas
they only said Christmas only filming
everybody else though - happy happy
Kwanzaa and solstice and and Hanukkah
and and nothing as you like whatever you
do or don't celebrate maybe you know
what maybe I'll have to bring I'll have
to clear this with Jack but I think once
we had 36 it's gonna be fucking nut sack
well 31 fucking nut sack months in a row
now that doesn't sound right
that does not have a ring to it it's
sort of good in my head before I said it
out loud that I said it out loud and it
just sounds and dumb motherfucking just
doesn't know a motherfucker nothing to
it that's not enough for the majesty
than three years some is a needs to be
magical I don't want GD so I well not
that I have much say but you know sure
you go up with something suitable thank
you F F and Eamon I think it's a
phenomena finiman a finiman cinnamon has
resupplied or 11 months in a row you had
a freebie there I was only 11 oh my
mistake fucked up yeah I love you anyway
that's good keep you around for your
looks
Oh explore Oh eggs yonder yonder yonder
yonder says me so sexy we'll have to
take your word for it and veggie
sixty-four who says happy birthday and
Merry Christmas rich Evans thank you
is that a late for last year and early
for next year for subscribing if we
really appreciate it
we really do it's true we really do know
you fuck that up
