Oct 5, 2016
Dustforce, Haydee, Please, Don't Touch Anything
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/96239211
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/96240572
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S-5vDSw5TH8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yRpWSny9924
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/783723037610893313

[Part I]
and I'm just a little camera and that's
not corner help what I'm just a little
camera in the top corner is that all my
shirts dark I thought I was that's the
laptop
it looks like I'm I thought it was cut
off oh no you're there though I see that
that's part of shiny no I thought that
was just I thought I was a tiny whitish
window no I think you had like the
second camera on in a preparation oh no
no they don't know yet they don't know
yet about any sort of preference well
there might be nothing there could be
nothing did you start I didn't know
there I want to go to options and I'm
really hoping there's controller support
hi everybody welcome welcome
it's dustforce whatever the fuck that is
we what fuck is this shit I was
expecting theif one you fucks jack has
not started playing thief one yet I'm
sorry
I'm very sorry uh-huh he doesn't want to
he's been busy I and I just don't want
to I think that's true I don't believe
that's true I'm not I do I mean I do
believe that you've been busy yeah but I
also believe that you don't really want
to here's here's my here's a problem of
mine yeah and this is not just about why
are you showing up in OBS now oh there
you go this is not just a problem for a
thief it's a problem for anything if
someone like pushes me and Des Moines
something yeah I understand they're not
expecting you to love it anyway well if
some pushes me into anything I just want
to be able to have a conversation with
you about it that's all this doesn't
have controller support rich
doesn't have controller support it does
not have controller support that's
interesting that's really upsetting hold
on let's let me just double check here
no that looks like uh that looks like a
controller are you using the analog
stick and not the d-pad oh my
this doesn't have controllers of hearts
I hate it when things don't have
controller support so to sweep just run
over so this is dust force Z to jump
this is such a controller game this is
such a controller game rich if someone
finds out that this does have controller
support how can this not have controller
support that's a great question that's
why I actually I restarted the game just
to make sure like it read the controller
wait some leaves use - by pressing
control this this this game needs a
controller yeah
I'm not I'm not inherently anti
controller some things I don't want to
use a controller some things they do
yeah this is something I would want to
use a controller on yeah
we're playing this game because it's
quite possible that that uh in a little
bit we're going to have some some guests
consequence possibly they're under no
obligation just to join us there are
under no obligation to join us but it's
quite possible and so we wanted to play
something that would you know be a
little mindless and this looked like
just we could use joy to ki but that
would take some time setting up they say
there is controller support okay hold on
let me just get through is there
something in the yeah I get through this
level here
because yeah this is a game where you'd
like to you would like to think there's
controller support also this is the
music that the deficit if a god damn it
I love you people but you say too many
things I can't read the message that
comes up for the thing we need to read
why isn't why can't I click on things is
your is this touchpad broke it's not
doing the things I'm clicking and it's
not doing things I can't get up to read
the message about how to get the
controller working because this is a
fucking touchpad and those are those are
satanic well your laptop's your mouse
isn't on the is it on the arrow I'm
clicking on the bar you should be able
to click on the bar let's chat he's just
ok well I did have it here one let's
double check the controller is the other
end plugged in yeah hold on maybe I just
didn't uh wait rich I got this wait
don't don't unplug it don't here we go
so we now we now that I restarted we
need to manually reassign all of them ok
ok so jump obviously a white huh I think
I know what any of this shit does - this
what do you have for - cuz I might play
trigger trigger for - red
taunt that's gonna be an unnecessary
button probably okay well well then
we'll resume and just see if this works
oh wow little floaty okay thank you for
everyone who helped us to figure that
thank you for figuring out the thing for
us yeah so basically what happened was
the first time we tried to play the
controller wasn't plugged in first yeah
and then the second time I didn't try to
rebind the keys okay but everything's
fine now
all is well everything's fine now
so this has everyone doing yeah welcome
welcome everybody to the stream tomorrow
finally came that's true that is true
yeah oh it's like a mouse where you have
to like press down here it's not good I
hate these stupid things check their
satanic they're absolutely satanic if
you would like I could take that back
home with me this is just an extra
laptop that we have that I wasn't using
at home
if that's what you would prefer we
didn't you say have to click on the very
bottom corner before so just getting
busted I died I just honestly have no
idea that is my honest and truthful
answer to you come come lordy AK says
check fighting over rings rich want be
the king but long live the chief for a
little ol thing little boys bang bang
long live the chief now watch pretty man
pretty mama
well I slang McCain I'm assuming that is
musical lyrics that is a I
you're probably referencing that that is
a song and it was very recently featured
in Marvel's Luke Cage and for anyone who
has been anyone who follows me on
Twitter you will know that I am
incredibly and supremely disappointed by
Marvel Netflix isn't Luke Cage okay
who's gonna ask you was goodness I guess
it's not it is not good what's what's
wrong with it so many things so many
things right where do you even see I was
on a bit of a Twitter thing what with my
and back and forth like it was one tweet
but then a bunch of back-and-forth with
people about why I think it sucks so bad
yeah
oh here's combat tutorial this is
probably will need those light and heavy
attack
pacing is a big problem nothing really
happens until you get to episode 11
wow yeah that's a while before things
happen every episode feels incredibly
slow
beyond that the action in it you know
it's it's a Power Man right Power Man is
unbreakable skin is super strong there's
possibly two action sequences in the
entire series okay and one of them is
him slowly walking down a hallway while
people shoot up it's every action scene
is incredibly dull that's no good for
your action movie so it's no daredevil
oh god it's no daredevil it's not-it's
no daredevil because it doesn't have the
action and it's no Jessica Jones cuz it
doesn't have the poignant social
commentary okay
you know after re-watching jessica jones
i fuckin love jessica jones
but it's terrible i so but yet you
watched it all huh and yet you watched
it all well you know it's okay I was you
know what I was liking daredevil season
2 and I didn't even finish watching it
you should watch I got distracted with
something else and then I just there I
have never been thinking about it you
should definitely
Hevy you should finish watching it's
great and I was I was getting into the
electric stuff and digging it mm-hmm
that is arguably arguably the weakest
stuff in daredevil season two's the octo
stuff I wasn't thinking that it's great
well the the end of it but here here's
one of the biggest problems with Luke
Cage is tone jumping they want to be a
serious show and they want people to be
funny in their serious show the whole
thing has the score as if it's directly
out of a 70s blacksploitation film yeah
it's a great score but it's not shot
acted or written like a 70s
blacksploitation film but it has the
soundtrack like one and so you're
constantly waiting for them to like be a
little cheesy and wait for the camera
but nobody is everyone's very serious
but they tell jokes uh-huh it's oh man
it's just all it's it's all terrible
it's all all terrible don't forget to
talk up that Amazon free twitch Prime
subscription that's true so you can buy
more eggs and minor league baseball caps
what the fuck are they talking about a
great thing a great and wonderful thing
happened I will I will stop talking
about Marvel Netflix is Luke Cage for
just a moment to tell anyone
as people might remember a while back
Amazon bought twitch and you know we
haven't really seen much from the Amazon
twitch partnership until recently
where it was announced at twitchcon that
anyone with Amazon Prime
gets twitch turbo which means you get an
ad-free experience and you get to
subscribe to one person a month oh you
get a free subscription okay and so if
you have Amazon Prime and you are not a
subscriber to us you can link your
account and subscribe to us for free as
part of your Amazon Prime account or any
well any tour ever or whomever you want
but you know obviously you know us would
be nice yeah so that's super nice and
really great if you are a an Amazon user
an Amazon Prime user and I like Amazon
Prime obviously you know get my free
shipping and place something with a plot
is this is this your first stream if so
welcome you know we're playing destiny
everybody's gotta have a first dream I
guess yep
future famous person says yes about 50
other people and I on reddit agreed that
a short review of the force awakens by
you as George Lucas would be amazing
just thought it was an idea worth
sharing and haven't we done the force
awakens to death at this point not
enough for some people I guess it's
never enough I I don't have strong
enough feelings to even write like a
fake George Lucas review myself really
I very much don't care that much about
the force awakens perfectly average
Adventure both film likable characters
not as not as fun as guardians of the
galaxy but then again the ending didn't
completely suck like guardians of the
galaxy
so Anonymous's have you been watching
the debates everyone is debating about
the winners but I think the real winner
is the Voyager probe which is currently
throttling away from Flat Earth 38,000
miles per hour that's precisely why I
haven't been watching the debates
Garrett has I just don't give a flying
fuck you know watch I want to Taylor
versus Donald mm-hmm and it's exactly
what everyone thought it was going to be
which is Donald lying a lot and a
Hillary being kind of robotic it's fine
the I didn't I don't know anything about
either the vice presidential candidate
so I didn't watch that yeah that was
only yesterday but uh like that I know
there was one point during the
presidential debate where you know
Donald was what was he talking about he
was talking about stop and frisk the the
controversial New York law where they
were just stopping random people and
frisking them to see if they had a leak
or contraband yep and it was it was
deemed unconstitutional because you know
they were stopping people and seeing if
I had any contraband without any cause
yeah perfectly yep unconstitutional but
Donald Trump was just like not ever it
worked great and like no there's a lot
of lawsuits a lot of people really upset
about that yet works great tip it's all
difficult I'm missing something you have
a double-jump right I think your first
job needs to be a good jump you're just
like running off the edge oh I need to
jump first and then - no your your first
jump is I think you need more speed for
your first jump I tried - jumping here
followed but it says try - jump wait am
I missing how to - jump hold on you just
did it this is done by jumping while
moving at - speed just press a - we've
Keith quickly followed by the jump key
there you go okay
look
so I'd I can't imagine that the the
debates have changed anyone's minds yeah
people know who they're voting for
already I am I'm fairly confident in
that
Joey Noah says yeah your stream always
starts justice I'm about to head outside
for a hike
sometimes when I'm lucky you're still
streaming when I get home
ha ha ha ha filet she ate my walking
stick
sorry about that jelly nihilist feel
great jack
I feel like I'm doing great game child
Kay says yeah Magnificent 7 is really
good highly recommended
not a big Chris Pratt fan but he was ok
Denzil he's okay Denzil and ethan hawke
are great
Vincent DiFonzo wait da da na fro
whatever you're not for know did deanna
for know yeah
Cupid okay I don't I can't I don't know
his fucking name I can't I can't I can't
read this I can barely speak normal I
can barely say like dog or house and I'm
supposed to say
Vincent Ian offer Oh Leo you know I I
can't do it he did good and wasn't
providing bad horror exposition Vincent
D Oreos Vincent the Oreos
I'm just gonna call him Vincent D Oreos
from now on it Vincent D funds or Oreo
Thor that's right thordan adventures of
babysitting Edgar and men in black I
know who is for people who don't know he
was in criminal intent law and order
criminal intent for a while great in
that and of course the kingpin hey look
dildo Calrissian just subscribed with
twitch prime hey welcome welcome dildo
thank you for a theater your free
subscription on us telling on says rich
and Jack finally got around to watching
space cop yeah I must say space cop is a
fine role model after Zack Snyder's
Superman also that was a great pálinka
review well worth the wait thank you
glad you enjoyed it
I personally had very little to do with
huh said send Mike a nice thank-you
email
and this you think just hold up around
did did you watch they played good
review a little bit of it yeah I don't
know if I watched the whole thing of it
to be honest with you I'll get around to
it it was a you know why I'm you know
why I didn't watch it huh because I
don't necessarily like I only watched
like the first half-hour and it was all
about like rebuttal who had rebut 'add
the original plinker of you and I was
like we talked about things he thought
were more interesting I think the
divorce away right and it's like oh I
don't like the whole ring theory that's
going around he had stuff to say about
me I know if I got to the ring Theory
part like just the first half it seemed
like he was all he was doing was
rebutting people who had made arguments
against the argument he had already made
he debunks ring theory which is a recent
thing that's going out saying that the
prequels are secretly brilliant oh well
obviously that's wrong because it's like
poetry and they ride home so there's
secretly brilliant well obviously I
think that's wrong but you know what I
it didn't hold my interest enough in the
first half-hour okay but I'm sure I'll
watch it eventually but I it didn't seem
to me like I said I didn't I didn't care
about him rebutting other people's
theories because that's what the first
ones were for
this death only child says hey Jack
hi I just watched your PC building
stream on YouTube okay and I would like
to congratulate your wife by choosing a
case that small you are clearly not
trying to compensate for anything good
job Hey spaghetti oh the cardia meister
just subscribed with twitch prime hey
it's a thing that's a thing it's a thing
we know what the prime users are yeah
well you know it's very nice and you
know like I said it's giving it's giving
another people another option can you
grab onto the ceiling yeah for only
first short Wow okay that AV Club
headline was hilarious like it knows how
to get under people's skin I don't
remember what that was what was never
mind is I need to rewatch the review I
saw like a rough cut of it a while ago
what a month ago
oh I did Co the AV Club did have an
article oh maybe they're referring to
that I know there's some like fake
articles in the play good review
referring to one of those no the AV Club
had an article and it did have a bit of
a skating headline yes which was read
mr. blanket weighs in on Star Wars The
Force awakens ten months after everyone
else has already made up their mind yeah
and I didn't read the article just
because I hadn't seen it that was one of
the criticisms against the original
Phantom Menace review was like it's tool
it's meant to lug kids now you be still
criticized something even though it's
been out a while oh absolutely I don't
think it was I thought it was a nice and
sassy head yeah yeah nice and sassy
headline no as long as he had new stuff
to say about it it doesn't yeah let him
make whatever review he wants whenever
tonight
obviously the hollow yeah the only thing
that's bothersome to me about this game
so far is this music is the music that
they used in the Double Fine adventure
documentary ok the exact same music well
who used to first and where's it from
and you can always just hit mute put on
a fucking album I don't give a shit oh
no no it's it's not bad music it's just
like I associate this with the
documentary yeah and so it's just it's
just it's a bit of a mind Bend
well I'm sorry yeah it's the worst thing
that's ever happened amazing is it's the
worst thing that's ever happened to me
but you know I guess they don't you
think about it and say yeah I've had a
pretty good life if just reused music is
the worst thing that ever happened to me
I'm pretty happy with this huh
are you freed a chipmunk or something I
think that's what I'm doing
oh I got a key so there's different
player characters yeah I'm the girl
because you know you're always the girls
I like being the girl I like being the
girl you can be this other girl you
could be old guy or you can be the young
guy but you know girl seems like the way
to the way to go
how about some nice and dark Souls what
about to play yeah yeah maybe I'll see
oh not for yet do you need to kill all
the things I think that's how you try
not doing to see if you need to in no
level they play differently or as a
cosmetic cosmetic is there a sweet
button or she automatically do that well
you had the thing
Gambhir child UK says one thing I will
say about rlm and force awakens is on
half in the bag episode when you three
were doing the paid review was hilarious
watch the film okay
that's what we were congressional it
contractually obligated to say lol hack
fraud yeah uh-huh but my opinion hasn't
changed since the the half of the bag
review yes yeah it's fine it's that it's
a Star Wars film it's more up Star Wars
from the prequels where it's not the
best it's fine I think Mike's opinions
softened a little bit has softened well
gotten bit worse I felt I know he loved
it at first
oh that way yeah I said well he hates it
yeah I mean I don't know oh oh I liked
it I liked it I know did get over a
million views is it
at last I looked it was a 800,000 uh
yeah it's it's over a million good so
that's good that's good
which genre is our least favorite to
play rich is least is realtime strategy
survival horror survival survival horror
walking simulator survival horror and
then you give the real time strategy
unless you can name something else that
I hate more than real time strategy I
don't know TC Brady one three three says
hey rake and jar i tipping from my first
payment from my first job
thanks for the hours of entertainment
dongle my spring roll
good so your your least favorite genre
Jack
anything that involves strategy I'm good
so definitely not ex-cop for favorite
game you know you know what I'm okay
with XCOM because you know X come as
there's enough shootie that I can do
uh-huh why don't you go down you're
supposed to slide down these hills when
I press down there's enough shooting
XCOM where I can get behind it but
anything that's like purely strategy and
I'm supposed to think like eight moves
ahead I just can't I can't even be
bothered
we got my brain does not function like
that you missed some Jack huh
it appears that levels done when you
free all the animals okay so anything
we're thinking yeah anything with
thinking in it I don't like I I am
really good at quick decision-making and
reflex anything that's like fire watch
huh like fire one fire watch all about
quick decision and reflex anything we're
it's it's like you need to think eight
moves in front of your enemy chess that
can't do it you know I'm not wired that
way I'm Chad you don't want to know what
I thought of last of us you just don't
want to know no you say you want to know
but then you don't want to know if you
know you'll bitch by ceaselessly right
ceaselessly cow that says hey rich great
Lucas in the soft reboot of Lincoln
hating on the prequels and corporate
star war exploitation if Disney can
shovel out the same recycled shit every
year then why shouldn't mike ah what
Mike was talking about specifically the
ring theory which is something he did
not talk about in the other play good
reviews
I was glad you enjoyed it
oh well I need to change some things up
okay games and things up because we have
a very special guest
oh hello have to get them if you get
that microphone close to your face just
turn it bring it right into my head I
don't give a fuck it's who is that and
it's Josh that get that camera setup
experience with microphones so that a
little bit like George Lucas or a little
bit of experience with microphone a man
to set the microphone up so people could
talk till I figured out we could do
sound and post when I stopped using
microphone because those rules we just
add it in later the microphone Justin
posts like the audio later yeah and then
the microphone with authenticity every
now and then you see a microphone in
their shop at CGI I had them preview I
had them put a microphone into Star Wars
over on the same time I added the rocks
and the blinking you walk running into
the I added more children there's
actually running into everyone that
watched the door and now bumps their
head that was my true vision in the
first place it was yeah I decided that I
decided that 35 years after the fact
that my vision was that all of the
stormtroopers would walk through the
door bump their head
oh I mean that's bold oh there you are
oh well almost hold on we almost got you
they've only been doing face camp for a
year if I'm not mistake yeah usually you
know we we have it set up before we go
though we didn't know if we're gonna
have a guest or not and you know I
fucking deal with it
I know it's it's a little weird we could
turn off you don't want to be let's roll
with it and see what happens and then we
need to go to our camera hear me scratch
my nose my energy yeah that's it will it
will it's great hi everybody hi Tom it's
gonna you know what so it's gonna be a
little weird tonight we need to we need
to think about no that's perfect right
there
yeah how's that that's even better like
we'll do right there even better there
we go keep it going no like right I will
fix this don't you worry vaguely
professional Jack configure the video
well we're fuckin up anonymous says oh I
hope Mike replaced your diabetes
medicine he didn't he did not oh he
didn't zero says thanks for the laughs
from for one for though I don't know
what does for one for that's the local
area code oh yeah that makes sense
we use a freezes of phone to dial
numbers anymore
I think a lot of much more important
yeah yeah mine isn't for one for well
that's it also doesn't matter what they
are anymore
yes yeah area codes still matter I mean
not not the way they used to because
what they used to be was the largest
populated areas have the shortest area
codes
oh yeah that's why you need new york is
two one two always used to have to be a
one or a zero
okay okay obviously too many people with
now yeah so that's not the case anymore
but that was that did the whole true for
a long time that's the end of that story
remember it was a time when all of
Chicago used to be was at three one two
three one two yeah chaos when they
change that yes so many people had
tattoos sure sure well suddenly that
suddenly at some point when they did
that like someone you you would call
frequently suddenly they were a long
distance call they lived
yeah they live yeah a few miles away
it's a different world here we go
doesn't work okay yeah I do feel like
I'm feeding the answers to somebody
off-screen and you guys you know they
want to switched and that's a good call
yeah just the way we are hold on we're
gonna switch us but I just wanted to get
our so they'd be like the proper size
relative to one another here we go so
now we're just a little more cropping
and we'll be good to go yeah
greetings from self-learning South
Florida before hurricane Matthew washes
us all into the sea I'm glad I can spend
my last hours on earth watching a
previously recorded stream and with Josh
no less great job sorry graphic military
about being what washed into the sea
yeah we this others lined up perfectly
yeah perfect dish oh my god like that
that's I like that took a little bit of
work and now we're letterbox nice so
we're letterboxed within another box
with a game that's also a letterbox but
you know it's gonna it's gonna be fine
alright it's gonna be fine I think this
is how we do it Josh hello welcome to a
stream oh yeah it was there were not
cameras there were not cameras before
real long we have camera yeah that's
right
we've kamerad ourselves now
yeah singham mic is low low hello hello
hello
Tic Tac Toe yeah Oh need to get turned
up there is and why is here is it
working now it's working okay now you -
ah okay
I was just tapping on the thing okay
Josh now you should be approximately our
same volume great great thank you
hi everybody no it's too kind I'm sorry
I'll try I was projecting a little much
probably okay how are we doing that's
that seems like we should be but maybe
move it like an inch further away
further away very well right there no I
have room for my trick oh it's okay
let's say I just look getting my first
gander at the game yeah I'm a sweepy
okay I'm a sweepy person you didn't know
it was a sweep up all the muck oh okay
that's fun and that's the game I guess
didn't go with the naked puzzle time I
really wanted to come with me a puzzle
time if we get bored of this we might go
okay god I can't get up I've rain I
forgot how to play mostly if anyone has
seen the trailer for the game hey D H a
y de e you play as a very curvy and
well-endowed robot like mm-hmm have
reversed Merlo bot a reverse Maroma
robot and it's supposed to be like a
sexy puzzle solver where you look at
this okay
like come come up okay this is just
frustrating
oh my god you go to get it okay those
thing
and every angle that the sexy robot is
in shows off either it's bouncing
breasts or it's butt crack and then so
much breasts all up but in the Train you
could see the the pendulous breasts over
the word is bowing boy buying
have I feel like Charles Nelson Reilly
here
I said boring oh come on man does
anybody get matched game jokes anymore
no no no good tonight then I seem
original it's good or just strange and
confusing I'm fine with that too
mostly strange and confusing dedenne
dedenne dedenne dedenne today dead
except that dodo do dodo do do don't do
baby dododo dododo
hmm is that the Mitch game what's the
match game theme yeah are you enjoying
us do you want to okay we're gonna come
on by even weirder we just hey guys have
a microphone ready for you oh that's
gonna be weird pause father James
nothing at all
I do need phantom oh yeah okay talking
test test one two one two testing one
two
holy crap there's four of us here but
you only get to see three of us that's
fine with a camera for another hour
that's why I said it's fine to worry
about we people know what I look like
playing now you don't think do you want
to play the do you want to play hey D I
don't give you seem like you want to
don't careful I'll do it it would be
funny do it okay do it what is a t we're
gonna oh yeah make it puzzle get that's
Buber robot we're gonna switch it up get
out of here get out of here I thought
this was supposed to be whatever the
sexy game was and as a she's just
wearing overalls you know she's a
working girl and that's sexy that's sexy
this is self-employed
that's pretty some people have
chimney-sweep fantasies somebody does
she's gonna clean me out yeah Rob looks
dirty your mop yeah well that was a
broom but I mean get you're ruining my
fantasy you're ruining mine uh heidi is
trihard difficult i don't know what that
means we're gonna get we're gonna play
this weird-ass game with a sexy robot oh
yeah oh she's a robot too
a weird face she might be wearing like a
costume that doesn't have pants is she
is maybe she's in space that's what I'm
that's what I'm thinking I need coverage
for this not so much this yeah there's
gonna be a lot of butts sale like know
that there's a camera I can gesture we
have a fancy overlay oh I need to change
our overlay too because we're gonna be
playing a different game what is this
game called again guys got a
professional woman
we got like all professional gamer
challenger cases dr1 got zombie genocide
or achievement real mega buster helps a
lot now have full Mega Man kit almost
got 50 survivors but lost to on accident
fuck fuck Erin and Harold rich on his LP
LP Erin move your fucking ass and that
was a conversation that J and Josh be
glad to get in on I'm really sorry I
think that's a die elective nerd that I
don't speak does that mean anything to
anyone
some Dead Rising stuff okay we talked
about Josh as the as the music person
okay how do you feel about Bon Iver
ah Bon Iver by the ending a Bobby Prince
Iver
Bonnie Prince Iver yeah do you feel I
don't really like the music I appreciate
that he's putting more eyes on a very
localized scene okay he's working with
some people I like a lot he's working
with the the dudes from collections of
colonies of bees I like cocoa bees yeah
exactly
mostly because I like calling him cocoa
bees he's exactly um I'm not a big fan
of his music in general I think that the
smell of marketing is really strong with
him where it's just I was depressed so I
went into a cabin and you know Claire
and it was froze and it's just like it's
it kind of indicative of how it is now
we're just like you can't just have good
music you have to have a story to tell
story behind sure sure and I feel like
he's
very much wrapped up in that but there
are definitely positives too like he's
definitely putting everything he's
getting back into the scene and into the
music and he's definitely raising
visibility of a lot of people they
weren't getting it so I don't
necessarily just look at those fucking
boobs she doesn't have a face right oh
yeah they can't see her boobs yet oh I'm
gonna fix that you this is ridiculous
Louie but yeah so generally speaking
while not a fan of his music in general
I appreciate some stuff that he's doing
okay I think that's fair I think he's
doing the right thing with what what
he's bringing it so there thanks for
asking gently I just you know I heard
this the song that they're playing on 88
9 which is our local independent music
channel that well right there's a music
channel that plays the commercially
viable independent music instead of the
conversion commercially viable pop music
right and so I heard that's a neat
little downer tune and yeah I I don't
listen to music a lot so I was I was
wondering if I should get the album I've
never gotten any album of his I've only
heard his up in the woods song oh right
Kanye's sample yeah that's a weird song
yeah this it's just him saying the same
line over and over again but adding more
layers of vocoder mmm every time he
sings through it in like a round and it
gets very strange it's it's a very
interesting song I'm sure he seems like
he's going a little more experimental
okay from what little I've heard of the
new stuff which is not that much because
it's just it's just coming out now I
think the record maybe just came out
this week or last week
pretty recently and I don't listen to 88
nine very much cuz you know we sure
there's not actual nudity in this before
we get like our channel back it did say
softcore I guess that doesn't mean
anything that's a difficult they joked
that a difficulty joke about the nudity
Oh see this is why we're playing this
game boy oh and then they're all just
hanging on the wall that's really you
guys this is ice this is a game why
don't you might get into some trouble
there what do you do in this game
aside from jiggle though that's what
we're here to find out okay hold on
where's my invert invert wipe true boy
oh my god yeah I did its way she's
running to the little dainty arms like
Jesus Christ yes almost like he's doing
the Mamie Van Doren wrists doing the
twist
don't go low that's freaky yeah I want
to go along well if you want I'm just
saying like a lot of Bisons weird a lot
about okay yes you delegate she's got
like an 80s lung but no you know that's
classic 80s one absolutely fun but yeah
absolute it has a bit and it's sticking
to it yep yeah they've also this totally
did not invert did you apply is there an
apply it's not in this menu no it's in
the game menu inverse why true
no it's still not inverted video try
inverting it again returning it it went
to false again is there a safe but I'll
apply ah there you go there we go okay
hey magic oh oh fuck this is terrifying
there's a bunch of dead ones over well
uh all of this oh come on we don't know
we don't need to see that job I think
we're gonna see it a lot I have a
feeling I think that's kind of the
purpose of the game I have a feeling
that that is the purpose of the game it
is it makes me very uncomfortable
they're not supposed to bounce like that
what's not moving that fast
the thing is I'm glad she's a robot
because otherwise she would be in so
much pain right also what would your
girl oh we're just gonna keep the camera
over here all right you can't
must've been a fun day hiring a stripper
to do the motion capture no I make a
game I'm making a game I need you to
bend over more I make a game if you
could hunch and run at the same time
punch and run just broke your ankles
look at those heels Jesus you guys were
asked the wrong questions for Josh and J
night mr. Bronski says hello sassy
gentlemen do any of you have favourite
Dark Souls bosses or enemies but Bart
counts if you wanted to also sorry if
this has been asked a million times
Jay and Josh what are your favorite Dark
Souls and are blood-borne bosses and
enemies is there one that looks like a
devil because if there is that's my
favorite there's no it's not there's
things in that that would be your face
yeah it'll be much more interesting than
a mere devil there's a jungle wolf
covered in blood
there's a girl is there is it like a
list do you get like a list I don't have
a loss on me you know but is that how it
comes up like when you're when you're
looking through this something you can
select from a list no characters in a
video game yeah that you select how do
you select them you don't fight or you
fight like a man yes they are the the
final and boss of the DLC is a is a
thing that comes out of a giant placenta
okay and that's my favorite and he uses
what appears to be like part of the womb
as his weapon that he swings around at
you and it's covered in slime and it's
pretty gross done that's my favorite
okay Josh the same I'm gonna go with
Mike Tyson under under appreciated enemy
in Dark Souls 3 yes oh wait there's
outfit settings we don't have any
unlocked
I brought King Hippo ooh do you like
King Hippo how I can get both yeah I
started a new game because I couldn't
figure out how to load after I died oh
no I just want to let you know that I'm
sure that's I just want to let you all
know that none of us is rich you
shouldn't chastise your fan base for
making repetitive jokes repetitive jokes
don't deserve your hate fact that they
exist at all is worth celebrating it's
almost like you were joking or something
I know me did that all right I know
people don't understand jokes dear they
just know to repeat the things yeah
every is it is their stance that
everything that exists is a blessing
you can't save in this game if you die
you have to start all I don't know
anything I don't understand the
criticism looking for ya dinosaur brains
ocodile-cray
that's those are the important any other
I knew it was it was a lizard of some
kind
don't don't about things you don't like
pure instance no not about things like I
saw a comment by that guy somewhat
recently oh yeah on that red letter
media channel yeah Wow so he's still
around he's still paying attention I
guess even after you horribly insulting
coming oh it's fine I can't run up in
there I can't even look at this it's
right up in there okay don't look rich
okay what is the name of this game
Haidee it's like the character
apparently it's like Hardee's but
different it's like it's like Hardee's
but different is true is there like a
how do you I don't think I think if you
die you have to go through all the
levels again that's a terrible idea
it seems to be a terrible idea because
like here I don't necessarily know how
to drop down yeah oh oh drop it like
it's hot that's why they made this game
know so many reasons difficult game to
make with one hand
there's gotta be a button you use to
grab a Ledge right there has to be
yeah that's obviously what they're
trying to teach you it's just not
working
well they just didn't teach me what
button it was they didn't I
there's no good you know maybe what I
should do is attempt to do that on an
earlier level like here we're oh there
you go we won't die that's a smart think
enjoy I'm a smart thinker mm-hmm you
just have to okay you I just have to
turn no but see like watch this
oh he's okay so I'm apparently I'm just
not trimming back off can you back up no
you can't back up I meant back off not
jack off like fall and turn hmm I guess
I could just read the controls oh my god
crouch Oh press B again to go down okay
all right
there we go wait but do you press it to
to stayed never mind stay on the ledge
yeah okay what you do stay there you
know yes and cephalo pathetic says J
Josh everyone are you excited for the 4k
restoration of phantasm oh yeah I just
purchased the digital version yesterday
I also watched phantasm ravager and it's
the worst thing ever the new one yeah
they're still making phantasm well they
have it the last one was in like 98 oh
okay yeah that was the fourth one and
that was essentially the last one
but they made a new one apparently they
started shooting it as like a web series
a couple years ago oh that's something
they expanded it to a feature and it
just looks like a cheap fan film and the
effects are terrible and there's no
story it's a sort of random shit
happening and then it kind of abruptly
ends it's really bad it's probably the
worst thing I've seen all year I'm sorry
that's too bad like I'm not like super
like yeah I've got to go see it
immediately oh my god I can't believe it
I don't think it's eat that they did it
yeah I think I seen something like JJ
Abrams would take the time to do that
yeah exactly
but yeah I'm not like I'm I'm fine
sticking with my my copy for now like
I'm gonna copy it looks fine right yeah
I purchased the digital version
yesterday but I haven't watched it so I
don't know how much better
yeah this is the question she wants to
mix mix a little bit of music in there
yeah yes and a goes up but maybe could
be you can't go up there you gotta go
around get a fence or something you
can't okay
can you go around that thing Hey look at
that and just right nothing right now
okay feel like it should be beside a
thing you can move or almost keycard oh
it's oh I was going with the electric
razor no no electric
I mean why put it up video games where
that looks like that's fair whereas I
play yeah video games right essentially
doe put your butt right on there say
what do you think that was oh you're
crazy beard beard carer you might think
razor
I might more than I would know I am drum
I'm reaching I don't see I shave once a
week or so via trimmer not a razor I
guess for you no I do actually kiss
pretty good for this area
oh yeah let's review guts and stuff I
mean that's a thing like I you know
there's a certain shape to the beard and
okay I've gotta clean up a you can't you
can't let it just become a mess no
because otherwise it goes up to here
right up to the top of the cheek and
that's not a pretty yeah I got that from
the reverse goes on here oh yeah my
whole neck would be here yeah this yeah
this also please yeah all the way down
into the Chester yeah yeah oh yeah I
used to work with a guy that there was
no separation between his beard and his
chest hair oh no it was just one long
thing so he would shave like he would
shave his you know neck area so but you
could see his chest hair sticking out at
the top of his shirt and there was just
like a straight yeah like what else
could he do other than shave isn't tired
nice I guess yeah oh yeah there was when
I used to when I was back with them back
and one at the old job there was
somebody that would come in that would
just have like poof some hair like
coming out of it well you you know
that's happening you see that you got
that you got take it back sure mommy
label says hey guys dropping by to say
rlm got a shout out the other day on the
Anthony Q Mia show aunt loves your stuff
also get to playing blue estate ASAP
Jack Rock on fellas blue estate that may
or may not happen
I am personally unfamiliar with Anthony
I'm saying his name will probably see
you maa I don't know Kimmy only my
assumption is like a radio thing could
be a radio thing could be a podcast
thing could be now I feel bad he's a fan
of that like Oh possibly
I know yeah although one of them one of
them from the no more Opie and Anthony
Cher okay yes I've heard the name I
don't nobody have them I've never
actually heard the show but I know that
it exists oh look is really good save I
know we got to make sure I'm in the a/v
Club where they said the dumbest thing
ever
yeah but they were really salty with us
but they you know mention the new review
new point get review and they're like
new planket review comes 10 months too
late and they're they're common at the
end of the the whole article was if
planket wants his reviews to be relevant
maybe he should release them closer to
when the movie comes out like the old
reviews the Star Wars are lazy they
really say that yep the Star Wars review
the prequel movies that came out 10
years after the movies it was I could
not believe it
here's the dumbest thing joke no there's
just someone didn't know what they were
talking about
that's great oh that's some stupidity
yep I love it
good good job ad Claude I can see you
really keeping up the keeping up
equality there and apparently any sort
of review or comment areas is only valid
if you do it like the week the movie
comes out I guess I guess that is the
world we live in now because movies
after a certain point they just don't
exist they just disappear you can't
watch them anymore
raizy any criticism of a culturally
significant movie is invalid what do we
get the movies come on
well cuz who's gonna watch it a week
after it comes out yeah that kind of
patience oh my god it's not like it's
gonna ever come out on DVD or blu-ray
right and then there's no way people are
gonna be talking about that movie in
like ten or two years when the next one
comes out possibly would be thinking
about completely forgot no no Star Wars
I've already forgotten and even if you
even if you could buy these movies to
watch in your home you watch them the
first time and then they just blow up I
would love to see us change them blowing
up after you watch them is that just
bling or you can watch it and then watch
it again if you want that'd be great you
have to have some really strict DRM yes
wait now I'm actually starting to get
serious I've got I got shrapnel from
from watching you know that that copy of
baby geniuses the NSA I know why I
decided to watch that I would say if
your DVD I had that hadn't exploded yet
I'm gonna say if you were watching baby
geniuses you deserve to get yeah less
cars let that one go you know we've made
like six or seven of those at this point
did they they keep going oh they're
still making them like even the death of
Bob Clark couldn't stop baby nothing can
stop baby geniuses oh God
apparently they're still making them I
actually own a copy why cuz Mike gave it
to me as a joke gift again
oh they're robots cool I don't have any
boats I mean I'm gonna run away Oh
clearly
beat him with the dead robot
picking up in smack um uh that's a good
idea
okay I'll just wait here
yeah you wait there okay yeah I'm out of
here probably need to kill it
anonymous says Jay have you seen night
gallery its scrolled up before I could
read it like the show you'll try we'll
find out in a second I would assume so
there
Oh God Oh jakka's laptop is ass it's
it's a laptop I had to lie at home I
understand and start you thinking we
have around at home because it's ass
it's just a little thing I brought here
because hey because it's it's a visual
representation of the laptop oh look
there it is boom bang it's paint it's
it's by Rod Serling's so this is Daniel
show but him sci-fi deals with whore in
the McCobb I think I I've probably seen
random episodes like when I was little
but I don't think it's I don't think
it's on like any sort of streaming
service or anything I'm sure I've seen
episodes but not in a long long time you
probably have to actually fire up your
antenna and turn into like me TV yeah
it's out there somewhere yeah I've never
actually seen never actually seen it
they didn't that's the thing like like
Twilight Zone got so prevalent in the
last decade or so because sci-fi would
run yeah whatever it was a holiday
they'd run like a 24-hour marathon New
Year's Eve they call it yeah yeah it's
great you say you say in the last
digging I've loved that show since I was
a small child no I lied zonas the shit
yes well I feel like it was it was
always on cable to when you're younger
more so than Night Gallery yeah Twilight
Zone was always on they they reran that
wasn't like the major networks but not
having cable they reran that shit unlike
some of the UHF channels when I was
young yeah yeah I feel like it was
always oh yeah yeah it seems like it was
always more difficult to to track down
than Twilight oh alright
oh the neck Gallery counter yeah yeah
yeah you can get like DVDs
well rod serling was actually less
involved with my case like yeah yeah
genius the end yeah is it genius writer
just host this fucking show yeah I need
monies lately I've been watching old
episodes of tales from the dark side
oh wow watch that there's there's like a
DVD set out of it as the quality is
terrible like they look like VHS rips
but I've been I've been making my way
through that I've been doing anthology
stuff this year from September to
October I like to watch lots of horror
things and I've been doing lots of
anthologies so I've been making my way
through those some are better than
others they don't have the the punch of
something like a Twilight Zone where
there's like a twist at the end they
just kind of ends yeah I guess that
episodes over that's a thing I'm hoping
they get better probably do it was
always so smart yeah like it's it's it's
the best writing that was around at the
time and you know obviously you've got
all sorts of actors that you you know
you don't get to you wouldn't have known
you know if like basically smaller
actors that became famous but it was
just kind of like I maybe it's part of
that culture of like 50s TV where it's
just like we have to fill it with
something and then somehow the smartest
stuff we get through yeah we got a 90
minute fucking play we're gonna show
like they didn't understand pandering to
the lowest common denominator they just
didn't unbeknown that yet yeah
plus I think back back then in the
earlier days of TV there were these
called the idiot box yeah long time
thing was watching TV a rocket brain
probably glad to have something a little
bit smarter on the TV I'd say you know
what you know what there's some value
that this medium yeah and then it came
all the way back around we're gonna
write your brain that's what you won Ron
doesn't you get
now that's what my boo boo honey boo
yeah but you also get your your Mad
Men's and your Breaking Bad oh yeah TV's
pretty great right now yeah there's good
stuff and there's bad stuff but it's no
no it was really good stuff yeah yeah it
seems like it's easier to uh I'm
thinking like like get the good TV like
the 50s to like the 80s yeah sure crap
like full house like look good stuff
always got but it took it was for you
know far further far between whereas now
it seems like there's just so much good
stuff to watch which is actually like
too much in certain situations yeah like
that's why so much Breaking Bad yeah
everyone says it's great and it's like
there's so much other stuff to get
through and it's it's like every episode
is an hour and there's like six seasons
of that chili yes that's a lot of
fucking it's it's yeah it's a commitment
like mad medicine Netflix is kind of
killing it Netflix is doing good stuff
yeah yeah although the Netflix also has
fuller house well they get all the bases
covered and yeah well it's the thing is
like they're like is there an audience
for this let's do it yeah and then
that's how they make the money to do the
more interesting things yeah that's so
subsidizing you know that's the same
reason the Criterion's put out
Armageddon right subsidizes you know 10
movies that they couldn't afford to do
otherwise yeah it's just all about like
with will our does this make us more
desirable as a network yeah yeah Adam
Sandler has fans has a dedicated fanbase
absolutely number tuckus more
desirable as a network for Shore down
what oh I just heard okay dr. Harry Lime
says which game reviews slash sites do
you pay heed to none really like most of
my news I get from you guys
oh that's okay I see now she's got the
the meter on the back of her head yeah
it's hard to see the back of her head
that works also Josh was on prereq a
year ago ring Theory confirmed Oh yuck
was it exactly a year ago am i saying
all the same things I did last time oh
my gosh oh that's cute noise no we can
be okay with this thing's it's one of
those fun little cultural detritus
things like how you still click on the
disk to save stuff even though there
hasn't or you still touch the telephone
button to make a call on do you
understand say Josh call it a record oh
yeah what no okay yeah I yeah whatever
you call the record
you called it a record okay god it's
like a vinyl is that what people do or
something
vinyl record vinyl is not a term the it
like you could use it as a plural but
it's kind of just like you know hey like
stacks of wax like if not wax
it's a record if any you know if you
refer to it as vinyls
you make you make me die a little bit
like it's records is that like something
people do like the kind of people that
want it sound like cool yeah different I
think so I got it on vinyl no see that's
that's okay yeah that specific freezing
yes okay just like I've been buying so
many vinyls like shut up
I've been buying so many records record
albums so I've been I've been buying so
many records on vinyl yeah don't you
find that that's just not fine vinyl is
something that cannot be plural yeah
vinyl essentially refers to the medium
in that situation okay so yeah you can
refer to it as vinyl collective but an
individual thing is not a vinyl it is a
record or an album I noticed in
rewatching the gate
Stephen Dorff at one point says it's a
record album does anyone say that ever
little tiny Stephen Dorff you might have
to be Canadian in the eighties again
it's a record I'll record album I
suppose you could you know you could say
that it's perfectly it's true I guess
but yeah no I I almost exclusively buy
records at this point just because if
I'm gonna purchase something physical I
just appreciate the aesthetic of Records
like I'm the guy that never quit buying
records yeah which was awesome because
you know 15 years after I bought that
you know first edition of the first tool
record I can sell that for a plane
tickets worth of money that's like I
don't need this I have a dumb cassette
of it please no take me to New York um
but I just I never gave up on vinyl and
it came back for me
so I'm perfectly happy why is it better
I know people say vinyl is it better is
it better
is it better that's up to everyone's own
decision what is your opinion I think
it's better okay
I think it's better
of the tactile relationship of it you
actually have to get up and put it on
and then when the sides ever you have to
get up flip it over the artwork is
almost that's an emotional argument I
get that I'm fine with that but okay the
artworks is almost really arguably
better because you've had a much larger
palette to work with okay you've got
more that's a big selling point for me
yes Mars gained a record yeah totally
like it looks gorgeous and it's it's
just aesthetically a nicer thing in
terms of the packaging you can do
interesting things with it you can have
different colors of the vinyl you can
have lot grooves so the music doesn't
stop and it just repeats you can do fun
things with that they're there they're
interesting things that people have
figured out also it is you know how they
really aren't putting optical drives in
a lot of things anymore just use the mp3
is the meal but you know how record
players from the fifties and sixties
still work okay so there's a mechanical
advantage okay
past that it's it's aesthetic where it's
just like there's a certain amount of
surface noise and different interaction
with the music that just comes from
putting a physical object on the you
know on the grooves you like that or you
don't or you don't care I like it
I've heard some people actually say that
the music quality itself is higher is
digital technically it's the information
as brakes that's it's it's that's where
it starts getting really sort of iffy
and I'm an individual persons because
yet essentially digital is you know
samples of an analog wave analog wave is
what you're getting from the vinyl but
it's so tiny the samples are so tiny
that you really can't tell okay you know
if you like you can't say oh that sounds
you know digital but there are
differences in the mastering and sort of
what you can do with digital that a lot
of people find harsh a lot of people
like the treble can be too harsh and be
like transients can be too too
overbearing it can be way too loud not
allowed in this war that's a real was
gonna ask you about the society we're
not the loudness war like the real - I
heard about that that was 100% real that
is
that is digital recordings being
basically pushed up in volume to a point
that they're just clipping and it's
Distortion yeah and you physically can't
do that with Final if you hear that was
vinyl that the needle jumps out of
groove like you can't do it and you can
it has to do they just explain what the
loudness thing is it's it's trying to
make your music sound louder louder than
everything else yeah and you can do that
by compressing the music which is taking
the the peaks I'm squishing them down
and then turning the whole signal back
up and you can do that in a number of
stages throughout the recording and if
you do it enough and if you do it too
much you get distortion and you're
losing the peach you losing the
difference right exactly you're losing
the dentin what they call this dynamic
range okay okay from the quiet to loud
as the dynamic range and ideally you
want as much of that as possible you can
go as loud as it'll go but you don't
want the whole thing to be loud all the
time okay okay and that's what you get a
lot of these days and that's a lot of
people find that 15 sure it'd be very
similar to some someone who works in
video you know a lot of people are video
people here if your image is blown out
you're gonna lose a lot of quality yes
too bright yeah you're gonna end up
losing a lot of quality and compensating
for the over brightness yeah to put it
in if your image is too dark you can
color correct it and get to look
brighter if your meat just starts out
too bright it's very hard to make it
look at it exactly exactly
if you if anybody the first thing wants
to read a really interesting book about
this
it's called perfecting sound forever and
it's basically the history of recorded
sound from Edison to now and covers a
lot of really cool ground and it's a
really good read and it's it's not full
of like jargon and technical like it's
it's well written in that you know you
know if you don't know much you can
still very much read it and enjoy it
Wow Oh son of a bitch out I'm out oh
you're almost dead
I see that gosh darn it
Jack is gonna die oh I think that's kind
of this games thing did I open a thing
with this before I think this game wants
you to die it doesn't want you to just
look at the butt well darn it
look at look at least I've gotten to
save points now which makes it slightly
more bearable and I have a gun well you
got good yeah where's your election
I have no bullets oh I thought you had
votes I thought I got bullets too but
apparently I didn't I don't know what I
got performs like that that pink box I
thought that was bullet yeah maybe that
was a help okay
yes I really thought that was keeping
that she's keeping that in some sort of
crevasse well it's it's Robocop if you
go like this she takes it out of her
thigh bitches please don't leave excuse
me but where are the white women at you
know what I just had the thought and I
stopped myself from saying it cuz I
realized why I shouldn't three second I
had the fine but it didn't stop you but
ya know saying well sure it's not
offensive or anything but for a brief
second I had the thought when are they
gonna remake Robocop oh and then I
realized I completely forgot about or
Total Recall when are they gonna remake
totally alright that's that's right for
a big it's nothing like the source story
oh yeah I get it where it's like you
have to press all these things in the
right order and ya around and it's
frustrating though because like the
controls for jumping are not the
tightest and so it's like it wants to be
a platformer but it's like once I get to
the other side of that there should
really be a safe point shit you get over
are you fucked jump over kind of I'm
just trying to see if I can jump back
crash on right there Wow boy oh it's
that kind of attention to detail that
makes this game brilliant yeah let me
see if I can if I can back it up here
that's the way I work what is that song
do you know which one I'm sorry I don't
know what's a real song I don't know
your then it goes much a way I'm working
as rails on Jeff inner inner chat
internet chat and yeah
the real Vance's he's gonna know now
this tip is for Josh being the first
person I'm prereq to say you clear
correctly it's about damn time
oh Claire oh Claire oh Claire alright
alright you think I say you player yeah
I say you care to service concentrate
you Claire I'm not even from Wisconsin
and I know how to say it on I'm not you
know what I'm not from you Claire Oh
you claim you like Trempealeau water
it's French for water for fucking like a
Pollock French for water you know right
yeah and no it is very water sounded
like Will Forte that Dean's got a little
bit like what they doing a character
what are they doing a character okay
I will talk to you later have a good
name right when I just have like Oh
instead of the ei you guys because it's
French motherfuckers fucking French what
happened fucking friends we got em let's
do fromage you know I'm talking about
we're pretty close to go - clear so we
do it in America it was little I have an
s in it fuckers - Claire they said big
ol like oh we know how come from big old
- Claire McDonald's monster trucks what
are you trying to do in this game I feel
like you're just kind of wandering yeah
walk around you doubt her ass what's
hard to get about this it's a simplest
thing in the fucking world does anyone
need a game like this though know that
it's a it exists to be a joke
really the camera is like centered on
the ass at all times I think I think
this might be one of those someone
really wanted this as a sexy time game
no this is a joke this is parody you
very up
I mean this is work this is we're taking
it so far it's funny it is funny but I
don't know if that was the intent I'm
almost sure that's the intent this this
Android has a very like specific body
type that makes me think that's not true
this Android has a specific body type
that makes me think it is you know
science was a joke and it's fine as a
funny joke it's not a full game I don't
think you could take that joke and make
it a full game we'll see but you buy it
you get the joke and then you forget
about the game and they made the money
and you chuckle I think cost you that
much
yeah they say how much does a game like
this cost literally just paid for it I
have no idea look they're counting on
that it was it was 15 maybe Oh God
really maybe 13 maybe 12 that's too much
for a joke all of these knows our
numbers that exist that's true no I'm
sure they've made it like play through
to a point that you can win well it's
not like I mean it's not like it's
simple to the point that you like you're
still trying to figure out how to get to
the next part from here right and it's
oh it's not the worst game ever but it's
it's just bad it's frustrating because
it exists to laugh at if this were
serious she wouldn't have stripper legs
she'd have robot what if this were this
were serious that's like you know that's
not sexy time no the way that this is
like a weird camels out
oh I get right out at a moose knuckle
oh geez that's what that voice is way in
a sorta oh it's a little Minnesota a
little me this morning
like I had I was with this lady the
other night and she had a moose knuckle
that could rival my wife's oh yeah as it
turns out I'm attracted to mooses but
yeah it's like the platforming isn't
great and I think that was the other
part of the game as they wanted to be
like it's a hard game people like hard
games but it's not their controls kind
of suck and I guess this game only
exists in your life because the game
only exists you can yeah over-the-top
thing we're doing sure it's so blatant
it's funny that's gonna be funny for
like the first minute yes and they made
their money at that point I guess Jack's
been playing it for a half an hour
yeah I mean well and that like I've
gotten to the point where I no longer
want to see that shot it just keeps
happening to see the other Irish but
it's like I need to in order to finish
the puzzle yeah but like under character
whatever get out of there undercarriage
yep hold on some paints gotta be cold
like I do want
I would love to unlock some extra
outfits cuz there are extra outfits are
there if you would go there even
skimpier outfit oh my god we don't have
access to any of Lovett's Haiti hands
Hey yeah go back okay I can only like if
there was DLC for like skimpier outfits
that would be horrible
but I wouldn't put it past him just get
that girl some flats why she have human
legs then that's a great question or
boobs because she's objectified because
we're the joke is that's where we're
going that far that's why she has no
face even
this is Anita sarkeesian's nightmare
we're doing everything we shouldn't be
doing yeah what you're doing it
we are ironically being super sexist too
many times little sass music for when
she's walking is that even a song they
just it's it's a real pop song and it
says it's it's like a girl and she goes
what's up way I worked it and then it's
like a bad saxophone sample should be
fun burlesque though just no one no one
knows from a pop song that's probably
like 15 years old probably you know I
don't think people know like the
stripper you know bad music is so and
obviously used to play it for fucking
PETMAN in high school that is for
someone to take the clothes off -
exactly but like do people do kids
nowadays understand what that is no it's
completely removed right that's I'll get
work okay where you come and so I'm
playing like a song that they would play
I'm singing a song that they were
playing the club you know oh the clue in
the club so you can watch watch the way
I work it someone is gonna find that
song that I'm talking about it's gonna
be great yeah so you could say something
to some some dude and that his girl will
dance all up on you yep I get it rich
Evans
Evelyn t' revelant AV e o int rich Evans
affluence hey Jevons awfully I won't
late day does always seen it he's
covered in it
although he's pockets scholarly general
thoughts on the mean streets to Raging
Bull De Niro 70s early 80s era genius
are overrated in anyway question mark
it's fine good actor terrible
interviewee in the seventies I don't
know about in the 70s I've seen him do
interviews where he's just yeah shy
let's fight
no I think we're we're talking about
like the particular era of like those
movies I mean what the fuck it's the 70s
you got to be you know you've got
Scorsese still doing all of the blow in
the world
everything's great J thoughts on 70s 80s
are Robert De Niro he's the best okay De
Niro was the best at the point we're all
still watch movies with him even though
I know they're gonna be terrible I did I
had never seen well I guess I'd seen him
do comedy and meet the parents yeah that
was like 15 years ago now um but I've
never seen any of the sequels or
anything this is like I want to see
Robert De Niro modern Robert De Niro do
comedy but unfortunately that movies not
a comedy Oh
I mean technically it is but it's
supposed to be yeah it's supposed to be
the one thing I would give that movie
credit for is that it is like
legitimately filthy okay not not in like
a like a hangover like oh we're being so
crazy but like it's there's some really
filthy stuff in that movie as far as
dialogue goes that's about I'll give it
credit for all right the rest of is just
embarrassing
how old is De Niro at this point he's in
his 70s yeah like Dustin Hoffman's gonna
die any minute now no I think he's
younger than venire oh yeah he just got
start early like Judy Road
started late yeah he was he had been in
theater for a while and he was in those
early DePalma movies and he was already
like older than when
yeah well you just fall over fuck just
happened but yeah he was like De Niro
was already like a good decent amount
older than Hoffman was I think you
wanted to play it you wanted I think we
got a fine amount of entertainment from
Haidee all right all right to justify me
playing it I'm not saying that it was a
like I'm not saying it's an all-night
kind of game
because obviously I'm done with it you
figure out what you want to do next Jack
figure it out you figure that shit out
here let's see if we can there we go
that's all you get yeah that's all you
get they had the name of the thing they
wanted me to tell you I forgot what it
was
Tom Jack it's called blah blah blah I
like the way she talks is that beefcake
okay beefcake now this is gonna get us
flagged that's code for copyright but
hold on that's that right yeah keep
going
no nose not it that's not they don't
play that radio come on this is this is
a familiar song right like this is I
don't know if this is a real song that's
the other thing is it could just be in
my head
somebody's saying it's no diggity and
that's not it hey come on it's
definitely not know didn't really get it
together
everyone knows what no diggity is right
yeah see worth it by fifth harmony
somebody's Sentra though that was
there's no like they just said it's
worth it by fifth harmony oh yeah thank
you
horrible line interpretational I've
heard the song like what's on the radio
that's like that's a pretty new song
actually yeah
v far we've only been around for so long
I don't know things any of you were
talking again there you go that's it
right there that's like a year old
that song I've never heard this before
in my life of course you haven't
I've never heard that song it's on the
radio trust I think it's Hargett
commercial and that's where I heard it
that's the song no yeah yeah I just
looked up a touchscreen too it is
because you assumed it was an older
laptop years old and you can I don't
know why you would want to do it like
this but you oh god I broke it okay
that's it the end oh it's nice talking
to you everybody okay okay okay everyone
look at Haiti I'm gonna find she's
chilling we're out of water at the
studio so I've had to drink a beer
searing out of water it doesn't come out
of the tip does not come out of the tab
what did you guys there was no water in
the refrigerator so I had to take a beer
you do that old handsaw says J yes
thanks for tweeting the lay Mattos music
video for no tomorrow Oh Evan has anyone
seen that that's so adorable it's uh
it's a shorts music videos slash prequel
to turbo kit and it's all about Apple it
is the cutest thing I'm trying to feed a
corpse spaghetti is like the most
adorable thing ever
have you watched this rich no it's so
great it's wonderful it's just like yeah
it's it's the easiest thing I'm just
like extending the spirit of turbo kid
for another four minutes yeah cuz you
know she's a friendship robot yeah so
it's about the person she was with
before she met up with turbo kid um but
he dies at the beginning of the short ya
know she's just like hanging out with
this corpse yeah it's it's really it's
really great it's great yeah that's so
truck by the way just having like that
soundtrack separate from the movie
entirely is still just so fucking good
yeah the music is really really well
love that dress
they go on to say what are your thoughts
about a turbo kids sequel being
announced oh yeah I guess they you know
it's that don't really yeah um I mean
I'm open to it as long as it has those
characters back but I think they killed
the some of them yeah they can still
come back okay they'll come back need
Apple you can't yeah yeah that movie
would not be what it was if it wasn't
for Astra she makes that movie you have
a different model different robot that's
a model exactly yeah having watched or
know what turbo kit is just being like
Apple Apple there's someone named watch
turbo kit it's worth it it's really
wonderful I mean I'm certainly open to
sequel but I wonder how much more you
can do with that yeah yeah it's style
and that that joke yeah bikes right if
they take it in a weird different
directions that would be great story
yeah yeah we'll see I mean those
characters certainly don't have to end
there
yeah and once yeah it's it's basically
taking all of the established stuff from
the first movie as a given mm-hmm and
then you go somewhere else
I can see that working I mean it's gonna
be you it's the same people presumably
yeah well they have that music videos
the same people right right you know
yeah they did that so they could be
right
just go to something you know Allah this
is a terrible environment it's a million
no Gabriel right we have guests yep I'm
good I and I'm playing someone we're not
paying attention to the games much at
all exactly
they just talk that's why it's bad if
you don't know the game you're playing
they just talk all right you doing you
want

[Part II]
you're not gonna play anything that I
know anyway no it Haidee whatever
whatever you have whatever you have here
is more recent than a Nintendo 64 yeah
I'm not gonna know a game that's all we
need to fight hold your horses we're
gonna change up the game there is you
have somebody just playing something and
no well and I think yeah yeah whatever
that I paid much attention okay all
right that's sure sure so I could get in
the conversation but I don't need to
okay as there's already too much it's
all fine
it'll all fine everything's fine he
already talked about Luke Cage Jack I've
talked a little bit about I know you
were disappointed in everybody was
really disappointed and it's really bad
yeah yeah I've heard they've heard not
great things and you know everything
I've been hearing has been very good
that's what I was hearing - a lot of
positive it's it's it has horrible
pacing it's very very slow it doesn't
necessarily have a thesis or it's not
saying anything okay
the action scenes are boring it's not
saying anything it's a fucking superhero
show well here's what here's what I'm
comparing it to it's a Marvel Netflix
show so you can compare it to daredevil
and you can compare it to Jessica Jones
okay
daredevil has good action scenes Jessica
Jones says something and the page has
neither and Luke Cage has neither
superheroes you haven't seen Jessica
Jones okay I'm not saying that's bad
it's it's a weird complaint for TV show
that was based off of a blaxploitation
turn the origins of the character don't
necessarily matter it okay okay settle
down
actually that was my that was my biggest
complaints is the entire thing has this
score that sounds ripped directly from a
70s blacksploitation movie no really it
cool it it's a great score it's not shot
like a 70s blacksploitation movie the
dialogue isn't like the care
doors aren't like that huh it doesn't
fit in the world and so you keep on
waiting for it to be like a fun like
Black Dynamite or dolomite or like not a
comedy but you keep waiting for it to be
fun hmm okay and it's not really fun
okay say something or be fun or be
action okay you know that would be fun
that would be fun yeah actually would be
fun like daredevil has great action this
does not allocate it does not have good
action and I kept on waiting for it to
be like like you know Jessica Jones is
basically a giant allegory for someone
dealing with being raped threatened and
it's it's fantastic Jessica Jones is a
fantastic show and so I kept on waiting
for it to be about like the
militarization of police or how police
treat black people or anything like they
mentioned stuff about like black kids
you know being afraid of police officers
but there's also like policeman
characters and like they're just like
I've been working and held them for 28
years you know I don't care about black
people oh I guess that's all it doesn't
do it doesn't say anything and there's
not good action I watched a great
documentary about Pablo Escobar oh yeah
I was that talking I've been hearing
something going around about it I was on
a bleak show right nothing at the show
no oh oh so thanks one of those 30 for
30 ESPN documentaries oh yes he funded
the Colombian soccer team I did not that
was about that why would 31 30 they were
a very bad year they're a very good team
they didn't make the World Cup like 28
straight years and then suddenly they
got a huge influx of drug money that
they were laundering and the team became
super great awesome oh interesting that
sounds very cool that was that was the
same team that had the player that got
assassinated after he scored the own
goal and their lies
that's rough yes oh boy okay yeah hardly
they have this the two Escobar's because
the guy got shot was different guy named
Escobar okay no I feel a dynamite which
I loved and I don't think I've been I've
been watching movies actual like why do
you watch stranger things not yet I know
I gotta get to it I know I know it's
it's like I'm sure you've already been
bombarded with people telling you how
great it is and I'm gonna watch it it's
just it's reached that point where it
gets tiresome of hearing people talk
about this the same thing about where
it's just like you have some it's it's
it's it's a time yeah you know a time
commitment where I'm trying to watch
movies and I'm watching I'm trying to
keep up with wrestling which is starting
to get futile they have a paper waivered
pay-per-view every two weeks and say
split the rosters just like this is way
too much fucking way too much to keep up
with which is a bummer
um but between all that just yeah I
haven't like a series and I just haven't
really had time for it but and my
roommate keeps suggesting things yeah
like we watched we watch the
Ghostbusters we make this week also
could have been better
yeah technically yeah there were things
about it that I liked and there were a
lot of things about I didn't like what
did you like I thought the characters
were well done no really do you think
they could pedal Street with each other
not really yeah that's the wrong Kate
McKinnon it's like she's in another
planet I don't think they did anything
interesting with the characters once
they had them know they in but the the
characters are themselves well defined I
think I really enjoyed what's-his-name
the office assistant oh I thought yeah
yeah Chris Worth Chris I say it wrong
every time and I don't remember which
now I don't remember which is right
Hemsworth Hemsworth uh you were saying
Helms I know yes yeah yes Kate McKinnon
had some really
like by herself like that's the thing
though she's like an island in that
movie yeah she's like that that's the
biggest disciplinary between any of them
well doesn't chris hemsworth basically
turn it into a Saturday morning cartoon
the whole world falls apart that
character is so dumb
yeah well he is so broad turns it into
an SNL sketch yeah because I like also
he's like he he is playing it as if he
is on SNL and he had one day of
rehearsal for that role because that's
what it was like that one of the
funniest parts of that movie but I mean
IIIi appreciate the absurdity parts of
his character uh-huh
that's the stuff that I like is the
absurdity in general so it's just kind
of you know things like yeah does he
look better playing the saxophone or
listening to saxophone like that is just
stupid but in a really entertaining way
to me like the Kate McKinnon line where
she's talking to the the NSA dudes you
know they're saying you know how many
violations do just by operating how many
violations per day is like one was it -
it was one and the timing of that like
obviously did not do justice to it cuz
you guys I don't even remember what I
make of that I found very amusing um
yeah I mean there was a lot of other
terrible you know a lot of it was
terrible shit like all the cameos
although he'll Maurice he looks like he
wants to be anywhere oh yeah
almost all the Kami I like Lynn that
when well they're all distracting yeah
yeah yeah the best is annie potts
i thought the best was Sigourney Weaver
oh yeah
like their I wouldn't oh she talks with
Kate McKinnon oh yeah I guess which is
all the way at the end it's like in the
completely yeah in the credits which
line there yeah exactly exactly does
yeah save it till the very end until the
story's done the movies not about any
pots no she's not a very major character
but she gets a hero shot oh yeah they do
like a doll you know nurse yes that's
fair she was in second place all the
mail you know alive people like Harold
Remus couldn't help it in there anyway
um but yeah I mean I was way more
annoyed by Batman vs Superman Wow summer
yeah terrible somebody yell of that
movie
I'm so yeah you tweet about that nose
like I'm surprised you would even watch
well we did it as a hate watch
essentially oh really my guess is a see
with The Witcher like everybody in the
band went over to Chris's house and had
enough on projector and we were the
things we were yelling at so much it was
just like we should are you what is this
this game is called please don't touch
anything okay
I think I'm winning but we have but we
had that we had it projected and we were
yelling so much like we that movies the
biggest we shit we turned the subtitles
on thinking it would make more sense it
made less sense because we were reading
all the dialogue and just like what this
got even dumber now mm-hmm
made the main thing yeah almost nothing
in that movie makes any sense as far as
like dialogue or character motivations
no no my favorite thing was that when we
turned on the subtitles it would tell
you when everybody was grunting Bruce
grunts oh God Clark grunts oh there's
one more Bruce's like doing the the
workout routine oh yeah it's like the
rocky montage there's literally a sub
bill that says Bruce continues to grunt
movies getting way more sexual as we go
on which is not to say we had a bad time
but that movie was it's so Christ
so yeah comparing that to the other most
recent movie I've seen Ghostbusters
remake it's like Ghostbusters came off
pretty good like if you're gonna compare
those movies yes Ghostbusters is better
oh yeah yeah is I guess my that'll be
unofficial could you could you this mute
again it's very distracting music oh I
like it it's kind of that's it it's good
got like a little little bit of an
English thing happening you know I don't
know if the process is gonna continue on
its gonna change a little bit more
it's probably a loop but I figured this
would be a nice game to play while we're
all talking cuz it's called don't please
don't touch anything are you doing
winning so yeah is there any point in
the game where you have to touch
anything
so far no a little voice came on and
that guy said he was gonna take a break
and go the bathroom and please don't
touch anything and I didn't okay so I'm
gonna continue to not touch anything
while we while we talk about random
stuff you're not really following the
instruction though I am there's no
driver well that's a problem that's what
I'm probably not supposed to talk to all
a screwdriver reader but it says grab
please don't touch anything but that's
the name of the game well I've already
like a game first look your job I touch
the picture but apparently I can so you
can't straighten the picture can't touch
a picture yeah that's too bad
so I'm I won okay you're on the winning
you're still that's good that's good
that's what I figured that would just
give us more time okay I'll take that
there's an ending based on your actions
oh great how about you know what I get I
do some music talk sure I last stream I
was mentioning how I've never gotten
into jazz okay mostly because there's so
much jazz and where do you start sure
right and what's going I had my phone or
I do so thank you and so so someone
tweeted at me and they gave you the
right Jess they gave me they said here's
the simple jazz to start with okay tell
me it don't me and see what I got I'll
tell you what we got here and it's Miles
Davis yes kind of blue yes that is like
generally regarded as one one of if not
the finest jazz album of all time
okay great place to start great and you
know what I got it yeah well you know
they sent me a link to the YouTube of
all of it and I listened to it and then
about the record I was like this is this
is great
yeah and so you know listen to it's not
a long album
well he's various sure so is good I was
getting into it
and then it's like well shit where do I
go from here and so literally I googled
I like kind of blue what should I do
next I'm sure there and and there were
there's like a ton of discussion and
some of the most common advice I heard
was find who played on that album sure
and listen to their outlets but I made a
mistake
oh oh no what do I listen I I got a John
Coltrane album which Coltrane album a
Love Supreme
that's a difficult one that's a
difficult a brilliant record but it's
not a toad angling it's it's not kind of
blue no it's a it's a tough blues album
yeah angular yes and I wasn't ready for
it yeah yeah you'll get there yeah it's
it's it's it's jarring at time okay yeah
absolutely
like just like never know they're just
like an alarm clock go on no no I got
one terrible part of it other side of
the Moon oh and you're listening excited
the movement so they oh my
no but it's it's it's can be discordant
and yeah no I would for Coltrane if you
go with like my favorite things okay or
yeah my favorite things are probably
gonna be a good place to sort of blue
train okay is one this was also
recommended but I think I love supreme
came out first or oh I I had a logic
behind going with the Love Supreme
and I'm a that was a mistake yeah so if
you're getting trying to get into jazz
don't go to a Love Supreme
no we get there you're gonna love it
it's such anything I'm not gonna do
anything in the game okay great it's a
beautiful relative I know that's very
you a suggestion in the chat it's very
there's a lot of like you could dig very
far you can see the camera where's the
cam but what's the suggestion um put us
up here since the game yeah I have it so
perfect well where we are you're gonna
move us to the big screens but that's
the point
but that's locked in that's the game
we're playing
anyway you take that what am I gonna do
with it I don't know what anything I
don't know yeah there's a lot there's a
lot of Miles Davis records you wouldn't
necessarily go straight for first off
because they're very they're more
difficult and it is but like there's a
point where basically a Miles Davis got
into Jimi Hendrix and so everything got
really weird and funky really yeah I'm
not familiar yeah late 60s there's the
the point where that kind of started
with an album called bitches brew and
yeah it's it's it's this fusion like all
the way through the early 70s until he
finally had too many of the drugs but
there's like just amazing improv and
like it definitely kind of convicted me
with me as somebody that was into like
metal and because it's loud and it's
fast and it's just like there's a lot of
shit going on but again that's like
that's it's hard to consider that jazz
necessarily but at the same time there's
like John Zorn records that are you know
naked City where it's like yeah that's
jazz sure is a lot of speed metal in
that jazz what yeah that sounds like the
best jazz but that's but that's what
jazz is hard
well genres in general can be you know
our arbitrary immutable and you sure
yeah push jazz a lot of different ways I
mean the way I found Naked City was
through more like more extreme metal I
was just like this could be faster or
better more technical sure and like the
the rhythm section on on another the
drummer and the guitarist the drummer
the guitarist on my favorite Megadeth
album rust and peace are basically jazz
people that like to play metal so it's
very tight and you know very skilled
sure but it's also you know fucking
rocks so if you change i'll talk show we
might get more try
quick I mean but we're playing please
don't touch anything not quite there is
I like it when ya make the make those
stuff it oh that's perfect
yeah perfect yeah there you go it's not
perfect but it looks it'll wait when
Josh puts his arm down it looks perfect
okay good
except for the fact that his microphone
disappears do you know what notice that
microphone stands the black background
but yeah that's absolutely true there
the jazz is there's so much and it's
endless but much yeah it's hard to
figure out where to start but that's you
know I find it I find a comfort in that
to where it's just like yeah there's so
much I'll never run out that's fair this
was always something new to discover
that's fair oh I'm always just looking
for looking for new things which might
not be like new in terms of time no to
you to be new to you absolutely where do
you leave a fridge oh we're never gonna
read them all like way behind doing too
much actual talking yeah it's there yeah
Oh Jess I'm just anonymous wanted to
compliment review series well thank you
we just shot another one tonight it's a
fact 30 Helens agree oh that's other
kids in the hall references I wouldn't
hear about kids in the hall made me
think of Bonnie Python you hear about
teri Jo oh yeah so sad oh he has
dementia it's it's resulting in aphasia
so he can't speak really yeah which is I
mean Terry Jones is you know such a
magician with words mm-hmm
and it's so sad that they he just was on
he was accepting award with us with his
song I didn't watch that I heard about
it and I was
because he's just he's trying he's
starting to talk
yeah just nothing comes out that's it
that's really sad it's really sad but
not a good not a good way to go to
mention least not for your loved ones
yeah yeah but he's still you know with
his family and friends I mean Michael
Palin
I think tweeted something about visiting
him like this week oh yeah I read that
yeah so easily with the best you can
well it's a sad thing I mean that's it's
one of those things where it's just like
well that's that's time that's time
crossing in front of you is just
watching you're watching your heroes die
yeah it's gonna keep happening
if we're lucky you're lucky everyone you
know you get to watch them die I'm not
afraid to stare at the hold card to hold
the hard cold truth and just call it out
sure no you're right you're right
Doctor Doom it up says greetings from
Munich oh great
sorry anonymous I don't know what that
means uh Caucasian Gary I don't know
what that means
maybe I can't read Jack has been
drinking this is beer number two we've
had one sip of it Jesus is very low
tolerance tonight apparently apparently
I did I don't know if Jack and Josh will
ever do a review if we do it will be the
lowest viewed thing in red letter media
history okay here's what you do you take
you to and you talk about like a movie
that everyone wants to hear us talk
about and we'll see what wins out there
you go
you should talk about the Matrix sequels
haha Evil Dead 2 no they admit something
like The Matrix sequels or what's
another big one that everyone wants a
blanket review for this would be
something like that
yeah yeah yeah agreed agreed
thank your hands afresh for saying ass
agree Jurassic Park we did a commentary
track for Jurassic Park but Jack and
Josh didn't do a commentary track oh
that's true double down and then we
could put in a little people would hate
Josh and I talking about it so much that
they were click on the chat Assange
ishtar there you go Jack and Josh talked
about his start here's the thing people
keep since we did that ishtar joke
people keep mentioning that we should do
Ishtar it star is not from what I
understand I haven't seen it from what I
understand it's not a terrible movie
it's a notorious flop and riot it costs
a shitload to make and it didn't make
any money but it's not like like a
notoriously terrible movie right there's
nothing interesting about Ishtar as a
movie it's just fun to make fun of it
agree tacking the clothes made money but
relative to its budget it is the worst
film ever made very profitable Ishtar
might not be that bad didn't make a
problem I didn't make any money
yeah sorry there needs to be a bad movie
that does a shit ton of money or a movie
that cost of shit ton of money that was
bad or a good movie then in other words
you're covering all of the beverages all
of the bases or elephant I am drunk is
apparently what's happening I'm movie I
don't feel like I'm drunk hey have you
seen yoga hosers no clerks review maybe
clerks review maybe yeah we don't want
to do with you
I'm a big fan of clerks I would love to
talk about clerks yoga hosers looks like
the worst thing ever
I dunno end it gamer child UK it goes on
to say I'm it's a passion project for
his daughter
that doesn't okay that's great make a
home movie don't like basically the
whole movie was made because of the one
scene of them in toss his daughter oh
yeah yeah and Johnny Depp's Johnny
Depp's daughter and he had so much fun
did you see that schmaltzy like behind
the scenes like interview with him no I
heard about it it's it's heartbreaking
it's heartwarming breaking we're
basically Kevin Smith said I a long time
ago I just gave up on making movies and
it shows and shows but then I was
directing this one scene with my
daughter and it was like I was making
movies back with my friends again and
that reinvigorated my loved for mega
movies it's like oh that's so sweet I
don't care I don't want to see tusks but
I want to see you that's really sweet
yeah what you should get together with
George Lucas and they can just make
movies for themselves there you go
that's the thing that's the thing about
go if he can do whatever he wants yeah
he gets that Kevin Smith has any
interest in salad unboxing video well
that's a good rich have you seen that
clickbait article with a picture view on
it no oh yeah it's so creepy and I don't
know if you can sue someone over yeah
well how do you even contact whoever
made it
what is this it's not even know how you
would find it's like a clickbait thing
and it says like this this 46 year old
man live no it's like 50 something this
50 year old man lives in his mom's
basement and you'll never guess why and
it's a picture of you from the the star
wars force awakens trailer reaction like
looking at where you are in like the
Star Wars shirt yeah this 50 year old
lives in his mom's basement you'll never
guess why Oh Internet sir of you I I've
seen this all over yeah people who see
if I can find it I'm sure somebody's
posting oh it was crazy I'm not sure you
can
I don't know how you would find out who
even made the ad
yeah what do you sue them for yeah yeah
yeah that's your image yeah let's
trademark your image is trademarks of
red letter media contracts have been
signed
assuming somebody's posted it to her
page I'm sure I'm sure
that's anything yet yeah here it is no
that's not that you can't click on it
yeah oh my god isn't that crazy
but it's like like we have like
discusses the comments on our website
yeah there'll be a couple ads above it
and so it's like one of those type of
it's like you click on it and it says
you to a site that you have to click on
five other things yeah but I don't
yeah I don't know it's so bizarre I'm
gonna guess I'm gonna guess whoever
wrote that as a fan and that was their
idea of a joke sure missus airily know
that video because they are a living
breathing meme machine
I have never I understand I've heard
people say this I have never run across
a rich Evans meme in the wild
no no no it's other people finding them
I'm posting yeah yeah but I've never
worked with myself I am gonna get be
they can't be that prevalent I have run
across them I've seen him yeah there's
the one of you sitting there in the
chair with the the superimposed in the
close-up of your face now and shows a
line I've never seen that outside of
somebody like licking look at they
posted no and you know just the other
day I was talking with some friends of
friends like people I kind of knew
uh-huh and they were bringing up we were
talking about internet stuff and they
brought up did you see that little kid
with the dick the birthday boy sure they
don't know what I do and I was like
that's my friend I see him three times a
week they were so you're everywhere
I have Fame but I don't have the money I
did it backwards yeah
goddamnit I'm sorry goddamn everything
sorry who's Mario Bava that sounds like
a deal making this stuff worth watching
I've only ever seen Bay of blood which
is worth watching mm-hmm but I haven't
seen any of his other movies didn't seem
flex on there anyway I know he's one of
those like I've been making our way
through the full Chi movies yeah
so maybe when I get done with that I'll
watch some sim Baba other than bad blood
I have seen him no I'm with you though I
haven't seen I think I've seen something
they did but it was a later one that
with hmm guys we're not we're not
pressing the button that's the whole
point of the game what happens if you do
press the button I think I guess
probably fun stuff honestly but that's
not the game is please does this like
reverse psychology though I don't know
we're gonna see how far we can take this
the the Jolly red candy like buttons
it's a big button like there's a like a
restart things there your racer button
we're not we're not touching in I just
want to let the chat know that we're not
touching anything because that's the
game but oh well we can't do a review a
day all October because it's already in
like five days into us I was thinking
about that actually that would be have
to be something you'd plan out way ahead
of time
oh god having like a like a quick little
horror movie review every day would be
fun
I know that's what the video game nerd
does but Oh when people think we're
ripping him off to only be suddenly
playing out for next year or they're all
ready to go ahead of time
yeah I have to plan it yeah it's not
like we have to you know wait we talked
over to shoot these things oh yeah
exactly
we added some of that one movie that's
on the coffee table in there oh is that
is that what's happening then in a
couple and a couple weeks possibly that
would be great can't give anything else
away that would be great
don'ts don't say a word yes I know very
little and I want to stay that way
I just noticed we ordered another copy
I'm assuming that was us and not a
coincidence we have multiple copies okay
you guys we can't tell you can't there's
a procedure it's so exciting I'm just
excited somebody sent us a copy of black
shampoo what's yeah oh man way to be
fast one year yeah it was trippy it's
it's supposed to be the the
blaxploitation version of the 70s film
shampoo starring a Warren Beatty Beatty
sure except it just gets really violent
uh had you people off the movie I was
talking about was not a no-brain film oh
no no no it's a new discovery words
we're obviously very excited about
neoprene but not as excited as this also
it's it's I'm so excited about which are
you more excited about we've yeah people
already know about Neal green yeah
nobody literally nobody knows at the
pass yeah it's not nuki we don't have
enough copies of no we need a couple
moves do we got more not more and we
really appreciate that we are so close
own close you guys we did them the
month-long experiment where we work
opening mail right and that turned out
to be a bad idea for a couple reasons
for one nice lady sent us a poster to
sign with money attached for her
daughter's birthday and now we're really
cut into the wire now because it's been
sitting in here for a month no no it's
not till November all right good good
whatever if her daughter's listening
then you just ruin the surprise I don't
say names again what daughter he
mentioned a month and then you also got
eight copies of nuki yeah in the mill
really great buddy yeah we do one or two
more we're really close now we are so
close that's so great shadow elite five
has a question for the bearded guy oh
yes not not rich or Jay the extremely
beard guy extremely very very shadow
really five would like to know how you
started getting involved with the red
letter media Oh a little backstory for
Josh Jay and I were friends I mean I'm
in the Grabowski along with everybody
else make up anything you want right now
yeah factory together yeah well the
thing is no I went on that year-long
Walkabout excursion where I just watered
the earth and then when I came back I
mean I couldn't really I had this like
weird face blindness thing or I couldn't
really recognize people right right but
then I ran into Jay just on the streets
and for some reason I just keyed in on
his face wasn't on the streets there
were somebody walked by the the LARP
session that's where you got the name
wizard right no Jay goes the Jay goes the
halfling for the first time was that
that was at that larvae and I was like
what's LARP and then Jack explained it
to you they wouldn't let you participate
I was really hoping that were just
calling him an ogre I think he would go
showed up every week that was just like
man they were there were swords and I
thought sword all of all my character
did was I thought I was the lazy orc
just went from there okay no you know
how cus yeah yeah I do make it in
friends and talking to people
the short answer for how how did any of
us start working with each other we just
known each other for a while yeah we had
a ditions for the role I held auditions
for friends and this is what you and
this is all
or people with similar interests and
sensibilities naturally kind of meet
people that is funny how that works yeah
I would know if I wouldn't have the
house more let's see here not counting
nuki have you said have you been sent to
many duplicate copies of any film like
like you say is there one you get you
guys get like oh the fucking time what's
theirs what was we're getting copies of
star crash for a while we have a couple
copies of star crash David Hasselhoff
yeah - Caroline Monroe yeah kind of
double doubles on a few things huh
yeah nothing nothing works like Oh
another copy of this one no more baths
oh yeah we have some oh yes that
actually fun fact we'll do a little
actual fun facts I'm ready for when I
went I had to take apart blood debts and
put it in a new case no more baths
because we had it's so we have like four
or five copies of something I don't even
know if it's a movie called no more
baths and we just wear for it like I
don't know I don't think it's famous I
don't think it's like a famous bad movie
but for some reason we ended up with
multiple cause somebody has to have
heard about it it's gotta be some kind
of straining why else would we have
gotten four it's just a weird
coincidence
good day which is it looks like
something that people think they said
I've never even heard of Rob's like I
don't even know where they would have is
it like a wheel thing I don't know if
it's our movie heroes we're not a
hundred percent sure yeah yeah it seems
more like a wheel thing to me but that's
just from the from the side of the table
yeah I don't know here's the real thing
when when rich resized the camera window
yeah you didn't click back into the game
so I don't think it's been counting this
whole time
oh no yes when ruined what hasn't been
counting the game hasn't been counting
our time but the music is still been
going does it doesn't
matter doesn't matter yes no someone
just mentioned dragons strike yeah we
have a lot of copies of something called
dragons strike yeah which i think is
like a VHS game
that's the wherever it is definitely a
wheel thing yeah yeah we have like five
copies of that well there you go okay
yeah that's there you go answer
Hamza Frosch would like to talk for
final sure
assuming we record albums record no
vinyl as I know record album yeah okay
okay specifically what type of player do
you have oh lash want oh God
in terms of want there's a whole lot
like the stealing and we're it's like if
someone's just getting into vinyl like
what do you need
I wouldn't like number one all those
Crossley don't go with the layers do not
those Honorable they sound like ass they
will ruin your records they scratch your
record on what yeah they're yeah they're
made with the cheapest stuff they're
like the most commercially available
like can't you get a bit like some
clothing store carries oh yeah so those
yeah you think the cheapest ones and you
don't want those Jay's over here we just
want to keep looking I have a what was a
fairly cheap audio technics direct drive
turntable not just uh I think I got it
fairly cheap and it was a good deal and
it's fine it's nothing special
I'd love to upgrade this something like
there's a there's a there's a
manufacturer called project from what
Pro - checked which is why they'll just
say project project okay but they make a
nice entry level like really nice
turntable they're not gonna call
themselves amateur jet it sister but the
thing is you can start you can start
playing like you're paying like
thousands and thousands and think like
like turntables that cost as much as a
real nice luxury car
yeah like the real reasons like there
are two reasons that I haven't really
stepped up my turntables yet I've got it
nice like in terms of everything else
the speakers are fine I've got a nice
70s Myron's receiver that sounds
fantastic
ah but number one my uncle
has his old turntable he's wanting to
give me and it's I don't remember the
brain but I remember it being very nice
I haven't seen it for like 15 years they
just waiting you're waiting for him to
finally pull the trigger yeah yeah and
number two I can spend all that money on
records different records so it's hard
for me to upgrade when what I have is
fine it's hard for me to feel like I
need to upgrade that when I could be
spending that money on new variety of
records because I'm just the kind of
person that is always searching for
variety a new thing that's very
practical yeah I stick to what I know
that's fine I avoid new experiences by
the way you know how we needed a record
player for the force awakens review yeah
I know you eventually found one it was
this mine I was looking and I was
looking at the thrift stores I was on my
list of stuff we needed and I couldn't
find one yeah said the thrift store
yesterday looking for just more VCRs
there's one there yeah a day after the
play good review goes up ever know when
their window yeah yeah but yeah yeah
projectors good one Riga is another
really good manufacturer that makes but
like like nice turntable that you can
actually afford hmm you know like in the
in like under 500 bucks
okay kind of range are we gonna be
saying like it's like $20,000 luxury
VCRs in a few years boutique VCR I know
always there every eight heads I know
there was a period where they said they
weren't gonna press anything on vinyl
anymore no that never happened it never
happened I thought it was a period where
they're like vinyls done no it went very
went very underground and smaller all
the major labels said we're not pressing
bomb yeah maybe people were so was there
ever a period where record players were
not being manufactured no okay because
now we're at a point where VCRs are not
being manufactured goods right so I'm
wondering if yeah eventually there will
be some sort of like collectors market
that makes it viable for somebody to
manufacture VCRs and they're really
expensive
they got a hand make all the fucking
this is why we're loading up on VCRs
right now you know we need them for work
no I mean nobody's nobody's come out
with it with a boutique laser this
player yet yeah that didn't have like
quite the impact the VCRs add but it had
the collector cachet I guess there
wasn't as much stuff released on their
Lotus though lasers well not compared to
VHS but there's a ton of stuff there
sure but I mean VHS there's so well
there's so much stuff but there's more
stuff on VHS than there is on DVD yeah
yeah and that's always gonna be the case
every new format there's less and less
stuff released on it yeah we got two
beta tapes in the mill oh really yeah I
only had a player at home but I haven't
tested it yet okay okay you know we
don't need one
well you know we do it is one what was
the movie that we only had on beta that
we wanted well at one point we only had
Megaforce bars and then we have
Megaforce on VHS and DVD yes is the
solution to find a beta player or just
to find a VHS or DVD copy of the if we
or we could do a beta episode that's
anything that's available in beta is
also available on VHS but that's the
stick like we just need a stick for an
episode I mean we wide said the run beta
we don't watch anything of VHS ever we
never destroy the movies that never
happens hard to find
well yeah did I tell you I I ruined the
thrift store Oh VHS economy oh we work
for them for the best of the worst you
know when I went up today oh yeah I went
to the thrift store I bought like a
shopping cart full of tapes okay there's
this gonna be a long way and I took them
back to City and I glue it around only
got me like like six inches high went
back like later that week I bought
another shopping cart I did it I had
another six inches or thermo then I went
to buy a more a week after that they had
doubled the price
twenty-five cents in tape 255th just
like well you just have to go to a
different place we're going to deal with
Half Price Books where it's just like
all the ones they don't want you can
just literally take the boys all of them
they still have the adjustment at first
books I didn't look last time at these
seven all the way in the back yeah they
had the back wall yeah I didn't go that
far last time they're in that area like
I'm extracted by the books they had some
really good books for me yeah we had the
Peter Ivers focus to biography and
heaven everything is fine which is about
Peter Ivers the guy that sang that song
time and his history and unsolved murder
and they had the five hundred plus page
Abba biography I am fucking psyched oh
sure psyched oh it's just yeah
and the mr. show episode guidebook which
is oh okay they have around sure I've
seen this question a couple times so
we'll just answer it for Ishmael do any
of you want to welcome to the basement
I've never heard of it no I'm sure
they're fine people unless it's like
snuff films or something which case
they're horrible people do similar
things see this is why we don't well I
try to act we do things we do yeah
influenced by other people don't want to
watch other yeah people who also watch
bad movies because that might be a bad
movie I have to walk exactly why I don't
watch Mystery Science Theater 3000 yeah
I see I had already watched all the real
science theater before we started the
show so I'm kind of fucked but like I
won't listen to an episode of how did
this get made if I think I should like
unless it something we've already done
or something we'll never do
yeah yeah they tend to do a lot of
larger it's a lot of bit of stuff yeah
that's why I get to listen to it a lot
of stuff we don't do but if it's
something like no and all that trying to
trying to come to it as fresh as
possible yes
although somebody I remember somebody
gave me guff about making the same joke
in space mutiny about how there's the
woman that gets shot and then she's on
the bridge in the next scene look yeah
they make that joke and Mystery Science
Theater because that's not even a joke
it's an observation it's hot was it yeah
that's the joke yeah well people get
weird when we do a movie that's been a
Mystery Science Theater as always those
comments that they did at firsts and
apparently they did it you're not
allowed to also do it sure hope you like
the very next shot yeah that's very nice
right right that's my point
come on no I don't have to press the
button now that's the whole game I am
winning the game and you're welcome it's
probably very fun but the cuttings
happen if you press the button no you
haven't made any more progress that's
the point though right but you clicked
back and there's still no more progress
nothing's happening the game it says
please don't touch anything I am winning
how do you know you're winning because
they want they want you that's what they
want you to think they want y'all I've
been playing this for so long that I
have to of course I have to press
something then you lose that's the game
so you say I don't know hurry that I
don't know the game I don't know how you
know you're winning Jay yes have you
listened to fan pharmacon I have no idea
what that is
so no if not it's dead death industrial
with harsh female vocals so that sounds
like something you would love I thought
was like a transformer the terms of the
like a attractor pharmacon arm akkad go
transform female vocals huh it's on the
same record label as John Carpenter No
but maker volumes about the eraser at
soundcheck reissue - oh I don't know
okay there's a bunch of stuff on that
label they like they go for a lot of
that weird like psyche psychedelic like
modern psychedelic stuff I think some of
the some of its good that I've heard so
it's not so good
like any record label they keep you know
some stuff you like some stuff you don't
like just because they're on the same
record label is not good yeah it's not
like it's fucking touch him go or
discord or something where it's just
like everything is at least worth a
listen right doesn't do that anymore
yeah I know they want me to press the
button or I know they want me not to
press the button and I'm doing a court
if you don't if you don't get a Czechs
doing a bit where we're technically
playing the game but it's an excuse that
Jack is using to just sit and talk with
his friends for your entertainment it's
also like half not a bit because I chose
this game see mostly a bit smelly
appealing to you your sensibilities -
there's only one thing that you
shouldn't do and you're you know you're
doing a good job by not doing exactly
really we're in a game we don't have to
play yeah you should you just put in an
uncharted but I'm chump hump but um jump
oh you're lucky that you're not Frank
because you'd have dr. Forrest are
trying to tell you to push the button
speaking of Mystery Science Theater 3000
when is the new Mystery Science Theater
coming out I don't know I know there I
think they're shooting it now maybe or
they're writing it hmm it's in the works
I want it's next year so everything else
is everything's next year yeah Twin
Peaks mr. Sam that's all that matters um
but I'm excited for it I like I like the
cast I like the idea it's a little weird
that they're having all these really
known people on it like cuz the charm of
the original show is how like cheap it
was yeah you know it's a bunch of
nobodies sudden I have like Patton
Oswalt's and like Felicia Day and all
these people is a little weird but the
thing is apart from Patton and Felicia
like
rest of the people on it are not that
known depending on how into like indie
comedy you are
I know Jonah ray I know Jonah ray I know
Baron Vaughn I can't remember the guy
that's doing crow but I've heard a
little bit of his stand-up and he's good
like Jonah ray at this point is probably
less known for indie comedy than he is
for being Nerdist right well that's kind
of the kind of the same thing I mean
those are in be comedians oh sure but I
think he's less known for his comedy oh
yeah yeah but yeah the difference
between between yeah being like known
for any company being known as intended
comedian comedians are just comedians
that haven't made it big no it's a
different thing okay
it's a different thing okay there are
it's what they used to call alternative
comedy yeah yeah and you can be a
comedian that hasn't made it there what
is the death of an indie comedian what
is the difference uh I need to know
Jerry Seinfeld versus louis c.k they're
both big though yeah Jerry Seinfeld vs.
Patton Oswalt man that's the only song
kind of like the same to me look I mean
they have different styles of comedy
okay I would say is has a more
straightforward stand-up style than most
alternate that's what I mean like they
have us like there's there's a fairly
similar style but there's a different
approach like louis c.k still fills the
fucking Riverside but he's selling his
stuff on his website for cheap and he's
not starring in a sitcom I think you
know I thought you're talking it's so
it'd be like I'm talking to some
publishing your own movie versus all
right that's what I mean Oh John wise
it's all comedy now yeah you can you can
you can delineate it however you want
seems like a fairly arbitrary
distinction like I would say that your
what my foot hit the lap oh oh I would
say that like a good crossover point
would be Brian Regan like he is a very
well-known comedian and he does I've
heard the name pretty well okay fine
whatever it is pretty like pretty normal
calm
but he's also really well respected by
all these although many people so he's
like an interesting sort of crossover
point it's like George Lucas was an
indie filmmaker pretty arbitrary
distinction made Whig budget Hollywood
film okay thx was an indie correctly
yeah well and he will in America here's
the important part
return job well we're not return Empire
Strikes Back was an independently funded
movie
yep that's that yes very important that
it's a movie he made outside of the
standard studio system and that's huge
but I don't think it's necessarily I
don't think there's a comparative comedy
thing well I think we see Kate who was
really famous but apparently Lewis who
stars in his own sitcom right it does
all and like his major Network support
but also does his own stuff it's it's
like Radiohead Radiohead is a giant band
who now sells their own stuff yeah
through their own network with AB system
but they were established beforehand yes
but that's also different because the
music industry collapsed what other
choice do we have
was doing pretty good but at least for
Empire that's an independent movie
strictly speaking out and well but it's
a it's also like one of those exception
that makes the rule the shirt yeah
what's the difference
other than other than level of financial
success what's the difference it's the
it's the approach I know I'm having a
hard time sort of sort of articulating
this releasing something the products
yourself or releasing it through a
company right yeah kind of but
stylistically no we're gonna tell you
most like a stylistic that's that's yeah
we're talk about the exact opposite of
them yeah
it seems like a stupid thing to even
have to make a distinction on well not
have to make a distinction but like like
for example with red letter media yeah
your movie is very like space cop is a
very different movie than
even a similarly budget loan low-budget
movie because you are you will release
your distributed studio wouldn't make a
movie like that boom alright alright oh
why that even if they did it's released
within the confines of the studio so
it's like you are an independent there
okay okay they have it's more about
these system in which it's released yeah
they're yeah I'm sure that was really
excited you say this topic is boring
next question of would oh that's my
tummy next question this football for me
to toss all of us talking about this
shit
Tony versus Ridley Scott go Ridley Tony
mates lock Ridley Scott made some good
Tony make Top Gun oh yeah yeah yeah
really Scott well he made tough and my
ear on the sink so Cerebus is just
asking for thoughts on Tony Scott films
versus be more famous stop okay
Tony Scott made like stupid goofy stuff
yeah he made that weird they really Oh
Domino yeah well they were brothers when
I was dead now but Tony has passed on
Tony the only pass jumped off a bridge
like brain cancer something like that
yeah yeah a few years ago okay not
recently well I mean like it didn't
happen like this morning that's why they
no no it was a couple years ago yeah
probably still pretty insensitive of me
friends or not no yeah no Tony Scott
didn't like Top Gun Beverly Hills Cop
two dads of thunder fuck yeah Thunder
fuck yeah Matt last Boy Scout I mean he
had the mellow yellow car in that one
yeah you know you made like acceptable
like action brainless action stuff
that's Robert Ridley Scott racing yeah
Ridley Scott does you know he did alien
he didn't Blade Runner which I'm
personally not a huge fan of but people
sure like it it's it's certainly a more
interesting movie than Top Gun
hey I'm sorry but it's true
what is your problem with beach
volleyball today that's the question
that's the question
come on it's not so much a problem with
eachother
a problem with val kilmer plane goes I
feel which one died goose okay I only
saw that movie once
oh man there's only a few years ago I
never saw it growing up for some somehow
I never saw it
well goose who's excited for a rival and
set up a record it's real good son sorry
I'm not I'm not mentioning your names
I'm just trying to get a little that's
the one with dancing queen on it I mean
fuck that that's the movie with
what's-her-face and Amy Adam Oh anyway I
don't know a thing about it
yeah I haven't seen the trailer for
Shane right the arrival 1996 1996 via
run they are not very a new one cause
it's called a rival and it's like a this
is a remake or a coincidence it's a coin
it's just another movie with that title
I've never I'm sorry it's it's been
playing in film festivals
yeah and it's supposed to be very good
and it's about aliens coming to Earth
and it's a serious movie it's like an
arthouse alien sci-fi what the fuck fuck
could you call it the arrival though not
be arrived knowing that this arrival I
recall with someone else because there's
slack out there call you know why you
called that because nobody remembers the
arrival of Charlie Sheen about the movie
I haven't seen the trailer it looks
interesting yeah like Amy yeah she's
fine I like aliens as a concept I mean
also movie okay great you're welcome hey
yeah great playing blue estate I know
we're playing please don't touch this
photo so we're not gonna play blue state
I'm very some parent Lee Jackson very
well I am winning I guess
there's still no more nothing else is
happening so we're doing great sure Josh
yeah this question is specifically
towards you okay
thoughts on Kurt Cobain and Courtney
Love it's kind of broad that's the
question what are your thoughts on my
thoughts on Kurt Cobain are generally
positive sure my thoughts are Courtney
Love are generally negative unless
you're talking about her performance in
the People vs Larry Flynt great job in
that yes did she have him whack ladies
meal ticket she wasn't gonna yeah yeah
no no he was fucking depressed you know
unless hypothetically he was talking
about divorce then she'd get half his
shit that's fine yeah she's a greedy
bitch she was all the shit no no if they
got justice to have all the shit if they
got divorced she they still have a kid
like she's still getting good for ya
know it no there's no fucking way it's
no fucking way what do you think about
what do you think about a hole I am doll
Park yeah obviously like I feel like
they could have been a better man than
they were I mean like the drummer was
fantastic they were they fucking things
just because Courtney Love married Kurt
Cobain
no no they existed no there's no they
are known because Courtney Love married
Kurt Cobain that's one of those things
we can't even really think you like who
knows so many fucking bands got big in
the 90s for a minute you know it's one
of those things it's possible to say
garbage garbage from medicine mostly
yeah everybody except the singer who was
Scottish yeah she's probably I'm
strictly speaking the garbage are from
various small towns in Wisconsin yeah
all right but butch vig is from Viroqua
Viroqua Viroqua Wisconsin but yeah that
yeah they were they were Madison do
dudes and Iran sparked studios where a
lot of Records got recorded including
Nirvana records see the right there
what if Courtney were planning to kill
Kurt Cobain Oh an amazing coincidence he
shot himself the morning of the day she
was going to have a dumb fuck ever dude
sense for Courtney to want to kill Kurt
like boy we will this suicidal heroin
addict kill himself
oh gosh it just happened come on come on
you know said he didn't have a gun why
is it oh he lied fucking liar well you
have one but then his friend gave him
one Dylan Carlson so when he wrote the
song he didn't have one so it wasn't a
lie at the time possible all right all
right
also you could have been lying to you
you wanted to tell a story there okay
nice by the way I would that song came
on the radio
what song come as you are which was the
second signal from never mind record
it's pretty low look I've never been
that fund ever smells like teen spirit I
think like even early on first time
first few times okay I think it's a very
interesting song so terrible there's a
lot going on there like basically like
Dave Grohl is doing like a breakbeat
essentially in the chorus which is very
interesting and it's a weird thing to be
in heavy indie rock it's interesting to
think that all the dudes that we're into
hair metal at that point totally love
Nirvana because it's just another loud
band not realizing that they spelled
their doom probably wouldn't make my
like top 10 songs they've done yeah it
smells like teen spirit yeah tell me
something in the way Polly anymore a lot
a better song like sapphire that they
wrote that one day but they perform
nicely not like in terms of studio
albums that kind of goes backwards for
me in terms of how often when I listen
to the euro is still my
my top one okay never mind behind that
and bleach and then I don't listen to
bleach very often yeah
but they put out when they did that
whatever like 20th anniversary I think
I've never mind whatever it was they put
in a box set and there is a CD of the
original mix of never mind like the
original rough mixes with before Andy
Wallace did the mixing and it's very
cool because it's it's still the same
obviously the same performances the
soundtracks but it's it feels like
people performing them as opposed to
like the gloss wrong turn yeah Bradley
so it's it's cool because it kind of
brings back a record that everybody's
really interested or everybody's used to
I was like you've hurt everybody's hurt
never mind over and over again for 20
fuckin years yeah and you get to hear
that record in it differently fun we can
talk about it you know people love this
Chatterley five I'm not going to press
the red button Josh yeah I noticed in an
old best of the worst you were wearing
an H would sure H equal a quid yes who
is your favorite character and are you
keeping up with the new updates oh I am
absolutely keeping up with the new
updates it's so much easier now that
he's doing it just once a week I think
that's also focusing his story skills
because they were a lot it like towards
the end before he took the break there
were a lot of times where this is an
online comic strip by the way never go
what's a call a quit okay about a bunch
of animals that that you know are
sentient and talk and things so like
Zootopia know rich knows it's kind of
hard to explain I know what Zuko it's
just like okay but how got my favorite
that's tough
somewhere between roasted beef who is
the smartest but most depressed cat and
Philippe who is a five year old daughter
that never grows up he's always the
child and he is easily surprised it
comes to web comics sluggy freelance
my familiar I can't explain it I can't
explain it quickly see that's that's the
problem fake wood it's gotten bad and
it's older years it was like pretty it
was like before it's sort of like the
late 90s I think it's been around
forever on a day okay it's one of those
it's kind of been evolving from simple
humor a day to longer and law or story
art and Pete Abrams guy who does it as
big problem right now is he cannot
finish the story
oh he cannot but there are some fun
times that's lucky okay fellas says
element 731 how has the reaction been to
the new planket Vidhan did anyone in the
public reaction surprised you make you
laugh keep up the great work
oh if I haven't seen the visit out to
you and watch this I know earlier I
watched like the first 20 minutes and I
didn't much care for the fact that he
was rebutting people's rebuttal just got
a little bored turn it off that's that's
yeah it seems to be sure it picks up no
that's well here's the thing is there
people that seem to think that it was
just going to be a force awakens review
yeah
and if error was called the force away
no it's not and that's what people say
like you should have called it the force
awakens review it's not called bad it's
the Star Wars awakens review because
it's about everything that happened with
stars so there's some people it's it's
sort of ironic actually because the
biggest complaint is that people want it
to be just like the other plinky reviews
sure which is of course the biggest
complaint about the force awakens it's
just like a new oh you can't really do
that because whatever problems the force
awakens might have it is nowhere near as
bad yeah exactly
it's an okay movie what's more
interesting is Star Wars as a whole and
everything that's happened in the last
few hours with Disney buying it and the
marketing and the the rise of the
prequels aren't that bad articles which
show that was the focus of it some
people just want force awakens worse
than prequels
because because it's kind of like a new
hope so you should just make fun of it
because yeah there's that there's that
argument that like everybody's nostalgic
for the Star Wars original and that's
why the prequels I'm
ever been that big of a Star Wars guy
look I watched him I liked him enough
like they don't they're they don't
they're not a touchstone for me okay
fucking hate the prequels they're so bad
yeah they're so bad right of course it's
just a movie you say fails yeah how is
this even a question whereas the force
awakens yeah I'm gonna watch it about as
much as I watch the originals which is
much no I was I was I was on a podcast I
got asked to be in a podcast we were
trying to think of like love topics I'm
just like yeah and so the guys were like
video game yeah we had a nice podcast I
mean I saw that it recently passed a
million views which is very nice
oh it's doing well that's good it'll
never be Titanic I'm gonna watch it I
just hope it's not Titanic it's not
gonna leave the Internet
it is it's it's gone well because I know
you guys can I borrow a copy do you have
it on a thumb drive we have another VHS
tape I yeah someone wants to know uh
wait did I miss the wrestling
conversation like NXT no we never had it
how Roman reigns is Vince McMahon's
chosen one and how Mauro Ranallo
is the best commentator ever also
character creation in WWE 2k16 please
okay haven't played the video again
probably won't ever mauro is definitely
the best announcer they've ever had he's
a guy that actually came from like not
just wrestling but boxing and things
like that and he makes really weird
references to old things that no one
gets anyway he doesn't give a shit and
people kind of call him I was like yeah
I've been reference to that fuck it
Roman reigns is in a really tough
position like I know they wanted to
point like like push him as the new
golden boy
he's not really good in that character
so they're trying to figure out what to
do with them
NXT is fantastic the old / current
golden John Cena Oh everybody fucking
knows John Cena because he's the face of
the company essentially and he's gonna
remain that way even though he's still
act like he's still wrestling but he's
like the guy that they send out you know
he's the press guy he's the guy that
shows up on The Today Show or Good
Morning America he's the guy that
fucking learned Mandarin when the
company was thinking of investing in
China doesn't everyone hate him not
really okay ironically nothing but love
about John Cena I mean he's great like
just you know Richard get it together
though about that much a man Randy said
hey hey all right
junkyard dog all right god bless I
mentioned more dead wrestlers come on
guys
yeah but the other I think the other
part of that question yeah there's no
writing writing writing writing paper
there's no more Macho Man Randy Savage
and Bobby the brain Heenan can't do it
anymore
no that's the point what's the point
still good storytelling there's lots of
good stuff going on all right lots of
good suck on NXT if you guys probably
know that NXT is kind of the
developmental I've heard about Italy
I've heard about minors yeah okay but
it's way more fun you get to see a lot
of new people coming up and it's always
like there's always good stuff going on
they're getting kind of the cream of the
crop from other indie promotions
okay they're finally getting their shot
also you like getting inner shot equals
getting paid like you get some people
that are just like I'm getting towards
the end of my career I need to make some
monies yeah let me just go over the WWE
finally you know cool which is fine and
they do some good work um but yeah annex
t is a lot of fun I was just watching
last week's episode the other day and
Oscar wanted like two minutes flat which
is kind of a bummer like she didn't get
much of a match but they don't have ask
a is the woman's joking right now she is
a powerhouse she hits people with her
butt like a hip attack but she literally
just runs across the fucking ring and
hits hits American you know her
competitor with is it like a flying
button or like it's a running
just slowly rub it on their face Haley
no no no it's definitely an attack
it's a bot of testing a blood attack
someone gifts oh well yeah like she
hasn't there's nobody around to really
match up with her and it's kind of a
bummer but they're trying to they're
building up the women's NXT roster
because a lot of those women got called
up to the to the man shows okay both of
which are okay but also have the
problems they do a lot of ladies
wrestling these days yeah okay
yeah big thing now the headline match on
Raw this week was Charlotte versus Sasha
I had me one fucking great I haven't
been around like 20 years so yeah does
anyone see a documentary about jake the
snake' yet I still think it's really
really good yeah it's really emotional
and good he is in appleton tonight oh
really do at a stand-up club telling
stories yeah got some buddies that are
there yeah there's some stories but my
opinion of wrestling is that behind the
scenes stories are usually more
entertaining than anything you actually
see on TV sure yeah I don't I don't
necessarily crop with that I gladly
watched like a wrestling documentary
yeah but I you know have I don't have
much interest in like washer like the
most interesting and emotional like
deputy programming I saw this last year
was the documentary about how Seth
Rollins got injured and his path back to
health okay okay and it's fantastic so
yeah I told I know eggs I know exactly
what you mean
but knowing Jack's throwing her bunch
yeah throwing her button of that person
all right and they bit like seriously
the fucking announcers both of them on
integrate you are really good by the way
they're not as good as Morrow with
graves and Tom are both really good and
they seriously try to call that like a
hip attack folder that is that is all of
wrestling is a weakened or not yeah yeah
but left so they used to finish straight
up to the brown
black and that's there you go so that's
probably enough wrestling I mean these
other keep the rest of you guys and
we're never gonna get them all it's fine
it's fine this jag has made from a
nominal progress that looks like you're
near the time are you there's a couple
that I'm scared we're not playing games
anymore because they're not wrestling
doesn't have much to say about that so I
just skipped it well I'll drop one more
wrestling oh my god if anybody out there
on the stream has not watched the final
deletion the final deletion you want to
see that shit it's amazing basically
it's the long boiling terminate terminus
of a rivalry between brothers it's shot
basically like a really bad short film
and it's wonderful why didn't you tell
me I was talking to you like that on the
way down to John Carpenter yeah it's
awesome and it's so ridiculous and
unlike anything else that's happening in
wrestling and it's really fun and I
highly recommend it I there's a sequel
now that I haven't had a chance to watch
yet but the original is just like what
it looks like something that could have
been on best of the worst wrestling so
something that could definitely that's
great yeah where can i oh do be sandwich
just want to say to Josh thanks for
sending my copy of space cop mm-hmm
recently had Freddie Williams sign it
too in hindsight I should have probably
asked for Jack's assignments Williams
got Brady Williams how much money send
it in with how much return postage does
return post no I
because I'm because I'm a nice person I
know you are but that was a not nice
thing we were just excluded from the
group is nothing like they just weren't
thinking about it yeah the signature is
terrible anyway literally just prints
the prints
I'm Jack yeah oh you could you could do
that it's a great signature I've ever
read one time Jack wasn't around I
forged to say so someone out there you
have yeah you have a signature like Jack
that is really a secret
second signature Evans thing where
George Harrison could accurately do all
the other Beatles signatures fucking I'm
printing I'm Jack have you signed
something I really thought it was a joke
early anima days the best of the worst
and it was like a copy of feeding frenzy
or something something I used to like
when people would ask me this like asked
us to sign CDs which my only thought was
somebody would be looking at it like a
decade later me like who the fuck would
wrote all over this thing
no like I couldn't yeah yeah I like I'd
have to like I'd sign it but like stay
in school have a good supper like I
can't fucking really a lot of people
wanted to be fun you want it to be fun
I'm just hoping you didn't like sign
like the you know the mortgage for your
house like that or anything no it works
really power returning you literally
might sell this house to a child I don't
know how to write in cursive anymore
I know nobody named so my signature is
JP squiggle yeah that's it sometimes I
don't even get the piano I don't even
have a yeah mine's JB squiggle yeah yeah
that's all I do I don't even get the
Jay really I crossed the age maybe I'll
dot the eye if you're lucky
gobbledygook yeah I print a nice
I I Hansel they know who's you other
less is rich other than Jack or just
half asses it and princes name is a
unique the most legible signature out of
everyone
yeah even look at the name all the names
and just like a bunch of fucking
squiggles but rich Evans yeah that is
signed by rich Evan all right okay I
know you two and I have no idea if that
was your signature never Mike's a chair
Mike who do I tell to sign this
I don't know somebody scribbled all over
at the end is destroyer I don't know
what shirt it was that I wore in the
most recent free wreck Oh Mike and Jalad
that shirt is brilliant I have the
comments on the video we're about to
show the Damned are mocking Joe yes
that's a great shirt it's on Etsy and
just go to Etsy and look up Darmok and
Jalad
it's a it's a Star Trek The Next
Generation episode I guess that part of
it but what does that actually mean in
context so that was the part that was
the point of the episode but nobody can
decipher their language alien they met
an alien race and their Universal
translators didn't work on their
language right because as it turns out
this is an alien race that speaks only
in metaphor sure
hmm and it took the whole episode for
Captain Picard to figure out that so he
could work together with the sailing
because he was stuck with this alien on
the planet hmm I'm saying like Darmok
and Jalad at Tanagra when the walls
filled with arms wide open or whatever
and Rikers up in the ship about to like
battle this other alien race that they
can't communicate with because both of
their captains are down on the planet
it's a great episode okay
and so I have a shirt that's Captain
Picard playing the guitar and it's
written like a like a fantasy that are
back in July to not grow yeah and I
think it's really funny you go to Etsy
but it was just it was just some near
gibberish that an alien okay so here's
my question then my follow-up question
is when people make references to that
what are they saying
Darmok and Jalad is on the alien planet
is when two warring factions came came
together to work to get
so what are they saying so that we want
to be friends what he was saying was
Darmok and Jalad at Tanagra we should
work together to get out of the
situation Oh which of course you'd only
understand if you like you didn't
understand their ancient story so you
didn't understand the reference all
right okay so that's when people mean
that shit that's what they do I learned
probably just referencing the episode
because it was a fun episode right but
it's happening it happened like one week
it was everywhere don't work Angela yeah
like you girl show me who's worked you
know yeah that's how it works
so yeah go to Etsy that's where I got it
I only ordered they they come in just
the front which is Picard playing a
guitar and it looks like a band bill or
it has a front end back and the back has
all the tour dates with the star dates I
only ordered a front one which is three
dollars cheaper but I guess it should
have had it should have had other cities
they were playing in there were other
worms that they were saying in that
episode yeah Josh yeah I noticed your
asuka shirt yeah the worst what Oscar
that's the lady with the butt attack oh
yeah well great sugars in her but that
shirt is fantastic some of the better
things that WV merch has actually come
up with a lot of times when they're
faced with Japanese person or any kind
of Asian wrestler yeah they just look up
some characters and put them on the
shirt and just like move it like maybe a
Rising Sun that shirt basically looks
like it could be an abstract Godzilla
poster alright and that's why I fucking
love that shirt that's why I bought it
great is that the question oh thanks
Lauren speaking of wrestling talk about
sin Suki not cool oh she's kanaka maole
shouldn't scare Nakamura who is
currently the NXT heavyweight champion
he's so fucking good he's such a charmer
he's basically like she's fantastic he's
got a lot of them we've been playing a
game non-stop
we're winning honestly like he's the
wrestling equivalent of Michael Jackson
plush Freddie Mercury mm-hmm
like that's kind of his style that's
great it's fucking great hmm
he's he's fantastic and there's a really
charming guy and really like surfing oh
he's really excited that he got to move
to Florida yeah okay and you know what
we've caught up it's 10:30
Oh fun why don't we do a thing where we
find all of our subscribers and then
thank all the subscribers because that's
what we usually do Jack we have to what
we you're gonna press the button before
we stop right yeah you got to press the
button before we you'll win we you've
won already I'll press the button okay
we can't but yeah I mean you're right
all right now they know what's gonna
happen what they know what's gonna
happen it's - it's now it's too
predictable
I'm excited if it's too predictable then
you have to press the button before you
stop well or you could touch something
else cuz obviously the joke would be
over precedent and I mean close
afterwards for you press it so now you
have to press it before you stop the
stream yeah sure I want to know I don't
care about anything else I want to know
hold on i dice kipped a couple tips
because we either couldn't answer the
question or other reasons so the
question is once we get done reading the
names are we actually going to hit the
button or are we gonna say we're going
to hit the button and then end the
stream holy fuck
he shot can't heal are you shocked
tonight at all these subscribers Oh -
thanks two things one way we have Josh -
yeah second we have the new lob oh my
god all of these twitch primes the prime
thing
oh how does that work cuz something it's
connected to Amazon Prime
so if you have Amazon Prime yeah now it
cuz Amazon bought which you get free
twitch Prime which entitles you to one a
free subscription Amaya
thank you much and so these love all
these lovely people subscribed to us
that's been to us as they're free
subscribe so it doesn't cost that many
extra money okay but you know it helps
us out yeah that's lovely
that's lovely um the camera is right
where the names are sure yeah yep how's
that that's great how about is is this
even a is this one subscriber as I'm so
sorry about this and then there's some
dashes number two subscribers - - - - -
no it doesn't say like monster just
subscribe it's got a weird message how
about super I know that's not the name
of that person at all space alien super
cocaine says lmao Fork my spork ice bone
badger 26 fucking months in a row Oh hot
sauce Johnson Maddie wheel they don't
want to race not really break code and I
was gonna say animal list prime but it's
animist prime who's subscribed with
twitch pride be a lot of that Oh does it
oh it tells you that okay true new 311
true no 311
the raging gas man
me no all right fine I'll say this one
okay too much new key that's never too
much new not possible not possible
Fred's do folks oh I said they're on one
that's okay that's why you said the
right one sorry
Samba rinse key orange wedgie or wedge
probably he's not wedging it is orange
wedge god damn it
all right so we're going to me this is
the order because this is so weird okay
the Trog man C Smith five five nine nine
dr. Vitt fell spin Palin nine nine nine
nine now the Josh 14:30 sean-o
double d RB infinity are Oboro murmurs
I'm sorry what infinity or Oh Boris that
makes way more sense
Hey Rhapsody carb mark fat jump Mario
fan the noble Eskimo self flapless
fourth grade sounds risky
elf arse 94 morning bus nerf man oh four
five one neon bit uh xx falling Jedi xx
like a fucking hardcore yeah
I'm balling but I don't like emotions
we're getting excited about things a
slinky but dad oh that's unfortunate he
should see a doctor
hell it took Jesus that makes sense at
some phone Hido
paper or non 1/7 ghost host 999 skylight
ways but one czar 42 future but a with
reverse reverse reverse reverse it go
get your protagonist dar she know I'm
track team Aharon the stunt lady what a
black art lady a black mark I don't -
when people could leave a little
comments oh they're just not doing maybe
maybe I'm nervous oh I guess these are
all Twitter's a lot of what rhymes great
Sandman Jack taco - I like taco fucks be
weak see Emma see open Emma see prove
didn't offense oh wait let you guys are
getting the tough ones the toxic hiber
space mr. Alex Reynolds cutter cater
eighty-six taste rim tiger GD j down 79
celery seven Arryn lord o king easy 15
Barbarossa five a three
oh it looks like alright
oh no what
zero future famous person reg 5 8 9 1
Denzel Washington
Richland City general Gore there's an
old fucking reference general Gore the
fancy bring giant robot 0 Sal wait Oh
fellow eight 8 nine 9 reflections Baron
badass one that's good to know which one
he is he's the first cinnamon Jesus nice
l-3 wh
nope l-3 wh cheese camera design shady
burrito Santos
sky lout bow God a mighty math guy furs
Yasu these are all their real names
that's words you are unrequited Wow
sorry sometimes you make words with
letters that was that was actual words
unrequited cipher Zeta ghost of a
unicorn with a cane so to see the
unicorn dr. Krieger
or is it Dre Krieger that could be Dre
Krieger or dr. Krieger there are many
options a double x Devastator the fame
the dude father caldera crusade gavel
draw the gavel trouble robots Autobots
assemble we have to defeat gavel rod who
transforms into a judges gavel your
this is the Autobots to Jack Energon q
Jordan you're in contempt of my fist all
Autobots are out of order
Kurt wr1 as I mean yep
Genghis bTW did you factor man oh
dispatch man oda space yeah well royboy
osteopath it's not Philly boy right you
know what that's a reference no that's
mean pixel punter Jimmy meant awesome
Revere Steve ko2 mr. mr. blank Oh bus
not much wrong bed for this one sweet
cup and cake Green Isis a tragical
Martin who was Dominus magadi Wow Oh
Kryten okay
just quite Kryten he's probably kritch
time there you go Christian - okay
Jaka it's the first game PJ what is that
stiffer 's PJ's dippers one oh there's a
good one
Genghis Borgnine for how long 23 months
holy shitballs
holy shitballs Jon ref sir reps fear
John rupture sure that's it
John rupture Rastas Oh bother 17 months
Kay's 8722 fucking months in a row
almost two years and none of that twitch
prime bullshit and a bullshit to us case
thank you leftover beef tag 23 fucking
months in a row thank you beefcake
boldly they rode monarch 78 look Billy
Billy Bob Billy by Megan 64 Billy Bo
bagging that's a reference to something
yeah what is that
it's I want to say it's I want to say
it's like Bilbo Baggins yeah Billy Bo
beggin sounds familiar and I don't I
know Bilbo Baggins
no I something unrelated to Lord of the
Rings Bob Thornton you know really Bo
Baggins is something I remember from
like high school and I don't know why
okay all right well trust I'll get back
to you on this all right I probably
never will mr. Bronski and simple and
such an all pathetic mmm Olaf
Euler's number beer coaster six Luka
Burroughs Ayres lugubrious six
lugubrious and a tough one all right
game trial UK two months only two months
because two months ago I decided to not
be a cheap bastard love you guys thanks
for being awesome and interacting with
the fans here's so much is one of my
favorite names the spooky Dookie 21
fucking months in a what row says wobbly
wobbly oubli wobbly wobbly psycho soju
beer Meister twenty eighty nine twelve
months this past year went by so fast
it's like one big cutscene okay keep up
the good work the real van for 48 gosh
darn weeks in a row
one small ball one small ball says my
butt is thirsty for pleasure was the
best for you yeah evil kumquats
xeno trope twenty six fucking months in
a row says no sunday stream
understandable but no pictures of
biscuit inexcusable he fronts there was
for every time we don't stream as
penance to the internet I post a picture
of my lovely cat on our Twitter and when
I announced we were not streaming on
Sunday I did post a picture of biscuit
so I'm sorry I know trope you're wrong
when the cat is dead you gonna post
pictures of its corpse I'll have to take
a lot of its course ya know build about
mal yeah yeah you did post a picture huh
I don't think he did we're out here when
I'm you might have to post to make up
for it I don't think you didn't hold on
we're gonna find out so you're at 140
okay well three days ago yeah okay there
was one lane in the chair right biscuit
laying in a chair being adorable like
biscuit do boom so hey Jack I forgot to
tell you yeah we played in Madison two
weeks ago okay the bad that had been at
that bar previously before that the name
of that man yeah I of course I thought
of you there's been you're bitten like
Tom oh sure okay top s hurt typing
typing typing is hard
that's a ranger xt4 boy Marvel oh my god
LaVon LaVon is black vodka I can't I
haven't heard about
like a decade yeah it turns your tongue
all green yeah
legend Longhorn arcticus Rex
Zack is whack more born wob that's a
great man one more blob that's good grab
those 1313 stray cats 72
Alice wait Alex slow OLX slow pull up
land of the gyms all right doctor say us
baby I'm worth it all right
fat prowler two months fat Prowler says
perhaps unsurprisingly effect just one
though yeah
single follower word when did fat become
slang I feel like it's in the last few
years that that's become a thing I want
to say first with you mark really yeah
it was that far back I can't
maybe I'm just not with it maybe by
centrist booty smack crack whoa booty
smack er crap there we go there yes
major rack it's not even a crack crack
uh uh that's mr. smacker rack to you
yeah
dang you don't wanna be booty Det
that's what says like a dare bear 69s a
gritty rotoscope ik oh no tortured
biscuit what are they doing to your kid
Oh Corey barks us Marcus Cory Fargo's
yonder yonder but he solo 56 under super
7 says I have nothing to say
Timothy Yeager dildo Calrissian
2:46
I am dorsal 0 0 then 0 0 0
yeah of the car T Meister mad glenn auto
full well you got it
audio flagyl or no clothes no agile 800
no flagellate er auto fled you later
solace chicken Mick buttocks darts
diva-ness
bruiser ik Draco's TFM I love you sorry
we haven't had a message in a while Joe
drink those TFM says love you guys all
sorts of home oh oh so hello fabulous
far over room perfect yeah
DPS 84 oh my god this just keeps going
yes there's a lot of them red comet
rising because movie they say well my
number that a ver Surrey and a visit
from Josh what a great way to kick off a
hurricane impact look you gotta love
that juicy shit you gotta love it
junk had 1979 dobot exe vice versa man
merchant of cabbage vlog is stopped
fungus time 8x8 angus slugs done eight
times mud run 15 months in a row mud run
wants to know if we've ever farted so
hard you cracked your back
nope no but I want sneeze so hard I hurt
my arm don't ask question no just let
that sit for yeah that's fine Abuk oh no
priests over 818
oh all right Night Elf boom boom Wow
someone's easy I know
babes that elf big oh I just want to see
my not F boobs shower shudders Lucas
Ducas Oh months in a row best year of my
life
the real net boy help the mods have me
trapped message deleted mister Oh God
just keep going huggy snuggle 15 months
lol WTF lmao be wicked KFC nice that's
me
rogue echo 35 I am the nerd master a
gruff mick military man let's thanks for
all the great streams especially this
one with so many of the Bo TW crowd well
this was like best of the worst live but
without watching movies or talking about
movies God nerds
back dr. Slagle tynin oh in Ferris
watching you play V : TM a vampire the
masquerade alright was like recommending
a favor right oh you must be English TV
show to a friend only for them to start
making fun of it in the opening credits
sad and frustrating you're welcome hope
you had fun here's to another month
there's more like recommending a drama
you like to a friend who doesn't like
dramas and then getting mad when they
don't like dramas that was the bed with
vampire the masquerade urban vermin has
something very important that I think I
need to say out loud which is I agree
with Jack about Luke Cage great
soundtrack Waterboro wad-cutters 71
Angela 0:04 oh the hubris of epithelium
up eats pizza tray
twenty fucking months it'll only battle
machine three to two ah midnight sandy
with 12 months stew 91 17 months
reckless twenty four fucking months in a
row ah dick neutral not pro not con dick
neutral he's very plays he plays deeply
that's an old ya dick neutral is an old
strange thing
remember that time I time we lost nope
remember that one time we lost no we
almost Wow sentence Jack I think you
need to tear both eyes out honestly
that's what it feels terrible if I
thought says I love Jay's nasal David
Lynch impression please be him for the
Halloween special dresses get real
fantastic
NAB dosa thing real thing green knave
think oh god no yeah alright then I
fucking revolve in Greenville Shh oh no
thinner green valleys yeah because the
green is part of a separate it's not
thing I'm lookin and I want to say thing
you want to say thing thing Greenville
yeah doesn't make any sense
the dude 1944 21 fucking months in a row
love you guys not up on my meme so
insert your own only child the bolt says
the Milwaukee County Zoo is trending
right now because three siberian tigers
were just born there you guys are gonna
visit them at stream the adorableness
somebody apparently somebody should
throw a two-year-old in their pen trying
to shoot them that's that is then we'll
have memes for months that means no just
about to die yeah the kids are gonna get
shot yeah there's a berry Tigers every
fucking there is
I don't know about that I didn't know
about that no apparently a muscle just
happened to hear me keep up with Zoo
info I'm looking for pictures tomorrow
but beside it I like the Milwaukee zoo
that's fine if I can see those fucking
animals big deal kilo 40 Beau's uka
jerkwad live wants us to know I shaved
my balls for this
well good they'll be extras good log
hugger Pro bleeped and finally last but
not least a dreary and zero said that's
so unexcited lee for the last one I was
excited it's the last one
dreary yeah I thank you thanks for
subscribing we really appreciate you
there's Denny who's the question yeah
jag you're gonna you're gonna do it
click on the screen yeah are you going
to click the button or are you going to
end the stream through maturely oh I
would love to know what about that
restart switch there you've talked so
much about clicking the button that I
think people think we're gonna end the
stream early yeah so I think I should
click the button ok it's so suspense you
try I think you're trying to make up for
the fact that they expected you're
trying to rebuild the expectation that
you're actually going to hit the button
you can't hit the button it's not oh my
god for fucking real wait wait wait no
I'm trying to click the button yeah you
try it really did I really try some like
a thing where you hold Ollie can't touch
anything
I tried there's like the ropes oh you
want it yeah they make the game bigger
now
perfect yeah alright okay okay
yes it's now is not working try
something else
the game froze because we were what
happens if you hit the restart
