May 1, 2016
Organ Trail
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/73290481
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/73292063
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tNQF84bzQf0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IZNLvuAkwEc
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/726820079329902593

[Part I]
as the children say oh shit I forgot the
controller that is not what I didn't
forget the controller
I basically I hope the controller up so
long ago yeah that I forgot I hooked it
up also I want to say I don't think the
kids say boom goes the dynamite anymore
I think that's that's a what old people
say cuz that's an old internet thing you
know and also not gonna say very shortly
Fleck and you keep saying it and I don't
know why
they're gonna stop saying that so I'm
like a minute it's on fleek by the time
this video goes up in YouTube you're
gonna look like a moron
Filipe I think the fleek video already
went up I think I see comments already
about the fleek video going up okay okay
so it's I'm still relevant is I guess
what I'm saying I'm gonna start my
stand-up timer because that's important
in them nobody wants to hear about that
how about your standard nobody what they
want to hear about yeah sup every one of
your political and spiritual beliefs is
wrong and I'm going to explain why for
the next three hours that's what they
want right that's exactly what they look
alright I'm I am 90% sure I did let's
double check that that time look
somebody wrote a script that was a
username was this new this this new
subscriber has said there's a script now
yeah where I could type in exclamation
point subs that's great
but I have to be in the chat actually I
suppose when I type that I'm not outside
of the chat yeah or else I just type
into the ether and there's nothing you
just type it into the operating yeah and
nothing happens
oh my god I hit an eight and there
should be a shame were earlier and there
was a link there it is second uh-oh we
have a link No
okay great but also we haven't watcher
oh yeah double check in the 2000 it
wasn't running it wasn't it's right here
Oh was it yes it's very important
according to according to whom come on I
can tell you I can tell you something
very important you tell me a lot of
things I got you know what I can and I'm
going to I'm going to tell you a lot of
things according to John kilo yeah
moderator John kilo this very week rich
Evans okay is our two-year anniversary
of streaming as a twitch partner Wow two
years that's shocking
yes it feels like so much longer than it
really does to me it goes by in a flash
it goes by Anna and ass we do soon
you'll be in the grave yes murder you'll
wake up one morning and you'll be 80
years old you won't be able to walk
you'll be wearing two pens everyone you
know one love will be dead time's going
by so fast maybe no maybe not everyone I
know be dead I'll probably die before a
few people I didn't know I'm long maybe
maybe
I can only ask not if you're lucky lucky
no if you're lucky you die before the
people you let them deal with the sorrow
and the sadness that's right to explain
well c'mon you missed a little pokemon
yellow play it's a little bit of a
disappointing playthrough because I
start the playthrough wanting to catch
the secret Moo the glitchy Moo and I
underestimated how long it would take to
get to the area to catch the secret Moo
so we never actually end up catching
them but it's still a good Pokemon
stream is it wow I have no idea I don't
know I have no idea what makes a good
Pokemon stream I just hit a button and I
seem to get through the game just fine
okay we got great what is this game we
have what is this called that's like as
if the title weren't at the top of the
screen but we should probably try and do
our job this is march of the living and
several people on Twitter today
recommended that we stream this because
apparently only according to those
people on Twitter I don't know if this
is really true this is zombie FTL okay
it uses FTL like mechanics in a zombie
universe and it sounds great
okay so oh wait speaking of speaking of
the Pokemon stream if we're gonna we're
gonna get that we're gonna get good at
this we gotta get get my trainers hat on
you know the only reason I know that was
a Pokemon thing what cuz the back says
poking yeah
I opened up the box up I'm like oh this
is a minor league baseball team I've
never heard of who are they oh it's
pokemons the Ketchum's hold on wait if
we're gonna get real that turn it around
just like ash does basically if you
wanted to troll me you should have like
taken off the stitching that said
Pokemon and I would have warned a camp
not knowing any differently fucking love
it love this hat thank you to whoever
sent it I'd have worn that cap and ever
like tell me what baseball team this is
I know it looks weird when I wear a
baseball cap I normally don't wear a
baseball cap so I will not wear it but
have the fucking hat I wore it I wore it
I'm not gonna wear it I'll scream that'd
be weird
why cuz they want to see you wear the
hat they saw me wear the hats I don't
wear hats juicy hack juice juicy shock
hat
Jack wearing that cap backwards makes
him look like the world's oldest child
yeah but we're at normal it'll be fine
okay so we know what we don't know what
any of this means
Greg inventory revolver hammer
flashlight great I should have said
flashlight I should have deliberately
gotten that wrong that's a flashlight
and it would have been mildly funny but
I didn't do that I didn't think to do
that oh wow traits pistol expert plus
10% chance to hit head bonus plus 10%
great shotgun intermediate well he greg
automatically sucks
shotgun hit chance plus five had hit
dollars plus five rifle intermediate
plus five plus five
anna is locked
Derick is locked
he's he's told a lot of kids to get off
his porch just what that means what I
have no idea jack audio jack Mike closer
please is this better
here we go I can see the levels I know
this is better okay hold on we have many
two tips that I have been ignoring
turtle the Y's I saw a green room
yesterday movie of the year I will pay
for you kids to check it out and tell
Jay to get out there and support these
great films oh I mean Jay you'll see it
no matter what I've been looking forward
to that one that's the one with Patrick
Stewart and it's a it's like punks
versus Nazis set in like an old like not
an old set in like a CBGB's like punk
bar and it's like neo-nazis versus a
punk band supposed to be fun okay it has
Patrick Stewart looks great I'm glad
it's awesome leftover beefcake here's to
two years of learning about so many
things from your streams other kin blue
waffles heat death clown college vagina
dentata and now cannibalism thanks so
much for the education guys to be fair
you didn't learn about the cannibalism
from the stream we learned about that
from the best of the world you know all
part of it we could have a long
discussion right now about cannibalism
juicy Shack me we could do that
the riddle of Steel says rich Evans I
know you like normal guys versus
sorcerer stories I loved Conan chat said
you mentioned King Conan ages ago Jack
and Rich please tell me how you'd make a
king a Conan story work what maybe I
haven't seen King Khan what is that
that's never been made Oh old Conan
after he's been King they were talking
about making a movie about old Conan for
a while I don't know if it's completely
dead right now
that sounds awesome yeah that sounds
awesome but like after he becomes king
they were gonna tell a story with Arnold
mouth and so I mean the way the way you
make that story work is uh I'm not sure
specifically what you do but just
anything that's more Conan will it be
too bad I think the story is like you
know the the board the board King he was
a warrior there's whole life and now he
has to be ruler and so like it's it's
his final har on he knows he's going to
his death because he hates being king so
as king he decides to to to mount some
dumb battle that everyone's advising him
against and he note he knows it's gonna
kill him right it's got to end with his
death
I know you don't like sad stories but to
me I don't know about making a Conan an
idiot the whole thing getting into an
ill-advised battle no no but I want like
watching that not an idiot a big battle
of various mammal a fish or will go out
in battle sure that's what it is it's
it's a it's a battle that he knows he
can't win is I guess what I'm saying but
he does it anyway
because he's fucking Conan that's how
you huh that's how you end the Conan he
wins anyway he wins he he wins the
unwinnable battle and if afterwards
everyone's like how the fuck could we
did we do that
and Conan just like his business as
normal and Conan is really sad cuz he
wanted to die sure yeah that's actually
that's not a bad as long as he's
disappointed that he didn't die in the
glorious battle and you're then you're
doing something neat and unique and
you're not following on the same old
tired ass yeah he died but they won the
day bullshit okay he goes into battle
hoping for a glorious end he doesn't get
it because he's just too good and he has
to go back to being King and he hates it
that'd be great
well he could just he could just walk
away from being a king and go about some
other mysterious adventure as old Conan
I like that better
yeah his his court you know beckons him
back and he says I'll be right I just
turns the fuck around around the crow in
the foreground yeah and he's walking
away yeah that's how you end up just
it's it's that shot of like his feet and
you just drop to the dust right I mean
and he picks up like a dead soldiers
sword on his way out yeah just goes on
it's not the fancy King sword no no
actually he would never use the fancy
king sword that's part of the reason to
piss him off he doesn't like the pump
yeah he's like the pomp and circumstance
he wants a warrior that would be great
rich and I are gonna get right on that
script so Hollywood you're right we
should probably play the king
we get off on tangents and that's what
you guys you think I should like I'm
clicking start okay on kadai anna says
hey Jack enriched Civil War opened up
early here in Europe I think you'll
enjoy it anyway I think rich will love
to play darkest dungeon as another way
to get subscribers killed in the game
well not right this second apparently we
always like playing games that get you
guys killed the ops which says I'm sure
you get a lot of recommendations for
games you don't like but here's $20 to
goes towards telling the next person to
ask rich to play an RTS or watch anime
to go fuck themselves okay the next
person who recommends an anime or a
real-time strategy game to rich we have
to say go fuck yourself okay cuz someone
tipped us to say Conan's public domain
yes that means we can write don't
indicate you can probably write it but I
think the film rights are a different
least entirely film rights are not
public domain nobody not anybody can
make a Conan film sure okay well there
would be more somebody else would have
made one okay yeah yeah you're probably
right
yeah you're probably right okay here we
go the past couple of weeks you've been
barricaded up in your home trying to get
a hold of your ex-wife Chloe over the
phone is that Chloe your clone Chloe
okay no one on the other end has ever
picked up though and this has made you
worried for both her and your son Tom
over whom she has custody even though
you and Chloe may not have parted on and
the best of terms two years ago
you still care about them and want to be
sure they're not the same
post-apocalyptic nightmare mr. Gregg's
back story just wars the fuck out right
it's Nami this is it though this is FTL
what do we got to do an FTL oh you gotta
get you got to get a hard drive to the
resistance Oh No yeah no to the Empire
storing as many supplies as you can
realistically carry in your old car you
drive over the state border towards
their home soon enough your vehicle runs
out of fuel and grinds to a halt just
before you ditch it though you hear an
interesting broadcast over the radio
survivors in the secured city of
Wellston Oh secured city of Wellston too
far to the east claim to have a ship
which they plan to use to find sanctuary
off shore if you can find Chloe and
Thomas maybe you can you can take them
there okay start your journey uh turtle
the wise I'm sure you have heard about
Patton Oswald about Patton Oswalt his
daughter wrote this too oh that's right
did you hear about patents life credibly
sad news I mean just anybody and I you
know I met the guy for 20 minutes once
and just he was the nicest guy to us to
agree to be in space cop and really
unfortunate news I don't even know if
they like determined a cause of death
yet but she was incredibly young but
his daughter today wrote when your mom
dies you're the best memory of her
everything you do is in memory of her
just beautiful little kid little smart
kid taking on the name terrible terrible
knows all all love and thoughts
it's a baton bilikiss is happy two year
anniversary you hack frauds Jack could
you bring back some Jimmy jams for one
night only I will do my belt oh my god
this is an empty omen
so we have to get here and then is that
yellow marker the ship these are cities
I would assume that yes Jesus let's pick
one I like it that's true you know what
Mike Michael the grief is requesting a
moment of silence oh my god so we will
do that right
that was great great don't need to do
this is a wild dog use you approaching
and begins to growl and bark seems to be
injured badly right something was it
seems to be injured badly I noticed his
the initials H age bred it into him
right next to a large bite mark that
could be seen on its back doesn't look
like it's gonna make him I can hear it
moans and grunts in the distance so I'll
have to ask act quickly before the
rotters come to investigate so we might
be able to get a puppy friend we could
end the dog suffering there just move on
listen survival job survival it has
initials branded into it which means
that it might be tamable but it also
means it's been branded so it might not
be too friendly to humans anything the
dog suffering would almost certainly
make noise too though yep you can't have
the rotters coming no then again with
that dog they might go after the dead
dog sure it's yours
I'm all for shooting this thing in the
head then this you are you are in charge
of this journey rich and end the dogs
suffering ended loud bang echoes out
from the road brief limp of follows
quickly after Boggs had better place now
I moved quickly before the infected get
too close there you go okay okay now
let's see here I would like to recommend
justified of smoke fisted buy dope smoke
would like to recommend Naruto and ages
of Empires fuck yourself
thank you for the tip though oh look
there's like a growls neither busy I'm
saying that zombies yeah you began
walking alongside a deteriorated
railroad running east shirt well into
this leg of my journey I happen to cross
a lone cap from what I assume is a
diesel locomotive this intrigues me
so I climb up inside take a look around
terior of the train cab is a mess it
seems like the unfortunate driver was
who shot where he sat on the back of the
head his brains blown out across Oh
God's present part out across the back
ok a decently sized bullet hole all but
confirms the story I every consciously
shove the corpus aside oh god oh god and
I check the controls my best guess is
that it seems to be a work order oh my
it's my guess I don't know the fuel
gauge is it's really very low try to
start the train get off
start walking
our Millah I see that you've started
watching Fargo excellent choice
that's a great show ah you know again
you're you're kind of in control of this
one yeah I might have fucked that side
the Train Oh rich tour guide Nixon wants
you to watch Evangelion you know I know
this is the second one not the first but
go fuck yourself
right and Kazem osm says hey rich Jack
just want to thank you for all the XCOM
stream slash talk it got me interested
in the game bought enemy within four ten
bucks on a PSA say he'll early this week
and can't stop oh it's amazing
ten bucks puts on PSN it's amazing it
did it had it like it had a surprise
release on the Vita but it was like it
was like not advertised even like on
there like new release page of the
PlayStation Store yeah there's just like
boom just there one day ten bucks
easy peasy I know how I'm tardy we will
not be taking an hour-long break at 9:00
to watch Game of Thrones no I searched
the entire cab I managed to find a
manual or at least checklist of steps
and activating the Train well I could
follow a list this is very unfortunate I
go through all of these steps one by one
checking them off clearly so I know they
were the ones that were checked you have
to be very careful to be very thorough
you're right until it logged laughs the
trade begins to do forward the tracks
all by God's moving very fast I think
this is a good thing I I suppose I don't
know
I ride the rails very a couple of hours
at a slow pace until the the diesel
engine finally runs out of fuel at this
point I just like get off the trade I
start walking good because really what
else am I gonna do with that that's
great
a blow tractor has a point as many of
you know I I worry about my kids
watching certain movies at their young
age blow tractor would like to say Jack
let your kids watch Jurassic Park I saw
it at age five and now I go to Princeton
just say well I'm just maybe you're
failing at Princeton well I don't know
that I don't know anything about you
oh there's a fatigue fatigue
it makes combat more difficult for your
character moving a mouse cursor over the
character's portrait to see penalties
created from fatigue okay
okay so you got a hit chance penalty and
a melee damage penalty okay okay okay so
do you need to wait we have food eat is
there a way to make you eat well
probably confirm after I clicked on the
button though I didn't see you click on
that one I'm sorry okay rest
oh what's that pot it's pause so you
probably have to resume and then you
start eating
that
your hunger level oh you did not eat
anything you still have five apples
yes eat
okay now you're good I don't think he
was highlighted before alright okay I
don't like this darkest this is good I
arrived outside my ex's apartment yeah
she's such a bitch
carefully and drag the front lobby
shattered glass front door eye out for
infected as I make my way up to the
third floor and I make sure not to touch
the guardrails on the stairs because the
people who live here are just they're
filthy and hasn't gotten any better
since the zombie apocalypse
look at how sticky these rails are I can
catch some kind of disease yeah yeah
today where do you think the zombie
infection started exactly
sticky hygiene is important people deke
rails divides Bay I find fresh blood
sprayed across walls in a macabre
display that shake the cordite smell and
mix of human and rotted corpses
throughout the building and you can tell
I'm smart because I have read a
thesaurus cordite I have never heard the
word cordite before well I have because
I'm smart and I read it into the thoris
this place must have fallen recently
making me fear the worst for my ex-wife
ed kid well honestly mostly my kid
because as we have established my
ex-wife kind of a bitch your your more
rescuing your ex-wife out because she's
in the same place as your kid I caught
her sleeping with my best friend Carl
hmm like I was devastated
yeah if he did something he'd make some
more body ate he's got muscles come I
know Carl and he is a handsome man
anyway consider you a guy I sneak over
to the door of a Chloe's apartment and
listen carefully I am alarm to hear the
pottery smashing to the ground I would
assume that she were having a fight with
me has happened frequently but we were
having fights but obviously I am not in
the room with her so that is not what's
going on someone inside must be looting
her place or maybe it's some that got
stuck inside I'm not sure but it's cause
for concern I ready my weapons just in
case I enter the apartment stealthily as
that is my only option as quietly as I
possibly can
slowly I open the apartment door and
creep inside it's difficult to see what
the lights seemingly shut out peeking
around the corner into the rather
external arge living room exterior I I
see a lone figure tearing the place
apart tossing side piles of clothing a
junk trying to find something about this
figure a short sniffling man ohh shotgun
slug over his show all by God he's got a
shotgun
he seems incredibly agitated
oh my god I'm watching him from movement
III I noticed the shaking and making
strange noises every time he always
figure on something is he masturbating
oh my god he's masturbating over Chloe's
clothing Oh No well this is not good at
all
I can try and be diplomatic and talk to
that or I get as obese too unstable to
reason with I could shoot him and save
myself some trouble
you know I'm four I always like more
crew members in FTL well my character is
a coward Oh then you definitely wouldn't
shoot but in a coward but then again I
can't really stab the sight of blood so
I really I'm really torn here on what to
do
everyone in stream is saying shoot him
in the face shoot him in the face that's
what they're saying I think you might
want to be diplomats ultimately my
cowardice is when I go okay I'm gonna
shoot him in the back cuz actually now
that I think about it that looks like
the back of Carl's head and quite
frankly I owe him for the bag could
react I fire my own weapon striking my
target clearly cleanly edit art though
whatever light was in the man's eyes has
faded away completely ah Blake's to be
Wow I check out his shotgun an older
buck and immediately throw it away
because well I'm an idiot and I throw
out shotguns
when they would be highly valuable in
this there's a zombie apocalypse well ii
think that zombies are actually just
it's an infection it was a perfectly
logical scientific reason why they would
be walking around but I'm digressing
again as I frequently do the body and
the barrel showing up damage on it that
I'm certain it would explode if I try to
fire it because I am a gun scientist
apparently you are you are a an English
major and a gun scientist well I've read
the forest you've read I I majored in
two sources I wrote at the forest once
you wrote wood that was your job I just
I opened another four Thoris and I just
wrote all the words down and legally I
mean what could they do other words
didn't isn't I could say these words all
exist I just broke them down no no there
was there's actually aren't there cases
of phantom words in dictionaries and
thesauruses and on maps
mapmakers and england dictionary makers
put in phantom words so they can check
other people's dictionaries to see if
those not real words make it it maybe
that's why I got fired for my authority
job
okay predict Ulis was not a synonym for
for couch crunk ridiculous I always like
to sit down a micron Knik Ulis and watch
TV okay hold on
who knew Dan this says Happy New Year
streaming I didn't get to mention that
like another zombie game you've streamed
darkest dungeon allows your party
members to die of dysentery and
depression looking forward to it
Shawn wants to recommend it Dissidia dis
jeah on the ps4 it's turn based mostly
melee combat JRPG everything rich loves
rolled into one with bonus a lots of
grindings
for levels oh so so Shawn go fuck your
space good ever says hello from Ireland
and thanks for all the great content
civil war is great
I'm I'm so hyped it's this weekend I'm
so hyped okay can't wait to see Batman
vs Superman done right can't wait to see
what you guys think of it and have you
thought of playing have you guys thought
of playing some of the worst games ever
for our enjoyment I think we just happen
to have done that you know without
fix-it really work that isn't really the
same things bad movie you need there's
there's a very there's a smaller butter
zone like big rigs we could we get
distracted from the game too much too
much for that to really work I favorite
turtle of Isis did you know there is a
Deathstalker - we know there's four of
them it came in a four pack of raping
features we have them all barbarian
queen the warrior princess couldn't help
myself actually it wasn't that the plan
is if it landed on Deathstalker first we
would replace it with soccer - hoping
that it would land on that I don't know
what happened with that because we did
land on Deathstalker but we didn't
replace it we were like yeah we got so
excited that we got to watch a
Deathstalker and tour guide Nixon says
if you guys are gonna play a visual
novel at least play Katawa shoujo or
claude unfortunately we're not going to
play a visual novel so I think this is
so far
there's been a lot lot there's been a
lot more reading in this than FTL I'll
tell you that well no to be fair we just
skip over all of the reading at FTL
there's plenty of reading at FTL
that's true that's true okay and search
the apartment okay Deathstalker did have
the best cover ever you're right I
searched the bedroom but find a corpse
laid out odd by former bed its faces
disfigured by oh no there's no mistaking
that short dark blond hair those
highlights
oh poor Chloe oh I guess she got dead
I'm kind of relieved for a second there
I thought it was my mistress wait they
have the same hair as I have the pipe it
was ever hair that your but fortunately
this is Chloe quite frankly I'm relieved
I'm kind of relieved I'm going to find
whoever murdered my ex-wife and I'm I'm
going to give them a lollipop quite
frankly I'm gonna ask him how it felt
and then I'm going to give them a
lollipop and then well well maybe I'll
burn them to just steal all their stuff
because this is ah be a punk that's and
that's what you do I want this stuff
that's what you do there's no sign of
Tom I'm kind of attached to my child but
searching the apartment further I find a
oh I find a note scribbled on a torn
sheet of paper signed by by by Carl my
ex-wives bastard of a boyfriend Carl my
former friend Carl you dick Carl's ACK
Carl Zack Carl Zack it's a strange thing
you have a dumb last the rice tells me
I've got two first names he does the
giver yep like like he's used to it he
grew up that way like Billa big girls ah
me yep
all right read the note from Carl Carl
Zack Carl Zack that's his full name
worid wait how we won
I thought I was like Gregor's over my
ward about rigor I forget who was who
was Warren there was a Warren something
we did oh wait no I don't think they
were oh that's rubbish that the Western
game was like ex-cop Warren okay great
that X cobbler you didn't have dynamic
characters that kind of birds from the
game they told you you were worid and
award was kind of a boring fuck oh god
you know what I've forgotten completely
about that stupid Western X comedy but
love the note says Warren Warren as
always you're late I'm taking off out of
this crazy place and I'm going to my
cabin you know please I'm stuck with a
stupid kid right now I figured we could
use them to sneak into places and still
shit if he dies he dies anyway don't
waste time
you know where to find me Zack you know
what I like Zack already because he's an
efficient thinker like we can use this
kid and when he's not used to fuck them
quite frankly it's the zombie apocalypse
ed I would do the same thing yeah you
know actually I already got Zacks child
murdered I had a I had am crawling
around a drug store I needed some more
adderall okay it's our adderall it's
hard to come by
how would I be if I did you get Zacks
kid kidnapping this is this was months
before the apparel for breaking up your
Mary took my kid I was fair's fair
Touche rich Touche fair's fair
all right let's go yeah I am looking for
some adderall and a safe fell on him it
was like something out of a Looney Tunes
cartoon somebody actually dropped a safe
on Zacks kid I thought I thought oh my
god he was trying to he was trying to
get it he was trying to get a piece of
cheese out of a mousetrap thank God that
wasn't me when he buggered the mousetrap
it pulled on a string and that string
led to a series of comical pulleys that
released a tiny hammer that hit a piano
down a ramp that piano ran into a mouse
that scared the mouse of the mouse
up then the cat chased the mouse and the
cat had a string attached to his tail
that pulled on another hammer that hit
the safe that made it fall onto the kid
well Dave the the pharmacy owner whose
good friend he really did not like mice
yeah Dave what mousetrap was not enough
I'd have to be had to have the backup
safe I don't know I used to bounce as
part of his mousetrap well because if I
had somebody by sits Dave Goldberg and
so like he was just following in his
grandfather's footsteps good old room
good old room the Roses more Conan
tangents does your Conan need to die in
glorious battle for Valhalla does he
fight noble first Conan is not a Viking
no no Cohn is that a fun prom he
worships her doesn't worship right more
accurately less he fight a sorcerer
again our hordes of barbarians see I'd
like to think like King Conan or it's
gotta be a kingdom kind of thing yeah
this and like civilization will have
moved on because also he's like ageless
cuz he's Conan right and so like we're
getting into like the early Dark Ages
like no you don't know like he's not
immortal he's just going in well I'm not
saying he's in mortem just saying he's
fucking ageless he's in the Hyborian age
I'm not sure when that's supposed to be
if that's even supposed to be a part of
our history like he lost aid right but
it's it is a specific time that he lives
in I instantly I'm thinking like maybe
we see some more quote-unquote in modern
weapons like some catapults you know
some like some things that weren't in
Conan's time
and then he punches the catapult yeah
you have punch catapults yeah he takes
the catapult and just rips it in half of
his bare hands maybe maybe he's fighting
an army where they have just invented
like gunpowder that's the army he's up
against I'm not sold on that that's
probably a terrible idea problem listen
you know what we're we're in right now
what's called the spitball phase where
you just kind of do you see what sticks
you've the spaghetti phase no of Italian
shaming okay there is a lot of reading
on this game yeah
don't you think do you want me not to it
seems to be entertaining no no I'm
sipping I'm saying like as a as a
criticism so far well I mean I think I
made it to a plot point fairly early if
these maps are random I don't know
Oh plus I'm going on tangents while I'm
reading this it's taking me a lot longer
to read it than it should
okay
rich you have mixed feelings about this
place every doesn't really ya oh yeah I
have mixed feeling about the situation
well I'm glad table wasn't left to die
with his mother it's clear that Zach
does not care about him even though he's
been raising him for the last year and a
half well he doesn't care about all the
way that I do I I know all about the
cabin Zach is talking about I could
started using it to be mined before it
was taken in the divorce God thank God
Chloe's dead I remember Tom complaining
about how dirty it was when he was taken
there by his mother last summer because
they never cleaned that place and it may
be squeamish every time I visited I had
to bring a whole a whole satchel worth
of wet naps just before you touched the
door or you went use the kitchen I
waited the kitchen was and there was
there was a crumb on the counter from a
plate of cookies that had been there the
night before oh my god it's terrible
rich the fact that Zach isn't taking
care of the place that kind of makes me
angry I don't know why it's any of my
business really but it I'd always got my
child
the thought of that messy cabin you got
your child and he it's quite possible
that he murdered your ex-wife which is a
good thing but you know you might be
upset that he he murdered him and not
you and you didn't I almost did several
times right actually hold on real quick
dr. Kiehl dekat has a technical question
yeah people listening to my videos
always say the audio is too quiet but I
hear it fine how do you know when audio
is loud enough decibel levels what for
good luck oh no he's talking about like
editing video Oh like right you know us
the streaming is a little harder to tell
the general rule when making YouTube
videos is you want your spoken audio to
between be between negative six and
negative three decibels
music background music then goes down to
like negative
twenty-eight to negative 30 decibels and
sound effects somewhere in between but
for spoken audio if it reads and between
negative three negative six you should
be fine I'm heading off my cabin head
off to your cabin on a quest marker has
been added to my bap I like you know I
like role-playing games I like sometimes
I like to pretend like I'm on a quests
and I have a map I put like mark Reeth
on it I just added a little adventure I
gave myself plus 110 experience you
might need to rest
it was probably yeah I should probably
sleep this is a safe zones rest I'm
gonna sleep next to my fucking dead wife
Chloe because fuck that bitch and I want
to enjoy the fact that she's dead I just
got to push it over a little bit you
know what I'm gonna push around the
wrong side of the bed because fuck her
a lawnmower is over what are you talking
about I'm talking about when you are
when you are editing a video and you fee
and you know zero is very is very hot
not bad I know how to do stuff I know
how to edit stuff
it's endless city unsub's exciting
calling why does my mic look further
from his face than riches because it is
further from my face that is that
fucking with our audio I don't you know
she tears be closer should mind before
the opposite of the thing it should be
isn't it these are these are sensitive
microphones I I try to keep it here I
think it works fine because like because
I usually we usually end up you yelling
Oh
care for a little game man standing as a
hastily made and a hastily made table
asks there's a bit of food in it for ya
I got me a 22 revolver blanks play
Russian roulette with yeah I'll wait
your father rations oh I played roulette
in Vegas it was very fun I don't know
why we need a gun for this though but
y'all play that game let's all say house
sounds fun quite frankly it's the zombie
apocalypse I'm kind of bored I could use
a little bit of gambling I don't know
what value money hasn't but I guess rule
where's the roulette table oh wait you
don't have five right oh no oh I don't
have five minutes I guess I can't plate
yeah I was stupid planning my guys will
go back doing things the hard way what
what what oh shit oh my god I this is
for real now this is for real we've
never done combat before I quit frankly
I fantasized about shooting Chloe all
the time but I never actually used my
gun I think I might have the bullets
loaded the wrong way okay if I have the
bullet well let's shoot B I don't how
does it work how does this work
okay wait select in action
weapon old revolver we had a six
heartily low price W chamber
I've had chances 85%
what the
what
that's right okay
oh hey chance 30 you don't want that 30
whoa wait go to this boundary
can you move because like there's a like
percentages down below you
oh wait there's other actions to beat
later
melees pushback
thirty shit yeah thirty shit percentage
agreed
but it's all you got its on 30% though
there's a is there a move forward option
that's what I'm wondering
let's a reef cake we can't get on the
roof there's no roof we can't get on the
roof and we cannot hunker down so 30 yet
and if we press W that that gives us a
melee option right get closer
I mean if it's 30 percent each obviously
go for an upper body shot right
yeah
shoot you have like a little bar oh
that's great well you got it you got a
revolver instead of your old revolver
let's see here rich says optimist no
I've been watching a few Star Trek
documentaries
why does Shatner have to include himself
into every discussion is he that
insecure about his legacy that his ego
needs constant stroking he's not
insecure he's just a narcissist
he doesn't realize what he's doing he
thinks that's what it should be it's not
insecurity yeah it's the it's the
genuine belief it's too much security I
went to a TNG cast reunion uh-huh
there's a whole main cast TNG that's
great Patrick Stewart never won and for
some reason William Shatner was the host
he spent half the time talking during
the TNG cast reunion was he ever on an
episode of tangent no that sucks
that sucks man the riddle of Steel says
the Hyborian age is lost in time after
the oceans drank Atlantis and the rise
of the Suns various all of the kingdoms
got wiped out by in by the peaked
invasion pics are these Scottish Aztec
people okay bone number one said if I
send $5 with it and rich or Jack doesn't
like Final Fantasy Tactics will you send
it back please also rich looks a lot
better after his UFC debut
I'm sending firehead it's got a Soviet
with laser eyes what I don't have no
idea also rich looks a lot better after
his UFCW I'm sending fire ants
you're right Conan worships Crom the
uncaring God how you get down krob he
believes in Crom does he actually
worship Crum doesn't Konad at some point
say you shouldn't worship Crum because
you don't want to get crumbs attention
or do I have that wrong hold on it
represents Conan's acceptance that
nobody will help him but himself
unlike the weak civilized people who
pray for help so I don't think he
worships Crum he just he acknowledges ya
kromm is there yeah but no one will help
you unless you help yourself to my
understanding out it could be wrong that
he believed in Crum but he did not pray
to crime because crime is an asshole and
you really don't want to get crumbs
attention sure and oh it's answer your
question Bona number no there's no
guarantee that we will send it back we
might not ever play it we might play it
and hate it but there's no guarantee we
will send it back I will not make that
guarantee just don't send it don't I
mean yeah if you if you are not okay
with losing it forever then do not send
it
it's called final fantasy I don't give a
shit no he doesn't worship crumb okay
yes people are correct
oh wait until later when he makes a
prayer to him but but says hey screw you
bud if he doesn't help him you thinking
of major league that's never won that's
the chicken is it what not of course and
yeah and then everyone wanted the luck
and lucky chicken bones brother yeah
yeah he won't help me well then screw
you I'll do it myself or something like
that then he hits the curveball once he
embraces atheism beautiful story evil
dead Tim you are incredibly incorrect
Primus does not suck
Primus is great I don't give a shit
traveler traveler Helsby for the
distance I am unable to raise my gun
until the stranger to keep his distance
sure I passed I just can't do that I
don't know why you don't have any
bullets left died by zero boats zero
below fuck yeah well he wouldn't know
make an empty threat
every threat I made to my wife Chloe
you're a completely empty threat you're
absolutely right why she got everything
in the divorce I have them I need quit
the gun I could swear I equip the other
one though that could be wrong stop
walking and ask him for safe distance
feels good yeah sure so he's a store
teddy bear flashlight candle like I
don't need any other shit camcorder
why would I be that he is a shy did I
need an apple you could sell your old
revolver I need a fucking Apple because
you know ah you have a new revolver this
is bullshit
this is just bullshit fuck credits what
am I gonna do with credits have three
apples I want more I need more apples
three apples what any money he's got
what he's got one I get by oh I need
four credits for the apples well this is
horseshit
what I don't have enough credits to buy
the Apple I can sell an Apple that would
give me enough credit buy one what how
would a terrible terrible thing we've
got going on here can I burn you and
take your stuff you could have earlier
but you didn't have the gun equipped
apparently well I'm not very
uncomfortable around firearms I shot one
bad once in the back uh-huh another guy
I think he just died I think I hit him I
don't know what happened to that other
guy he just died you killed them that's
what I tell myself I think hold onto the
hammer you definitely need the
flashlight I think you're fine be done
here
jerk and I am i pitiless you know
there's a city apparently
I arrived in West way cities are great
fight supplies but are also highly
dangerous places so I should be careful
ok hmm I did food I think I'm gonna what
do you think grocery store drug store I
need health you need health and you need
you need health more than you need food
you have three apples all right all
right very soon you will have two apples
because you'll need to eat one as your
hunger is getting crazy no shit I'm eat
apples
I wanted that Apple before so bad
wouldn't give me an apple you have three
apples
select how long you will serve be
searching the drugs from our Testament
searching
what well oh my god good you made too
much noise probably want to melee as
many as you can to save on bullets you
as you only have twenty bucks
wait what hammer
can you equip the hammer or the revolver
yeah but then you're wasting bullets
what's with their foreign it well if you
can kill them with the hammer I
should've stayed at my barricade
wouldn't it
that's the rule with the zombie
apocalypse rich is kill all that you can
with melee weapons first because bullets
are fleeting
response
it says out of bullets what says out of
bullets oh you need to reload
apparently you can only reload when it's
not paused first pause button interspace
I've no idea what annoyed
I don't know
wait till you have a little blue button
that's okay it's okay
have we learned have you learned lessons
yeah have you learned lessons rich i
falled the ground Oh guy follow the
crowd in agony knowing that I've met my
Baker I wonder how things could have
gone so wrong with my last breath I
myself for giving a shit about my son I
I had a barricade no you realize I had a
generator at an xbox high a generator an
Xbox and a copy of Dead Rising I had
enough food to last me seven fucking
years and your and you left for your kid
I agree leftover beefcake it's all
Khloe's fault it's all Cory's fault that
bitch that bitch rich anonymous has a
very important question how much of a
tip would it cost for you to to Eskimo
kiss to Eskimo kiss eskimo kisses when
we rub noses together you you and me no
okay no no okay
so the journey ends Jack I think it's
your turn okay I'm gonna try to John
switch spots seeing more easily use the
mouse yeah you take this you'll probably
need the keyboard though for like
pausing and sure there's commands I've
got this okay I got this all okay oh and
I closed the game apparently I've closed
the end
see the absence of sound ambient growls
keep those right on vertical yeah some
people don't like in the voice not
liking the voice yeah that's not for
everyone what is our name our name is
Greg
we're Greg rich fix the mouse cursor
what's wrong with it what's wrong with
it we need it this game requires a
cursor yeah
that's who is your Greg Jagger who is my
grave
who is your Greg aimless drifter well
well okay I'm going up I'm gonna get me
to sanctuary I'm gonna get find me a
nice woman I'm gonna marry her okay
- what Greg is gonna do all that sounds
that sounds great jack yeah it's fine
demamp
oh okay so the same chick here's Chloe's
apartment yeah all right we can only
assume that's our destination you know
what happens when you're soon yep oh
wait hold on this is math one of three
yeah oh shit apparently there's plot
points and whatnot Jebus this is huge
good well you know what I'm gonna I'm
gonna take it easy here we're just gonna
go to the closest destination one
destination at a time chat was hoping
for Sean Connery that would go and do it
some also will Sean Connery it out
I'm going up here them with
there's Greg
all right god I hit him with the hammer
oh I get a weighted ring mod now you my
now wedding ring I'm gonna put you own I
just married a zombie you're my wife now
everyone look away everyone look away we
have to see Odin up she was sounds like
you're eating is that how you seal the
nuptials that's how I see her nuptials
have I mentioned that I've never sealed
the nuptials before only once every time
you've been married 10 times oh it's
time to stand up it's time to stand up
and walk around even though that's what
I'm already doing well don't ruin the
immersion there's a stand-up timer time
what we're doing this kind of shit we
should get that back we should get that
back
we're never really use it they're really
I just wanted to stand up a little bit
I just wanted to stand up deep fried all
right
time was still moving in the game I
forgot to pause it
alright now I'll back alright here we go
here we go we don't get it happening
down with our still don't get it
happening now
I got that wedding ring I'm instantly
alerted to a large number to a large
volume of gunfire by head on the road as
a host of my weapon a small group of
survivors roars best shooting at a large
Hall bearing down on them some other
otters spot me and they start charging
at me oh but they don't know that Greg
Greg is a fighter Greg's going to fight
him
I think I need my gun
oh you have a flee option that flee
option might be invaluable in my beer
age I'm just letting you know it's there
I'm gonna have time to reload
don't forget to switch to your melee
weapon I've got a group manage know I
have seen look true
oh you did you can / do that with Devin
you can do that with Devin all right all
right great
I tried to push him back it did not work
him in the face now we're gonna hit him
in the face with a hammer hit him I'm
Greg I just back the last of my foes I
turn around and see if I can't find him
nice people who dumped their problems on
me cuz Greg is here to help but they
move too far beyond my reach
if I ever see them again I'm gonna give
them a hug and tell them that everything
will be okay did you used to be a
therapist Greg everything will be okay
Greg likes people
Greg's a people person oh I'm a pistol X
but now where can I reload how did that
happen I don't know probably just
shooting some be successful yeah man
okay Bank angle good day are you turning
in the mill
I donno I took aback
sling nose / 990 fried mashed potatoes
right we're never been in that about it
you know real oh okay
the Greek sir miss black swear I thought
it was I guess he was it was
intermediate in the other ones
how do I continue going ma'am
that's also space to resume you can't
get to that it's not connected dan nodes
is randomly placed okay but there's a
bar going from there to there right away
I'm on Damona green you see this gray
bar why are there gray bars coming out
of the blue that's my old destination oh
you're at Green never mind never mind
I'm doing why wouldn't I go to the
farthest one I don't
whatever-whatever Jack because I'm
taking my time motherfucker
Greg is trying to gather supplies and
learn how to play the game Greg wants to
be any fishes I'll be hunter hey Leo go
get over there you wouldn't have died
and killed other Greg Greg didn't
understand how weapon equipping worked
exactly but this Greg takes his time can
you change their name that's a good
question you should be able to change
their is that everyone is great is great
a great deal of it
Greg is a great name Greg is a name my
daddy gave them is oh I love Greg and
nothing
I thought he ran a continuous stirring
about Lobos understandably concern I
start cracking the sound towards
homework then I like a closer dance
becomes more and more apparent make me
want to throw up a little bit but I
borrow we're here in our own good freeze
I discover or nearly old courted man who
had me a held in place thanks to a
little bear crap although these Hong
Kong metal teeth and some diamond would
a man like no doubt allowing him back
and do that in I could just I just I
just want to picture somebody just
strangers stepping into the stream for
the first time it would be weird yeah
yeah it would be really strange for them
and that makes me love it more good for
that specially abled person good for
them having their own stream read I
wanna read they got a helper next to
them and everything ready thank you or
help a mystery race I want em to freedom
in from the dress
okay great now that happen like keep
going
no oh that was the destination all right
here we go
walk it out up bro my name is Greg ID a
blanket or thick smoke great being a
crowd guru I'm trying to do like
southern like I'm trying to do like deep
southern but every once in a while I
think I might go into special means
that's fine you know your special names
deep southern I miss it
hey they exist I'm sure they exist
that's not what I'm going special needs
people everywhere yeah that's not what
I'm going for though okay oh that's kind
of funny that you would just end up
there naturally isn't it Jackson oh look
there's some smoke down the road and I
like a barbecue so I'm gonna go
investigate their smoke after clearing I
found our fire still burning roasting
over there 5 Seversky rabbits mm-hmm
quickly grabbed our Evers and run leave
the clear and return to the road or rest
at the fire and heat arab 'it's i don't
like it that that's like i like i wanna
like wait and see if someone shows up
option yep cuz i'm i'm greg and I'm here
to help you know well greg sounds like a
person who couldn't resist some nice
rabbits oh they're leaving great go and
take your ride we're gonna take the
rabbit but greg one doesn't wanna Julie
I'll leave something in return for these
delicious rabbits I'm gonna do grab
Monroe you grab my rabbits and you
attempt to escape but as you go several
times I fired at me you managed to make
it back through the road buddy bear oh I
got great got shot in the leg but I got
some apples ivory my hunger
I feel reading rest I'm gonna do that
Greg you're gonna eat Greg this is
alright Oh cancel all right well then
let it go
here we go good welcome buddy got shot
in the leg small hold of in fact it is
big
get in to collect bhajami hmm I could
deal with them now oh I might be better
do L know them it's a small hole they
don't walk no fast they're reef I think
the danger not that I know anything
about this game okay is that maybe there
will be more zombies if you leave them
alone
they stop gathering and won't d'Agata
you can get them to UM get a sound
zombies work I'll go fight them then I
feel pretty good okay hold on oh I got
my gun out yes but we've got some them
down what it guns for what I got ball
I'm gonna go for upper body got Greg is
not as confidence in the shooting noise
Nonna's come and now we're gonna sweep
to our hem up we're gonna hammer this
motherfucker in the head and then we're
gonna hammer dead motherfucker in the
kneecap Wow Wow after down and only
invective operty down my weapon during
debate oh you heard a loud rattle oh I
hope dumb them I love helping the man
because there when I helped Amanda man
help you know what I'm there I lift that
tree and a man crawl out from under it
but it's too late and he's gonna turn
you won't have more than a few hours
mmm but he does give me his gun if I if
I shoot him in the head just not where's
the net
well Greg II like to help the main so
Greg will do this Greg will take the
ribama dummy mama can Greg be boom the
baby Bubba again
okay Greg need to rest now can I rest
yeah this is a risky zone I'm gonna
cancel them it's up to you and I'm not
going to with him they'd find a new
detonator
you got the fatigue going on hey Greg
believed in the power of random things
going on MIDI boom b-b-boom um the
riddle of Steel you read out of Neil
those rich how do you know these conan
things did you read the stories also did
you pick one of the RL m dudes as your
best man or are you just gonna make them
all try carrying the ring together as
Conan you don't out you know what I'm
like a lint brush my brain is like a
lint brush okay it just picks up shit as
my brain goes along I hear things and
they stick and that's how I know what I
know about Conan I've never actually
read any of the proper Robert Robert
except the coat hanger I've never read
any of the stories I've seen the movies
and I've read about Conan and like
Wikipedia and whatnot I've read some of
the comics and just osmosis Conan as
Moses crunky says two years in and we
finally hit rock bottom
oh no when when someone said prereq was
asterisk asterisk asterisk I don't think
they meant it as a suggestion for
content lol Wow ass I'm assuming ass
it's like sensor oh yeah sure you don't
like it I'm sorry it's a really easy to
turn it off we'll be doing something
different extreme maybe oh maybe boy it
is now I'm in Iran
I'm in Iran Greg Knox walking in the
rain and I won't got on I see a man and
a woman oh I love the women he's
struggling with an effective that have
grappled am they moving around too much
to a Malayalee
and you'll only have time to damn one of
them over hell I mean what am I gonna do
well you have four options so you can do
one of those oh I probably wanna save
two women good trance a fool but the
women will be mad at Greg if you build
it Amanda so I try to save them all to
you we're two resounding cracks I
completely missed the effective and he
do do survivors I hate a man I hate a
woman Greg did you did you really miss
Brett let's be honest
Greg has the bloodlust Greg likes to
kill
and reg
nope nope stop what no I don't want him
to use his gun anymore nope nope
okay Koki says no I love your stream
that was a joke about Jack's special
needs character oh I think maybe he said
we we did with the AA word okay okay
granted it was a bad joke okay
oh it would have had to get rid of my
blanket oh I take a rifle oh my god
so you gonna keep wedding ring and leave
that super useful blanket that will keep
you warm at night
what are you the blanket do it keeps you
warm at night when you're sleeping
outdoors that doesn't it makes no
difference in that game I do you know
what I think I'm going Creole that's
fine I think I'm going Cajun that sounds
great hi that guy dick I thought you
were doing that deliberately it's me but
it's been Cajun for a while has it BAM
yes I think it's totally thought you
were already there
oh it drifts it grieves in-n-out
I understand how every time I try an
accent it goes it goes wherever exactly
that's what happened what happens with
accent I'll start with Scottish I will
end up with British and then I'm in
Australia okay
yeah the blanket didn't seem to do
anything in-game so the wedding ring I
think I can sell at a high price is what
I'm hoping just the revolver you have a
pretty good new revolver my Cajun friend
I have the old revolver but the older uh
the the old revolver again we sold for a
pretty decent price which was enough to
buy an Apple this is how great you don't
gray don't need no banging Anonymous's
and he plans to stream uncharted for our
The Last of Us he's been is that the new
one yeah we might do like a first for
ours
something like that just cuz it's like a
new work yeah I know you know what I did
I know I you know I had a thought the
other day okay I was thinking about the
souls games sure have if if this were
the PlayStation 2 era
obviously you'd have to kick down the
the graphics quality some but with
blood-borne and Dark Souls 3 just be
considered your really good games just
really good games rather than oh wow
this is so fuckin good because like they
snow in in today's market they stand
alone in a sea of triple-a titles made
by failed filmmakers who make the
blandest least inspired shooter they
could ever possibly make and they fill
up with lots of talky garbage well you
know like Dark Soul Demon Souls and Dark
Souls were underground hits though those
were not initially successful no but
they weren't super huge right but you
think like the modern souls games been
magnified because they exist in a sea of
mediocrity yes okay I can I can
absolutely go along with that assumption
yes
oh the other way i'ma go idiot away and
we evolved in we going down yes shots
fired at Naughty Dog look I I'm gonna
level with you I hate Naughty Dog mm-hmm
I hate everything they've done except
for like the original Crash Bandicoot
games I hated jak and daxter if they
were horribly uninspired platformers the
sequels to jack the sequels the jak and
daxter games and they they they mixed
some Grand Theft Auto in there because
why not and then their whole Uncharted
loss of us where they just kind of do a
half-assed third-person shooter with his
overworked narrative running through it
Oh God they don't make games it's quite
possible that Uncharted has ruined
Triple A games the Uncharted series the
first one was cute where is like oh yeah
it was it was more like a graphical
benchmark I remember when the first time
charred wood came out and everyone
thought it was like oh this looks really
great but it's not it's not like a game
like it's fun no oh yeah you you go
around jump around but you know yeah
it's not a game and then they kept to
making it kept making it oh that was
great that was really nice
so here's Chloe's apartment or I could
here's what here's what my plan is I
know I'm supposed to go to Chloe's
apartment but I think I'm gonna head
down here and like forage for a little
bit longer and then had up okay check
from what I played of Dishonored unlike
some of naughty dog games they actually
cared about gameplay they what I played
I haven't played much of dishonour you
know cuz when I tried it was before I
had a new computer and I wasn't getting
the best framerate oh yeah by the time I
got this thing I just never got around
picking it up again but it seemed like
some decent stealth and it wasn't some
half-ass third-person shooter I've just
I've come to learn that when a person
makes a third-person shooter it's
because they didn't give a shit they
didn't give a shit about the game I
wanna make a game glad I got the story
idea about these elves who run a magical
kingdom but they they befriend the known
people and it's all about the tension
the racial tensions between the elders
of the nose and oh that sounds
interesting what kind of game is it I
don't know a third-person shooter they
don't care
yeah that's a good bit it's true it's so
true wait by the way everyone just wait
waiting for it tomorrow and you'll hear
a lot more on that bit I hadn't I know I
have the stupid old revolver but I don't
want to I don't want to get rid of a
weapon even if it's an old weapon I
don't want to get rid of it because I
think a weapon so I'm gonna get rid of
the ring
I got a frying pan I'm not gonna use the
frying pan because I have a hammer
now I'll get rid of the wedding ring
but whatever the story of the game is
the focus the gameplay is gonna be just
some half-ass completely half-assed
horrible third-person shooter mechanics
that are boring and he cut her and no
one gave a shit about that part of the
game
sherry senses for Greg and a special
helper I mean you always do the wacky
voices have a dad now a gay by the
smiley face
also unrelated have y'all played Phoenix
right it's my other unhealthy obsession
besides Ella sorry you know what I've
never played a Phoenix Wright game and
now that I have a 3ds
I really should I've heard great things
about them yeah
I've never played them but they've
always been like handhelds right yeah I
think I never really played much on the
hand we could blow I have nothing
against the series I might be able do
one on stream
okay well add it to the stream list I've
always wanted to play a Phoenix Wright
game I've heard nothing but great things
about them give us your suggestions for
good Phoenix Wright game on which
platform is I have a 3d three out of
three DS
anything that'll play on a 3ds let me
know VAR y r77 says hey guys
love gumbo Cajun combo Greg voice oh
yeah in other news have either of you
seen the new sci-fi show comedy it's all
like V and premise aliens take over
America they could enjoy I I've not seen
it
I actually don't have cable these days
nah if it ever comes out Netflix so
probably others saying it
they thought some kala mean I'm not nuts
Gregg had no time for Kalani Greg Barton
Zalman no you know I have not seen you
I'm making my way through season two of
unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt which is
terribly terribly have I talked about
Kenny spit on stream are you have not I
I have recently just discovered the UH
the unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt god it's a
fantastic show horribly funny horribly
fun horribly funny everyone in that show
is amazing agree Ellie Kemper oh shoot I
mean like it was just written for her it
must have it yeah yeah but Carol Kane no
steals every fucking scene she's in
every fucking scene she's in she steals
it yeah yeah
who's playing the other rich one I don't
know her name oh she's great from 30
rock what is her name
of course she's everyone everyone in
there is great the unbreakable Kimmy
Schmidt it's great
greatly I highly recommend watching it
if you had
whoa why can't I reload you why can't
they you couldn't scare you should
scavenge the hospital in the next town
you go into you're looking at your
health and then there should be a thing
yeah yeah what's going on oh I was I
tried to equip the rifle to reload it
cuz I don't think it's loaded at the
moment yeah and apparently I can't maybe
it oh oh I don't have any rifle bullets
nope oh I only have pistol bullets that
makes sense then flip the revolver yeah
I should go to a town and I'm nowhere
near a town
I guess this is the danger of me fucking
around and exploring loner Archon says
this tip is for rich to play dishonor
and his new computer but not stream it
because the chat will comment on how
rich is playing oh what did you die I
just died walking fatigue probably got
too high it was did you pass out and get
eaten
maybe hunger I know for my fatigue was
fine how did I die how did Jack die did
anyone I didn't I didn't eat gosh darn
it I did not want to die I think I think
your throat was getting sore oh I died I
was giving up on the voice but no I I
thought I was feeling pretty good about
that I think you were slowly losing
health oh and I forgot to eat probably
because of the flu fine all right you
take another go alright I want to I want
to figure this game out rich they love
they love damn it oh man and a special
shout-out to schmoyoho accent on the yo
the auto-tune the news guys who who did
the a theme the theme song apparently
that theme song was written by Tina
Fey's husband and but they wanted to
show you guys the schmoyoho guys to make
it the Gregory Brothers and it just like
I'll just write it will you guys make it
if I write it and give you all the
footage to make your own song and
they're like fucking course
they live dammit
it's a miracle
then females as strong as hail
definitely with the show this it could
be awfully confusing no it's gonna get
in their head and they're gonna get
familiar with the show watch I'm
breakable Kimmy ever watch the show
everyone has Netflix watch the show Jon
Hamm I just you know a name you know
he's a great he's great he's great
can we play Dark Souls 3 and never speak
in this game again no more plane and you
know what I'm figuring it out actually
continue on with voices you know you
could always just make Gregor voice I
this this time I was I was just reading
in my head just so I could keep the chat
talking but uh-oh look how far away she
is this time it's random look at these
like these are beautiful randomized maps
don't you think yeah stand up watch this
gosh you guys are so bossy I know
zombies right off the bat okay so you
can dude you can press W change your
weapon while you're in the positive just
one just one one one one zombie it's
just one time you gotta go back and I
think I'll I think it autotargets so I
guys you don't even need to click to hit
up he just hits okay
Malaya go that might be yeah and a rope
before last one I came to a lake and I
could have done some fishing if I had a
ever tried thing not yet okay what fee
fee ever consult my map I make my way
over to a small town hoping to find a
refuge a wildlife for a few jumpers my
giraffes Medusa nice cause guys wild
wolves are boarders something something
something I'm gonna go see what they
want you know what I was not gonna read
any shit I don't give a shit I'm making
a video there zombie apocalypse for
bears
wait what I'm making a video for bears
nobody cares about the Bears anymore I
kind of feel sorry for him but so I'm
gonna take a ginger a chance to get some
Baloo and I gotta fight a camera that's
my goal
I thought I saw a camera one of the
peddlers hands there's a camera in the
game I can get my one goal is to buy a
camera so I can make a video for bear
how is the hour that bears gonna pay you
right there God supermarket a gun store
to pharmacy where am i more likely to
find a camera mic a pharmacy miami
camera I'm fine it's fine
I got a first aid kit now give cheb all
that I'll take some shit
Frosch says hooray I'm writing a script
at the moment at least I would be if you
guys weren't live would you be so kind
to name a dog I'm putting it
no get your own dog is the dog named no
I've always been fond of the yogi Yogi's
a good dog named Fred dawn yeah
yogi son I saw once wasn't anybody I
knew is like on TV news story so he had
named their dog do G they spelled it out
like di Gio ie something like Oh do G do
would you do G yeah but they spell it
out no that's funny that's funny
also have you ever played this war of
mine no no I like no the dog fell like
no no come here no come here no and we
just get horribly confusing
yeah well I think that's the area is
it's more
or fucking zombies well I got him on the
head with a hammer or a shotgun I can
hit him on the head with a shotgun you
have pretty good I you know like to save
your bullets I was running out of
bullets last time well I got antibiotics
either you try bludgeoning for a while
since I've had a good bludgeoning yeah
so you need to choose your target you
can pause some choose your target and
then you just bludgeon
oh my god I can move oh how do you move
I just click where I want to go my feet
take me there when I got some kind of
built-in Auto I switched to a gun
I didn't tell me to switch to a gun I
had that same problem happen to me about
the fuck was that
oh whoa I mean we shot him was fine the
words glasses I always wanted to try
using glasses figure maybe it'll make my
vision better you have problems with
your vision right now
no it's 20/20 okay oh no Harmon my
vision big better I have that twenty
eighty that's my goal
twenty eighty twenty eighty I think
that's worse
I think that's worst vision I want 80/20
I don't know maybe I'll throw all these
antibiotics so I could pick up these
glasses I don't need that sounds like a
good idea everybody I stupid flashlight
I mean really well I need a flashlight
for this dumb or stupid right
I think so rich you should look into the
mecca Mandor games while while real time
strategy their campaign carries units
and resources between maps the pace is
not frantic the combat is deep and
there's a pilot permadeath vbq that
sounds neat I like the mech warrior
games well I said I like the first mech
warrior game you go like bars and hire
people it was neat no I mean actually
the first mech warrior where'd you know
the gameplay completely fuckin dated
okay but had a map you could go to any
stars you want it was like and it was
like a open-world game before they'd
even thought of such a thing
okay cool uh you know obviously you
didn't get to do much there but scroll
through the menus in the different
planets had but you could go to any
planet you wanted to go to and there was
a completely optional story where you
were like a prince it was framed for
murder or something
so you had the option the complete
option of tracking down like the real
killers uh-huh which should involve shit
like finding information at the right
bar will give you a clue that maybe you
would find something if you went to this
one planet then you went there
completely optional or you could just
ignore that and become a mercenary
businessman who bought and sold mechs a
lotta the original MechWarrior was
fuckin ahead of its time
interesting plotting along on this path
my own pan it's the only path I ever
take my own or not do it any other way I
see a street I say fuck that I'm walking
through the woods are you saying you
walk the road less traveled I'm
traveling I make my own damn road I'm
gonna be less traveled if it's never
been traveled before I'll make no
expense line my own business but I can't
help but feel the general sense of
unease well her and I don't see any
runners around too bad I'm hungry
well I wrote the terrain for miles Yatta
Yatta oh yeah someone spying on me I
guess because that's what the text says
oh look I could shoot a duck wait wait I
could shoot our duck it's two very
different things
there's a swarm of crows flying straight
towards you well duck don't like crow I
only like eating ducks the diet right
hard to find ducks now though my old
ponds full of zombies wait I had a pond
yeah ducks
I built the duck pond so I could eat the
ducks
a little sign in the ponds and three
ducks eat duck supply and I'd eat the
duck the sign was for the Ducks yeah
well I need a sign that says free seed
for free ducks eat it's called bait
t-shape throw myself on the down the
ground say very still hoping that the
crows won't attack me
fortunately they lose interest rather
quickly the dark the crows that he's
toying with me I don't know they've
grown intelligence and decided to be
merciful that makes sense
well in case I'm glad to leave I'm
molested by crows there's the thesaurus
again ever since that incident with
heckle and Jekyll Jekyll I feel like the
crows want their revenge what oh it did
you have an unsavory runnin with heckle
and Jeckle I molested them
I'm covered up studio everyone Ataris
heckle and Jeckle Zimmer you got you got
to eat
yeah yeah rest one of these days - right
here I gotta find a bed come across site
of a large road traffic accident large
numbers wrecked vehicles and tree
falling clogging the road ahead gotta
find some way past it squeeze through
some of the wrecked vehicles climb over
a fallen tree or go round through the
forest it sounds like it's trimmed
squeeze to the wreck feel it sounds like
an extremely dumb idea let's go for it
look who would I like to lead me through
the wreckage we Greg Wilson today you
made the correct choice
all right Gregory Wilson okay I moved
through the cars I bumped into a car -
arm to set off an alarm yeah I got
through without injury an old fuck yeah
whatever I'm fine everything's fine
better sleep you can you can rest even
in a risky zone and then there's a Zomba
meter so like if the growls grow too
high then they come
so you have to kind of like bounce that
with your fatigue which is you know
everything's fine like I said would be
oh my god go to that house have you been
to the city on what city through the
city of fuck - I wonder if I gotta go
here I thought oh it's completely out of
my fucking way you know I don't know
where you're going you're on that one
oh whatever simple things confuse me why
I gotta complicate everything I feel
like you can keep track of my special
brain only likes things that are
extremely confusing convoluted well I
built a Rube Goldberg machine to make my
toast we're grateful the squirrel died
little squirrel on a hamster wheel I
want to put on a hamster wheel it's a
squirrel I had to build a squirrel wheel
they might fit in a hamster wheel you
know those are pretty pre-made you know
it's a hamster wheel only a hamster can
used it it's why they passed the law I
come from North Carolina crazy faggoty
attract my attention just over a rise in
the road I spot a man sitting down when
I move closer but suddenly halt
I realize that past the bump the roads
completely lined but small sharp wooden
stakes I was make any sense
Canty wooden snake hey what kind of bird
grill is this it's a frog I would not
recommend giving them a large tip no not
all here's my tip go fuck yourself get
me a real steak I wanted cow not only at
men's bodies but impelled by the stakes
at several places feet hands
buttocks so
in the buttocks just looking at the pain
of the man's making me cringe trying to
lift the man out put the man out of it
you know what I need a new bump and this
man seems suitably damaged carefully
avoiding sharp stakes and creep over the
man to try my best lift them up fashion
it's not prolonged paint any more
necessary he screams and currently in my
ear during my attempt causing me a
waiver my badge keep steady and leave
field spikes the curse me after putting
them down I were to share amount of
buddies losing there's no way he'll
survive for long maze will just hasten
the man's death a banshee said wherever
ripping up the man's clothes I do my
best for makeshift tourniquets trying to
stem the bleeding
I doubt it's anywhere near enough save
the poor side was employed wasted
anymore yeah yeah whatever do you think
you're pretty good at making turn
acquits I can't improv that nothing came
to mind and it's been too long
I have to move on Tom Wilson breaking
that fourth wall right down I'm thinking
maybe something like like a chef I used
to me some kind of torque shift and I
made Turkic wets I don't know I was
stupid though right I didn't use that
one why do I shoot this zombie
every time you click it research the
finally don't put that okay out rifle
bullet just blowing one burn
I mean take it well I gotta you say I
don't know if you take it it doesn't go
in your thing you can just click on
referable it and it does yeah I needed
this anyway great what hunger fills up
fast I think it feels in full yeah
that's weird
yeah armed soldiers Yatta Yatta move on
well this might be important I'm
actually gonna read this right yes okay
its product with armed soldiers marching
and run towards you my church
okay okay look at that yeah you know
what that was but a world building Italy
or something down the line gonna set up
set you right up I'll come down or
something what what you gotta you gotta
fuck I gotta get I'm looking for a safe
zone older man in his underwear who
looks suspiciously like maze clumsily
walking around the road seems as he has
no idea where it is and I get the
feeling I'm looking into a mirror I may
as well ask myself if I'm lost where I
could ask me where my clothes are where
are my clothes that's someone else's
voice killed him
gotta get to that stupid apartment bully
oh oh shit I forgot to sleep fuckin I'm
doing it now yeah yeah yeah it's fine
Ronald stay away from the Katy Perry's
wait up
zombies oh shit well exactly the kind of
situation I don't want to find a zombie
oh nice
got a watch huh
I got a watch you got a watch very
important to keep time right now very
important you oh I know what it's supper
time you got to eat speaking of supper
time put that out there
instantly alerted by a large volume of
gunfire ahead on the role-playing on a
host to my weapon the small group of
survivors run past you and he had a
large horde bearing down on him oh great
now I got to fight some more zombies or
in a couple oh yeah
that just I played there was a smart
move there
for zombies one ring I can only eat so
much where I gonna where I get too full
of myself no that's not right
oh shit no I'm not there anymore yeah
the zombies come back
oh that makes you leave the area you
were going to give 19 boys this is what
I do that's it I said oh oh you fleet
again well guess what behind me you can
get your hammer and hit him I'm a coward
all right how do you think I live this
long I used to run a wildlife preserve
I'm not prepared for this shit live to
do with wild animals all the time what
do you think I kept trying to make
videos so they would shut up leave me
alone I like that you just have to
pretend that the animals owed you money
last time rattled me money didn't go so
well for you or the animal for me okay
never paid me back Oh
gave me enough money he start up as his
bar he's out of a nice little bar cute
little cute little chipmunk the hottest
hottest the hottest and destination in
New Orleans never paid me back was it I
heard a low charge and get my money back
but then he then he suffocated outside
of the ocean you saw that coming
Sawyer Cohen I could tell just a mile
away just a mile away I saw that coming
Jebus Jebus H Christmas I thought I
thought he was gonna go for a
Chippendales joke - he went oh you went
do a shark thing it was crazy fuck yeah
I want a crowbar your hammer does six
damage from our does five damage hammer
has a 10% attack delay you know maybe
hit faster hit chance - wasn't - five
that's five my it's ten and the same
attack - it that's worse than right
that's definitely worse a chance
modifier negative attacks later I think
about it's worse I don't I think it's
worse than your hammer yes that that
goes against everything I thought would
have been true about a crowbar Hammers
got a nice blonde head
yeah well she think we making hard her
day like score a proper hit crowbar he
just hit up with some part of the
crowbar I suppose but then you know you
know you could be hitting it on a weak
spot it's like a hammer
if you hit with the hammer it's hard
true it's just yes yeah if you had like
you know maybe you get rid of the rope
or the watch and bring it along so you
could sell it but maybe this road
what's the watch yeah you don't need to
watch carry to the watch pick up the
crowbar what's worth more to sell do you
think the large is such an oddball thing
I'm gonna hold on to it okay that's cool
yep
it's just one
you could take that out
Rotter of Rotter
the nice shotgun stop yeah sorry I
didn't I think I thought you were
what happens if you click on the watch
right now no okay I just didn't know if
it like went into a special inventory
that we didn't know about this is the
this is our third run and we found a
crowbar half-life 3 confirmed you are
absolutely correct
no half-life 3 not confirmed there's
never gonna be a third there's never
gonna be one I'm sorry probably know we
just jinxed it in fact they're there
waiting they're waiting for 24 hours to
go by when no one mentions half-life 3
and if no one mentions half-life 3 and
24 straight hours on the Internet
they will release it and they've been
waiting for this long because everyone
mentions it every single day yeah
why didn't I why don't I get rid of the
old revolver well I don't have a new
revolver I don't believe and I've got a
shitload of bullets for the revolver and
my character has the the skill level in
revolvers is expert yes I'm like
shotguns which is just intermediate hmm
yeah hold on to your followers and I'm
pretty like weapons you can sell come
across to men pointing pistols at each
other where is it you thief
my knives drop your gun for I add
another hole your body calm a situation
or do not interfere where shoot both men
and eat their food I wanna shoot both
matter eat their food is unacceptable
what do you think I'm a sucker for
getting more members to the party maybe
I'd get them to help me make my bear
video doesn't you know you need someone
to hold the camera and a microphone so
look look guys that argument got an idea
right well I'm looking for a camera
I need a VHS camera uh-huh he stole my
backpack and he took all my food you
don't stole from my you shot the bank my
kid hadn't eaten in three days so I
won't let murderer get away with it he's
lying he don't even have
kid oh god damn but when all I'm in a
pickle here here's the thing Williams
said that he got shot in the back so
Williams already damaged goods side with
Eric and you won't have someone with a
hole in their back no I'm gonna wait
wait wait who's William shot in the back
that's what he said well I'm gonna shy
but with William so that after we murder
Eric I could easily overpower William oh
okay so I'm gonna side with William all
right word I got a chest say anything
William shoots
Eric in the head good why not have a kid
oh my not happen was this you of his
mind I might not have a kid Lee doesn't
need that food anymore
now get loud I see I was right all right
all right
Gandhi yeah hey that's a shotgun rest of
you again
what's the rules look at them chances
here it's not loaded
oh and you don't have any bullets you
don't have any shotguns oh okay okay
oh do you have a new nice
totally worth him food shotgun shells
umm I need a second shotgun always said
you can't have too many shotguns you
can't have too many condoms or too many
shotguns I wonder why she something
about the condoms hurt my feelings every
time I think she was trying to tell me
something I just I love a game in which
you have to say to yourself do I need a
second shotgun that's great
I mean sell you know you can sell them I
want to do real shotguns I want a beer
I'm gonna be a zombie killing machine I
want a boat like a shotgun
what am I fuckin cannon I want to build
like a thing that's got like a ring of
shotguns and they spin around as it's
like it automatically cocks the shotgun
but Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam but they're all
shotgun blasts that's my weapon
invention that's great so I need to find
let's see six more shotguns I could
probably sell a shotgun for more than I
can sell a rope or or II I mean you have
enough bullets where I mean you never
yeah you don't want to get rid of you're
not getting rid of the revolve of your
hammer is what I'm saying yeah you never
want to get rid of your hammer the rope
sounds like it's something potentially
useful in the future it could be one of
those like blue yeah menu items but you
know we're going the distance here so
you might need to sell stuff to get
credits well I don't know the shotguns
being worth that much more or less
I I would say lose the rope but that's
me don't you tell me what to do with my
rope how else am I gonna auto-erotic li
officiate myself I like a dreamer T
cases you need condoms for the dick
punch gun it's what it is it's it's a
gun with a mechanical arm that just
comes out and goes Moochie this it's a
secret melee weapon they think you're
pointing a gun at them you pull the
trigger
little boxing glove comes out and
punches him right in the dick get in
touch with my people will get moving on
that on the dick punch go I want 12
percent so for set of what the dick
punch gun profits what do you think your
moron plug the punches I don't know what
I was thinking I'll be read all this
shit rarely I got our ex-wife I don't
know I don't remember being married but
I don't remember much about that trip to
Vegas I just know I came home with a
divorce papers and a wildlife preserve
deed so this is the best secure with it
there's a man isn't me man that's right
there's a man here yeah I'm gonna shoot
him okay just shoot him again
on the road again gonna take a nap on
the road again you know what that's true
Tim right now we have some good options
for movies there's Keano
there's Civil War nice guys there's a
lot of good out in the theaters right
now
I can only assume I haven't seen
anything I want to see all of them
sitting in City
yeah you need to you need to sell some
shit
what do we need what do I need most in
life like right now you're kind of good
on everything I could say I would say
some more bullets probably the ones I'm
thinking but also you just need to get
rid of shit like you have you have too
much stuff in your inventory you need to
find a place to sell but yeah bullets if
you can find some bullets you'd be you'd
be good you should be good
ah
Titus Oh feels let's hey guys of all of
the oh you made two of all the unique
indie games you played on stream which
one do you think is most deserving of a
sequel oh shit is more than I thought oh
Jesus
Oh your shotgun
well yeah why the fuck not no this is if
this is the way it is
I auditioned for the role of curling in
the Three Stooges movie I said it was
too dumb
and trying to see if you get hit it all
when you go past them I know if you are
like taking any game no and you can
reload while walking
I'm totally choosing this you're totally
choosing this I mean but I think that's
the correct way to do it
who you might
you can reload while walking I just wish
I could to to do is left
whoa shotgun shells shotgun shells and a
bandage nice
that was Xi's tacular rich thank you
she's tacular or what do I need what is
best in life you know maybe the
apartments we did we did not search
those before that's right we use all of
our remaining pistol ammo to survive the
encounter from scavenging for ammo but
we did get a ton of shotgun shells which
we are about to use right now
weapon Jim OH
Jesus
cheese and crackers
the oh you know you get like a little
stunt bonus
4% jammed potential jams on the first
use yep that's ex-con baby
Oh some food rations a boycott you're
the space for it so I'm not well there
you go
there go all of our bullets most of our
bullets
shit happens jack shit does happen rich
can you think of an indie game that you
would like to see a sequel to top of my
head but I'm coming in the middle of
shit got riches in the middle shit
well riches in the middle shit it is
time I keep missing these near 50%
chances and it's very annoying
this time it's time to senator plus I
don't understand how by calculating this
shit
maybe you don't understand how their
contract
shovel yeah shovel knight could use a
sequel that would be fun
just a good game shovel Knight I like
that answer
Tim that's a good answer I like shovel
and a lot like a lot of the fun baby
games we played our meets as kind of
like one-trick ponies I'd love to see
more done with that easier daddy game
that was just that was insane fun and I
would just like to see that expanded on
and finish tech start working on it
exactly so it's like I don't want a
sequel to that I just want to see that
finish
you know I could have gone a lot worse
you didn't lose any health you're pretty
fatigued oh oh wait can you use an
estimate if even I don't need to know it
only heals one HP let's set him in a
different I don't shit your pants too
that would be great and yeah it'll ninja
it looks like he like he's getting
pretty good at cheesing now that he's
using his melee weapon though he is
getting fatigued really fast so even
even with cheesing like this like he can
kill all the enemies but he's gonna run
out of energy and eventually Oh
eventually die still
Oh
music cheese and crackers oh I forgot to
stand up at standoff time
I got the stand up message and then I
got a text message as well and I ran
shit
searching for a safe space not gonna
happen
they think I'm kind of fucked cuz you're
in the city you can't find a safe space
while fleeing oh you lost a rifle one
yeah you got to leave the city man
scavenging he took too long
get and shut the front door
okay I will give this a shot hey where
were you
is this game fun I'm I'm starting I'm
starting to understand it I'm starting
to get it
I don't know if it's fun
but bitch he should have rested rich
should have rested absolutely and so the
journey ends Greg is dead
can we change our name autotargeting off
I want our auto targeting one we need
the ability to change your name I don't
know if I'm hip
well you know like sometimes sometimes
games like this where you learn through
failure sometimes it doesn't start off
as fun but you grow to appreciate it FTL
is not necessarily fun at first I mean
you know you're in space they're in
space
spaces to space the fighter for sure
these are the storage space doors when
we're in space the stories we tell when
we are in space - space stories
fish
have you caught up on these are there
more they're more what was the last one
you read did you read this one no I
didn't read that one
sherry said sorry Shen says here's for
the Phoenix right HD trilogy on the 3ds
eshop hey just sharing love don't forget
to download it soon don't forget don't
forget to download it soon got a hell
that got a head out now see it okay well
yeah thank you sorry I will download
that as soon as I get home thank you we
will we should play some Phoenix right I
feel like that's like just one of those
games that everyone needs to play I'm
fine with that
okay I've no I don't really know much
about it at all so you're you're a
lawyer and you need to like through like
looking at evidence and and conversation
branches have to figure out if people
lied or not
so any of the chat saying what if you
get to see the whole map and ft all at
once by the way this isn't the whole map
this is one of three right
Oh Oh a little little glitch little
glitch
okay
okay okay great yeah see look he at like
here's the map which is yes giant
compared to FTL like seeing the whole ft
on that but this is one of three this is
crazy
this is absolutely on the same take a
long way I like I like I like exploring
these little these uh these these little
pass I'm gonna stay away from the city
because that's where Richard died I stay
away from the city as much as we can
just walking in the forest
there's bushcrafter the chance talking
about a scary game SCP game and
somewhere in the dark warehouse scary
that was a new doom game she'd go for
that toner an atmosphere somehow no doom
isn't about being afraid
dooms about having a shotgun and
shooting demons in the face dude wasn't
about being afraid
doom was about heavy fucking metal they
ripped off Metallica for the soundtrack
for a reason goddammit spend your
credits and OH
dude was about being the the lone Space
Marine and the scary demon infested base
and saying fuck that I'm gonna kick all
your asses and care of your demons fuck
you Satan
that's doom fuck you Satan this doom is
exactly about fuck you say that's the
plot of doom yeah fuck you Satan i'ma
shoot you in the face I could be down
with that
Jack why the fuck did you buy a Kindle I
didn't buy a Kindle I sold a candle
I sold a candle and bought a ring and a
key
I got a candle from a dead guy I sold
that candle and I got a key in a ring
when Don says bitch she brought Hellfire
to a gunfight he gets that's doomed
that's why I do ms kind of boring Oh God
you probably like quantum break too
have you ever played Ratchet and Clank
no because that kind of came out around
the time I was done with that style of
platformer or at least the style of
platformer that game looked like it was
tried to be there's a movie coming up
yep a Ratchet and Clank movie yep
you know what I always liked the idea
like oh you like you you know you're a
guy and you have a little robot friend I
thought that was a neat idea I've also
never played a Ratchet and Clank game
because I think I was too old fatigue
can I rest here
yeah that's rest I just killed a bunch
of zombies it'll be fine turtle DeWine
says I'm sorry guys what was the name of
that Detective game Phoenix something
Phoenix Wright Ace Attorney and you play
an attorney I don't know if it's a
detective game
but maybe there is giving the only thing
I know about Phoenix right is object
shouldn't exactly that's all I know
about it it's all I need to know that's
all you need to know Ridge i did see
that i did see i see i see what you're
posting tired and sad of the flash movie
the flash movie lost its director due to
stress from warner brothers
warner brothers has agreed to give ben
affleck complete fucking creative
control of the DC universe of his batman
movie oh yeah but you know but they've
no they are notorious meddlers but the
owed Affleck wants to make a movie fine
make people seem to like the Batman yeah
flat flash is losing his director there
reshooting Suicide Squad there
reshooting Wonder Woman stuff they're so
fucked
they are so fucked I don't have any
immediate plans to play the Mad Max game
on stream again not not to say I will
never play the game again but I don't
know as much value and streaming it at
this point
uh-huh did it get old for you I mean
we've we've had to move on it's not the
most innovative game ever and Leafs
traded a couple times two or three times
yeah
there's probably more exciting things
the street yeah I like you know I like
new stuff come on get on with the hammer
shucking chef and a rest
they added to suicide squad not
reshooting how do you know why would you
trust their PR department that some
reshoots they've they've added like
their they have they're digging around
with it how they have a shot material
that they did not intend to originally
shoot after the reactions of Batman
versus Superman do you guys not care
about Game of Thrones spoilers well
don't do it because I'm assuming a lot
of people in the chat do but me
personally no I don't give a damn it's
it sounds like a depressing show where
everybody you care about dies constantly
chaos but the Mad Max game based on our
recommendations I'm glad you're happy
with it I'm not saying it's a terrible
game I'm just saying isn't that much
value when screaming it but it's it's
it's not a fresh game anymore and we've
already streamed it a few times
unless that we're trying to do something
exciting like an O death run no I don't
know that'd probably be a bit long for
an O death
Billu
wait
try the cheese it strategy seemed to
work for you
the riddle of Steel says how much I
gotta bribed you to play more Oregon
Trail or Phoenix right or sunless sea or
any roguelike instead there's only so
many Conan tangents I can pay for we
will definitely play we have both said
we really want to play Phoenix right now
tonight because we don't have it with us
but uh is the what's going on are you
guys condemning this game I don't know
if they like this game um I'm kind of
getting into it now that I'm
understanding how to play I think I've
had my fill
okay well what wait till I'm done with
this run and then then we can move on we
can we'll play another game tonight I
don't have to you want to you want to
keep playing this - you're blue in the
face jack I don't give a shit
people some people in the chatter saying
I like it so like anything some people
like it some people don't
of course thank you say I need to
pronounce this right z AO dai sow die
za o sow by the right za oh yeah da why
Dai Saudi Saudi thank you you know what
it is so Dave news out day get up out of
that Dane I'm just gonna say sound Ames
out there that's wrong I apologize it
says hey guys love the love the cut on a
way to that oh my god I look wait til
it's over
hey guys love the content you put out
use this money to get a decent steak
dinner sometime
you don't like steak for some reason
then use it to recruit more pimps and
pushers I guess we will do that Saturday
oh speaking of actually how is the oh my
god volume yes this this oh my god we
did not do the OBS mixer I finally
remembered we did not do the Genki way
we did I finally remembered to
reconfigure the original oh my god
volume let us know if it's okay if it's
an OK volume and if we can keep it or if
we need to move on
volume is good the real van says oh I'm
just brain-dead okay it's perfect okay
good good I'm gonna take it's perfect
the real van says rich if you are
uninterested in Game of Thrones because
of unsympathetic characters why do you
like zombie games zombie movies slash
games what all they have are
unsympathetic characters and I'm not
dissing zombies as a fair point I mean I
figure what they say myself it's more
important to have an interesting
character then a an interesting
protagonist than a likeable protagonist
you know I mean nothing wrong with
having a likeable interesting
protagonist but like like house house is
a prick yeah and house is very enjoyable
too
watch it is but you know I think
normally like in zombie movies there is
like the protagonist themselves might
not be interesting but they're in an
interesting situation mm-hmm and you
know like the the love the moral
dilemmas yeah that that come across in
zombie type situations that I just don't
I just I I just don't care about the
world of Game of Thrones and I'm very
sorry I don't I don't have HBO I don't
really feel like getting it for one show
that I don't know that much about other
people say are good but doesn't mean
anything to me and whenever I hear about
Game of Thrones it's people are upset
because the character they like has been
murdered and that seems like a
frustrating experience more than a
pleasurable one but what do I know

[Part II]
I know rich but through a series of
event of clicking events here I may have
a zombie vaccine huh do I use the
vaccine or deliver the vaccine to the
proper authorities
where's take it with you okay great I
should probably get rid of this
bobblehead where was where was the
ticket with you for when you find out
that your son has been bitten well this
just takes it with me okay and I can use
it at any time okay that's the
interesting turtle the Y says rich do
you recommend any good turn-based
strategy game I can get on Steam that's
common that Wild West game have been
played to death um not off the top of my
head not on the top of my head I know
other people will recommend things I've
heard a lot of people say Shadowrun is
good but I haven't gotten around to
trying that one yet so maybe she had a
run look into it and somebody in the
chat it scrolled up a while ago and I'm
gonna go look I don't remember who said
this was saying rich doesn't like a
moody doom he should play doom 64 doom
64 is good at being Moody and and being
true to dooms gameplay I I never said
doom couldn't be Moody I just said what
I'm saying is that fear and moodiness
should never supersede I'm kicking ass
there there are some core elements to
things that make that thing great yeah
and part of what makes doom great is I'm
kicking ass there's some moodiness sure
whatever said no moodiness but kicking
ass but when you think of doom you think
about yes that's that's the core of doom
your your completely isolated it all
alone in a Space Station very far away
from Earth nope but it doesn't supersede
you've got a fucking shotgun and you're
gonna take care of business
yes if you want to add some moodiness
and some atmosphere on top of that
that's fine also turtle wise it's not
quite like XCOM but it is turn-based and
it is tactical invisible ink invisible
ink
focuses on stealth though imagine X come
done as a stealth again it's it's good
if you're looking for something XCOM
esque it's it's it's it's definitely not
the same kind of tactics that they have
an X come but that's a good suggestion
yeah that's really good I think it's a
good suggestion looking at look into
invisible ink
Oh
yes ninja Jarrod invisible ink is a very
clever name
very clever game name very clever name
oh yeah in like like disappearing ink
invisible ink stealth game invisible
incorporated yeah that's great
the riddle of Steel says what about
event horizon tensions warp-speed
through hell and demons
how would Picard react to an event
horizon situation
what about Kirk what about Wesley
Crusher hint he dies the riddle of steel
is just desperate to have his talk about
something else and sometimes these
things need to happen organic how would
how would Picard handle event horizon
he'd probably die
maybe data could figure a way out of it
you had to use that data crush crunch
that crush the movies thought it was a
crush mmm the way they were focusing on
the card in data but it's definitely a
crutch if I were a card I would say data
finding some way out of this mess with
your science brain and David would do it
I've talked about before how event
horizon is essentially ripping doom off
and I'm assuming that's why event
horizon came up we're talking on doom
hey I got a friend oh you oh you have an
ally finally got a friend great about
fucking time I'm really happy that I got
a friend I had to kill a couple guys to
get a friend but I got this is Sten you
cannot change character names that's
dumb
there's got to be a way we just don't
know what right click is that the
character tab there's that the inventory
tab character tab that's dumb no that's
really dumb I think so
good place to rest kind of need to rest
oh look now one person in your group can
rest while the other watches guard
all right let's keep on keepin on how
does the how does it over how combat
works I guess you haven't fought anybody
with the other guy yet uh crispy
Friedman I have not gotten anybody's
doom level so if not has not made its
way to me and I don't necessarily care
about doom crispy-fried men not Friedman
and so if you sent it to the prereq
email it's quite possible that I saw the
email and disregarded it because I don't
care about doom
I might have forwarded it on the rich I
might not have depends on where you sent
it
Tim salmon says rich Jack I'd love to
see you 2 plus J tackle the original
Resident Evil game this Halloween now
that would be an entertaining stream
horrible dialogue and shooting zombies
can't lose then we have a plan for
Halloween we're gonna do what for what
following this somebody's suggesting we
do with the original Resident Evil I
mean you know Halloween I have a
shit-ton whole board games and really
for all of October I would love to just
do that or you know like maybe every
Wednesday like I just have so many
horror board games that I'd love to play
mm-hmm mostly because they're pretty fun
but tired and sad says hey guys PayPal
sucks anywho how would you solve the
crisis with DC's films I would solve the
crisis by having a crisis and just
rebooting the whole thing immediately
hey I don't know I don't think we need
anything we need it what the DC though
yeah we've already got the Marvel
fucking Cinematic Universe I think we
need another superhero cinematic
universe I think it's it's so much
simpler than then people people are
thinking way too much about this you
know you don't need it well you know you
don't need an interconnected decent
universe 1 did you make a good Superman
you don't need an interconnected DC
Universe but all you really need is
someone who fucking cares about the
characters to make the movie mm-hm
that's it Kevin
say gee if I'm pronouncing his name
correctly the producer of the Marvel
Cinematic Universe now the head of
Marvel Studios is a super fanboys fanboy
and understands the characters well and
had a plan from the get-go he put it all
together
he put directors in place who would make
the movie that he saw yeah
you need someone like that on the DC
side who is willing to stand up for his
creative beliefs - Warner Brothers we
want to medal who want to fuck things up
then you need to give it to directors
who care about the fucking heroes
I saw a rumor yeah I saw a rumor on the
Internet and I cannot confirm nor deny
this that spider-man in Civil War has
more dialogue than Superman had in dawn
of justice I can see it I could see it
they didn't give a shit about Superman
cuz they put someone in charge of the
Superman movie who doesn't care about
Superman so all literally all you need
Kevin yeah Kevin page me that's what his
name's all you need is someone who gives
a shit about those characters and friend
they cannot find someone who will do
exactly what they want and give a shit
about the characters here's here's the
thing okay you know why in part
partially why the Marvel Cinematic
Universe works because Marvel has always
been the Marvel Universe marvel's thing
back in the day was strong continuity
characters who would frequently interact
with each other and spider-man could
find a Fantastic Four villain and vice
versa and these things were always super
linked and connected DC never gave a
shit about continuity to the point where
they they wipe it out every few years
because it's not working they never
really did quite get it right and the DC
Universe as a as an interconnected
universe never meant anything
and I'm sure there's a DC fans just you
forgiving I'm glad you enjoyed it in the
comics but the creator's did that's why
they keep rebooting it
that Vaes voices recently new viewer of
the stream here ever played the Mass
Effect series you know this person is
full of shit if so did you did you piss
you off as much as the rest of us you
guys are great fun rich Evans is a gift
to humanity keep it up I know you're
doing a bit I know it I know it and if
you're being sincere the chat can fill
you in
so otherwise says remember original
movies midnight special was super
original John J aw n jaunt I don't know
like a like a goofy spelling or this
Micah jwn and living - I don't know the
ending wasn't super but I appreciated it
as long as Michael Bay doesn't make it
I'm pretty cool okay poke Alex in the
ISIS ever wish you didn't make movie
reviews so you didn't have to see things
like Batman V Superman and you more
tired talking about DC or Star Wars I'm
more tired talking about Stein Wars Star
Wars but I've never been a seem that
people you need soldiers I've never been
a huge Star Wars guy when I was young I
what it was just the original movies I
love Star Wars just fine when it was
when it was a new hope Empire and Jedi
Star Wars was the tenth so they make TIE
fighter game that was great and then
they started coming out those novels
Jenna Jenna Jenna Jenna is that this
Jedi force force wank force waking all
over that force force all force Jedi
vampires Jedi witches for salamanders
and fuck it all the health there were
for Salomon and if Star Wars were just
the three movies and I guess the new
ones
I would love it as it is I don't like a
lot of things that people love about
Star Wars like I hate the force in the
Jedi lightsabers are okay buddy
completely impractical
give me spaceships give me space pirates
Han Solo's fucking amazing yeah Luke
Skywalker less so the real Vance's Jack
here's another horeb or game suggestion
fury of Dracula one person plays Dracula
okay whose moves and actions are secret
and everyone else plays hunters who run
around Europe looking for him the verb
Eliezer says hmm I said you guys VCR
clue 1983 would you play it I don't know
you know I'm assuming it's some kind of
a Visia of the we might be able to I'm
just trying to think of a technical
setup it would be hard to set up
yeah and if we're in astray of a board
game it's gonna be a board game I'm
interested in okay
oh you're interested we're interested in
okay somebody do something somebody
cares about rather than what is this
let's find out that could be fun maybe
science ad says rich would you say that
quick for was the best combination of
dark moodiness and action game playing
I'm not as hung up on the moodiness as
you are um yeah no I think 24 is great
except for the shitty ending III don't
even mind Doom 3 and that was fairly
moody
I like doom three I'm just saying doom
isn't primarily primarily is the key
word here Moody
rich do you have a favorite doom level
what were you shoot all the monsters
well you know what this this kind of
goes to the whole to the whole who what
would you do with DC Universe right okay
the there is a base that makes doom doom
like for example if they made a Super
Mario game that wasn't about jumping
around on shit obviously they made like
Paper Mario that was an RPG about the
characters they've made other like Mario
games but like a base Super Mario game
that wasn't about jumping around on shit
that wasn't a platformer something would
be incredibly wrong right doom
you go around in the shoot shit Superman
is a good guy who saves people yeah we
think we talked about this you know
we've talked about this several times
but it's like you just have to
understand what makes the base character
work get a director who understands get
a producer who understands and make it
happen don't try to go already
experimental bullshit on it don't go
minimalist Bryan Singer Superman
don't go nihilist Zack Snyder Superman
like ya have someone who understands the
fucking base of it
I like doing three Samia chat say even
though two three was more about scary
and less so about kicking ass it's not
my favorite doomed game and there was
enough kicking ass in there for me you
people in your it's got to be one
extreme or the other it's only it's only
a via only a or b only A or B
Tim salmon says and I think I think he's
trying to prove a point about me saying
I'm not as sick I'm talking about the DC
Universe I think it's just trying to
make a point
rich Jack by the way speaking of Warner
Brothers did you see the trailer for
Batman The Killing Joke what did you
think if so we saw that on Sunday Jack
thinks the animation looks terrible I
think it's fine
I think the animation looks really bad
and at the end of the day all I really
care about is hearing Mark Hamill and
Kevin Conroy performed The Killing Joke
yeah I know but a cartoon a comic book
it's half story and half performance and
part of that performance is the
animation or the drawing what looks bad
about it it looks like J it looks cheap
it looks like 1980s style comic book art
the art looks fine the animation okay G
the art is fine it's a little 1980s
comic book of art the animation looks
cheap as hell see I thought you're just
talking about the look you know it's not
my favorite like it you know I would
like a little more depth but I can
understand that they're making it look
like the comic book no just like the way
characters moved it looked incredibly
cheap
throw the wisest John plural John's
slang chiefly Philadelphia something any
object place or thing sorry it slips
when I talk did you hear a new dread may
come out that would be badass hmm it
just means anything basically um I will
read these later I need to make my leave
for a bit I'll be back
nothing is happening
yeah rich is just leaving nothing weird
is happening just me playing the zombie
game by myself
everything's gonna be fine
here we go
John is it is like a thing I've just
never heard John before like a jump
you read me
all right hey we got another teammates
this is great except we the only bad
thing is that
we're gonna run out of food we're gonna
run out of food real fast
yeah the the choices I agree the that's
BAE boy like it's it seems like the
choices are not well or the way they
were the choices aren't very well
thought-out like I just wanted to ask
the sheriff about him and then all of a
sudden like I have to free him I didn't
need to take him on my journey but like
I could have asked the sheriff about him
and then decided if I wanted to free him
that would have been nice it would have
been nice to have a little more some
more choices okay what can we give
elegant here we'll give him a crowbar in
the crowbar
you can that's why Hand Grenade it's
nice to have another person who just a
carry shit we need to find
well it's a good liar Kanak shotgun
expert oh I should give him the shotgun
laughing really
he's a shotgun specialist not garish and
Stan's got that baseball bat it's pretty
good what is Stan
yeah it's a good liar that's come up
before we've had to like convince
someone of something so that'll be
interesting all right let's uh let's
head out
if I ever played the original killer
instinct arcade if not then I highly
recommend you check it out
I don't know I there was that there was
a time I played a lot of arcade games
but I don't know
hi I'm Jai's kidney he does have the
targa name I think I gave him a target
right oh yeah yeah I give it a try Henry
okay keep on keepin on we're loggin
they've been there but a broken earpiece
piercing beeps can be heard going off
within a few seconds of each other car
alarm is going off not too far from here
a figure can be seen inside with several
infected beating and pounding on the
village
no just the bottom it was a biter
one damn biters yeah moving closer to
Chloe we got out we got to move on cuz
we're gonna we're just gonna straight-up
run out of food and we need a city
someone is going to die of hunger
oh hey we've been in this one before
aside with Eric
all right
ah we did good I guess
Eliott stay awake guard the situation
we're gonna have people die of hunger
yeah I know I know we need food
we need food yeah I know you're hungry I
see that you're hungry I see that you're
fatigued hungry and fatigued as soon as
you pass through who cares hey you sure
food eat eat eat eat eat fuck yeah
fuck yeah eat eat Oh Stan I wanted you
to rest too
oh well then there doesn't matter we got
some food we got some fucking food good
okay great everything's great
what I know we need rich I need we need
someone to talk to you guys while
playing is that the zombie knows that is
the zombie noise
a few weeks ago I saw a movie on demand
called the virtual assassin afterwards I
thought it seriously needed to be the
best of the worst contender sent yes
obviously send us a copy virtual
assassin sounds great sounds
nicely done I'd say to myself ah loads
it up rest here migrate stay awake
we go here we go okay that seemed to
work out great nope
I got no extra food keep moving we are
getting closer and closer to Khloe's
house we need food so bad
travel
a wild dog if you here's you approaching
them begins to growl and bark it seems
to be injured badly I notice is the
ass Beckett
well way-hey
but you put that shotgun away sonny jim
a develops pistol bullets
cut me some pistol blitz
mr. blips
he
wait
great everything is great we're doing
great against the zombie apocalypse I
feel like we're doing great
okay
you know we have a hunger and fatigue
situation
are you just gonna die Elliot's dead
sorry Elliot I'm gonna need that shotgun
just you know
a few weapons we got you know take that
crowbar back you could hold onto that
blanket
you can hold under the blanket
hide everybody rests
everybody rests
get a little shut-eye
gansan away my hunger pains chef filling
the feet my stomach don't hurt kind of
like Jesus but not in a sacrilegious
we have a hunger situation yep I do have
two team members now though that's my
hungers the situation yep there is a
Gordon question is there ever a time you
want to validate a fans opinion or is it
better to stay neutral as so not to
offend anyone
regards to what anything have you have
you guys ever listened to us we are not
neutral about anything
we are never neutral if it's a fan
opinion on the thing you're completely
welcome to counter it with your personal
opinion of calm the thing at any time of
course of course and if they can't deal
with the fact that you have a different
opinion on the Captain America movie
they have issues now it might be
different if you're talking about like
politics or something but sure fan stuff
say whatever the fuck you want right
yeah like I try not we you know we try
not to be like super political because
we know that's like a personal thing and
we're not necessarily qualified like we
can talk about our opinions but we try
to stay away from it just because like
yeah this is an entertaining Channel
we're not here to talk about politics
we're not here livestream politics I'm
trying the that Chloe's apartment and
I'm trying to diplomatic approach oh
just because we've never done it before
by the way but we caught up here
No you've read any of these no I've been
playing okay that's fine I just want to
know so I know what to read I've been
playing the blue blaze says hey rich
since you don't like the forest and Star
Wars
have you tried Star Wars The Old
Republic it's by our MMO where four to
eight people 8:48 playable classes and
their stories don't use the Force well I
don't like mmo's either so no hum tardy
since I'd like to recommend game called
mount and blade warband great first read
stream it drops you in medieval times as
a nobody and you can do whatever no
story at all you can rise up or just
roam hmm sounds neat Zac's cabin is on
the third map have you ever noticed that
I wonder if it's random every time
fucking hell what do you want what do
you want I need food I don't want I need
because the Greg's gonna die
Gregg is just gonna die there's nothing
I can do to come to kill hate to help
him grocery store fuck
and you're only given at the short
wonder huh you only give it at the short
amount of time huh I didn't get noticed
and that's all I was only two people get
to eat yep
well you know what fuck you Greg you're
the least healthy you're not gonna wait
wait wait wait wait wait does Greg need
to make it he seems like a main
character to me you can you can you can
learn something by not feeding right you
see what happens but I have a feeling if
Greg dies it's over I'm gonna learn
something oh I'm gonna learn something
all right because you know this is me
just if you're not saying if Greg dies
you loose its Chad sure about that I
don't know for sure I'm just reading
what I see okay well we're about to find
out
what kind of name is Greg anyway a name
you can't pick bizarrely yeah that's
just your normal name oh shit I thought
I thought Elliott was gonna die so I
took all this stuff away from him like I
can't imagine there's an elaborate
cutscene where somebody calls him by
name we should be able to change that
so this game was made by the FTL guys
right another was made by them that was
inspired by it
yeah I don't believe it was made by the
yes they may know how to vote damn funky
Elliott
god damn honky no this one
bizarrely like you picked your name rich
it's a video game doesn't a human child
have the FTL guys then anything else not
to my knowledge
I know they've resisted the idea of
doing an FTL sequel yeah that's what
I've heard I guess I can see that
got a bandage Oh Gregor to use a bandage
I'll tell you that bandage good we kept
the keys
depended pick up the keys Gregg pick up
the bandage used bandage
and we'll keep them keys may need em
keys
fucking
I know everybody's hungry
Dawkins wait
that is great and everything
votes
am i this new Indian game worth 15 bucks
or little I've played I would say no
Greg said Jim I did did it so I've been
seeing it yeah I saw that
someone said they've been seeing my face
plastered all over a Hamburg what's with
that they it is true Hamburg look at
look at this someone that someone
emailed me us me us and like the German
city huh the German city yeah and
apparently there are these pictures of
this person well thank you sure that you
that I mean it's it could be a lot of
people there in cartoons
there are a lot of bald people with
glasses yeah but it's very strange
jumping to conclusions if say that's you
some jumping to a lot of conclusions
like i'm bogum and so the journey ends
rich and so the journey and no shit no
shit yeah I I wasn't thinking as far as
the whole is if Greg guy's everything
dies sure
no I because you know what an FTL you
could lose your captain and someone
takes up the mantle
Thank You Catherine now this is more
like your ship them you can lose your
ship before everybody on the ship dies
yeah what I just didn't know yeah
sometimes you gotta fail yeah I'm not
I'm not necessarily sure this is um I'm
not sure this is worth the money is this
out it or is this was this aggro is this
a beta I have no idea you bought it oh
you said there's requests for it I just
wanted the page and I put him in basket
and I bought it I didn't pay much
attention to the details because we were
gonna do it tonight because we got
requests and tired and sad I I read the
last tip of yours that I see I'm on
about quick form being the best
combination of dark moodiness and action
gameplay I said I don't really care
about the moon is that lunch but that's
an action gameplay let's write a last
first-person shooter I really loved
except for the horrible ending okay this
is actually I like I like Blood Dragon
Park red blood red okay I was just
checking to see if this was in a
pre-release yeah
greenlight or whatever they call it what
do they call it early access this is not
an early access this is a done game and
no you know it's it's a lot like like
even even convoy after a few runs of
convoy I
but it just wasn't it just wasn't FTL
and you know
that's uh it's tough not bad it's really
interesting this yeah and I think I
think if you want something that's like
FTL convoy is a better bet when I said
when the mic was a mile away was the
combat doesnt look that interesting in
this okay and it's you know it's not oh
there's a look at it's the credits there
should be a Greg zombie it should
totally be a Greg zombie walking around
oh not the credits the dead bodies
that's fine you know invest in convoys
that had a little more fun the combat
was a little more interesting but the
Mad Max II combat was a little more fun
mm-hmm I I definitely played convoy
after that stream a little bit I will
not be playing this
after this
so what does what does FTL have that
these other games don't says I ate
Donuts combat is a big part of it each
each individual battle feels more
intense this is more worth you know what
each of each matter gives you prizes I
think it surprises is there anything
more exciting than finding a new piece
of equipment right a new weapon what
does this do
I've got a weird laser properties it's
unlike the other weapons you have this
needs more try need more treasures you
need rewards more more character kind of
building necessarily you know but I mean
FTL Indy ships getting all this shit and
and do it yeah yeah you're choosing to
invest in your engines you you kind of
it was a new mold every time that you
added a new Lego piece to your thing
this doesn't have that crypt of the
necrodancer you've always find new shit
yeah and you're growing more powerful
when you're getting new different type
of abilities mining of Isaac's got weird
things that make your bullets spin
around you Gore get some new weird
artifact that does that of course just
the mystery of what new shit and what
new thing will I find adds a ton this we
found abandoned new tentacle
yep that functions exactly and it didn't
like change anything on screen it's it
too much and obviously we're very early
in the game yeah yeah
but there the reward of the there
doesn't seem to be those rewards the the
discovery the rewards of discovery
basically everything is done better
enough till it's true and you know FTL
was unique FTL does need a a viable
pacifist option because that would be
that would be beautiful making nice and
not blowing things up you don't get
scrapped and you get fucked in the end
game you know the other the flaw in FTL
is that in order to actually beat it you
need to play it like you a real fucking
bastard a heartless bastard
yep that's the flop yep I agree letting
letting people live needs to have a
payoff but I'll take that over this oh
yeah you know it's cute and you know I
like I just I just think that maybe they
don't quite understand the things that
made FTL great
the riddle still says if bethesda works
on quake everything will get simplified
and dumber until it's terrible what
makes the original quake work is that
it's simple and dumb insert nail gun
into enemy's towns head I totally agree
the animation for The Killing Joke
honestly looks more like an animatic
concept art and not finished it looks
like it looks like it's five frames a
second it does not look like quality
animation a great gig says you have to
play FTL as a Janeway RPG oh sure I'll
befriend you but fuck that guy I'll
destroy everything to make my mission
wise everything will die the you know
what I like I think the animation looks
like those how it should have ended or
CollegeHumor animations where it's like
clearly you know done for a quick
internet video there it does not look
like professional quality animation it
might
it might be different when the final
product is out these are just the
trailers but right now I'm not sold on
the animation and I need that I needed
to look good I need good art in my comic
books what's going on what's going on in
general oh you know if we want to make
it the solid four hours we got another
half hour okay or we could call it it's
your call
maybe one more room one more I'm gonna
I'm gonna refill my beverage it scrolled
up a while ago but I I do not think the
atmosphere is what made quake quake
these somebody's saying the atmosphere
made quake quake and Jack says to fuck
right off and oh man I I kind of want to
agree with them I don't want to say it
quite so harshly but no fast action the
it'd games were all about fast-paced
action there may have been some mood
some atmosphere in there but it was
secondary to fast-paced action I think I
think
carmack had a quote where all you need
they get with do them all you need is a
demons in a shotgun
that's doom I'm gonna look up that dim
the dim John Carmack quote that's doom
demons in a shotgun yep yep the shooter
you know you're doing a shooter you
shoot the things but if you're playing
it in game and you're saying the mood is
the most important thing you're doing it
wrong if your game play like you want
but you're doing it wrong no and you
know again to reiterate an earlier to
reiterate an earlier point rich made
like if you want to take the core
concept of being that kind of intense
shooter and then add that's better
that's just let me theme on it that's
that's ice that's fine that's yeah but
it's icing that's icing but you need the
foundation you need the cake foundation
murder okay
so how did your you're talking to that
guy in Chloe's place work out what does
that get you nothing nothing
it got me nothing I you know there were
there were a couple new options I could
have given him my flashlight and he
could have gone away but because we knew
that his shotgun was broken and he said
fuck it he tried to shoot me and he
didn't shoot me and he left so maybe
we'll run into him later
all right movement is really important
in first-person shooter games for me
this is why quake is so much more fun to
play than say Unreal Tournament which
feels slow and clunky
I've never played Unreal Tournament but
yeah it's it's got a it's got to be
precise Gabby what's right here how we
glitched
very glitched by clicking it how easy is
it your mouse
we might be glitched oh there we go you
might be glitched quit
we're glitched we're glitched yay
what's Jetson now they're now they're
yelling about Unreal Tournament now I've
never played Unreal Tournament I haven't
either
I cannot I cannot attest to to his
attributes what I can say is that if you
know your first-person shooter needs to
feel smooth needs to feel responsive
they're saying a glitched new game
hallelujah nuegaike worship the glue Oh
No look what people this is it
this is all you're getting sometimes you
know but it was the right thing to do
it's a zombie apocalypse you don't go up
searching random corpses but what if
it's not a corpse you don't throw a rock
at it you poke at it with a stick oh you
idiot Greg oh we restarted I don't know
how that happened his space cop worth
the effort do you mean to watch it or do
you mean was it worth the effort to make
both are fine questions I think it's
worth the effort to watch it as I think
it's pretty funny but it's a very
specific sense of humor if you find the
things that Mike James rich make to be
funny you will probably enjoy it if say
you're the kind of person that doesn't
like the the skits before and after half
in the bag you might not like it
hey what I didn't get her to come
the $25 effort you know that's up to you
I
I'm incredibly biased okay so by the way
ya find town as early as possible is the
these are these have been two incredibly
good scavenges that you've had here chat
saying our tips are messed up are they I
just read you I see are they're not
tipping
oh I didn't know that demo was out yes
neo and IOH is going to be on there's a
ps4 game made by the ninja gayden tape
opinion day oh that is oh wait the same
guys not there anymore so we could just
rip but it's samurai Dark Souls it's
gonna play a lot like Dark Soul fog horn
but in a samurai and I am a hundred
percent down with that yes I will be we
will be playing that I don't know if I I
don't like demos like I don't like I
want to wait until something is finished
I don't want to play something and then
have someone say oh no but we're gonna
fix this later and then we're going to
look at the tweak settings here and and
the art is temporary and the music is
from from I stock audio so you're gonna
hear the arts talk audio every five
minutes but uh so it's it's one of those
things where I'm waiting until the game
is out
I like finished product I've tried Neil
so far so good it's exactly what it
sounds like it's hard as balls great
that gets me very excited if our tips
are messed up I'm very very sorry our
tip thing is on
we're here or logged in
if your tips aren't coming through I'm
very very sorry just don't tip right now
then I guess you're doing the cheese
ball did one of them say die or am i
hearing
never tried a party game called fiasco I
have never done - no I got an invalid
PayPal response it then yeah PayPal
could be down that happens good night
colonel rich mustard have a good night
nikka tar zone
yep
he's like the only problem is you're
fatiguing yourself man
take a nap yeah do i preorder no no
that's the point there's never a good
reason to preorder no like I could see I
could see if like you're a super fan of
something you know like for example Dark
Souls like you played all the Dark Souls
you definitely gonna buy Dark Souls 3
and if you preorder it you get like a
little tchotchke or something okay then
maybe but you can always find those
tchotchkes later on eBay and no I
usually do not pre-order like when when
I got Arkham Knight for the review I
discovered that if you pre-ordered it
after Game Stop you've got those those
dumb Red Hood levels here so yeah went
there the day before I had pre-ordered
you know it wasn't that big a deal but
it's like extra extra content I guess
I'll preorder
Jack you should reconsider trying
streaming me oh there's a decent chance
they will change the game a lot based on
polar feedback and publisher pressure to
make it easier for a wider market might
be your only chance to try this version
oh okay well then maybe we will yeah
just abort
you are sleepy rich
you know I think there's a game you plan
on picking up I don't see why you
wouldn't pre-order in case the game that
comes out as a broken mess or some other
unforeseen issue especially nowadays
when publishers are shipping broken
games pre-orders have kind of led into
this like day one download bullshit
where they're actually a month away from
finishing the game and they still ship
it and I just plan on patching it later
but you're already paying them money and
then you just have this this this this
coaster sitting unplayable for a month
while you pre-ordered it I had a issue i
pre-ordered No More Heroes to a while
back okay and I usually don't pre-order
game but it was a it wasn't a larger
store it was a smaller chain a smart I
support a little guy huh and they the
game came out I didn't get a call from
him which I thought was odd well I went
over to go over there and pick up the
game yeah oh they didn't have it the
game stopped down the street they had
plenty of copies place i pre-ordered it
didn't bother to order a copy what's
going on yeah it'll be a couple weeks a
couple weeks I've pre-ordered the game
so I would get the game on the day the
game came out yeah I had to fight with
them to get my pre-order money back
never preorder a game no no for
pre-ordering a game made sense when
games were only physical and stores had
limited supplies that but of course back
then
people usually shipped playable games
generally the rule but with digital
distribution
there is no good reason to pre-order
gaming unless like I said it's that very
rare occasion when it's a company you
know makes quality stuff and maybe you
can get a special tchotchke but even
then wait until the game comes out and
get the tchotchke and eBay usually the
pre-order bonuses are not worth it oh I
ran into this one before would you like
to know what I do
what did you do I asked to the sheriff
what happened you can talk to the
sheriff and the sheriff says yeah go
ahead and take him I don't care about
him and you can free him and then he'll
have to join your party but I did talk
to the sheriff first I don't know
what'll happen if you cut him or you
know you can get Elliott in your party
he's a good liar and a shotgun
specialist or he was when I got him
let's find out if the same thing happens
beat me outside
all right yep great no now look at his
stats go to manage group there's
character yeah okay by the way so
everything set is the same with him
which is fine wait for a randomization
part part of the fun of FTL of binding
of issac of all those games is that
lottery system right like you know oh
this might happen I know I have a good
chance of this happening but that
lottery system
also right now Elliott does not have any
equipment this one that's one sandy
give him a shoe we can hit the zombies
with his shoe Kenny wouldn't it be great
would that be great we're checking out
maybe funny maybe funny if that happened
INRI yes Ivan puffin rebirth I have
unlocked the lost I have not won as the
lost as I've just had to move on to
other games unfortunately so I actually
have not played by any wise again quite
a long time pick that up again I should
pick that up again but I do have the
lost unlocked I look for a way inside
and break the door down probably look
for a way inside right
what does the chat one
here's here's one or two like a problem
that we've been running into with the
way that they were there things in the
way that their trees work is there's no
going back around right so you would
think in a situation like that you could
look for a way around and if you
couldn't find a good one then bust it
down right but they won't give you the
option to bust it down later alright one
is winning 100k you did it but I'm
inside that's your only option and get
stuck in and barns gonna be I'm sure but
that's your mapping six rotting corpses
are piled together with dried blood and
brain matter sprayed all over the floor
it occurs to you that something tragic
happened here but it's clearly far too
late for you to inter oh I'll take all
this shit shit yeah boom a cell phone
earpiece oh and a crowbar you can give
that to Elliott yeah yeah I put it over
there and I'll click on Elliott
I don't go back to in and talk yeah sure
boom boom boom no no I wanted to eat
that oh yeah you have to you know one or
the other or both we can have both in
two
all that juicy shag
we gonna do with all this juicy Shack
we're gonna really need it
late in is this dream just three hours
of rich squinting at the screen
scratchiest
gin actually haha you missed so good
what was it 40 minutes of done well so
there was a lot of Don Wilson and I'm
actually not kidding there was a lot of
Don Wilson I had a weird Southern Creole
voice or it was wacky at the beginning
and this game kind of beat us down and
some nerdy guy as a nerdy guy yep
face face shop really folks yep yep it
was great and yeah
it's just can I tell him do it okay yeah
oh so yeah you can click on them
individual and they can individually
back that they might be able to both
attack the same zombie
you know what there's enough there's
another app oh there's another aspect of
FTL that we're missing month
the been print the soundtrack the
soundtrack to FTL I frequently play with
the music off just so I can listen to
like podcast or something
you are fucking insane never really
podcast like YouTube videos that are
basically podcast the soundtrack to FTL
yeah that's good is phenomenal prefer to
listen to people talk about interesting
things now that not that listening to
the FTL soundtrack is a bad choice this
guy who am I gonna do with a rope ah
don't know I'd rather watch a
documentary about black holes at least
listened to but then you know I do I
handle just fine don't tell me what
subject don't you dare judge me I'm
judging you I'll judge you all I want I
don't have to care but I'll judge you
oh my god Ernst the garden says I just
muted FTL music to watch this
so you think we should leave him alive
huh
you think we should leave my wife that's
what I did it does I don't think it
matters well here try the diplomatic
approach maybe he joins us Oh Jesse
see what happens why not
okay
yep we just have you just lost the
flashlight that's fine I don't care
it's all fine I'll fine you know what
what we'll find another one at this city
type location
yeah and see by the way so like the back
to randomization like here we know that
we can either shoot him or tell me to go
fuck himself and like we know the exact
same thing will happen every single time
yep that takes that takes a lot of the
fun out of it a lot of the lottery out
of it there's a lottery element to every
aspect of FTL no we shouldn't have shot
the guy cuz that would waste a bullet
he'll try to shoot us and his shotgun
will backfire and then he'll leave and
we'll still get to do all the stuff we
did and we won't work waste of all I
agree the FTL soundtrack is amazing I
don't know if it's the best thing ever
as there is the that as there is all of
Chris Chris to do lose soundtracks which
I listen to constantly risk of rain
deadbolt the see will claim us all
xenomorph all of his sound packs are the
best everything ever FTL is pretty good
a hundred and eighty one minutes long
the official running time of the r-rated
cut of danke Wow 180 minutes we're good
it's a lot of minutes
deadbolt wedlock
you know what the I don't I don't much
care for the shovel knight' soundtrack
outside of Sheldon I'm like I would be I
would never listen to that soundtrack
just while driving around because it's
meant you know that's it's pixel
180 minutes is a lot of vaginas that's
right that's right the the extensive Lex
Luthor backstory surrounded by by
flapping vaginas is going to be amazing
that they had two cuts with a pg-13
rating the soundtrack to the original
killer instinct is amazing
Batman kills people after raping them
any good recent movie suggestions rich
blind fury was amazing like like movies
that came out recently like I haven't
watched many movies lately
I recommend the unbreakable Kimmy
Schmidt there you go there's my
recommendation I double that
recommendation season 2 is right out
fresh out on Netflix an amazingly funny
show the unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt if
you have not seen it you should see it
Oh also I don't know if you heard the
news what we are getting a punishing
show oh wow I'm not shocked at all that
incredibly popular part of a popular
show that's the most obvious thing they
could have done but they announced it
and that's nice it's gonna be great well
I you know what actually it could really
say we don't know we don't know anything
about it we don't know whose show
running it we don't know who's writing
it it could be terrible
I'd be shocked if they didn't do that Oh
m'god as long if he's the Punisher again
John Baron thought or whatever his name
is John Barrymore that's that's a step
in the right direction if we can get a
decent showrunner on it
yeah Kung Pao is not a great movie have
you seen if you're into I don't know if
this is anything like blind fury but
have you guys seen Kung Fu Hustle
have you seen Kung Fu Hustle yeah have
you seen Shaolin Soccer no thank you -
yeah you should you should seek comfort
awesome Kung Fu Hustle is a is a really
fun movie
yes it kind of manure of old kung fu
movies starring the main character is
kind of a fuckwit and it's great
yeah Kung Fu Hustle is damn good Stephen
Chow thank you that's what his name is
he kind of mixes comedy and action very
well Shaolin Soccer is just all about
people who play soccer but it's like got
the superpower of moves in it but Kung
Fu Hustle is a really really good
well you know Kung Fu Hustle is a good
kung-fu comedy movie and tong powers of
bad kungfu comedy movie which is live
there you know
Kung Pao was steve-o deep area the guy
who did the thumb movies do you see the
thumb movies we got putting all faces on
his thumbs and they parody movies like
you give thumb wars that was yeah I've
seen most of them some of them are quite
funny lots of bullets for guns I don't
have the blare thumb the blare thumb I
have officially lost all interest in
this the thumb movies have you've not
seen the thumb movies no I have not seen
something that I have not seen something
that sounds ridiculous ridiculous lease
- he's the lessor Odenkirk who but he
makes these movies with thumbs and
they're there they're kind of bad
satires but they're also kind of I'm so
embarrassed for him I've seen most of
them the Blair thumb project has
on the DVD has a commentary track but it
has a same commentary track and an
insane commentary track and the insane
commentary track but for the entirety of
the movie is just all of the people who
did the commentary going like this blog
blogger for the entirety of the
commentary that's it I just killed the
man who was caught in a bear trap
that was the fumbles
Odenkirk is the best at making terrible
comedies he really is he's responsible
for the second Ace Ventura movie then he
made all the thumb movies and then he
made Kung Pao which is just not as good
if not as good
what are you watching you are watching
what is this game even called I forgot
March of the living March you're
watching March of the living which is a
zombie themed FTL like game and what you
will be watching next is us thanking all
of our subscribers and going home and
going to bed yeah
Tony Powell had some really good ideas
that the main premise behind Kung Pao is
reusing a lot of old footage from old
kung fu movies and REE dubbing them to
say funny things yeah but it just
doesn't work does not work
yes Steve Odenkirk the lesser of the
Odenkirk
linear regression link to the past if
you have to choose one game to play
Super Metroid or Link to the Past
you should play a Link to the Past Super
Metroid is great and you should play
that next but if you're gonna choose
only between those two which would you
agree with this I indeed what's going on
you have to choose you should play right
now Super Metroid or Link to the Past
length passed me through that's
absolutely every time
Steve Oedekerk Bob Odenkirk really what
a weird hmm portable radio can you
listen to it when peppy fine doesn't say
use so I'm going to say no right give me
some more options
Super Metroid is the best nest game a
Link to the Past is probably second but
you know they're very different games is
the real thing and they are each kind of
the best of their fields
you should play both but if you are if
you're asking which you should play
first
the answer is Link to the Past
I have getting really lucky here yeah
yeah rich have you played any minecraft
no I have played approximately 20
minutes of Minecraft yeah yeah I can
absolutely see why it is incredibly
addictive you just build shit
it's Legos this digital Legos and you
know you could play the campaign mode or
whatever and you know you have to build
little forts and protect yourself from
the zombies it makes perfect sense which
is why I'm not playing it because I
probably would get a little addicted all
right yeah I know fruit pie we're still
playing it we're still playing at second
but just to see your own suck it we're
playing it because we're playing we'll
play it up
huh I see a lot of people talking about
dogs closely I have some very strong
opinions about that country but I want
to wait till I talk about him until rich
plays it someone which he may be able to
do it sooner
oh and now you shall join the ranks of
my minions oh oh I get it he wants to
turn you into a zombie yeah I just
thought he wanted you to join his gang
oh yeah I'll join your gang Oh jack
wouldn't you you see like what if you
came across a gang and they were like
join our gang or you're fuck there's
really absolutely I'm part of your gang
I'm helping you do whatever you want to
do well the gang is honest in that case
I'm I I will certainly not trash Dark
Souls 3 I like a lot of things about it
a lot a lot of things about that
well mr. glitch they didn't forget about
it who forgot about the what I'm about
to I'm about to these might be
considered mild Walking Dead spoilers so
if you have
mild mama so one of the characters
discovers a way to almost tame zombies
what she does is she cuts off their
hands so they can't call you and cuts
out all of their teeth so they can't
bite you and then what she does is she
kind of uses them as as guard dogs like
so she can walk around amongst other
zombies and if she doesn't make move too
quickly and she has her pet zombies with
her the other zombies won't attack yeah
why are they trying to ineffectively
attack her what do you mean even though
they don't have hands and moans why are
they trying to attack her because
because they can't maybe they've tried
and they just they cannot okay but they
still they still try to attack other
people no no they don't attack anyone
then how are they like guard dogs
because they walk with her and they
protect her from other zombies they
protected from other zombies how because
the others because I Assam bees have to
know you're a human to attack you right
they don't attack other zombies hmm and
so if she walks quietly with these two
zombies other zombies only see a group
of zombies and not heard it kind of
count maybe a camel flage is her is a
better way of putting this is no one
then what a couple zombies start eating
you you think the rest of the Horde
would just go away then I don't train it
does done that's what happens in movies
like after after you're done being eaten
they leave well and then while you're
still in the process of being eaten well
then they want to eat you and this is
this is the logic of the show rich
people catching the show and someone was
saying someone was saying like they just
they they happen to forget camouflage
yes you're right
so they happen to forget about this
little trick about like removing the
teeth and hands of zombies to render
them ineffective they did not forget
about this they discovered their
humanity because what they were trying
to do stop getting the rifle bullets why
do you keep giving me a rifle show so
many right I don't have a fucking rifle
oh the way this is shut this is a
shotgun I want shotgun souls yes shells
the point is the reason that they don't
do that anymore is to retain their
humanity they're no longer hiding
amongst the zombies yeah so they didn't
forget about that they chose a human
path
it's actually removing their lower jaw
and our and all of their arms well in
any case someone ever trying to gum you
after they couldn't come you they
probably give up do you think no they're
zombies
they never give up they're gonna stay
outside that door forever until they get
in yeah yeah no it's it's show logic
it's it's TV logic and that's fine
the point is they didn't forget about
the fact that they could tame the
zombies they discovered their humanity
on a flashlight and anxious
and it really doesn't matter because the
shows getting stale everyone knows the
show is getting stale everyone knows
except for AMC who's trying to milk as
much content as they can
the show is getting incredibly stale and
it's gonna teeter out for like three
more seasons
like just kill one you hit already
or you know fuck up and miss them twice
with a shotgun
yeah Janek what the down Wilson bet is
unfortunately over oh you thought your
kid on my order that's great
such a waste such a waste
I'm so sorry I didn't find a rusty rifle
is that
what does the rusty rifle do probably
functions much like a rifle I have all
those rifle bullets oh my god you're
throwing her a football Tim
it probably has like a higher percentage
to jam or something
it's jammy
searching for for two minutes the
Walking Dead is going to be the same
situation that mash was in most of the
actors and creators wanted to end in
latter seasons but the network wanted it
to stay yep yep this show that the
network didn't care about until it until
it came to to Netflix then everybody
found it and loved it so they threw all
their money at it
and they're not done with it yet
legend Longhorn this is FTL for zombies
though not nearly as good as FTL as
we've been discovering
but the idea is yes is FTL with zombies
right damn what am I gonna drop the
portable radio the nails that came cord
or any of that shit yeah you need a
health or what does Elliott have the
cell phone earpiece you know well you
need any of that
I don't know I don't know what I'm gonna
need I don't know what this shit does
wait what what is that saying someone
might be tempted to oh that's just yeah
flavor text flavor text Flavor Flav I'd
say drop the camcorder and maybe even
males oh also you could use the health
pack and then pick that stuff up again
know what if you still wanted to drive
nails in a hammer I have to imagine that
combo might come in handy like you could
you can floss off the miss we can border
so I'm holding on to those nails
goodnight el Auto dodging Tino have a
good night you would like to think that
you will hit a situation where it's like
we could we could sleep here in safety
tonight if only we had some nails and a
hammer yep I'm gonna guess that does not
happen jack any beer recommendations
many I don't know what's available in
your area if it's if it is available
it's a little pricey but uh
the sculpin ballast point sculpin is a
lovely beer it's a little pricey but
it's a lovely beer
if you're in the area get yourself
either a cop monster or an OG from MKE
brewing that's usually my beers of
choice pop monster and particular
we're actually you know what I just had
I just had a smash rail from lakefront
the same people that make spotted cows
smash out a really good summer
mr. glitch yes the peel box is way at
the bottom of the red letter media
homepage and you can send movies and
stuff through the vo box
rich did you get a VHS tape of monster
truck into the bruise yeah yes yes we
did thank you for sending
juicy Shack neat giveaway is coming up
tomorrow so soon it
did you just stop shooting hey
everything's fine oh man you have so
much food it shits like f till you can't
have too much fuel yeah yeah
all right Lord Belmont I'm sure plink
Ito will come back yeah as currently
there is a giant device in the studio it
takes up a lot of room so we better
fucking be Hewson it that's my two cents
at least didn't spend forty two dollars
building that for nothing
raids I want this
what's going on here exactly do you
think what do you think what see man's
side of the road struggling to open a
crate marked supplies no okay and your
approach he stops what he's doing in
waves to you
he requests your assistance opening the
crate explaining that it was dropped by
a helicopter to help the survivors and
promises to share the contents if you
give him a hand
open the crate draw your weapon and tell
the man to leave or might be a trap get
out of him I have done this one before
now so I will like yeah let me know oh
you want to spoil I I opened the crate
with him and he did share the supplies
yeah yeah you could you could probably
also try to shoot him and just get all
the supplies but if you open the crate
with him he's pretty happy and shares
the supplies with you don't it's got the
crowbar so you open the crate Elliot
oh it's so that was a random man that's
good yeah oh sure man you want me to
shit in the fucking head
Oh Elliott didn't get harmed right
wasting everybody's fucking time
she's the man
dip
yeah Oh an axe yes yes nice that's good
we'll take an axe
we've confirmed that the crowbar is
worse than the hammer rent yeah you
could drop the crowbar
and now you have an axe so that's all
you need
but
rich I I'm gonna I'm gonna estimate it
took you what 80 90 hours to build that
think it over they actually had to be
remade 100 it's hard to estimate because
it had to be remade once that's true
there's a whole story but I don't know I
don't know if I can get into it while
I'm playing the game the basics of it is
the original design was done by Mike and
it might not have been uh oh man you are
hungry in time it might not have been
the smartest design but you try it
anyway
well you fix the pins what if what is
wrong with the fucking pins oh fucking
everybody had an opinion about those
pins in the comments hey did the thing
go down and randomly choose a movie and
I guess they worked fuck you and your
pins I wonder how it should have been
done differently everyone's got a new
thing all depends with too far apart
over the fit pins or too close together
oh the puck was too bigger to fuck
really small rather wouldn't it be
easier to adjust the puck sighs wow we
were having trouble with a finding a
puck that wouldn't get stuck on a pin
not between the pins but on a pin I
don't know if it just wasn't slippery
enough for everything we got to grease
it up I tried spraying it all the pucks
we tried with a graphite cusp ring okay
the original plan was to use VHS reels
everything was measured out with it
being spools of VHS tape and I think the
spools were like three and a half inches
wide so I made the pins four four inches
between the pins okay which yeah and you
know like the biggest problem we were
having wasn't that it was getting stuck
in the pins it would actually like land
on a pin and then not go on either side
it would just land and stop directly on
top of a pin it was the weirdest thing
and so that that puck is actually one of
those little cap lights that's the one
we ended up using because that was the
one that didn't get stuck on things
there's a little tap like that you guys
spray painted black and that works great
ooh that would have been nice but if
each pin had a blinking light on it yeah
you do that shit but it would have been
nice
nice cool I didn't get anything out of
that but all right
you might have now it might be safe yeah
you know you might have delayed zombies
or whatnot
make the puck heavier everyone says it
it's it's too heavy it needs to be like
yeah oh by the way you we cannot make
the puck heavier heavier heavier puck
stick to the pins it needs to be like we
went through I mean how many pucks do
you think we went through on the day of
filming for and before that there were
there were at least a half a dozen
prototypes leave the believe the board
alone it works the Plinko board is
currently functional that's all that
matters
nice shootin fuck yeah one shot one kill
motherfucker
make the puck square that's that is a
suggestion we have not heard before
making the puck square yes who knows
yes that could work
probably fucking would it would probably
force it to Bella's to go off one side
either
will we ever see more adventures with
Sonny bonds well there is there is
another police quest game it's not out
of the question
we like it don't want to get this jerk
food you have a lot of food so what
happens it took away some fatigue
oh that's it I think so hardly worth
hardly worth it at all fat waste of my
time except you might be making it past
the first map rich didn't you do that no
no I didn't even get close
I barely I barely made it to Khloe's
house with both them I did a lot of
searching before close
captain cubone yes we did be pleased
positive loving that loving that rifle
they are getting there they're currently
going up on YouTube but you can watch
the the the old streams on Twitch and
actually if you watch the old streams on
Twitch you can watch them along with the
chant it replays all of the chat which
is very nice
so but the the YouTube videos are going
up currently except for one won't go up
tomorrow because the new pre rape is
going to move and but that's what's
currently going on I think we only have
one more of the new kits
not a hunting knife a hunting knife
hunting knife nice Oh see that's an
interesting comparisons nuke is this
game better or worse than organ trail
which you've played more or getting from
heaven a bit better yeah I'd have to
mull it over organ trills got a lot of
charm to it
uh-huh arrghh trill is definitely
definitely more trouble okay
somebody was dicking around with ammo
someone so was dicking around with ammo
and you can name people huge plus huge
naming people is a huge plus the combat
is actually better the Newport Oregon
Trail new prereq is tomorrow it really
is
I was checking on the upload right now
forget about it maybe working true that
was real easy to stop anywhere and and
and scavenge in Oregon Trail I liked the
whole taking care of the car yeah yeah
yeah I have to mull it over it had a lot
more pieces that I mean you know this is
obviously we only have four hours and
but I do this hunting knife what's the
what's the damage
only eight damage what is your - 10 - 10
okay it's a pretty quick attack on it
he's got the hammer and nails which I
guess I could ripple those so I'm still
waiting for that shit to come well
everyone needs a good gun and a good
mailing yeah so you could get rid of you
could swap the hammer you can keep on
you could keep the hammer and just swap
it for the knife they're not keeping the
nails - fuck it yeah just just give him
the night oh yeah wait wait stop
what who's keeping the hammer nails no
one are you dropping a boat and routable
alright it's taking up to inventory
spaces Moki the new prereq episode is a
little over 18 minutes there will be a
bonus little video also coming out later
tomorrow that is a fun little
conversation rich and I have about
piracy that doesn't fit with the regular
oh really really kind of chunk out I did
well it's like two and a half minutes
just our piracy back yeah but I thought
it was funny enough I was like I'll just
put it up as its own thing because it
doesn't totally fit in with with
with the video but I figure I'll put it
up as a something and then in the next
couple of days there'll be another thing
about that game so we're gonna get a lot
of contents out of this one game which
is great
this game was not made by the same
people as FTL it is just in this style
really tomorrow not fake tomorrow yes
really tomorrow
it was exporting as I came over here I
was checking on the upload it might not
have been uploading so I'll have to
re-upload it once I get back home to
YouTube but it will be as soon as
basically as soon as I make the
thumbnail which I have yet I usually
would make the thumbnail last so
tomorrow morning I will wake up make the
thumbnail and post the video live as
soon as as I can ooh a machete and as
nice
so really actually tomorrow the new
episode is going up and I'm like I said
later they'll be a little one-off video
about piracy which is fun need to get
rid of my old shotgun and whatnot the
shitty weapons oh yeah how often did you
to your opponent's screw up in some way
lately with media encoder usually I do
that through Adobe Media encoder and
lately the link between media encoder
and YouTube has been completely broken
which is really upsetting because I
really liked that workflow so lately
it's been screwing up every time yeah
yes
we have we've talked about piracy here
on the streams before I have a very hard
line approach and rich is a little more
flexible yeah I don't think stealing is
ever okay
ever ever I think it's foolish to think
you're gonna make everybody stop it's
not gonna happen that's fantasy world
but that doesn't make what they're doing
right now it doesn't look if they're
gonna do it you may as well you may as
well get them to do it with some sense
of ethics like if you really enjoy a
thing you pirated give give them money
give them money well it's like I did I
think there are there are proven ways to
combat it free downloadable demos easier
access to games lower prices like
they're sure yes yes yes there are all
ways to combat it within the system none
of them are a lack of any of those does
not make stealing okay
sometimes Jack you have to bend to
practicality no it's not like we're
talking or it's not like we're talking
about like ease of access of food or
medicine here these are these are
sometimes you have to bend just for
practicality practicality and ends up
all right we have to do this makes the
most sense you're not going to stop
everybody from pirating it's of never
going to hello of course not but they
shouldn't pirate okay what are you going
to do about that great mommy what are
you going to do about it
no nothing i I'm nothing I don't make
games there's nothing I can do about it
I already make free stuff on the
internet I already give it away for free
finally found a fucking barter Stan
I don't know what what kinds of things
what kinds of things should I keep
wrought wait raaah gust says online
piracy is not stealing jack facepalm
there you go its apps the fucking lutely
stealing if you're you're fighting
upstream you're here fun fighting
upstream straight upstream it
there's no semantics about this I'm just
making a copy you are stealing something
yes every copy is worth something even
rich who is ok with piracy understands
that it's stealing stop them stop them
yeah oh you know I give it away for free
we're doing this you could just watch
this for free make sure people know that
if they're pirating something made by
Schmucks with without working with a
budget like us but I'm not talking about
us I'm talking about like what was their
movie called the battery you don't know
that they were they were friends of Jay
Mike and I we went to the same
filmmaking and they made a movie called
the battery like a real real movie and I
know they they were pirated quite a bit
yeah
and you know they weren't a big studio
they didn't have a big release the movie
that I already made you know 300 million
dollars and every copy of that that was
pirated herded them so much more
fortunately than it would like a Sony
Pictures or you're pirating spider-man 3
Eve even with Sony Pictures there are
low level employees there there are
people working on the movie that are not
making a lot of money there are visual
effects artists who are constantly being
underpaid and overworked because you
know because of the system I'm not
saying pirates cause that I'm just
saying there is someone at every level
of filmmaking and if it's not ok because
they're little guys and then it's then
it's not ok if it's big guys you are you
are you are pirating like a underfunded
show on Adult Swim but
really like that show then but don't
fucking watch and then then then I'm
just saying I'm saying hey this is why
I'm saying this is the yet and make sure
people know the consequences yeah you
pirate that show you don't watch it to
give them the ratings and you don't buy
the DVD then the people who paid money
to get that show made don't see any
value and continue with the show gets
canceled of course of course there are
potential consequences to piracy yes
even if it's not legal consequences
they're not going to make the things you
like if they can't make money making the
things you like of course yeah that's a
real thing but slapping them in the
wrist
no it's stealing don't do it that's not
gonna do anything people are gonna care
about that well when I say it's stealing
it is no no but if you're telling them
that but rich of thing they know yes but
when I say that I assume that everyone
understands the consequences I don't
know I don't I think a lot of people
probably don't think that don't think it
through then your assholes think it
through people make this shit
well I'm sure there have been DMCA
claims through space guys I'm very sure
people who take things for free wouldn't
have bought it anyway though look if you
if you hired it and you wouldn't have
bought it anyway but you ended up really
liking it honestly don't you think they
deserve your money then honestly yeah if
you enjoyed that thing after all yeah I
go back to my Harvest Moon story which
I'm told all the time of course I pirate
into the the a rom of the Super Nintendo
version of Harvest Moon years after they
were actually selling it and I really
liked it never would have bought it
anyway because I really liked it sight
unseen I paid for like the next four or
five Harvest Moon games that came out
brand new made sure they got money from
me oh yeah
people are already telling you copying
is in soon Jack do you think people
don't understand pirating is bad
anyone who says copying isn't stealing
is is an idiot if every copy of
something is worth something then that
is stealing and when you steal something
you take away from the person who made
that something and maybe maybe rich is
right that I have not been clear on the
endgame of piracy which is you're
screwing with the system and the system
is in place to make sure the people who
make good stuff get rewarded
personalizing you screwing with the
creator's well that's you screw with the
system and the system makes sure that
the people who make good stuff get
rewarded making that good stuff and once
you start messing with that system
creators stop making money they stop
making good stuff once you start messing
with that system it ruins everything
and and the and Oh like I wasn't gonna
buy it anyway then you shouldn't play it
like oh it's oh it's not available in my
country then I'm sorry then you don't
get to watch it and I'm sorry that
that's the way it works but that's the
way it works
it's hardly worth Africa
no raw Gus technically it is stealing
all like you know if you see a rack of
CDs right of the of the new Beyonce
album you're not gonna get anywhere I'm
not I'm just you're not gonna get any
we're making a point
all of those CDs are a copy and it's
still steel
it's fun
so everything's fine
it's easy to do it's easy to get away
with you're not gonna stop it by saying
that's bad it is no no I mean listen
maybe this conversation has enlightened
one person and that's fine
and more so I am I am the change that I
want to see I do not pirate I do not
steal I think we're doing pretty good
you made it into the second map so I'm
food I think I'm doing pretty good
okay I don't know what Gabe Newell's
take on piracy is I know his take on
piracy is to create the world's largest
DRM service well more importantly his
take on piracy was we need to make it
easier for customers to legally buy the
products I think it's burch and it's and
it's what did that just think that the
numbers have shown that gaming PC gaming
piracy has gone down since the end but
you don't
I want the mo or not I think I'm good at
a mo I think I'd rather have the food
oh yeah I'm definitely good on ammo oh
Jesus yeah well fearful slug boy I think
that's like a different that's a whole
different conversation feel feel for
fearful slugs boys bringing up something
like eBay or Game Stop set the
second-hand market right yeah in no way
benefits the original creator I still
think it's fine
because of in a perfect world it was you
know bought legally once
oh stop this thing
Oh No
beat that thing to death yeah like use
games the second-hand market is a hole
on the counter
why do you think they were Microsoft was
so big on getting rid of
gamestop and going to their their online
only you can't sell use games thing yeah
they can't make no money off that and
well yeah
you know what it is it is hard Jacky's
to learn from Radiohead in their take on
piracy well first of all yes it is hard
to know who is targeting who in this
game that would been nice if if they
would like color code targeting one guys
targeting one thing Radiohead is a
special situation you know Radiohead to
move down to the pay what you want model
hmm and even if that means nothing you
don't have to pay anything afford to do
that that's the thing is the Radiohead
started doing that after that they were
a giant band who everyone loved that
does not work for the little guys
there have been a wonderful services
since then that really help of
Afghanistan stuff that get smaller our
artists out there that their music easy
to access and then a decent chunk of
money
I'm curious do you believe in following
the law even if you personally don't
agree with that law and don't see any
valid reason for that law to not connect
stealing not just about you know events
in general not just about pot piracy
friends found exactly what we're talking
about so there's a lot of gray area
there I spent like ooh double-barreled
shotgun in general I would imagine if
such a law like if I was really against
such a law I would work on repealing
that law and I know you know many people
like well will say like what is there's
a name for like willful dissent not
usually like purposefully break the law
to raise awareness that the law is
unjust or something like that
several disobedience civil oh maybe
that's it civil disobedience so there's
a lot of gray area in there though I
would certainly thought a law was unjust
I want to urge my lawmakers to change it
I'm a work within the system kind of guy
yes simple disobedience god damn it rich
why I said it wants me what I press it
wrong don't really good
I'll be everything from really
can I Drive too much food
you said it as they finished typing I
figured it was the leg I'm still gonna
have fun with you
I can't yes I think a conscientious
objector is something else like I think
actually a conscientious objector
specifically applies to applying for the
draft and wartime yeah I think that one
that one was one more it's like if you
were if you were eligible for the draft
you'd be a draft dodger but doing it for
conscious
sit what if there's a situation where a
creator is being screwed by their
publisher would be okay to pirate it
then donate to the creator right well
like it
now we're talking about exceptions okay
it's like the hope is that one day we
will have a system and and we are
getting really closer to that a system
of direct engagement with creators
things like pink trim and Bandcamp and
YouTube and twitch and all these like
wonderful things where you can directly
give to the creators that our system is
actually becoming more and more I want
to say democratize but it's becoming
more transparent who is getting your
money and that should be considered a
good thing it needs to be easier to
target people yeah yeah cool coop really
need to fucking take a low chance
and it's found a teddy bear I I did hear
about that did you hear about the game
dev tycoon creators yeah who's seated
who's seated a copy of their game to
torrent sites with a special glitch in
it to make the games that you may be
overly pirated so you would always fail
every time that's funny I get it
it's really funny I had talked it
couldn't be done in time I had talked to
J and Mike about doing something similar
with space goblin seating a version
where like the first five minutes made
it through and then like slowly it
degraded it garbled but it would be very
subtle or light or like a lot of work we
should make our own like low-quality
version of space cop so that's really
just styrofoam behind this well what I
was think is like what if we just have
some Christmas lights behind there what
if we just overdubbed like all of your
dialogue into something weird and then
and then anyone who is complaining about
like the jokes not making sense we would
know that pirated it yeah I think that
would be really funny unfortunately
there was no time
why are you standing right next to each
other so I can't target any of you
individually not ease oh I see by the
way have you noticed that I'm steamed
they're selling movies now yeah I know I
don't get it I don't get it
the ecosystem people really like the
all-encompassing ecosystem went uluru by
you games chat with your friends
I don't download software all in one
convenient place I give zero fucks about
the ecosystem that's why I litter I'll
tell you what I owe shotgun my race my
friend I saw that on Steam - I there's
just so many better places to buy my
movies right now where it does not apply
to me
like my guess is the the steam movie
thing is very similar to their steam
game thing and any movie on any digital
service which is you do not own that
moving uni 6 and are able to watch it
through their system when you buy a
movie on iTunes this famously happened
one us too many if you buy movie on
iTunes you are leasing that movie and
paying for the ability to watch that
movie through iTunes but if all of a
sudden they decide to take that movie
off of iTunes it's gone
I have no right
Oh yep it's another cellphone earpiece
undo mush
they say you might be able to present be
to change to overhead targeting like an
overhead view of this overhead targeting
I don't know what that means
I don't even I will be honest with you I
don't need any of this
eat hunger
and walk in wait you're on the second
map now right yeah it's still
mountainous I thought these well we're
just walking we're not driving oh I just
thought the background might change one
do you begin to hear a faint sound of
energy noises in the distance spinning
around you scan the horizon behind you
several motorbikes with armed riders are
speeding directly towards you we're
armed to the teeth well
listen that's a you do you man you you
you've been rockin this wrong you've
been rocking oh you might get a
motorcycle you can kill them take their
motorcycle
they say oh no the Atlanteans are after
rich
you haven't have any antibiotics
yep that's fine
don't miss
yep it's fine
Oh - weapon jams Oh God what
why can't you search the bodies and ride
the motorbikes
there's this time they have a logic
problem with their choices rich got a
goddamn logic problem shame we couldn't
name Elliot after somebody in the chat
that would have been fun yeah would have
been fun
that would have been a lot of fun
also like wouldn't it be great if you
could loot the body of the guy who died
yeah take the equipment that you like
from him maybe I didn't try I'm not sure
it doesn't matter so where are you where
were you yeah
if you're gonna be in Milwaukee for a
day over the summer you should check out
the seafaring town during Summerfest see
what better plan if you are a music
person
Summerfest the world's largest music
festival if not we have plenty of fine
restaurants
I recommend the Bayview maybe I can play
the climax trans pizza go to classic
slice sausage restaurant called the
vanguard very good sausage there's good
kind if you're willing to spend some
money they have a constantly rotating
menu also a lazy susan not so expensive
but also a constantly rotating menu it's
one of those restaurants that they just
go to the farmers market and make
whatever the fuck they feel like it lazy
susan Crane restaurant
I see the bronze Fonz that's always nice
here in town during State Fair you know
State Fair was always fun lots of stuff
to do anymore
yeah tyranny sores Rex this does I think
this is getting a little say me
there's a I'm very low on health you've
made it a lot you've made it the
farthest are you there your thoughts and
feelings about this game only different
yeah yeah wait was that a yes or no
Jack you are entirely wrong about where
Happy Days took place the Cunningham
house was listed in the show in
Milwaukee what that's crazy town what
what sure what Happy Days yeah I I said
it took place in a suburb outside of
Milwaukee I'm supposed to be in in
Milwaukee proper why don't we give a
fuck about this because I need her
detail because I said something wrong
about a show from the 70s that took
place in the 50s they said something
wrong rich that makes you a monster that
makes me a monster
Jack tell rich this is a secret JRPG in
disguise I don't know what they get you
because I'm not exactly loving this here
here if you meant to say aha
or maybe they said that to push you over
that hate maybe they know your cave on
the fence so they want to push you over
you know what Len fly Kaczynski I have
not seen Zootopia my wife took my kids
to see it and she was like yes alright I
very rarely run to the theaters to see
movies yeah unless we're reviewing it
that's the kind of thing I'll see on on
Netflix or some kind of streaming
something or other yep I'm sure it's
I've heard fine things here's what
here's what everyone says is great it's
all I know about here's what I can tell
you as a parent my boy saw it and then
have never talked about it since really
never ever
they've never brought it up once I'm not
saying that makes it a bad movie and I'm
not saying that makes it a good movie
I'm saying that's very interesting I can
tell you I took them to see my neighbor
totoro in the theater and they have not
shut up about it for three months
that's what you know like they they see
like boots he'll transfer to
Transylvania Dominion and they love it
so I'm not saying that makes it a bad
movie I'm just saying it was interesting
it's my courtship is my cord shorting
out I'm very sorry
there how's that record Ralph was fine
though I'm sure a lot of that is video
game nostalgia movie yeah how much
that's video game nostalgia doesn't
matter yeah whatever
I'm giving a fuck about you or anyone
else I am I do want to see Jungle Book I
hear good things about the jungle book
order I'm looking forward to seeing the
jungle book movie I don't care at all
yeah I won't you know what I want to
know I want to know if they sing I don't
know if they still do this thing I like
the wreck-it Ralph I think it's fine
it's nice to have party members yes if
anything just for the extra gun
inventory meatball you that in the gun
mmm I would have I would have tackled
that fight otherwise
mr. butch next minute this is a machete
better than the next 15 hits chance my
chance tape my fire plus 10x tech delay
plus 25 bla chance the head plus I was
it got plus five plus five get out here
with that
give up on the road and live in the
shack that'd be nice
I should that would be nice that made a
smart thing maybe they'll be a good
option build yourself a little spike
fence on the outside buy some decent
huntin fishing in the area
but Thomas numbers
what that's not good
you're losing bullets rich yeah but he's
more well Wilson help taking the fight
doing the fight whatever you want I'm
taking it
hey hey hey take it out juicy rock beat
oh my god you're right you know what and
I didn't reset my stand-up timer because
I didn't think we'd be lasting this long
it was probably time to stand up for
anyone who needs to stand up oh yeah
rich is doing way better than I was
expecting
all right you're good we're gonna we're
gonna die okay Oh or not Oh stead
what do you bring to the party Sten
nothing
dim sum
yeah like this is the kind of thing
where we're in FTL you know you blow up
the enemy ship and you salvage stuff
right and that's Salvage stuff is all
randomized here but it's like in though
in this world why can't I take their
guns look just lying right there it's
it's following it's unnecessarily
following the rules set in a different
game you know yep
yeah and the fact that it's the exact
same battle music that plays nope
did you lose oh no you both alright what
that jerk stand step what a dickhead
I prefer this game to lessons yes yes
don't you like it don't you like your
mushrooms on visit luxurious
I don't like my boring drama with a
secondary consideration to gameplay no I
didn't enjoy that as much as this which
at least is a game first what kind of
game is it I know the third-person
shooter that's right it's 10:10 fucking
took your revolver man yeah I know we
did what a dickhead if I see him again
I'm gonna kill him I'm not kidding
fuck it I'm gonna bludgeon you and die
trunk are they freaking out about the
last of us come in I'm sure look at a
certain way right the story really out
of yeah well you know really if we're
gonna take this if we're gonna take this
medium serious as an art form it really
needs to be closer really related to a
different art form I'm happy I'm not big
game at all the only way we're gonna be
taken seriously as a narrative art form
is if we completely copy what other
narrative art forms are done but more
like the movies they driven really
believe and I've said this time and time
again they believe them despite the fact
that the third game completely cocked
things up like the Mass Effect games
they made the the storytelling part of
the gameplay like you were you made your
character it was story focused you said
the things you wanted to say you weren't
sitting there like a passive idiot and
watching people say things okay
okay get out of here what planet did you
want to explore next what what
adventures you want to go on now I get
to choose we're going over the grocery
store to get some beans and I want to
have talked about my choices in life
with the honor way there we're gonna
slowly walk yeah he used to be a farmer
growing up ball was a simple man he told
me God be a good man son they get to
shoot the zombies now please sir please
sir I want to shoot the zombies now
please before I met you I worked at the
porridge store look there's a zombie
over there go shoot him oh my God look
at all those zombies we better walk
around let's cut through this alley and
I can tell you about the beaver I used
to have as a kid which game is worse
this game or the Western XCOM game the
Western XCOM game I did not like that I
could I could I could I could be
convinced to play more of this and you
could not convince me to play more hard
West's rather play more hard West you
think I don't know I don't know anything
about let's not play either how about
that I think I'm done either well yeah
where's that twat sure at you
Western next time was called hard West
her East okay what baby are you
screaming I never had stop okay what's
going on I saw some people say something
but I'm fine okay
where were you rich goo baby Oh bother
twelve months in a row you see the
little bit more enthusiasm II finally
got to the spot where we say that it's a
twelvemonth and you say it like you just
don't give a fight that was sing-songy
12 you said that like you were walking
to the porridge store twelve months in a
row now stay away from those mushrooms
we wouldn't want anything exciting we're
gonna keep you safe the off switch
Magnus PU fifteen months in a row
Swedish hey I the real Quaid 18 months
in a row Michael John Cromwell fisted by
don't smoke 17 months in a row King
British gone British guy king named that
very much reminds me of Lucas Ducas this
new subscriber whose prime I'm sure he's
an old scribe or a subscriber in
disguise it's a sham - sham gobbledygook
21 fucking months in a row
Harry fed 15 months in a row second
twelve twenty
fifteen bout that our room hence frosh
hell but barn I'm gonna be that guy
seventeen months in a row I last 1984
chaos 14:28 nerdy ik okay
Theodore J hooker twenty fucking months
in a row spooky Dookie
shishi machinery specs for 15 months in
a row Yungas Borgnine ganga Sutton
dingus baba BA are all but turds are
green 17 months in a row Ludi ik I will
not stop saying your name wrong I'm
sorry Laurie yak-38
I can do it I think I don't really know
he's gonna correct me do probably rare
she reads Stardust 16 months in a row
gahafer jag Oh
however you think there that you read
though I'm very very bungle or Ernest
Khan 17 months in a row I'm sorry I've
lost my K is 87 17 months in a row oh
then I get to read machine gun funk
machine
okay it guitar guitar so 14 months in a
row what's happening is we are reading
all the people who subscribe to us
during the stream because we are about
to end the stream so I'm very sorry mr.
squishy if you just came in but we are
thanking what 'less 19 months in noble a
horrible glory 18 months in a row Thai
Rak the ancient stick man grid' 15
months in a row radio link down and
according to mr. shy smell we missed
mote a little mokey I forget for the
length it's 85 right okay be 85 yeah
mokey be 85 22 fucking months in a row
we're so sorry mokey where are you on
the list you're not on the list of will
scroll up I may be a scroll past when I
was wrong double check it does double
check okay we said it we said it how
about huggy snuggle sure now I'm 13
months in a row
Quino 17 months in a row old Pete 17
months in a row I mean she's dragging
the tribe down Brides nothing anymore
come on old Pete everyone's gotta slow
down so I can catch up apparently it was
from last week when the Twitter was not
ah oh we're very sorry Windows 10
Windows 10 beefcake has gotten us a
Windows 10 version and until rich
completely switches over we're still
gonna bring the windows 7 Drive hello
cat strikers
14 months in a row
