Apr 6, 2016
FTL: Faster Than Light, Hyper Light Drifter
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/70450549
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/70452327
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/70453377
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rMtxSPMRYfM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ofbmuSIUPCU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bxL6ObI0wm0
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/717801891824951296

[Part I]
OOP OOP I'm sick hello hello everybody
yeah you know for me mostly it's mostly
embarrassing hi everybody
an FTL thing good ready to start here
rich promised and gave his word that
that he would play FTL so we're here
playing FTL our ship we gone with her
sorry I could not make it on Sunday
family emergency
hopefully rich had a good stream but we
are here now and we are ready to FTL
rich is going to pause all I have
unlocked I got to dig out my this is
like me the steam version of the game I
don't like any hardly anything unlocked
I really need to dig out my gog version
everything amant at this point yeah so
what are you thinking
what what what will make a good FTL run
for you because you know what the last
the last time you tried you failed I
don't think I ever stream to mantas ship
ok well if I do something that'll give
me the best chance of winning it's like
the same ships I have used a ton of
times
oh ok yeah we'll try something new I
don't think I've ever streamed the
mantas ship ok great
all right you've got the keyboard right
I've got the keyboard you need to get so
we could maybe they get some name shit
let's just leave Jack we have a Jack you
have a jack we have a jack on the
showcase so just leave that I mean all
right fine kismet kismet let's see here
wait wait I'm doing the old name first
okay and wait until we delete it oh
sorry the real van and horrible glory no
and deleted that backspace Munchak
turtle wise
hey Shannon him boom wish members were
Bush ma'am sin' and where he were here
we're ready to go we're here I'm already
almost ready to go I have a beard this
love this lovely beer that someone sent
us all little cans of beer and I like
that because then I can have a couple I
not be drunk okay store right off the
bat quaint
I'll come come on store get get off it
it will never surrender gonna hard fruit
of slavers right right oh we don't have
sensors ship you don't have sensors yeah
not the mantis thing I know I haven't
used the ship that much I've never had
me I've never had much luck with the
default mantas ship there's one that's
got like a four-man teleporter that
thinks just flat-out overpowered
oh they do want to they want to know if
if we can move our facecam to the other
side so they can see your power
distribution yeah I think that's fair
we'll definitely do that we will be
playing hyper light drifter later rich
do you wanna get one good FTL runnin and
rich promised some FTL so we're gonna
start with FTL we'll get all the chatter
out of the way before I can't hear that
I'm gonna risk this oh we can turn up
the volume
deep on the old on the old TV there oh
it's a human
or human as they say silly human you are
no match for the mighty Zoltan oh we got
fired oh shit let's kick care of that
fire probably beam anyone over right -
people are almost dead already
yay you know it's FTL it's FTL rich what
did you hear the Warner Brothers news
today no Warner Brothers reeling from
the the disappointment that is Batman vs
Superman he's gonna make money yeah but
it's not going to make near projection
projected money well yeah they were
hoping for over a billion and it looks
like it's not gonna break a billion oh
no right so what does this mean for life
liberty justice
life liberty life liberty and justice
they have made what might be like one of
the stupidest announcements I've ever
heard
so they're big franchise movie didn't
meet expectations yeah
Warner Brothers and so they're their way
to repair that for future movies is to
only make big franchise movies
what yes its instead of instead of
saying well you know maybe what maybe
you know we can like work with a
different creative team instead of
saying well maybe we can hire different
producers to demand it instead of saying
well let's focus on other movie
properties we have they're saying no
let's only concentrate on the big
franchise movies that aren't doing as
well hey they can be as dumb as they
want well double down zack snyder's
that's exactly what they're doing
they're doubling down on Zack Snyder big
name didn't work let's go with a big
name
what the fucks aren't working
we do have twitter on yeah we have the
twitter up and running
and you know what I get it like I get
their love of Zach Sanger because oh no
I just don't go my family I got enough
juice you're a powerful one single one
stop that's true
like I'm sure what the pitch for the the
whole Man of Steel and daunting Justice
League movies was is like the anti
Marvel movies right like we're making
movies for grown-ups
right that was X nighters that was X
night are saying like here's how we can
make ourselves different than the other
successful superhero movies right and
I'm sure the the higher-ups that want a
brother said this is it this is exactly
how we make our mark this is exactly how
we like differentiate ourselves from the
Disney machine and once you sell an idea
like that it's hard for them to shift
courses you know like as a creative you
you want to be like well let's roll with
the punches maybe but that didn't work
we'll see if this works but no no this
is what we've all agreed on so we have
to do this until we got basically the WB
they want to be different than Marvel
they know that
it's just it's silly news this is I'm
having Big Mike issues g√ºnther studios
hack frauds tell us about the clown
stream experience I loved it
slide whistle clown horn rich were you
clowning around on Sunday so you guys
still play you're still the facade I was
planning on doing that you think it's
okay to spill the beans
but I'm always wrong well so III was I
was prepared just to let the bid go but
no I thought it was I thought it was
Vaughn it was interesting it was it was
tough for me all right Rob fader 12
whoever said this this I forgot who
because I'm a jerk this birthday cake
sewed up that's great Rob babe this is
great and let's see here and because
movie I see move me over to mo oh sorry
with all these names I thought moved me
was a name no way because move me
wait yeah and it changes I okay okay
cool
it would nose it was it was very
interesting and you know let's not do it
again for a while I think that was there
now you got ready before you came here
yes what what the hell did your wife
have to say about this my my wife was
not home when I left the house my
mother-in-law was over though to watch
the boy oh my god and you know already
though like she knows like what I do is
what I do I play video games she knows
so like already she's just like and
before that you know like I make videos
were people you know high five in past
years so it's like already you leave the
how she turns at least you could have
done so much better
she loves me she loves me it's always
worked you know no she gets it she and
she she has a good time with it but and
the boys were just really confused like
I had the clock first they were like I'm
not sure they'd even like know what a
clown he was the clown is creepy my
clown is Caribbean so you know and I
didn't have the whole outfit on because
like I didn't want to like rip the
outfit I'm not the guy over so I just
had the clown makeup and the wig on and
when I left the house and so they were a
little confused
can the slide whistle knock away I
should have I should keep the slide
whistle here I love the slide whistle I
invested I could have gotten a $2 slide
whistle yeah but I invested in the $10
slide whistle because it made it much
better totally worth it totally worth it
totally worth it you know it was fine
and actually Lisa said because she knew
about the time stream she said she was
watching through she has a secret twitch
name and so she's in chat sometimes she
does not want her name to be no no and
she said she she tuned in for a little
bit just to see what it looked like and
she said it was creepy as hell of course
cuz it was yeah I loved it which
deserves a cheese sandwich with two
slices of cheese for what yes I do yes
so in any case it was I I thought it was
fun
I don't know if we'll be doing it again
anytime soon and if we do we'll probably
probably be upping the amount instead of
cakes
cuz it was tough that was tough for me
yep not to talk I thought my balloon
animals were on point though especially
with my octopus I was really happy with
my octopus
yeah oh let's see O'Neil Breen says hey
Jack please check out ultimate chicken
horse on stream on Steam it's a great
platforming party game that would be
great to stream I love playing it okay
the growing hat was great I'm glad you
liked that I enjoyed the riches
ever-expanding hat hold on I need to
write down ultimate chicken horse the
Neal Greene says ultimate chicken horse
ultimate chicken okay done got it
and the real van says Jack I'm a little
disappointed in how the clown stream
ended just as rich was about to turn off
the stream you should have turned to
face him and screamed at the top of your
hoo-ha well rich did it rich rich looked
over really quick and said oh my god
yeah but I don't know if everyone heard
that probably should have the lake
responded to the it's true we really do
you should have done that like you
normally do
oh you think and then I could have said
turned and said oh my god oh my god
and I was thinking about that yeah I was
thinking about ending it with me saying
something but the deal was I wouldn't
talk all stream true you're a man of
your word I was a man I'm a man of my
word and so that was the deal I wanted
to so I wanted to abide by that scarf or
so one says hey Jack check out enter the
gungeon
new roguelike twin stick shooter I think
you might like you are right I am gonna
check that out I haven't decided whether
or not I'm going to get that for ps4 or
for senior is the real thing it comes
out of ps4
it's on Steam it's on ps4 and I like to
make sure I have a couple games on ps4
for when I'm editing and can't lose my
computer like while I'm exporting video
is the step I am gonna do that I just
haven't decided yet gutter stars I was
going to tip last week but didn't want
to distract from stardew valley thank
for the great stream are you thank you
new start new Valley episode is almost
done I've got a little busy with other
stuff but I I think overall it's a very
pleasant game yeah I think we can both
agree on that we have conflicting
feelings about it but overall I think
it's a very pleasant game and I'm glad
you enjoyed it gutter stars sham kids
sama says I watched the Sunday stream
but whilst programming every time I
looked up the balloon hat was bigger and
more elaborate also which I hear you
were no dunce with a pen where can I see
your drawings
don't drop much you draw well not
compared to real people who can draw
actually well I'm so well do it do you
have a deviantART page no Rob Vater 12
how much for rich to silently play a
game while Jack and Jay have a
completely unrelated conversation that
can happen really happen any time Oh
literally every time Jacobs that's
exactly what happens but I
Anonymous is what WTF Jack is the clown
man if these clowns read this please
everyone else donate one dollar and 99
cents to bring the price of donation
from $2 to $1.99 every penny count I
have gotten in the habit of just my
streak of lousy games with the
mentorship is a continuing no I'm sorry
we've already lost people uh-huh it's
fucking stupid bombs keep missing I'm
very sorry
ships on fire like in a lot of fire it's
like on all the fire urban vermin I I
don't necessarily have a favorite
Superman comic book story cuz I'm not a
huge Superman fan I did just recently
read grounded the the trade for the
Superman grounded where Superman decides
to walk across the United States and I
really enjoyed that specifically book 1
book 1 is really simple and basic the
most the most super thing Superman does
is a talk to someone who's about to jump
off a building he talks to a suicidal
lady it's pretty it's pretty super
that's pretty super oh fuck and I kind
of love just how like in the first book
he doesn't really do anything like super
super so Superman grounded I really
enjoyed that that was
it was grounded it was a down-to-earth
little story good book good book I'm
okay with with Max's Superman his uh
American alien I've only read the first
two issues of American alien and it
didn't pull me in an incredible amount
but what I've read I enjoy it a little
bit of Karen likes it
yeah okay Karen likes it Manny the Vera
King says thanks for being a good sport
Julia doing the doing the haunting
haunting noise with the whistle was
creative also standing upright as I told
rich to push the chair over was
unplanned yes that worked perfectly I
was perfectly Google Jack box party pack
I don't know what that is Manny the Vera
King so I'm suspicious about googling it
turtle being something turtle the wise
says did you guys see the three second
clip of rogue one the Star Wars spin-off
oh my god is there through singing clip
I really so don't care if Mike and J
don't ask me to be a part of that
episode yes no good reason they would
I'm not gonna bother going to see it
okay it's an RT trivia game okay cool oh
yeah yeah it's some kind of multiplayer
you don't know jack oh okay cool cool I
did I also did not see the three second
clip I saw the Marvel is like announcing
the Poe Dameron comic and it looks a lot
like the actor wait I tried not like
there are very few movies that I get
really hyped about beforehand
mhm you know I'm a little hyped for
civil work of Spidey's in it because
it's Spidey I I'm sure it's gonna be
fine Star Wars the new Star Wars is fine
but that's one fine movie is not a
pattern like I'm excited for any Marvel
Cinematic Universe movie because they
have a consistent output their movies
are consistently good - great so I will
be excited about those movies you got
one good Star Wars one let's see if they
can make another good one okay then
we'll start talking about getting
heats truck says rich never got around
to thanking you for playing the last of
us that I donated you back in October
even though I could since you didn't dig
it very cool thank you thank you
also thanks jack I knew you would hate
it nobody
rich what says Neil bring it I have
three satellite dishes on the back of my
car right now just thought you should
know thank you oh yes after this battle
I will remind rich to me the face game
again oh yeah okay battles over rich
move the face game old tabby this is a
team effort Jack team effort all tabbed
look at us both rich and I wearing blue
today that was unplanned who would wear
blue wearing we're wearing blue shirts
and it's it's unplanned its unplanned it
seems to bother you it's just weird
why because you know it's a very common
color very common color but we're here
together we're streaming together it
seems like a uniform it's not a uniform
or something everything's fine
everything's fine tired and sad hey guys
what movie based on a major comic book
had the best mix of artistic license
just for the film but also maintaining a
strong understanding of the source
material Iron Man 3 I remember one I
remember one Iron Man does a great job
Iron Man 3 isn't the best movie ever
made but it's not the piece of shit
people say it is it's good it's a good
action movie yes I arms a good iron -
good character movie yeah I as everyone
knows Iron Man 3 is but I think it's a
perfect deck I don't understand the the
vehement hate I just don't people hate
that movie have you never read any of
our comment sections god no why would I
read the comment sections I would never
ever read your comment sections
there was a minor shitstorm in the one
of the one of the last videos really of
the Batman versus Iron Man 3
oh you mean Archon someone someone went
insane really yeah because I mean like
daya man and didn't like Batman vs
Superman I most mostly because we liked
Iron Man 3 really yeah
Iron Man 3 is a perfect action movie
there was hit like it was like a wall of
text about how horrible Iron Man 3 was
really I just said TLDR they hate that
they know that the the fact that they
changed the Mandarin was perfect that's
exactly how you update a character that
probably wouldn't work in modern day
listen we are about to see whether or
not they can get magic to work in a
movie there there are maybe a hundred
people out there who give a shit about
the Mandarin oh you think you know you
think a hundred one hundred say there's
a hunt wild I think that's being very
very
oh my god I lost the word I wanted to
say it's fine
but no you know the Mandarin what's the
Mandarin in the comic books he has he
has rings that give him magic powers
right mm-hmm that's it come on
that's not gonna work on a night that's
not gonna work in a modern day we're
gonna see if if benadryl I suppose in
theory you could do some kind of updated
mystical villainy sure the Marvel
Cinematic Universe has grown I think to
the point where it wouldn't be out of
place
having mysticism in what's otherwise a
technology movie well that's the
advantage of having a cinematic universe
you can mix and match these things what
we're getting there now yeah at the time
not a thing on but like they just
wrapped on Doctor Strange yeah
so I think I think at the time it would
have been weird of suddenly this
mystical villain agreed I mean we get
into some of that with Thor yeah but no
but who cares before it seems like
advanced technology and Thor though they
don't make it really seem like magic
right yeah agree so yeah maybe maybe
down the down the line we'll get a
another Mandarin no it's what doesn't
Thor is magic no they're they actually
have a line in Thor about like what you
humans perceive to be magic you know is
just technology out of your limited
mindscape or something of the life
Iron Man 3 gave stark a great arc Beyond
Iron Man literally that's the whole
thing
the whole movie is about is is the is
the power of the man or is the power of
the hero or is the man that you look
right that's literally that the theme of
the entire movie and it's beautiful
I'm so pumped about Shane Black's new
movie I just saw the trailer for did you
what is this new movie it's got like a I
oh I forget it what's what Shane blacks
new movie you guys don't nice
careful you're gonna make that person go
crazy again good let him let him Papa I
don't give a shit they need to pop a
vessel any sufficiently advanced
technology is indistinguishable from
magic that's right I think some weirdo
on the internet and something Mia's
gonna like somehow bother me no be very
well the nice guys the nice guys it has
um Oh who's the very handsome man from
the driver all you need to know is the
shame it's a shame black I know there's
a flair here and I want to get out of
here as fast as poss gotta get out of
there as fast as you can okay
ah let's see here oh no mrs. Jack just
wanted to say that say you're a hero for
last dream as far as I'm concerned
you're the hack fraud we need not the
one we deserve you and rich made my
entire day keep up the great room thank
you anonymous
listen I it was a fun experiment we said
we would I said I would do that we did
it and it was it was a good time where
are we boring Ryan Gosling that's what
I'm talking about Ryan Gosling and don't
keep bombing
stop and not Kurt Russell not Russell
Crowe what's his name it doesn't matter
let's not his name is my ships on fire
and I can't think about it right now
his name is my ship is on fire and I
can't think about that right now tired
and sad says what do you think of Iron
Man three producers backtracking and
said that there is a real Mandarin
outside of Kingsley and guy Pearce's
character when they made accompanying
Marvel one-shot short film I know I
never look into that expanded universe
stuff I've watched the movies the movie
is all that matters I don't care like if
the producer said that they're in
they're dumb and that was and that was
them kowtow to the hundred people who
would like that's not my Mandarin crew
are dying rich I have the cloning site
cutter sighs I said I didn't want to
distract from starter value but I'm all
I got d powered hard to get you powered
that's what a little thing how did you
get D powered I don't know did you did
you take that one away and put it
somewhere else I don't think I did I'll
fuck it now we're just doing do you lose
him forever yeah
have I ever played a game that made me
vomit yes there was a die-hard game for
the Nintendo 64 he was a first-person
shooter in a Nintendo 64 and it just
about moving no it did make me vomit it
was a die hard game for the n64 and was
awful where's it done oh we're done I'm
very sorry rich wait gutter services I
said I didn't want to distract from
starting value but I mean no disrespect
to FTL you got tons of tips with only
rich at the helm so I didn't tip as I
didn't want to add to the noise cheers
no problem gutter stars we feel yeah we
get you the off switch says I was
generally genuinely surprised to see I
was generally surprised they were using
the Mandarin I don't know much about the
Iron Man comics but to me that just
sounded like you called the bad guy the
evil Asian guy he sounded stupid right
because when the Mandarin was created it
was acceptable to say stuff like that
and so they were modernizing it it's
great gruff McNew to have an evil Asian
man I don't think there's anything wrong
with that no but I think it may even
also have good Asian people I think it
made extra sense in this in Iron Man 3
's world because like you know the
Mandarin did sound like people saying
like oh you know that Arabian guy you
know they're afraid of offending China
which is where they make a ton of their
money oh sure that's what it is that's
what it is I also think good part of it
was not wanting to go the mystical route
I think that was more of it is not
wanting to go the mystical round
hello Jen says gruff Macmillan Terry
welcome back jack great show last time
thanks again for including me in your
gallant crew last stream keep the hull
green and watch out for those flare
stars could for fuck now I were just Fox
there's just two yeah they're both
Angie's and I got a ship with a teleport
oh I'm sorry so it's like why bother
yeah
we're fucked um weird bond weird bondage
furry says rich and Jack love rlm and
what'd you guys do is there an
underrated movie you guys can recommend
blind fury you have mentioned this I
love Glenn Fury rich loves blind fury
I'm pretty vanilla as far as my movie
day so I like everything I like is
probably just normal so fucking Iron Man
please watch our pin three it's perfect
so fucked one small ball says how much
cock could a cock fucker fuck if a cock
fucker could fuck cocks also LOL fuck my
dick
does he have any kind of like how much
cock could a cock fucker fuck if a cock
fucker could fuck what's this what's his
health condition like he's they have
like a skin condition that might make a
skin like chafe easier that's a factor
yeah like a age location like how long
is the day what kind of day job does he
have is this his day off can you use
multiple orifices to fuck the cock well
no cuz that's not fun well I guess
that's fucked and what defines fucking a
cock you know is BG fucking the cock and
can can brakes be taken is that allowed
and what's the time frame there's a lot
of factors you don't have in this
equation think it out better and ask us
again if we're gonna solve for X we need
to all the all the other variables Thank
You turtle the Y's you can kill me and
my counterpart riches done son I am I am
well I'm thinking about scrapping this
by the way I'm turtle wise and because
movie yeah I think I think I should just
scrap it and then name them in the new
show sure this is this is fun okay this
is fun I'm calling this run is fucked
also am I the only one looking forward
to Doctor Strange be well do you have
any thoughts on Doctor that's a strange
I don't know let me see some previews on
what they're doing before I tell you if
I'm all boy or not but I mean he looks
great
Benedict Cumberbatch we're gonna play it
safe because I said good luck with the
Kestrel alright so we need because movie
and why's that someone else now Basara
Smashing Pumpkins who just did get back
together they just played their first
show with their original guitarist after
like 15 years I don't know if that was
supposed to be a joke but they just got
back together
okay and because movie and then thank
you John Quito boom
first name myself oh my god I was never
big on the Smashing Pumpkins good
they had like to me they had a couple
good songs that's a lot of bands there's
a whole lot of bands right no they had a
couple good songs yeah that's why I was
never big on him I knew some people who
were just so incredibly into them and I
was like yeah I never much cared for his
singing voice game you know it's a
spider all my rage I am still just a rat
in a cage would we consider playing this
nest our Fox I was alone yeah yeah sure
it's fine that's a great game it's fun
you'll love it enough we hate everything
you hate everything rich
rich have you scenes have you seen
Zootopia no I have also not seen
Zootopia I hear good things I'm sure
it's fine okay a atomic mousetrap says I
just looked it up the Mandarin uses
alien technology and just makes it look
like magic to fool people or something
it's just silly if I was ready just
silly well he says if I was writing a
movie I wouldn't use that guy either
comics have a you know you can explain a
lot of backstory in comics you got years
to explain the villains you know
oh my god we were talking with Jay just
a little bit ago and we didn't ask him
if he saw the witch
I'm so sorry favorite customer we don't
know if Jay Jay saw the witch he loves
it is that true
they saw the witch and he loves it Jason
oh is that true he's not confirming
whether or not that's true I do I don't
trust it i don't trust it i don't like
it it's like who also who cares about
like how they portrayed the mandarin ben
kingsley is fucking phenomenal as both
the evil mandarin and as pretend that
character isn't the mandarin and tell me
he didn't do a great job no it's
brilliant yeah as both as both parts
he's brilliant okay do you like animal
crossing no no I don't like animal
crossing hate it I remember playing it
when it first came out and just not
understanding what the fuck I was
supposed to be doing I was constantly
bored and then it's just like we'll come
back tomorrow and you can do a little
bit more and I was like ah what if I
don't want to come back tomorrow
well if you come back tomorrow maybe
you'll get a gift if you give people but
other presents is that fuck you
fuck you Animal Crossing never been a
fan
nice
damn
could you guys retro actively think of a
worse song to put the suicide squalor
Squad trailer - oh that was the other
news sorry to take your question and go
off on the thing did you heard about the
reshoots for suicides because of the
criticism of Batman vs Superman they are
now reshooting Suicide Squad to make it
funnier okay there so so you know they
think they think Donna justice is
perfectly fine movie nothing wrong with
Donna of Justice nothing wrong
everything but our plan is to to change
everything about our future movies sick
Nick bro no I do not like going to major
league baseball games I do not like
going to any sports events well I just
kind of like insert one-liners that
weren't there before how are they going
to accomplish this
do you remember remember the little
one-liners in in Batman vs Superman how
how that totally played well with the
rest of the movie how that was totally
felt like it was meant to be there
like when like when when Martha Kent was
like you must be friends with my son I
could talk us to the cave that was a fun
joke in the middle of a really fun scene
I am sobering every single is she with
you I mean I know I've issues with you I
know I've been the one talking with her
and I kind of invited her here but is
she with you huh no I think mr. Krantz
than that what's in grandma's little
solution oh no oh well the Batman said
no I thought she was with you but he
knew already that she wasn't with him he
knew already
honestly Jay Broudy I am not necessarily
excited for Dark Souls 3 as you as you
know I'm a big fan of blood-borne I was
a huge fan of XCOM I wasn't super hyped
before XCOM 2 came out right it became
your black hole is it still your black
hole or not you've gotten I've gotten
kicked my head I had a I had a commander
run where I lost nobody Soho that's
right that's right
so you've reached the zenith I'm sure
I'll go back to it at some point I'll
tackle the legendary but sure worldwide
that's 701 million
all right yeah we live in a weird world
and that's not not so well I mean
production budget advertisement I'm sure
it's not making a ton of mine and they
want and and more importantly it's a
movie starring two of arguably the most
recognizable characters in all of
fiction yeah it should be making more
money if it was even a halfway decent
movie it would be making money hand over
fist
whatever it makes it could have made a
lot more that's the thing and that's
what everyone I want to brothers is is
he's going through right now like man
why isn't this making money and and
here's the the sick thing is if you look
at all of Zack Snyder's movies past past
300 if you look at the Watchmen and if
you look at sucker punch and if you look
at Man of Steel his movies have the
exact same taper on strong opening
weekend and then harsh downturns because
of bad word of mouth and important and
it's like it's obviously Zack Snyder's
fault and for some reason Warner
Brothers just doesn't want to admit that
namely he must be under contract oh I
hate you I hate you I hate everything
it's quite possible that rich will play
the original XCOM on screen but you know
there's always new shit there's always
new shit and there's always f2 y'all oh
man that this encountered sucked I think
300 is fine I think it's my movie
because you know why it's not pretending
to be anything but a damn action I kind
of love the East or historical event
it's based on I know it was hyper style
sure but you know what the style worked
for the fight scenes were at the time
that style was novel
before that became do Zack Snyder's
garbage thing that style was interesting
and unique a novel the fighting was fun
was a dumb action movie it was naked
ladies in it how could you not like it
there's naked ladies and hot dudes all
over everybody loves it I don't think
there's anything wrong with three
you just made garbage movies afterwards
that's right taco salad Tuesday says I
remember when I saw three hundred and
out and I was like wow abs right she's
hot dudes everywhere three hundred is
silly three hundred is a silly action
movie and it's fun hyper violent fought
action sequences hot dudes I have really
sour feelings about the remake of Dawn
of the Dead because I remember seeing it
in the theater and enjoying fine movie I
know you don't like fast zombies but
Donovan said I really enjoyed watching
in the theaters and so my cousin and I
rented it when it came out on DVD and it
was the director's cut
we're like shit yeah more violence more
blood and Zack Snyder has this little
speech he gives before you watch the
movie and his speech was like I'm really
happy that my director's cut I got
released
I feel like this cut of the movie is a
much more personal film and it really
means a lot that I was allowed to
release you know my full vision yeah and
I want to say the only thing that
changed is there were some extra sexy
yeah
I'm like what a prick that's a that's
all I kept thinking is like what a dick
in Dems the brakes not as the broom I
don't know what's tell you jack
I don't know what tell you it just made
me it it made me look down on him as a
person and really that was what was more
personal to you
just some extra sex scenes Schneider was
the stunt cock I would believe it yeah
his Watchmen movie completely missed the
point of the Watchmen he's watching the
movie as shit
I know a lot of people say it's alright
yeah that's alright but it's like now if
you read the comic it's not alright I
really did not like his watching I
remember the hyper cool fight scenes in
Moline no of course yeah because that
the point is they're there they're
washed up superheroes there in the real
world this doesn't is the point right
right
some of it was kind of cool like you
know I like how they did roar Rorschach
I thought he looks cool but he's the
cool character the comic is just so
great and then like everything
everything memorable shot wise in the
Watchmen is just a direct rip from a
comic panel you know the only
interesting thing they did in a great
was a montage yeah was the the intro
montage which lasted three minutes and
then everything else was a complete rip
of the comic
that's the point
Watchmen rules fuck all of you listen
the you know obviously like any time you
have this argument everyone says the
book is better but but this this time
like not only is the better but the
movie misses the point of the story the
movie misses what makes those characters
interesting everything you're doing
everything oh sorry I know I've missed
some some tips sorry about that let's
see here
Neal Breen is the best says first time
I've been able to watch a stream well
I've loved you guys what do you think
about procedurally generated or crafting
heavy games like Minecraft some games
crafting he works like in started valley
crafting really fits with everything
you're doing I'm assuming minecraft much
the same way I'm eventually played
Michael but like if I'm crafting health
packs in an action game I just I just
find it an annoying block between me and
the action oh sure sure yeah and you
know what I I think I've seen procedural
generation done really well and I've
seen it done really poorly I've also
seen crafted levels done really well and
done really poorly you just have to know
your game
that's that's a really bad answer to
that I'm really sorry that there's no
more definite thing also your sub and
tip sounds are off I don't know I'm not
sure why I'm not sure why either
let's see here mr. buck mr. buckets 88
says hey Jack rich it's my birthday this
weekend and I'm allergic to beer any
recommendations for a good cocktail I
don't drink
rich what's your recommendation for a
good come on how about a Jones birthday
cake flavored soda ooh you know what
actually and you know if you if you want
to make a company just dump a little rum
in that birthday good cousin you know
rums a sweet liquor
get a little rum and birthday oh yeah
and I'm not a cocktail person I just I
stick with the basics Jack and Coke
that's usually my cocktail of choice
just a simple Jack Neil brains is Jack
when I watch rich playing FTL I like to
pretend he's a starship captain in the
Federation it's humorous because Picard
would never yell out I hate you I hate
everything listen rich would be the road
captain I've been a captain I like the
mercenary ship yeah criminals that are
stealing the artifacts and you know like
they have you know they're not
necessarily bad guys they have their own
moral code but you know Picard runs into
them and tries to set him straight maybe
he does maybe he does
anonymous says is it true that Suicide
Squad is part of the DC Universe if it
is do you find the DC Universe thing for
future movies pretty depressing
it sure is depressing because bet your
two most hopeful your most hopeful
character is depressing
yes your beacon of hope yes a beacon of
death is a glum emo motherfucker
selfish he's a selfish unlikable prick
and your contrast to that is a rich
unlikable prick so that's all you got I
just erased Batman's supposed to be a
prick right I do believe that suicide
squad is supposed to be canon DC
Cinematic Universe that means I believe
they have a sequence with Batman and
it's this supposed to be the same Batman
I don't know if it's a Flex what it's
the same costume so I do believe it is
supposed to be WB deserves to go
bankrupt for the whole Zack Snyder
business I I was really hoping that the
movie wouldn't do as well as it did
because I think it's bad
but who knows Anonymous wants you to
name all of your crew members Dylan nope
that's what we got Manny the bear King
says with the oculus and vive out her
vivre VI V sure do you guys have any
interest in allocating prereq funds to
one or both of these devices for
reviewing them you like you did the
steam controller we talked about it
and we're still discussing it it's the
big hot thing right now also we don't
give a fuck these are exactly where we
are because neither of us care about VR
it's kind of a big a fan ideas go oh
it's actually really different difficult
to program games for these yeah just
making a normal game or or they'll go
like make games with VR capabilities but
also non VR capabilities and those it's
all better how about I try to aim myself
I can't hit shit as it turns out I would
make a really really bad hero I guess
I'll just stick to playing game I keep
hitting my girlfriend in the face she's
just really mad at me she totally broke
up with me but I got my vivre still so
so so we're not worried it would be neat
for a flight to me could be though I'd
still want something tactile for the
fucking controls that's gonna be that's
one of the fatal flaws they interacting
with objects in the world you really
look like a go even there you'll be like
a ghost pretending you're interacting
with things
yeah I'm grabbing that flight stick
hahaha altameyer puts it very well he
says do you like game consoles try
putting one on your face like that
amazing well but that's that's our like
you know cuz obviously you know we want
to stay current with what's happening in
the gaming world
so we should buy a VR headset but also
we don't care so we shouldn't buy VR
headset that's exactly where we are and
we're still discussing it Sarah Sarah
Chan says obligatory tip of the day
thank you sir EJ you anonymous rich
finished preacher a few days ago and
awesome loved it
can you recommend anything with a
similar tone I don't really know
superhero century well good comments if
you want if you just want the dark humor
I don't have any of the religious
overtones but the same creative team
that did preacher Steve Dylan the artist
and Garth eNOS later yeah they had our
run on The Punisher which has that same
dark humor oh okay so you can check that
out one card lied Garth eNOS also did
porn yeah yeah this is not really like
preacher oh yeah no dark humor but I
just really like this that's just kind
of dark yeah right a bit with the
airplane when Steve bites it oh oh oh
yes so the same guys did a Punisher run
yeah you don't know the names just look
look at Steve Steve dilemma carnitas the
name is just that just punish your
volume whatever oh okay I'm with you
dan Talley on Huber they had her they
had a regular run on the book
it wasn't a miniseries Oh dandelion
Huber says birthday cake soda and rum
the official drink of prereq it's called
it's called the lol fuck my cocktail
made it work I like it made it work I
like it I like it I like it elegant and
we have lots of people saying Garth eNOS
Punisher is awesome
anonymous I see you oh you're also
looking at the Sandman mystery theatre
you're not gonna find like the humor in
Sandman mystery theatre I just think
it's a fucking good book if you don't
like superhero comics Sandman mystery
theatre is for you just a normal dude
just a normal dude really striking art
style two really good art style very
different
oh my god they have birthday cake vodka
you birthday cake soda and birthday cake
vodka would probably probably be
vomit-inducing too much cake too much
cake scar force oh one says eNOS did a
graphic novel called pride and joy it's
great okay there you go there you go
Darth anus Garth
eNOS not dark Darth anus would be the
worst set a theatre blue I actually just
played city of horror the other weekend
it's very interesting game is it the
board game oh the board game called city
of horror and it's about escaping a
zombie filled city okay but it only
consists of four terms Oh
okay and it's it's it's very interesting
you get randomly assigned survivors and
items and basically it's not so much
about the zombies I mean obviously there
are zombies that can hurt you but it's
more about bargaining with the people
around you for supplies yeah to fight
off the zombies and so like you have to
deal less with the zombies and more with
the other people you're playing with who
turn into dicks really fast just like
the zombie apocalypse it's like it's
it's just this game where like resources
are really scarce and you have to like
bargain with the randomly allocated
resources so your characters can live
and it we all we only played it a couple
times but it's a fun fun game
we also played the Marvel legendary
villains expansion for for the Marvel
Legends Largent legendary game you're
loving that fuckin love I'm gonna
fucking love it we lost we lost three
times in a row really that's good that's
good and it felt like they felt like
they were earning losses we screwed up
but the villains expansion you play as
the villains oh you have to fight the
heroes so it's kind of yeah it's fun
I like I like the heroes better just
because that's where my - that's just it
is time to stand up everybody stand up
we've been sitting for an hour let's
stand what what what
how do you want Elvis dance
I am I'm lunging right now big lunch
big lunch and the other light you can't
see but I'm big lunging
okay great
Oh God we got we got Pete we got p-pop
stoppers for our microphones and I'm
actually gonna take it off because it's
annoying me it's annoying me so I'm
gonna take it off again I try to take it
off I don't much care for it and I don't
think I really need it I don't think I
really need to be pop stoppers the be
pop stoppers mr. bucket 88 says it's
pronounced mr. bucket I probably should
have added that see anonymous says any
chance you guys will play day of the
tentacle remastered I don't personally
have much interest I don't like pointing
clicks rich does not like pointing place
Jack do you have any interest not I
played it a little bit of it once and I
got pretty bored yep I'm gonna say I
also don't like pointing flights in my
limited point-and-click adventure gaming
history which is very very little
I have not enjoyed myself
so probably not smelter wedge in all of
us says have you guys read the Marquis
buy guide Davis the Marquis the setting
is similar to blood-borne and the art is
fantastic
you know what smelter wedging all of us
I will add that to my reading list the
Marquis
oh that's right I forgot to look up that
Mike Mignola Batman Lovecraft
comics this is why I write things down
the Marquis by guy Davis guy Davis I'll
look into that
okay great great great great yeah I've
just never been a big fan of the point
clicks lately I've just been playing a
lot of salt and sanctuary been thinking
I'm making I've been thinking about
making a little video on it cuz there's
some things I want to say about it just
a little video of your oh there's a
little just a little Jack only video I
started writing up a script and then I
hated myself for it yeah maybe I'll just
talk it out and see what happens but
then it's like now I can't just talk it
out
that's what rich is for we talk we talk
it out together celebrate a script but
like I'm writing the script and I'm like
everything I'm saying is dumb son of a
bitch nice by the way nice one right I
was thinking about it cuz rich hasn't
been playing it and it's my kind of game
and I just have some things to say about
it
I think the things I have to say are
dumb but I might do it anyway
just to see if it works just to see if
it works
yes FTL rich really wants to win at FTL
before we play hyper light drifter
they have played enough where if I die
I'm not starting again okay great
are you looking forward to hyper light
drifter I am that has been on my on my
want on my check this game progress when
it comes out list for a while so I am
looking forward to let's see here turtle
the wise says I watch every movie that
comes out over the next four days that
must be tiring that's kind of tired so
over the next four days I'm going to
hardcore Henry midnight special
demolition and the boss any thoughts on
any of these John's I am very curious
about hardcore Henry
that's the first-person action movie
really it's a movie shot entirely in the
first rounds like a bad idea
yes it does that's why I'm really
curious about it
doesn't it sound a horrible yes it
sounds so horrible so that just makes me
want to see it very badly
is it gonna work is it not gonna work if
it doesn't work why not well because
it's shot entirely in the first-person
perspective but I kind of want to see it
fail you know so that yeah that one I
really want to see hardcore him it what
it looks like is someone saw like that
YouTube video that was shot in
first-person perspective that lasted a
minute and a half and said hey we can
make a whole movie out of that
we'll just strap a GoPro to someone's
home it'll be great it'll be great
a production budget will be two dollars
how do we make a movie that will
entertain the kids they like the video
games they like video games and YouTube
videos I got strap a girl pro -
someone's in great it'll be great
also the boss I am NOT I don't like that
lady who's the who's the larger lady
comedian she's she's in the new
Ghostbusters Melissa McCarthy is sure I
don't like her
yeah I don't find her funny I don't
think I've seen anything else she's been
in I don't think I've seen anything
she's been in ok so I don't find her
very funny save the engine you saved the
drum schematic or save ourselves you
could use another person on your ship
yeah really good
alright a keyboard you know oh yeah
oh wait what it says stream offline that
drew
no sister still I'm that's waited on you
know in chatty it said stream offline
chatty I don't know yeah I don't says
we're still streaming they would all be
saying you're not streaming you're
online you're screwed okay great
nevermind okay so uh alright alright
okay let's see here backspace backspace
backspace backspace
Neil brain is the best right is the
first subscriber I saw oh we need a
people picking app people thinking app I
think beefcake is working on some sort
of person randomizer that would be great
some sort of random I fit and enough
occasion if not beefcake you don't have
to work on it I just thought you want
your your watcher is worth its weight in
gold you should try to sell that to
other streamers you should because it's
amazing and it's a great app yep
okay let's see here skull skull Tula
house as first-person movie they need to
make a movie out of super hot super
super what you are not in control
super fuck you I'm not in control I'll
show you you stupid game actually yeah
they could probably do some really fun
probably not a movie but I'd love to see
a YouTube video that's an action
sequence in which time only moves when a
character you know like he looks around
well yeah that's why it's at a YouTube
video you make it a minnow YouTube video
maybe you make it a minute and a half
and you call it you call it super hot in
real life real life super hot and it
gets a million two million views sounds
dull 1 million 2 million views I hate it
let's go that's it's I'm sure it already
exists the weird accent kills me that's
how it sounds right you all right that's
how it sounds how it sounds it does
sound a little like Afrikaans or y'all
shop shop ordered shop
Melissa I just don't like her I just
don't think she's funny it's not like I
don't like her she might be a very nice
person I just don't find her that funny
you know who else I did not find very
funny Chris Barbic yeah I'll agree with
her that and I believe they have very
similar states except for van down by
the river was the only thing he ever did
that like taught a Tommy Boy
I thought there was enough narrative to
string together his lunacy Wow loud fat
man I get it I love that every day of my
life I don't need any more of it I'm
full there you go there you go I just
didn't yeah I def I didn't I never much
cared for him on SNL Tommy Boy I think
is brilliant and I love it but that's
about it
exactly I'm fat Dirk that was his that
was ich dich and he owned it you know
like he he committed a hundred and
twenty percent to every bit that he was
a part of and that's why he's well loved
and respected in the comedy world but
I'm yes I am actually comparing the
funniness of fat comedians that is what
I'm doing right now and I know you guys
are joking about me being sexist and not
liking Melissa McCarthy but i but I just
wanted to balance it out say here here
is a a larger female comedian here is a
larger mouth meaning I don't like both
of them because I believe that had the
same mistake I did he was still around
he would definitely be playing Rob for
the rest in peace he died yep crazy
Canadian crack smoking mayor died
probably did not help
and you know and I here's another thing
I have still not seen bridesmaids that
makes you a terrible person I hear it's
really really funny and she's in it
she's supposed to be very funny in it
but I never got around to seeing because
I don't want to care for Jack bounce it
out and now the scale is broken Oh fat
people joke and nailed it
Locke Castle hunkered down I'd like to
recommend a cup of green arrow he's
still lame Batman lock has honker done
says I'd like to recommend a couple
Green Arrow comics to show you that he's
much more than a low-rent bad okay lock
Castle hunker down obviously rich is
totally on board I will I will add one
of these so rich which one do you think
sounds the best the longbow hunters
hunters moon or here there be dragons
hunters hunters moon okay I am going to
add hunters mood Hunter's Moon unless a
lot Castle hundred hunker down I see you
in chat so if you have if there's just
one block Castle hunker down that you
think I should read because that's
probably all I'm gonna get two you get
one I'm watching I'm watching for your
answer
I didn't Kevin Smith screen every run
was interesting I read that and I did
read that it's interesting but I didn't
quite understand it there's a lot going
on there's a Green Lantern in it there's
like death and rebirth and there were
several different green arrows and I
didn't quite understand it start with
longbow hunters it's one of the most
famous if not the most famous Green
Arrow
okay I will add that to my reading list
right now green the most famous green
arrow story his lumber speed he was on
drugs was the sidekicks name speedy yeah
yeah that's the most famous Green Arrow
story that's everybody's read it every
single comic book has that like oh my
friend is addicted to drugs this is
every comic I'm saying that's the most
famous apparently it's longbow hunters
maybe that is the one for speeding
kisses that could be to crack that could
be speedy and Arsenal oh I did not see
the hand of fate to trailer I did it
read that they are making a hand of fate
to which is exciting
I enjoyed an to fate alright let's see
here like a flower sequel a flat-out
sequel not just an expansion it could be
good it was a it was a
it was a an India success yeah
found it found a home on Xbox one people
liked it people according to Robyn says
I'm celebrating my first ever book deal
we talked about oh sorry
go ahead go talk about how horrible a
name Xbox one is cuz I immediately
thought you were talking about the first
Xbox and why the hell did they release
that on the original Xbox ok that's fair
no that's fair
whoever named that thing should be fired
oh wait I think he did lose his job he
might have lost his job no but it's like
the one device we'll need the one place
to go for all your game was the one I
guess it does also sound like the number
one yeah it seems like a stupid thing to
do oh wait I'm totally fired now I do
like that you can call it the X bone I
enjoy that according to Robyn is
celebrating their first book deal
congratulations
accordian oh fuck I'm got fire first of
all like that's amazing that's great you
can get a whoo-whoo-whoo-whoo according
to Robyn let's see here how successful a
novelists do I need to be before I'm
cool enough to hang out with you guys
4 billion you need to send us a book and
we need to enjoy it
that's exactly to be successful we just
need to enjoy the thing you make that is
literally beefcake almost done with that
randomizer I thought you were working on
that Jack also if chatty has crapped out
it may mean watcher has crapped out as
well I was running it on my machine and
it looks like it stopped just a heads up
Janny is back homage it just for for
some reason chatty said the stream had
ended and actually rich is done with
this every time go home once you're done
with this fight i'll alt-tab and just
make sure that watcher is still up
- ah tree is still up still connected
okay great
remember when Jack was talking about
that guy's book deal I just did that I
thought that was amazing
someone someone was making it send us
send us a copy of your book run it's
done we might read it we might not but
we might
sherry star no I'm sorry we cannot
mirror the FaceCam so we are it looks
like we are looking at the screen I
don't believe that's something we can do
and if we can I don't know how this is
what you get this is what you get
big Jason says hey guys I got in the
mail yes guys I get it I got in the mail
yesterday a copyright certificate for
four of my dark art works being
copyrighted we're trying to get tea
shorts t-shirts and or posters made if
we manage to accomplish this would you
be interested in having me send you guys
a copy of your artwork or t-shirts I
love t-shirts and I'm always looking for
more t-shirts because I wear many
t-shirts and all of the shows that which
is so fucked if you feel like sending
t-shirts and large and I love t-shirts
mr. glitch we use OBS OBS the open
broadcaster software it is it is free to
use and once you figure it out it's a
really good piece of software we we did
donate we do give them money
you can donate so we didn't do that but
it is free to use and learn and it's
great OBS is great software
it was it was a little tricky in the
early days because you know it's it's
learning any new piece of software can
be tricky but but I like to be other
other streaming software seems ahead
like you know you needed to buy into
them or there's like a monthly fee and
we weren't sure how long we were gonna
be doing this and so to me that wasn't
worth it and now you know now we kind of
know the ins and outs of OBS and they're
constantly updating and making it better
and I really like it
verse three
fucking verse three Bernie it's not if
she's not good no it's B's shit you got
a verse to wonder what do you need verse
34 why don't I just disappointed that's
my phone yeah we can sell it you see it
for a second you think it's a burst the
200 sure sure I get you that charge
laser is pretty nice get the pews out
pretty fast no oh you know that's a
chain laser sorry that's it that's a
charge the charge laser sucks the chain
lasers still sucks oh I like the chain
laser cuz then you get a couple of them
going it should it never goes fast
enough
you thinking of the the the chain laser
where it shoots the big one the Gatling
there's a gambling this is a bigger one
oh it takes up for power oh I don't know
if that one's good I don't know if I've
ever got I like the chain laser we're
just kind of like they're never it's
never fast enough exponentially never
good enough no cos it Peaks and and it
takes it a while to get back to know
though it's terrible it's out of sync
with the time and all your other weapons
I hate it too many pupils too many pews
in Malaysia in matter of pews just not
an you know what it's just not enough
pews
you're gonna give me a thing that goes
pew pew pew pew pew pew pew not give you
if you if you if you peep you give you
what Tiberius Kirk what uh Craig ination
have you guys ever read the comic series
lock and key by Joe Hill if not highly
recommended anyways good work pray
through praise be to Breen yes a lot of
comic recommendations today guys lock
and key I've heard of that
dun added it to the list skull it's gold
chiller house how much money do we have
to crowdsource
to get a new game station 22.1 series
with Jack added as a Lando Calrissian
type character of dubious loyalties love
Mario Kart
not gonna happen I like I like the
conversations we have and you know we're
talking about like building more sets
and filming little skits it's like
probably
okay
as predator 17 18 it's the back story of
old gray back elder predators seen at
the end of predator food
I don't know if I can get into the
predator series I will look into that
predator 17 18
Tiberius Kirk I'm with you I was saying
that OBS lets you mirror flip the input
image go to device settings okay by the
time we do that it's like we're gonna be
on the next game anyway okay never good
no that's okay yeah I don't even give a
shit right now she's done fuck this game
just done kind of you just dunno I
didn't get it that they can get through
the shields so I can't use the laser
fuck it fuck it did we die then then we
die but we go with honor my crew wasn't
good enough
oh but you had Neal Breen he's not good
enough it's not good enough he's not
good enough
raah Vader lock-and-key was is written
by Joe Hill stephen king's son no so
it's overly verbose has a really really
shitty ending for the really shitty
ending he also wrote the novel they
turned into the movie horns among other
great horror novels horns is horns the
one with Daniel Radcliffe where he's
like a guy with horns
which sure why not rich doesn't know
lost in Technicolor have any of you guys
from rlm played geeks who drink
pub trivia I know there are some bars in
Milwaukee that host it you should check
it out if you've never played it it's
good fun we used to go out for trivia
nights and there in a long long time
I've not done that in a long long time I
think we just went to crappy bars though
but they're having to be bars that the
trivia was happening at
okay yes that was the Daniel Radcliffe
movie horns horns have you seen the
trailer for Daniel it makes me movie he
plays a farting corpse look and
literally like that's where the no soul
does is Daniel Radcliffe he's a farting
corpse cuz you know who don't give no
fucks Daniel Radcliffe he's Harry Potter
he's Harry Potter motherfucker man do
what he wants
yep he wants to be farting corpse it
could be a farting corpse he can afford
it whatever the fuck he was he's rest of
his life he spent his childhood making
movies now he gets to do whatever he
wants he's gonna be a farting corpse
he's appeared naked on stage in love
with a horse
fuck that run and now he's a fucking
corpse fuck that run very sorry hld
hyper light drifter I'm so excited
whoo it looks super I got her off the
GOG ooh
copyright-free nice drm-free drm-free
sure my game I can do what I want with
it
pristine hyper light drifter

[Part II]
that's fine you know what Richard I
think it's fine I think it's fine paper
light search searching hyper light
drifter
okay update stream info successfully up
dated
okay now we're very tiny but I think
that's okay
there's hyper light drifter we're ready
to go riches oh shit yeah fuck yeah I
get to play I'm gonna play hyper light
drifter it's gonna be great yeah a
little bit not terribly much okay boom
hyper light drifter I'm gonna start a
new game
are you okay with this yeah I don't know
there's different slots okay great empty
and two named Jack yes that is the cover
art free a heavy metal album tents on
them see her
there's a heavy metal album okay let's
do this
octo Jay we have 32 minutes before we
have to stand up again 32 minutes I did
reset my stand-up timer did you change
the industry I did change in a ministry
everything's updated we should be good
to go oh that's pretty that's pretty
pixel art right there - look at that
I took someone weeks
oh look giant people Oh dead people
no idea what's going on it looks neat
yep that's my feelings about the game so
far
yeah it looks neat and I have no idea
what's going on yep looks neat oh and a
puppy I would watch an entire movie with
this art style someone who says it looks
like an animated movie yes if this was
an entire movie I would absolutely watch
this it's beautiful
mr. Gore that's exactly what I'm saying
everyone's really excited about chiptune
they'll
look really neat but was also just
beautiful hand-drawn art style yeah and
you know like you play is like old
Viking gods and you have to work like
fight your way into Valhalla
fuck yeah kind of top-down isometric
fighting game and just dull shit fresh
down to the deep paddies I don't know if
it hasn't used he just sits down he
takes a break oh here she I'm really not
sure it
oh just rests it well you hope the fire
hurts okay the fire hurts just press
actually sometimes you just like stop up
coffee blood Oh fine
all right the real van sink says it's
pronounced yotan yotan sure I'm reading
that so I'm still not a hundred percent
sure right that's a proper pronunciation
jotoon yotan sounds much more Viking
cool it was just it's a dull game and
it's blood-borne is that he wasn't
sharing you kinda have to pause the game
he'll sure I did I did hear many of this
game has blood-borne ii elements Souls
these Souls these elements crossing with
Super Meat Boy just just in the dying
you start again right all those in the
same area sure you are mine now so I'm
so happy I love a sort of animation his
sword animation is fucking awesome those
strikes look like they hurt he's giving
it as all fuck yeah
Jack did you see Kung Fu Panda 3 with
your children no okay
I I did see the Kung Fu Panda one with
my children and they enjoyed it in
general and then we didn't see any other
ones well anything difficult from now on
shat is gonna be called like souls even
though it plays nothing like Dark Souls
just because it's difficult there you
say oh that's just like Dark Souls oh
you think
yeah
look at climbing animation what what
striker 1 1 2 1 you don't get a soul
sense from this really because it's
really not like Souls you're absolutely
right a gun
oh I get it I get it
yes shoot the thing yeah shoot the thing
for people compared to Zelda I've heard
I've heard his old it was an inspiration
for this
I don't really dig to vaguely see it I
mean it's top down on this kind of an
open world but sure good that was the
right one to kill first he had a gun
yeah yeah I saw that I did that
strategic didn't used to dodging yeah
this yeah get used to that
okay / - charge gun weed a monster am I
gonna fight you
shocking we know oh I was like I was
like okay this is the this is the thing
now maybe later okay okay maybe later
maybe they're just setting that up yeah
I've played for like an hour a half okay
okay gotcha dodge roll staple of Dark
Souls and a ton of other games before
Dark Souls
yeah dodging that you know the staples
of Dark Souls our enemy respawning
getting upgrade items from your enemy
that you can lose if you die but regain
collecting the things you lost
collecting the Quincy lost yeah there
there are other things that make a Dark
Souls game Dark Souls not just dodge
slower paced meaningful action I would
say they're not hyperkinetic button mash
fest very purposeful action yeah you
figure out what attack works on that
thing and do it constant sense of dread
in the best the best possible way
bird it's not your bird had either of
you seen the 30th anniversary zelda
tribute with all the pixels traded out
for voxels yeah it's an in-browser they
recreated if this is what you're talking
about they recreated the original Legend
of Zelda with a 3d environment that you
can play fully in browser I haven't I
haven't seen it it just sounds like an
ugly way to play The Legend of Zelda
yeah but you know what I've heard about
it I've seen like a screenshot it's cute
sure it's cute is what it is I don't
know if you'd actually want to play it
but it's cute 3d dot hero yeah 3d value
is actually a great 3d classic Legend of
Zelda game 3d nine heroes is good you
hate it too I think
I didn't hate it I was just like it was
it was just too it was far too similar
didn't it didn't offer enough new things
to keep me interested it's going to get
a lot harder oh I assumed I definitely
assumed I was um yeah it's taking like
just a hair too long to get moving
yeah but they're building atmosphere I
get it I get it
turtle DeWine says rich what was the
name of that movie you recommended
earlier in the stream something theory I
think is it as good as roar if if it is
as good as roar it will be amazing
hahahaha okay the movie I recommended is
called blind fury and it call it's
called blind fury because it's a movie
about a blind Rutger Hauer who kills a
bunch of people with his sword that
doubles as his cane that's great it's
just great it's a very fun action movie
that nobody ever talks about it's
probably not like roar is it soul is its
own special kind of weird enough
familiar with work roar is the movie
like with about like people who train
real lions and there's real lions in the
movie and apparently like the actors
work Oh scared as shit while making it I
heard about that I read about that it
was it was that be fest this year and so
didn't that lions get like writing
credit because everyone had whatever the
Lions do with it that's the joke sounds
like a horribly horrible idea that
should have killed somebody I don't know
what I'm doing
what Jack who Skrillex app zap this is
hey guys have you seen Batman V Superman
seems like something you'd be interested
in also what is your take on Days of
Thunder I think they're being I think
they're big I think they're being funny
I haven't seen Days of Thunder though
yeah yeah I have I've seen Days of
Thunder I just don't care about race
cars NASCAR is just like the dullest
looking thing well that's why you watch
a movie cuz they can edit it they can
edit it to look exciting
I can't watch NASCAR for more than like
three minutes like they're going around
god this is so boring
they're just going in a circle yeah you
won't find words in this game
I noticed that Oh fine I don't want to
talk to you either
apparently I can't buy that yet I want
to buy that okay I can't talk to you
fine all right
most of this area is nothing but shops
which you can't buy anything right I'm
just gonna go out here then see what see
what's out here bones
there's some bones you can shred boxes
sometimes there are things in boxes
cool
okay I think your angle was slightly
wrong but I think and get there from
maybe not from there you're probably
hitting the tree maybe from that other
does that look like you can get there oh
wait no up it a little bit diagonal
I think like the Gap area okay oh
there's nothing here
oh this might be him down there oh yeah
see there's the thing can I get that
thing I can oh good something happened
yes I figured out what those are but
okay yeah well that's neat
I like I like that the we have to use
the your super - to cross boundaries
oh no no WDS I've not played battle for
wesnoth not even even know what the hell
it was not this I don't know if that was
an enemy or not but I killed it a little
black thing yeah you moved so I killed
you
I have my gun we have any major projects
in the book now it's space cops done
nothing nothing on the scale of space
cob I'm working on a thing for best of
the worst yeah but there's not like it's
not like currently a plan for another
movie currently was my favorite
platforming game I've always been fond
of the Mega Man X Games though the
classic Mario's are all great - it's
probably a boring answer but I'm gonna
go with either Mario World Mario 3 or x1
x2 or x3 Megaman X you know you don't
get to shoot things as Maria really well
you get the fire brick yeah it's not the
same I agree breath he's throwing those
fireballs he's clearly got some mighty
number 9 I might play just fine
obviously I've not played it but I gotta
say visually my t9 looks ugly as fuck oh
man and they've released some test
levels i backed my t9 yeah and they've
released some some like early levels and
man do they play like garbage
really oh Jesus
no yep that's sad what okay all bad guys
okay that's what he said there's a bad
guy up there this is what happens when
you try to tell a story completely
without words and you're not really that
great well yeah it just takes a little
bit we gotta get into the world into the
world like okay cough and blood
something's gonna happen I'd love for a
little bit action to happen I'm itchin
thank you my dear
what does Jack's favourite platformer
can I can rich tell you me tell them
what Jack screams sure Jack's favorite
platformer is a sewer rat that's Sega CD
game or was it my trap nice I think it
was night I dread night rap is my
favourite platformer absolutely nailed
it rich what
it's kind of amazing how badly they
dropped the ball on mighty number 9
considering the company who makes it
just does mega man and mega man light
games what's his face drama Plunkett his
name the Mega Man guy yeah
who's making mighty 9 maybe maybe it's
maybe this is why they stopped making
Mega Man games at Capcom you know maybe
it has something to do with it it could
be that maybe he got bad at making games
maybe he lost his touch
I don't know throw that out there as a
possibility it's it's very possible ever
played maximum carnage it's a Spider Man
game it's based on the single well well
I can't say the single worst spider-man
story of all time there's been a lot of
terrible ones at this point but at the
time it was the worst spider-man story
ever I played the game and this again is
fine carnage is such a lousy character
you found a secret I didn't find that do
you define that
no shit mean there's a glowing thing
there's a glowing thing right here I
know what's up I'm great at games I play
them all the time
Dubey sandwich the juubi sandwich going
back to dog films I tipped on the last
ring have you two heard of the film
white god if not you should check it out
and Jack you should see this with your
kids it's family fun white god not hurt
it you know what I can only assume that
he's being facetious Oh Oh dick
I can't hit him when he's higher in the
air he swoops down when he charges out
here then you might be able to hit him
with the gun don't forget you had a gun
I did I did forget I had a gun that's
exactly what happened Thanks
doink doink did you guys try it out
wonderful 101 no but the name is
familiar but is wonderful 101 it's like
a superhero action game that's that's
all I got oh that was a platinum game
right and I've not played
well what'd you think Jack I'd like more
things to happen but the art style is
very compelling I'm just really hoping
that they don't have their head up their
ass
story-wise where they they're like we
don't need the gameplay because we're
telling no there's gonna be game play
yeah I'd like that to happen sooner they
were getting close yeah I feel like I'm
getting close so I'm not too worried
like this across the Rob Vader 12 says
Brave Little Toaster versus all dogs go
to heaven which is the better film
I never celebrate a little toaster
what's the one with the rabbits then
I'll buy when they're trying to go to
their new home that's the better film
rabbits what's the one where all the
cute things die that's the one Rachel
likes do you guys ever consider trying
out the original killer instinct game oh
I'm not a big fighting game guy I would
consider trying it out but not super
hyped about the idea is one more day the
reason I stopped reading spider-man yes
yes I would say it's the final nail in
the coffin I I dealt with maximum
garbage that I then I had to deal with
the the fucking I am the spider shit
that that overrated hack was doing was
his fucking name like not david
michelinie
what everyone loves what I killed Kraven
I can't think of his name the Metis were
where Peter Parker's parents came back
and there were the chameleons robot
clones and then Spiderman pouted and he
only wanted to be spider-man ever liked
that story I suffered through that
garbage that I suffered through the
fucking Clone Saga
then I suffered through fucking John
Byrne and Howard Mackie fucking
everything over then J I'm asking him on
and the book started to get really good
and then when Stacey had fast aging
goblin babies and one more day was the
last straw
but it did they worked at it for like a
decade they slowly chipped away at your
will to ever work for back issues I
don't think I have a little um
spider-man yeah cuz what I around the
time I started reading is around the
time all the garbage started to happen
my spider-man love was fueled by back
issues I'm sure many these were as the
that is the gift in the curse of
superhero of comic books in general is
there's there's so many there's so many
iterations and so many different things
to love you take little bits of
characters that you like from this story
and then a new writer gets it and take a
little bits of that character that you
like and to make it perfect perfect
thingy beamed what did I think of
spider-gwen I'm just not reading by that
point I read I read a couple issues of
spider-gwen
and it takes place in an alternate
universe in which gwen stacy good
spider-powers and it's like I don't care
that's what I said I said didn't care
but yeah there's a glowing thing
yeah and you were fighting oh and it was
like something update on your map check
him out
you have glowing things in your back now
let's go north
no go down just stuff north - that's
what a big bad guy is but yeah this
thing yeah I want to see what I want to
see what he did
I don't I don't love spider-gwen like I
love Kamala
what are your I'd doughnuts is what are
you feeling about bottom limb bottomless
pits in games as they're handled now
doesn't it defeat the point when you
just respond like right by the pit yeah
I don't like bottomless pits at all in
games I hate I hate the cheap one
instant kill deaths I always hate those
ah speaking of Jetson you can't get this
one now oh why the fuck not it showed my
map and instead of glowing thing was
there it also showed going blowing
things up and to the left
nobody's gonna show you this soon they
said there's a new glowing thing
appeared down have either of you guys
watched spectacular spider-man it's
probably the best spider-man series ever
I would say it's even better than the 90
series is Craig nation yeah I hated the
90 series actually no less big yeah
spectacular spider-man fucking awesome
there's probably a clip on YouTube of
when he fights the sinister six watch
that and it will sell you on the show
okay spectacular spider-man spider-man
vs. the sinister six it is it is the
best Spiderman animated anything I've
seen a couple of the the ultimate
spider-man's the new cartoon where he
has like the big head and the anime shed
every now and then yeah have fun with it
me
have I ever seen the HBO animated series
of spawn what I think I have and I don't
remember anything that happens in it
spawns kind of thing you like when
you're like 14 oh my god fun so cool and
you're not quite smart enough to realize
that time McFarland's a complete hack
who had no direction with what he was
doing with the book it was just drawing
shit he's gonna have so many muffled
guys double the flavor game and he's
gonna have like claws wife dark
it's got he's got a motorcycle spawn
something you grow out of that is
possibly the most accurate description
of spawn I've ever heard rich
Hey
whoa settle the fuck down I hope I was
supposed to kill you cuz I did spawn was
like the stupid version of The Crow whoa
can use your Dodge man you played you
played blood-borne dodge listen there's
too many Neil Breen says rich boy is RL
I'm selling priceless movie memorabilia
on Craigslist the space cop car belongs
in a museum
uh is that on Craigslist it shouldn't be
it I don't I've never look you might be
getting scammed I've heard nothing about
any spacecraft memorabilia being on
Craigslist it's possible he's impossible
I don't really know nobody if that's the
thing nobody mentioned it to me is
probable you're getting scammed it's
possible I have a feeling we would have
been told if stuff was going up for sale
oh shit
what do you think about okay I'm not uh
you know yeah how about that yeah
not like a hundred percent Soviet button
goodnight
the art style goes a long way to get me
in the mood you know
i'ma try clicking on this do it how do I
open listener new URL open URL
it was just automatically do it it's
like a boss weird
oh yeah it's boss yeah but obviously
that's a completely unrelated car well I
would've loved to have used that one for
space cop though that looks great Oh
oh yeah that was great I'm gonna say
it's a shame we didn't have that
errotica says jack and hearses game
reminds me of Titan Souls Jackie you
played titan souls yeah is it no okay
Titan Souls Titan Souls is a game
comprised of only boss fights and has a
simple premise which is you only have
one arrow and you only need to hit the
bosses once to kill them and so it's
it's more it's it's very different this
is this is an action game this has this
has minions
I mean I haven't gotten very far of this
image there's a lot of potential in the
combat yeah and like I can see with like
upgrades and stuff that already I'm
digging the dodge yeah technicals like
does have like a roll like you know it
doesn't it's not just about like the era
you do have like a roll so maybe that's
what they're talking about but I
wouldn't call this like Titan souls very
different you tuned or whatever you
called it earlier you know to yotan is
very much like Titan cells where it's
only boss fights Jack Tripper Joyce
what's the game where you roll around
collecting stuff making you get bigger
and bigger Katamari was a diamond scene
Davison DC cut them out Adam I see hey
everybody it's time to stand up TPB time
to stand up take a little break time to
stand up and take a little break I'm
gonna grab oh no their beer while I'm
standing up to take a break
doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo taking a
break take it off break dig it up break
break break
sweet Mary Joseph and Jesus and all the
saints okay
everybody welcome back got to married
Emma see what a great game great okay
here we go here we go ah but yeah so
this isn't anything like Titan Souls
this is an action game this this has
more potential Titan Souls got a little
oh that's well you can just shoot I do
definitely need to utilize my gun more
you forget about that gun real easy to
forget about the gun
ah fuck you fuck everything jack
fuck everything now I'm getting my gun
and slime mixed up why you're doing
terrible and help me no no I got all the
all fresh health packs you got a time
that you can hit him or right look right
before they hit yup now or shoot him
don't it's not the biggest fan pixel
honor but he respects the skill that
goes into making it
are there any urge sounds and you are
not a fan of but can respect not a fan
of but can respect oh it's deep
III think if there's an art style I
respect then I'm a fan of it yeah you
know like it kind of goes hand in hand
where it's like listen like it's not
about pixel art it's about good pixel
art like obviously this has a ton of
detail and this is not anything that
couldn't appear like on an NES or Super
Nintendo they weren't trying to cheap
out they want they had a style in mind
and so you know
she's like a saved Lord Belmont says I
am really looking forward to doom I
really hope you have a doom Street what
else are you really looking forward to
battle born with a watch bravely second
Mirror's Edge total war Warhammer
uncharted form I am really looking
forward to overwatch multiplayer online
only it's I'm going to want to play that
it's gonna that's my gonna be my tf2
replacement I'm waiting for it to come
out of to come out of early access is
still in like beta and whatnot
I'm I'm looking forward to it it looks
fun all I've read about it looks so much
fun a very exciting class-based
multiplayer online only shooter oh damn
that's gonna be my jam
I don't frequently get super hyped about
things that are upcoming these days what
a while but doom is the closest to it
okay I wanna play there - doom sure nope
no like I wasn't loving some of the new
monster designs but if it plays good
those are matters if they can capture
that kind of old-school fast pace sure
yeah I'll be down with that I don't
think I'm supposed to be here yet
oh I know I've been paying attention to
thee to the drama surrounding the the
lady and over watches but jesus H Christ
the Rising Sun says hey rich this is a
really dumb question but I remember a
while ago Andrew Garfield Andrew
Garfield mentioned Peter Parker being
Jewish which some people disagreed on
Jeff any thoughts on spider-man's
alleged Jewishness Jewishness Jewishness
um I never saw him as being Jewish the
character believes in something he's
he's mentioned God in the past rarely
but it's happened sure
Catholic makes a certain amount of sense
if you want to play up the guilt angle
no I'm dead serious
I'm laughing because I agree with you
cuz yoga's a theme guilt guilt is the
fuel that powers spider-man's
responsibility engine and South's ISM
has this whole fuckin guilt thing
absolutely
so that makes some sense to me but you
know like if if Andrew Garfield was
talking from like how he wanted to play
Peter Parker then obviously that's his
choice you know hmm that's his choice as
an actor like oh I'd like to play him
you know I believe Queens has a large
Jewish population so you know it's
possible I think I think Stanley has
said that he's uh a Protestant a
Protestant okay sure I could be wrong I
could easily be wrong on that but I'm
sure officially according to Marvel its
unspecified yeah oh god of course cuz
they want Peter Parker to be as
relatable to as many people who are
white and male or black and male right
now yeah as possible that's someone I
keep seeing someone say like have you
read any of the Miles Morales comics or
will you read any of them are
comics you know maybe once they sort out
their fucking universe I'll get back
into that I haven't even read all the
Miles Morales and I didn't mind the
first run but then they had their stupid
Secret Wars or whatever and it's all
fucked again the universe is fucked get
your shit together Marvel I know I'm
just gonna go back to the village
because I'm not really sure what I'm
supposed to do now
I can warp Stan Lee is Jewish mother
would be impossible for Stan Lee even to
write a character who wasn't it's
largely irrelevant it's largely
irrelevant it's not of his religion and
his culture is rarely a part of his
story lines unlike you know Daredevils
all Catholic now yeah which is something
I hate but that's not a major thing in
spider-man so like let him be whatever
he wants because it doesn't have any
impact on the story can I hate you can I
talk to you I said if I can't talk to
you and I can't hit you what purpose do
you serve no can I buy a sword thing now
hey can I buy a sword amen
no I only have one dollar and if it
wasn't Stan Lee I definitely read one of
the spider-man writers saying that he
was a Protestant but well what I'm
saying is is that is his faith or
culture or something that comes up
no even even semi-regularly in his book
no right so then it doesn't matter then
he's then whatever he is it's not that
important yes yes so it shouldn't be
that important to us
I hadn't thought the other day okay you
know back Batman vs Superman Manistee no
Zack Snyder with this whole Superman is
Jesus thing you know how weird is it
that a character created by two Jewish
immigrants is now the poster boy for
Jesus how weird is that I'm really glad
you remembered I think I think it's
beautiful I think it is you know what it
is is just a whole bunch of Zack Snyder
not getting it again it's great
I love these things I wanna let you know
that I love the abandoned giant mech
things that don't fight you but it seems
like you should fight them
bones how dick but rich can't Superman
be interpreted as as Moses figure his
father sent him in a and a cradle to
earth yeah oh yeah I'm just saying the
Jesus thing makes no sense
the Zack Snyder Jesus thing makes no
sense at least it's weird
it seems inappropriate almost knowing
that his creators were Jewish yeah that
could be I'm sure that wasn't what they
had in mind
the dog fountain but we watch a Zack
Snyder slash Michael Bay movie about
Jesus robots yes yes yes
abso-fucking-lutely
perhaps a fucking Lillee that would be
awesome
Jesus robots I have more trust in
Michael Bay than I do Zack Snyder
because Michael Bay might make
incoherent movies but I feel like
Michael Bay isn't trying to say they're
not incoherent you know yeah it's full
is full of giant fucking robots that
fight each other if you can't keep keep
up that's your fault
have you gone into a dungeon yet I don't
think so I think like an elevator down
oh I tried going in one but I couldn't
go anywhere once I got down there or
maybe I could and I didn't know I could
because I haven't been to this area did
beat a couple of dungeons in that North
Area so maybe maybe I couldn't go in
that dungeon and I just didn't know how
to do it maybe there was a thing you had
to shoot maybe there's the thing I had
that you and I constantly forget I have
a gun yeah that's my biggest complaint
so far is I constantly forget I have a
gun
which is not a very big complaint there
was a teleporter in that dungeon
somebody is saying oh oh look at this
thing oh it's like a hand it's like a
giant hand holding a giant sword that's
the fucking art right there what does it
mean jack what does it mean it doesn't
matter what it means kind of otherwise
just masturbation you know it doesn't
matter what it means that this world has
a rich history is what it means rich
rich fucking history
hello I never been here you skipped over
everything I did I'm sorry I mean your
robots trying to do a thing oh oh oh I
get it
I get what's happening somebody's saying
it's one of the Titans that's sort of
different little hard I figure that yeah
yeah that's creepy
um commit seein 1:21 snow if you play
your Vita anymore I haven't because
right now I've been on a Pokemon streak
as everyone knows and risk of rain comes
out soon
on the Vita and so basically every as
soon as risk of rain comes out it'll
probably be mostly risk of rain on my
feet
but right now I've taken a little break
because I've been Pokemon II I be the
leader of the Rockets at at the Silph
Corp
and right now my mu is absolutely
goddamn Myrtle aiding every single
fighting type in the fighting gym and
that's my Pokemon update going through
the fighting gym made it through the
Silph Corp I can teleport here cool
great
right
and can't go there
and I'm having a generally great time
I'm a little worried that without
without the ability to evolve my Pikachu
which really pisses me off I'm worried
that I might have to ditch him for a
different Pokemon but right now I'm
still still the same team which I'm very
excited about I love it when you get a
good team early on it
don't touch the green stuff Dynamis says
yeah Hollywood she reboots Superman with
Wes Anderson Jon Hamm playing Superman
Tina Fey playing Lois Lane heaven take
place in the 1940s is a fun
tongue-in-cheek adventure you know work
you know what I thought I thought you
were being sarcastic until you said that
that could be fun that might work or
just make a movie that's not garbage you
haven't even said in modern day but just
making that garbage have consistent
characters that do things for logical
reasons it's like I have to I have to
look around this large keep popping
screen yeah you do you got that P poppin
get that pee popping rich I think I'm in
a dungeon
okay I don't know you're an area that
I'm just not familiar with so Oh
oh shit show me I think it just hit the
fan jack heel I thought I could I
thought I could hit him with my sword
I said synthetic was that I could not
dealing with my core
kill it with your oh fuck there's
another one of course there's another
one oh no Jack are you going to catch
all of the pokemons no no in fact I
haven't even been catching any all I'm
concerned about and you know I've never
actually played much posts elite for
Pokemon game I you just concern myself
with beating really at four and then I'm
done your kids ever ask you why you're
playing a children's game
I usually actually only play it at night
like before I go to bed I just get out
like an hour and before I go to bed or
so I don't play it during the day
because I work during the day sometimes
sometimes I'll pick it up and yeah yeah
my kids I like when you play pokemon
that's cool why does it look so awful
because you know it's still the gameboy
version so the chap thinks these things
look like the monsters from Trevor's -
oh yeah not the graboids with the little
grab lines grab mites maybe their bites
did they have a name moon ones
oh I'm sure whoa exploding before an
exploding corpses is what that was
something to watch out for
fuck you fuck you go go go go behind
that thing in heel oh my god oh my god
poof I'm Vader 12 says honestly want to
make good DC movies hire each director
as they wrap up a new Star Wars film
you'll get a good solid film with
nothing ridiculous to drag it down ah
you know Abrams might be able to make a
decent superhero make sure all the Star
Wars films are gonna be good makes you
so sure they could be cracked it could
be crap all one is not a one is not a
trend we have one okay movie yes wait
till it wait till we have a couple and
then maybe you have good characters that
you can you can build from but it's an
okay movie force awakens I liked it I
thought I liked it I didn't love it yeah
it's out is it yeah I thought it was
just out in digital how I could be wrong
about that
fuck oh here I'm here is it out on is it
out on the blu-rays DVDs yet I thought
it might just be out on digital shadows
it on the blu-rays I don't know I don't
know rich doesn't care don't worry you
don't have to care it
no the new characters were ass I
respectfully disagree then we're okay
they were fine raised fine
what's wrong with raid nothing she's
fine Mary Sue so what she's not a Mary
Sue there's no such fucking thing as in
married they had a good arc fucking
movie it's a movie where magic happens
all the time
BB 88 was cute dog remember we give it a
thumbs up with a little fluff fire
thumbs up that was adorable 8 or 88 you
know what I don't bb8 8 okay
I just find it funny because the movie
gets a lot of shit for being just like
Episode four yeah it is yeah but don't
think same people complained that kylo
Ren isn't just like Darth Vader maybe
it's not the same people it seems like
it is it's fine
it's all fine bloated corpses I'm
remembering things
wow-wow-wow
gonna die
fuck help help help health
bb-8 stole the film he's adorable he's
an adorable little robot JJ
seeker wants to know how you're like in
the game um alright I don't like the
style of difficulty it reminds me of
meat boy just do it again it again it
again so you get it right kind of yeah
you know I think it has a little a
little more you know like meat boy I had
a certain amount of like level
memorization that you needed mm-hmm and
I think this this is a little more skill
centered you you know there's some
there's some gotcha spawns I know I know
this is where the gun guys spawn you
know I think like if if you're good you
can get around it but uh I'm still I
don't know like not that's the most into
it not the most not into it you say just
would you say you're disappoint compared
to what you would have liked covered how
cool opening no no I would not I mean I
can't be yet I've only been playing for
I don't say they didn't like Super Meat
Boy Jack love's Super Meat Boy I love
Super Meat Boy but Super Meat Boy is is
is a wonderful example of like a
modern-day platformer that that gets
it's so fucking right I'm not super into
it it's it's fast its tight some of the
best controls of modern gaming Super
Meat Boy is great it's frustrating
there's you need to be too perfect yes
demands perfection I don't like doing
the same thing 50,000 times in a row and
that wasn't work so good yes I don't
feel that's rewarding I feel like I just
got like it finally did it that once
I understand disagree I understand
people love that game you're allowed to
love that game that's saying you
shouldn't love it I'm saying it's not
for me right it's good as small doses I
love super meatboy super made boys
brilliant you feel you feel the wind
through your meaty hair every time you
place it for me boy
are you guys gonna play the char with
your dad game we already did you missed
it hahahaha
Jack how does Super Meat Boy compare to
your favourite platformer night trap how
does it convert an eye track you know
what I real talk yeah I've never played
that no six streams are disappointed yes
it's it's crap just like every full
motion video game was right right should
Warner Brothers bring on Bruce Timm to
be there Kevin faiza or is that too
smart I wouldn't want to take them away
from their animated projects to tell you
the honest truth
mr. clerk says if you have a gun in this
game I suggest actually using it are you
fuckin know you have very limited ammo
you see that that thing up the top of
the screen the bigot you get six shots
the pink is your ammo that you can
recharge by by sorting by sorting but
you know what like you get so into the
the dodge and sword that you forget that
you have the gun things are constantly
trying to kill you what it takes time to
aim right it you can't you can noscope
you can yeah you can just shoot in
whatever direction you're facing okay
but you get so into the dodging sword
that you forget you have a gun and this
is my first hour playing so I will get
there I would like to get past this
section the bomb is the bomb use damage
them no I checked fuck you okay
I forgot you know what I forgot the
health pack anyway I need to help pack
the there's something lacking in the
combat system and I don't know what it
is yet it doesn't make me feel powerful
yet
I don't insist is he doesn't know but
he's speculating that maybe this is a
later dungeon could be and you should
probably maybe this is the thing you
should tackle with upgrades and that
could be and he's asked me if I thought
the other the dungeons I played were as
hard it's hard for me to say because I
haven't really played this right there
was something there were some nutty
combat sections though and when I play
but without having played it I can't
tell you if it's harder than that like
you jump yeah got it you got a jack
I have faith in you oh your faith is ill
place oh I'll give it a couple more
tries and I'll switch it over to me sure
this is the most want to do just do some
else yeah cuz I know I'm this on my PC a
place whenever I'm shitting yeah but I
can just die
oh fuck I don't like it I don't like it
I don't like it it's the truth
just take a move stick and move stick
and move you gone for the combo stick
and move Jack move fuck fuck stick and
move
dr. Jack Straw says protip use the gun
oh is that as easy as you think dr. Jack
Straw 10 I'm out of bullets - I was our
bullets you know like just thinking -
blood-borne which is a very difficult
game but you know once you kind of
figured out the combat system every loss
kind of felt like your fault you know
either you weren't either you weren't
fast enough you weren't prepared enough
this doesn't this has this has me
feeling helpless in battles any and part
of that is just me not knowing the
system yet I'm not super comfortable
so you know like I'm not I'm not saying
this is a good that's a game fault this
is this is me my faults on Iran charlie
getting on that trolley Richard say I
think I think this game has too big a
hard-on about being hard yeah it's
difficult yeah I get it
you're really hard I get it take over
for a bit there's a health pack up there
that you need to grab cuz I'm out of
health packs
bt-dubs I the Great Gazoo hanging around
is your little robot friend that tells
you when you need to open doors that is
his only purpose in life he tells you
when you can do something
which game would you consider harder
Battletoads are ghosts and goblins
I've never played all Battletoads well
most people haven't it's been a while
it's been a long time simply Battletoads
Battletoads is probably harder ghosts
and goblins is more difficult on a
challenge scale because it's actually
beatable altos I believe is unbeatable
it's just that one section of
Battletoads it's unbeatable right maybe
the direction you go on the map in which
dungeon you go dictates the difficulty
the direction you're going really oh
maybe I should have stayed up I went
right I don't know what that means read
that again how about no
Jack the direction you go on the map and
which dungeon you go into dictates the
difficulty let's see here rich and Jack
is joss whedon really a great writer and
director people seem to love him I don't
get it he seems that action films fanboy
claim he is their Lord and Savior yeah I
mean I I think yes I really enjoyed
Firefly and I really enjoy the Marvel
movies he has made I think not it's not
just about action and whatnot he's
really good at sambal casts he handles
characters very well and he handles
character interacting with each other
very well so I mean you know it's just
an opinion if you're not a fan of his
then you're not a fan but like Firefly I
think is an amazing show I need to use
it when I use it I just hit the button
at the wrong time I want to aim the gun
and accidentally hit the heal button but
I think like with if you look at
something like Avengers all the
characters work really well together and
he balances them all out very well
and it all comes together but I know a
lot of people really like Buffy I've
actually never seen Buffy I know I know
people dig it
but was it my thing oh Sh ultimately you
don't like Firefly you should watch
Firefly it's great keep wanting to aim
with the left stick you have the problem
yes yes oh my god you dodged you right
into that bullet seems like a blend
between Titan Souls and nuclear throne a
little bit a little bit this is a little
nuclear throne in it not a twin stick
which is what rich was just complaining
about it's not a twin stick and it feels
kind of like it should be a twin stick I
like this one like the third or fourth
John Wetton does not make every
character a smartass quit machine he has
setup man's - I would not call Captain
America a smartass quit machine in the
Avengers
I can do this I could do this right it's
it feels like it's doable
it feels like it's doable we use the
controls here if there's anything
remotely redeemable about the Phantom
Menace what would it be
Ewan McGregor some days wasted in the
movie he's wasted

[Part III]
so he's wasted in the movies he's wasted
in the movie but he was the bit of
potential but the movie had I lost
enough health I didn't care I liked the
little death there's like that freeze
frame when you die and it turns already
I like that I love the way this controls
I like the confidence all just wants it
to but wants to be too difficult we're
the difficult game right and that's kind
of annoying this is gonna be really fun
well that's that's kind of what I was
saying earlier where it's like I I'm
feeling frustrated I'm feeling
frustrated and I'm not necessarily sure
it's my fault yeah I mean it is cuz I
just don't know the game that well yeah
but yeah it just seems a hair too
difficult but that could just be me I'm
not in it yet
also Natalie Portman is super pretty
that's true but we don't get to really
see her be super pretty in the Phantom
Menace I think we have to wait until the
second one when she's in the little
outfit I mean you get to see the
mid-drift
okay just coming just tell me do it do
it do it do it do it
give me that we do have to get good
you're right we need to get good part of
this is absolutely on us and this might
be a to heart of dungeon but it feels
like we should be able to do it really
you can beat this guy you should be able
to beat this guy without getting hit you
know and then you have a chance I feel
well Gus Baker I I see what you're
saying previously recorded confused why
you can't start out playing level three
of a game but here's the thing about a
game like this and about the original
Zelda
right if this is heavily inspired by
Zelda is you could play any dungeon at
any time some were more difficult how am
I supposed to know this is level three
exactly and any level should be beatable
right it's just a little more a little
more difficult so we should be able to
beat this Oh
memorizing spawn points don't forget
about your gun
wendy'll yeah you gotta heal you you
stop when you heal mm-hmm yeah they're
smart about when you heal Jack I know I
know
I don't so you know I got to get used to
aiming yeah okay again I got again I get
again good night Craig nation thanks for
coming out Ami's easier said than done
easier said than done can't hit a thing
that's moving there are parts in North
that are harder than parts of East oh
well we're in East come on
nice economy ice keep moving
yeah trying to pep you up here
what's the difference between up a
frustratingly difficult game and a
satisfactorily difficult game what is
the what is the difference maker Ryan
it's all just feeling it has to feel
like it's your fault right if only I did
better and I don't I don't know if
there's any way to quantify that cuz
obviously it's right if you could
quantify it everyone would be doing it
correctly
nice you're getting a nice pattern here
and I think part of it you know like
part of it with with blood-borne and
this is more just talking to Chad than
than anyone okay look is that it yeah oh
nice
nicely done right yeah nice I'd have
more health in a health pack well that's
true but you made it yeah but look how
unhappy you are defeating that because
it costs so much right it that was not a
satisfying victory because it cost me so
much health right well that's it this is
this is what's up until the end where I
started getting mauled it was very
satisfying
did I miss something where are we going
up now oh I must have missed something
it's it's it's really possible oh the
dog but anyways as I was saying with
with something like blood-borne I know
hopefully he's a friend yeah so one guy
it's mister put stuff on your map oh
good old mister put stuff on your map
thanks guy so are we friends blood-borne
it has a way of making you kind of like
slow down Oh
it's gotta be way down there and take
your time during fights the blood ball
oh can you pay it on deck but maybe just
because the art style this feels like it
should just be a hack and slash or you
know put stuff on your map teleport back
to the first dungeon you can there's a
teleporter around here you can you can
do that have we confirmed that there's
an order to do these things that's what
everyone seems to be saying except we're
gonna find a health pack but you know
what you made it through isn't that all
that matters you made it through rich
that's all that matters how do we
teleport you need to be on a teleporter
I need to be on a teleport you need to
be on a teleporter and then oh oh wait
are you going that you can just teleport
what what kind of bullshit is that you
have a magical power to teleport
whenever you want to the teleport stone
I thought you had to be on a different
teleporter and then you could teleport
well fuck I think the dungeons to the
left what was that bullshit or maybe is
that a dungeon I don't know I don't know
what any of this shit is I have no I
know I know I'm trying to do this I got
one fucking health a hunchback Jack this
is this is not at all like Titan Souls
it is because there are pixels it's
pixel art and it's a top-down
perspective or you know isometric or
however you want to call whatever you
want to call this perspective
Titan Souls has a very specific rule set
to the game where you only fight boss
monsters you only get one arrow and it
only takes one
to kill the boss monsoon you just have
to figure out how to hit it to once and
Titan Souls is a lot of emptiness and a
lot of walking around and then one boss
monster oh that's what I missed before
gotcha
this is this is just more of an action
game obviously you see little minions
here you get a Ford come on rich be a
man something fell off the roof no I'm
fine with that
Bango oh we got two little things if we
get another yellow thing we can upgrade
something so it might look similar to
Titan Souls but it does not play
anything like Titan Souls
I watched you place Titan Souls this
looks completely different maybe no
gameplay wise yes gameplay it is
completely different visuals I could see
someone mistaking this for Titan souls
button no Titan souls didn't suck so
hard it it got old I never finished it
because it got old but I like the
premise and I think there was there was
some fun to be had in there it was a
little too far and in between as far as
boss fights went and I got lost a lot no
it didn't suck it didn't suck terribly
hard I wouldn't even say it sucked
it was just alright
no shit
Oh show they got me the first time I did
this - no dude that's great or just run
away you could do that - hey whatever
works yeah judge me I'm judging I am
judging
slain Jack and rich isn't it bullshit
that they're now milking the Jurassic
Park franchise now the Jurassic world
may - it's out of cash I personally hate
it to pieces how are they milk again
what happened what happened what
happened are they making another movie
or of course they're making another
movie I don't see how that's milking
that's every sequel ever made yes yeah
no I mean you know obviously I thought
the movie was really bad I think a lot
of people did good hold it against them
I keep wanting to aim with the other
stick mad nigga agreed I have not played
unmechanical
Richard we play to unmechanical a third
person puzzle game yep nope look at that
thing that's me
oh look at that thing I love the like
the birds in the hoodie that's a fun
book rich have you tried XCOM - with the
steam controller yet no why would I
I like my mouse there you go hey that's
sissies look if I made it that would
have been awesome uh you know what I
don't listen to any podcasts usually a
lot of my work now you know actually it
involves like editing our like
previously recorded episode and a lot of
audio editing so I don't get to listen
to much podcasts unfortunately I used to
listen to podcast and I enjoyed them
when I had more just visual editing
stuff to do but are there any good or
fun like ghost or UFO podcast a ghost or
UFO podcast nuts are always fun I think
no i i i i cannot support any of that
bullshit and i'm saying it's fun not
even jokingly not even in fun isil of
our adult yeah oh yeah
I know
while playing stardew valley i did
listen to some audio books
well that's sniping boom fucking sniping
Shaboom they're saying a.m. coast to
coast yep that's it
oh hey I don't like the current host
okay that used to be our bail show oh
okay okay was it George nor'easter
boring piece of shit put me to sleep but
uh so I'm looking forward to getting
into audiobooks again but I just I edit
too much audio Jesus dog I really
enjoyed my audiobook experience while
playing stardew valley so I'm hoping to
play to listen to more audiobooks that
was satisfying that was all done on one
health yeah you healed up no no I cannot
you cannot know there's a thing I'm
gonna guess it's gonna make the things
home oh whoa see he'll help me at all
now what he kills to Jay
Oh so I think rich would enjoy one punch
man no no I do not oh really good all
that shit fuck you game one punch man is
really cute but I think it also relies
on some sort of previous knowledge of
kind of anime tropes that uh that kind
of make the jokes work I really enjoyed
it I think it ended I'm kind of a
whimper and I thought I think we've
talked about one punch man and you know
like there was a little too much egotism
in the writer present but uh I thought
it was cute
did you upgrade your healing or
something no almost from 1 to 4
yeah or 1 to 5 so heels all the way I
didn't really hilt 3 for some reason I
know why about that but I thought that
or maybe it heals for yeah I guess that
makes sense I guess that makes sense or
whatever oh yeah I know knowing riches
you know general like ambivalence
towards animate you know it probably
would not be his thing
yeah now we're talking health when and
one was health pack yeah yeah one punch
man ended like that so they can sell
more products right and you know what
you can tell I don't care how did they
end one punch man almost exactly where
they began one punch man oh it's another
Cajun
well one punch man is is the sort of a
superhero who's so powerful he can
defeat any he can defeat any monster
with literally one punch and all he
cares about he doesn't care about being
a hero or being famous he just wants a
good fight okay that's the only thing
he's worried about he just happens to
like you know save the city while
looking for a good fight he never gets
one and he never gets one and it ends
with like I'm a super alien invasion and
the alien invader is incredibly powerful
and taking out the the city strongest
heroes and he's fighting and you think
it's a good fight and at the end you
discover that he's been holding back the
whole time really that his full power
and you know he was had he was having a
little bit of fun but it wasn't the
fight he was looking for it's like oh I
guess this season meant nothing then
that's great
right like I get how TV works how you
have to keep things moving but I also
like I like the idea of a story a
seasonal story arc give me give me
something in a season go go from point A
to point B in a season you can keep
moving after that but give me a story
arc this game could have at least saved
after the fucking fight before the
mashers it's got a hard-on for difficult
yeah yeah I've been noticing that's my
number one complaint so far yes rich
knows he has a heel I want to hold out
of those health packs no greedy yeah no
you know what I and I don't want to come
across too negative I liked a lot of one
punch man a lot of it's really fun just
the character overall being a big goof
is really fun sak dama now whatever his
name is the fact that he doesn't have a
superhero name yeah and like they're
just you know like everyone else is like
Tiger Claw ultimate ninja and he's just
like my name is Saitama like that is his
name his name is and they're like oh
well what is what is your hero name and
he's like nothing it's fun oh the real
van says Jackie if you like story arcs
you should really watch Babylon 5 know
what it looks bad it looks cheap
it looked cheap yes I gave the pilot a
shot it did not did not claw its way
into my soul yeah yeah listen I
understand that it's an adaptation of a
manga that's still ongoing it's still an
adaptation and it's a different medium
and you you know give me I want a story
arc I want a story arc in the season
that's what I want it's a television
show now you have to you have to work in
the medium you are given Babylon 5 is
written by J michael Straczynski the
writer of one more day I think I think
that was though one more day was joe
cassano spring shot let's give credit
words really doing because then that
reaches some shitty ass editorial
influence yes that came down from above
absolutely actually didn't Jay mez I
asked for his name to be taken off at I
think that was for other reasons though
all right that was that wasn't
necessarily for the for the crappy story
previous uber that's not the way most
animes work or give them a usual table
animal well listen this is why I'm not
terribly terribly Indiana me I like
anime I like a lot of anime I enjoy the
I enjoy the imagination you know I like
the idea of just like let's see what
weird shit we can come up with but I
also really like a complete story
I have not seen Full Metal Alchemist
I didn't like the art style so I never
want to do is animate know that that our
style print is a particular kind of like
cartoony anime and I know that's that
sounds that sounds dumb that sounds dumb
and and I'll agree with you but it that
I just didn't like I didn't like the way
they drew the characters which I'm
sticking with Jack would you like
paranoia agent only 12 episodes and it's
a mindfuck wat oh no we've gotten it I'm
so sorry to talk about anime for this
long we've been talking about it for a
while alright
now back to the choppers for all this
shit just get back to the choppers yep
Firefly didn't have a complete oh Jesus
rich Firefly didn't have a complete
story what it had was complete
characters
time to stand up time to stand up
everybody stand up stretch out them legs
oh you landed I'm one of his allies it's
great yeah apparently he can great well
I know rich can tell you the worst comic
book story line he's ever read I'll give
you a hint it has to do with spider-man
selling as though the devil I never
actually read that before him oh shit
the Clone Saga is shit agree the story
right before the Clone Saga but the
parents coming back and the chameleon
was shit no the the goblin babies were
shed there's a lot of shit storylines
it's hard to narrow it down
you did only fucking cowboy Jesus you
did it rich just amazed it just jism
aged crisp whoa whoa all right you
figure it out
nice not really nice you did it you did
not die rich lucky ash shit you did not
die you know to me it's not someone very
very kindly donated to me a Wonder Woman
comic book it was very incredibly nice
of them they are a fan of Wonder Woman
and they gave me a trade of a Wonder
Woman and I really didn't like it and I
didn't understand necessarily what was
going on I thought the story was kind of
weak and I'm not gonna say that was the
worst comic story I've ever read but it
just kind of cemented my disinterest in
Wonder Woman I just I just don't
understand her thing I don't get it
don't get down you know I I like my
heroes to be relatable and and I find it
I find Wonder Woman is not relatable to
me in any fashion ooh we could have also
gotten down with the sickness that is
true that is true yeah by the way we did
it I like jungle boogie better but we
also could have gotten down with the
sickness there's basically there's a lot
of things to get down to or with or from
what isn't relatable about having a
magic lasso and invisible jet well and
there's so much more to her where it's
just like you know her the fighting gods
and her Amazonian thing and family shit
and it's just like there's just so much
that I I can't understand and get down
with sickness wise or other
okay you can just do that free thing
really free things look at that birds in
their hoodies and they go what would oh
shit man they were dancing they were in
the club okay nice take them up take
them up this is kind of insane right now
a little bit
boy first try yeah yeah cost me a lot of
help of course
rich wouldn't like OPM one punch man
it's a shounen anime anime for teens and
tweens bitter old men need to move on to
simon cape comics are basically Shonen
vertigo stuff would be signing jiggle
ala jyggalag 35 you hit the nail on the
head does it matter
no the answer is no what type of a thing
a teleport there and I want to teleport
back Oh
use your head jack use your head
oh wait can you upgrade something did
you get enough metal things okay okay no
I didn't I just did nothing
you said you sounded very excited well
cuz you could upgrade a thing and then
you could almost like whoa what thinking
again just something else over here I
like using one you can get I like when
you get treasures I'll let you get the
treasure you know treasures you seem so
excited about well no I want you to get
a treasure I just want I want us to
accomplish something it feels like we
haven't accomplished we did we hit a
button we got through that dungeon and
we hit a button yeah all that well huh
there you go I don't know what that
button does because this game doesn't
want to tell me anything it wants to be
super crippling that oh yeah yeah
yeah it really wants to be cryptic it
does it wants to be very cryptic because
it like Dark Soul foam it like Dark
Souls a lot Dark Souls is cryptic yep
did you know that I did know that about
Dark Souls let's see here what do you
think Batman Beyond would work as a
live-action adaptation uh why'd you why
would it need to be live-action in the
cartoon good is the cartoon not good
enough I think the cartoons pretty good
you know Batman Beyond is tricky you're
dealing with a lot of effects you're
dealing with a lot of wouldn't make as
much money as he cheaper to make regular
Batman movie right well you didn't have
to worry about all the sci-fi elements
what would it be considerably more
expensive for the effects yeah Iron
Man's pretty cheap actually it might be
it might be cheaper because you'd need
less actual days with the actors yeah
that's how they got Downey jr. an Iron
Man so cheap oh is because anything in
the suit you know like he doesn't have
to film that the question is would a
general audience be okay with the sci-fi
Batman no no you know you there's
there's good stories in there obviously
but you first you need to establish a
Batman in a Cinematic Universe which
isn't happening yet and then you need
audiences to accept a sci-fi Batman
which is gonna be a lot harder general
audiences
lots of hidden stuff yeah we got three
of those things though it's not for an
upgrade oh nice
then you can get it threader you can get
whatever you want then you can take the
reins yeah feather
yes Robert Downey jr. is the most
expensive Marvel Universe cast member as
he should be as he made that Marvel
Universe yeah but also he does not need
to be there
nearly as often as the rest of the cast
because any action sequence is CG get
over here you croak next prereq will
probably be out realistically early next
week it's a good conversation and but
you know it's a long conversation we
talked for a while it's kind of sort of
hidden over here right why put the thing
there there's a reason that thing is
there
mark my words Jack oh it's you're right
I should have said tomorrow
you know it's it's it's it's not a we
don't control how long the episode is
it's how much we have to say about a
game there just wasn't that much to say
about supa Huff or fire watch so they
were shorter episodes
stardew valley there's a lot to talk
about lot to take in
I mean yeah we would love to do more
first four hours of I enjoyed that
they are generally easy to produce but
Dragon's Dogma was almost a first former
self that was supposed to be a first
four hours I mean we got too into it no
more saying yeah dammit this whole
fucking section whole fuckin section is
supertruck the one where you jump on top
of trucks is that the fuck you talking
about there's a game that I keep seeing
like animated gifts of and the whole
point of it is there's like a row of
semi trucks on a highway and you have to
jump from one truck to the other in like
a race it looks awesome
I don't know if that's what super truck
is someone is asking if we've heard of
it I'm concerned the answer is no I have
not heard of it okay
you know I I would like oh that's
cluster truck there's a game cluster
truck that's being made it looks really
fun I would have much more positive
feelings about super hot if you could
immediately bypass the story mode yeah I
I came I came out of playing super hot
really negatively because of the story
mode but if I could have just played
arena mode I think I would have really
liked the bullshit story really dragged
me down and you have to play through it
in order to get to arena mode this
bullshit story that relatively speaking
doesn't take a bit much time no it took
up enough time to piss me off I was
annoyed when it was going on yeah yeah
yeah that much of it for how bad it was
there was too much of it and that's all
I'm saying if I could have like like
taking a break from the story mode and
just done to some arena stuff I've been
so into that
just let me do arena stuff from the
beginning probably should have done that
yeah yeah
say a dead weight is a dead weight the
bullshit story was five hours the
bullshit story took five hours to
complete and it was bullshit the arena
stuff is fun sure but after five hours
of bullshit I wasn't in the mood that's
it or that's it we will just have you
seen any more of daredevil season oh no
really we have to wait until rich
watches it before we can discuss
daredevil season two and I kind of want
to re-watch it the moral of the story is
Electress kind of weak but overall it's
really good
oh I'm like an electro so far yeah
The Punisher is great that's the real
takeaway John Barrowman
feel like that's incorrect John
Barrowman
I feel like that's correct do you think
I think John Barrowman is Captain Jack
and Doctor Who Doctor Who doctor
wot yeah I got shot the head bombs just
standing Baron Thal John Baron Thal is
the Punisher and he's great as the
Punisher and I feel like there's a lot
to talk about in daredevil season 2 well
right we'll wait until rich sees it and
then we'll be plenty past spoiler time
drew Barrymore but for now I mean
overall I liked it
a little Usos do you like the first or
second season better second so far I
like it better because the kingpin
didn't do it for me oh right right I
think I think the first season I feel
like the first season for me was more
intense but I'm liking
I'm liking bits of the second season
mark but the first season was more
exciting to watch
atomic mousetrap says as a reloj is a
great writer but Wonder Woman is a
difficult character to get people to
care about I might send more comics in
the future either way thank you and and
she's supposedly the third most
prominent DC superhero I stand by what I
said but I said DC has Labor characters
I mean there's just one of the big three
and you're telling me that she's a hard
character to make people care about yes
yeah the big three the third wheel on
the big three only because she's only
the third wheel because she had a TV
show
this is my thing I want I want to
understand why it is people like her and
I just don't get it
I got crow faced yeah
hatred mr. crow man Linda Carter for the
one you know
it's it's all it's all fine I don't get
it
I don't get the Wonder Woman maybe it is
not for me to get but you know if if
there's a good trade out there send it
to me I'm still waiting for someone to
tell me a good flash trade that's what
we wanted to know who last week was
named a good flash to her and no one was
able to tell us anywhere one good flash
story that's all maybe it's like
spider-man
I wouldn't say there's a good spider-man
story but there's a lot of soap opera
kind of running things I bet you could I
bet you could point to a - like one
graphic novel and say hey here's a great
spider-man our story like I have amazing
the best thing I've ever read I don't
think it exists I'd have to dig through
my graphic novels okay just just
something - something something
comparable to the Dark Knight Returns or
Batman your one or any of you any of
your classic Batman stories no and I'm
not even asking for that I'm just asking
for like what's what's something I can
read where I'm talking about I'm talking
about spider-man is there a spider-man
story that rivals either The Dark Knight
Returns or year one year one's pretty
good
your one's really good your one's really
good yet I enjoy spider-man more just
cuz I love the character the characters
go here sure
what's my good Batman stories
Oh offensive not I have to - keep
expecting I can get away with walking
across but I can't the flashpoint
paradox that's why you guys keep saying
and then more of a DC universe story I
thought that was a crossover event guess
I'm wrong about that if it's if it's
prominent flash and it shows him in a
good light
that's all I care about make me care
about the flash I mean I do because of
the TV show because that Barry Allen's
adorable terrible health kind of upgrade
your shit all right what that what that
who did
I'd be happier if I could dodge through
things yeah that's something I was
noticing is you cannot do that flash is
the mad max of flashing light paradox
all right I really liked blood will run
the flash fights against the SuperSpeed
cult and it's where cicada first
appeared just flash you have good
battles against anybody who doesn't have
super speed is that even possible
probably probably not
that sounds interesting a cult I like a
cult where did that go
blood will run flash blood will run I
will look down so many comics to read
like a name who's a more interesting
character Quicksilver or flash neither I
don't care about speedsters and you know
it depends on what universe quick
Quicksilver being the the son of magneto
who was a villain who turned good has an
interesting character he grew up taught
he was born taught and raised to be a
villain and he turned into a good guy
okay that's that's a turn has there ever
been a character who's had super speed
but not the reflexes to go with it you
can just I can run really fast I can't
move a bruise anonymous says Jack if you
want to get back into audio books try
the DC and Marvel adaptations from
graphic audio they are full cast
productions with sound effects and music
even have a good flash story stop-motion
I don't know if I can get down with
audio plays that might be too much but
they play be easier than a book oh I
like a book I like someone telling me a
story an audio like a radio plane that
might be hard to adjust on in a we're
never like a male narrator is written
like female or vice versa
people telling a story actually I found
it really um I found it really upsetting
I was listening to Dirk gently's
holistic detective agency and there was
a part in the book where someone was
leaving a message on an answering
machine and all of a sudden the author
stopped reading and it sounded like he
was coming through an answering machine
and it really took me out of it because
you know he was reading the whole story
before that and like this one heart had
an audio effect and it was really
upsetting if there was a speedster
without speed reflexes he died a very
ignominy death very early on in his
career yes I don't know what ignominy
means but I'm gonna use context clues no
I hate space stuff I hate space rats
comic books I hate space in comic books
I don't care again like in superhero
comic books yeah I don't give a fuck
about space encounter again I want it to
be relatable to me
fans like all that fan of stuff I
blanked out for I don't care it's a
properly positioned I want little little
heroes and little villains fighting I
want street-level stuff
oh I like that
sham kid sama and his name was this a
speedster without speed reflexes like it
they call me skidmark
guardians of the galaxy movie I thought
overall it was alright not my favorite
it was really fun it has a I'm thinking
about it more okay one of the problems I
have but it's movie logic I get it then
come friends relatively quick they
become best friends but it happens with
a lot of characters in a lot of movies
so okay but I despise the ending it's so
just stupid everything about it they're
clever plan is just to crash into the
other ship and shoot things that's the
clever plan but make sense for their
characters I was hoping for something
smart yeah for the infiltration and then
the the power of friendship just made me
gag power friendship other than that fun
movie fun characters but my biggest
problem was it was a I don't know if I
want to call it a pacing problems the
movie had a ton of payoffs with no setup
and it had a ton of tell don't show
which was really upsetting coming from
Tim Gunn who is a good filmmaker I think
but so many times did they just kind of
explain what was happening instead of
showing what was happening so it it's
not my favorite but it's I think it's
fun fun enough they have to die
oh fuck I'm not done Tim what did I say
Jessa Jim gun Tim Gunn James gun James
gun who's Tim go
probably nobody you made him up in your
brain I made him up in my brain my brain
is broken a little bit my brain is a
little broken it's just you know there
were so many parts of that movie that I
kind of like that cringed at but it was
like just didn't oh shit oh shit that
just didn't work for me like that part
when they're in the angel skull which is
a beautiful visual and they they're
they're trying to forget what they're
doing but they get in though the mining
things right and and they're like oh
these things don't have any guns on them
and and star-lords like these are mining
vessels they're nearly impenetrable oh
okay it's like that that's something
that could have been set up earlier and
then we we got to like if it was set up
that they were impenetrable and then we
got to see them being used pay off with
a set of pay off would be nice instead
it's like okay here's how the thing
works let's do the work the thing
overall kind of man I hate the gun Scott
black you I just explained something
that did not have a proper set up and
was paid off it was fine like it's a
it's a fine movie I'm not I'm not saying
it's a bad movie I'm just saying it's
kind of matter
but do I think the force awakens is
better than guardians they're different
movies guardians is they're different
movies
guardians is going for a looser funnier
thing I put them in about the same plane
Guardians would win hands down if I
liked the ending yeah it's like
guardians is an enjoyable movie yeah
it's not my favorite not a great movie
just enjoyable definitely enjoyable you
know I also didn't like like all their
speeches everyone gave us gave like a
this is my backstory speech it's like do
we really need that like specifically
with rocket we didn't know any of these
characters we kind of dig what I'm
saying is we kind of dead what I'm
saying is it was there a better way to
do that beyond them giving a speech the
answer is yes
specifically I'm thinking of Rocket
Raccoon it was great
well here's what I'm saying rocket we in
the prison scene he's getting undressed
and we see like all of his like body
mutations right and I think it's pretty
reasonable to guess and and we get the
the space guy saying oh he was a he was
a used for illegal animal testing right
and then we see how the horrible stuff
happened to his body and then we get a
scene later on where we already know
horrible stuff happened to his body and
that informs his character and he goes
on a big speech talking about the
horrible stuff that happened to his body
and why that informs his character I'm
saying that's unnecessary
doesn't make it a bad movie just you
know that's a little bit of
characterization that we didn't need him
to over explain because we already
figured it out through visuals
it humanizes him we didn't need it we
already knew it we already knew what was
going on this chaos jack-jack triggered
Rory says Jackie you are nitpicking I am
giving a specific example of them
telling and not showing or in this case
telling and showing I'm trying to give
you specific examples of why I feel the
way I feel I'm nitpicking sure these are
just two examples of things that uh that
I thought were handled poorly sloppily
right I loved his animation when he
pulls up the fan one not a good
animation yeah hungry alright yeah no
yeah I'm good you don't want to buy your
thing you can buy a thing I know I have
gotten completely movi drunk and that's
why rocket did that I get it filmmaking
wise I yeah these are the things that's
supposedly we can't get to yet are so
ripped and told I don't know I know
approximately jack shit great that's
exactly what what I know
Jax was great Jax was great in the movie
I like whoever that actor wrestler was
who played him I loved his bit of not
understanding phrases that was great
everyone was great it was just you know
just some little nitpicky things that
guy that's fine it's fine movie Batista
that's his name that's the wrestler name
but these da who got upgrades yeah one
more ammo and what worse more width more
Splash Damage I really like green woman
yeah green woman is good bomb guy you
know the the the villain was was kind of
it was very first Wiggins also takes it
home with the villains yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah Kyla runs great
Callan kylo Ren is great the first order
is fun we do get the what are they
called
what what's the the bandits the thieves
I don't recall the names Marauders
Marauders we get the Marauders who are
who are fantastic I don't know what you
can get this is a speed upgrade or you
can get a Ford upgrade what do you want
Peter thorn I don't know this makes you
speed more let's chat thing oh oh that
looks like a shield thing yeah and
there's a dash for the sword so shield
the thing would be nice that would that
would take care of your main complaint
yeah with dashing the the sword upgrade
there was one where you could deflect
bullets with your sword well you know
bullets bullets leave those Ravagers
something double teleport is better get
reflect or super - is what they're
saying
which is super - where are the Marauders
I assume that super - cuz you - many
times
what's the bottom one yeah - Thord yeah
yeah okay so that could be fun - -
shield seems to be the way to go because
then it protects just free bullets
though and I mean we're running into
monsters hang on sir chat likes this why
cuz I don't give a shit
oh yeah oh yeah you did it feels the
same I think you like to do it at the
end of it
the new order is under control of ginger
Hitler yeah sure why not
ginger Hitler it's great space fascist
it's fun
you think space fascists are fun
well they're fun enemy they sure make
you want to fight him how about a Q&A; to
end the stream tonight what do you think
we've been doing the whole night this is
the whole point of the chat colonel rich
mustard I think he correctly senses the
end of things though yep yeah getting a
little tired a hyper light drifter Mary
I don't know my first impressions of
this game are not strong I know well the
first first impressions oh this is neat
sure we're like the sword I like the
animation yeah yeah art style very
striking weeds a little action yeah yeah
I'm not hating it yeah I think it and I
think it's I think it's trying too hard
to be a difficult game if it is dub
probably be more fun now that you have
super - do you think you can kill that
dear no you can try you probably need
the super sword - to kill the deer you
kind of can't kill the deer you failed
to kill the deer
no my kids have not watched the original
Jurassic Park they be frightened yes
they would be very frightened I would
love for them to see the original
Jurassic Park but I think they're just a
liter too young yet jakub's you have to
hold back a bit for the for the older
one just give the younger one time to
catch up yeah that sucks
sucks to be your oldest well you know
you he hates his little brother can't
watch Jurassic Park cause his younger
brother can't handle he's still not okay
shit it would be different if he was old
enough to see he's still not quite over
I'm giving you shit oh yeah I know I'm
sure they'll come a point where we're
yeah there's something he can't do
because also the little ones there but
mm-hmm someday will you take them aside
though away from the littler one say
this is oh yeah we can't tell your
little brother about this one this is
Robocop and it's awesome mmm yeah pretty
much
yeah yeah yeah like I don't want to add
enough ponies that we're disappointed
underwhelmed I'm underwhelmed so far by
hyper light drifter it's the the combat
specifically is not what I was expecting
it's trying too hard to be to be what's
the word I'm looking for
balls difficult yeah
you feel like you can watch a dress
apart at age five blow tractor I don't
know five s young I think dressing
Jurassic Park is like a like a tenant up
right it's fine it's fine
fella fine it's fine it's all fine when
do when do my kids get to watch space
cop never they never get to watch I
don't think I could have watched him so
it was brand-new though well said 87 or
86 I wasn't a stranger to violence as a
child but I loved it right scroll up
roll up
what are you doing you need to go up
you're going sideways you're going into
different territories that aren't what
we need I can't I can't do this with the
mouse I can't do this with the keyboard
no no you can't do it with a keyboard
why I'm telling you to use the mouse you
don't have a mouse that's Ryu I don't
have a mouse on me okay there we go
solo five six seven on kool-aid man 18
months in a row leftover beef
17 months in a row Louisville tell John
kilo 323 fucking months in a row because
movie
humberto Cabbage Patch 15 months in a
row
Lord Belmont 13 months in a row
Neil Breen welcome lost in Technicolor
21 fucking months in a row Mert madryn
sir argon noble gas hair hair that sue
hair texture 15 month in area me all 18
months in Iran now don't you know I
don't know what I'm doing Neil Breen is
the best welcome smelter wedge in all of
us 19 months in a row hello gorath or
haploreg Rath black Phoenix nest
Plymouth's 12 months in a row crack o
king king Lama one
grand moff kelly 17 months in a row
sure now 12 months in a row epic he big
dumb idiot I like that because he
thought it was the name we know 16
months in a row doctor so an ace 12
months in a row hometown markup 20
fucking months in a row as Mike 15
months in a row Jimmy o the jam 14
months in a row you can say and first
one oh sure yeah no now we're just kind
of left hanging
well we appreciate all of your
subscribers and all of you new
subscribers all the old sky and everyone
who just
