Oct 9, 2016
Five Nights at Freddy's: Sister Location, Spooky's Jump Scare Mansion, Psychonauts
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/96241839
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/96242926
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/96243819
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nTjU5-9qOCs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KsJ2YNYfegI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L08kpyM2334
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/785258516650995712

[Part I]
we started tweeted a tweet there are six
of these games Ridge six why are there
six of these games there are this is the
sixth what do they start coming out last
year maybe there's a couple of years ago
hey sure about that when was the first
five nights at freddys let's find out
you know what we have the Internet in
front of us I suppose this is a big
visit you know this big difference from
one in two years with six games cuz
we're either way there three games a
year or six games a year which either
way you slice it yeah I think is
indicative of the care and effort that
goes into each and every one of these
games let's see here let's take a look
here five nights and this this isn't the
new one we only stream the first one
this is the sixth one that's the new one
it's so embarrassing they stopped
putting numbers on them now it's : five
nights and thirties Kohl was so so
shameless sister location what you know
the Megan money I can't blame them but
this the first release was August 2014
and so yeah it's been out for two years
in two years they have made six of them
I think they made four of them the first
year that could be to be fair this is
this there there are six of them this is
the sixth one that we are prepared to
play right now
first Haidee and now there's absolutely
we're going through all the garbage I
haven't been picking the games lately
rich has been letting me pick I've been
letting Jack and there might be a
mistake in hindsight rich is gonna pick
it next week why because it's Halloween
it was on sale for seven bars that means
that means for some reason for all of
October so the whole fucking month we're
now obligated to plank
crappy spooky games games Haiti Haiti
was a masterpiece that's true that is
true hold on for a second
just want to see if that's working hey
and beefcake you're Newt watcher works
fantastically where we're seeing looks
snazzy Tim it looks snazzy and clean
we're taking a look at it right now the
one of the biggest problems that we
figured out beefcake just for your
personal information is we had to
completely uninstall the previous
versions and delete all of the folders
and all the subfolders restart the
computer and then install the new one
and now it's working great probably the
only thing we really had to do was to
officially uninstall it and restart we
just didn't restart the computer right
but I've just just in case I deleted all
those subfolders but now it's working
great and it looks fantastic
some kind of registry thing left over
and needed restart yeah be my guest but
we're fine leftover beef yeah no
leftover beefcake get your get your
web's own together so people can so
people can take advantage of your
Twitter okay I bailed on Haiti because
damn it was a joke it was a joke and I
got it I got it it wasn't the worst game
I've ever played oh this is uglier than
the first one
the fan is just giving me a headache
then shadow this this mouse on the
screen is really obnoxious I want you to
interact with stuff I guess
if you name as seen in the keypad
type no wait just try as my something
might happen it's like it's a joke yeah
you didn't see that coming a mile away
you didn't see that that was the funny
joke
the working title for Haiti was five
nights with titties yep five nights with
titties I watch the shit out of them
five pounds of titties Oh better fifth
five pounds titties okay look at this
the arrow changes so we have so this is
slightly now a point-and-click adventure
journal the why is so rich you will hate
this slash these games
please shame the game constantly also
gentlemen have you seen any good movies
lately but in a real drought concerning
the fit little of the phantasm Ravager
be well thank you I'm sure we'll end up
talking about movies sooner or later
when this gets boring seen any good
movies lately what have I seen recently
oh you know what I finally saw yeah
thanks to your recommendation was the
Toynbee tile oh yeah interesting stuff
that was so great that was a really
well-done documentary yeah like and you
know just free on Vimeo to watch and
what a fence
take documentary about the toy and be
tiles and the people hunting for the
meaning that's great there's no meaning
it's a crazy guy
it's a fucking crazy guy well spoiler
alerts they don't know for sure
I think doc and Ritter who likes to
think they found out who it was I'm less
convinced you know I I think I liked the
ending where it's like they came up with
a good enough explanation for them okay
okay and so that explanation was also
good enough for me so we can crawl we
can run crawl and we can look around Joe
Aiken winters's ROM my first ever tip
I'm jacked up on cold brew coffee and
ready for prereq and the big debate
comedy on all fronts there baton that
debate today another debate tonight I'm
football night and they are they insane
nobody's gonna watch nobody can stand
any of the candidates they know exactly
they know exactly already here's the
pool for the debate tonight is how
quickly will Clinton wiggle her way
around to bringing up Donald Trump's
comments how quickly will that subject
come up I'm guessing within the first
four minutes no she's she's too
calculating to go right for that row
right right it has to be natural but
yeah how will she get there she'll get
there it's not gonna be four minutes you
don't think how long's the debate give
it 20 20 minutes 20 minutes 20 minutes
her yeah yeah sure
my guess is she'll find a way to phrase
it like with something he said so it's
almost as if he brought it up it'll be
great
here's the thing that's great time
that's something that normally she would
hold on to until it felt like she was
ahead she was weak on some kind of point
I was losing but that's never gonna
happen never gonna so she's gonna be
confused as to when to bring that up
it'll be great
this is a walking simulator that's not
even a jump-scare game anymore so
walking walking simulator is that what's
going on I have no idea what's going on
what are you doing you want a submarine
where are these originally that's
supposed to be like ship as pizza places
yeah but remember this is so this is the
sister location this is a different it's
a robot
why are you motivating it with a shock
Colonel rich mustard says time for a new
game the shocks just feeding it it's a
robot it eats electricity I baines's
double zero so say guys if you want a
good actually scary game try amnesia the
Dark Descent the only game that actually
freaked me out a little bit oh well
frightened my fuckstick I've heard good
things about the immediate series you
know the only game never frightened me a
little bit was thief and Jack refuses to
play Tina I do not refuse to play this
i'm going to play thief a legitimately
scary game finishing legitimately scary
game and we're gonna play it we have
jack on his scary october game rampage
we need to play scary game we can't
can't find any scary games to play on
halloween october love we can't find
scary catch a thief is right yeah no but
five nights at freddy's no no thief
thief is scary there trust me I've
played thief thief to steal the game
it's ever scared but you know the six
five nights at Freddy's games now what
are we playing one of those I wanna play
thief and I'm gonna play thief on shoes
here's this game called super super jump
scare adventure check check the thief
wonderful ambience to friends
frightening games first carry I'm gonna
play five nights at Freddy's and I think
that's what everyone would like to see
I'm gonna I'm gonna finish editing our
next episode and then I'm gonna start
playing thief and then I will continue
to play thief on stream you know jack
I'm sorry I'm sorry I know that you're
very passionate about fees I'm doing a
bit and I'm dragging you through the mud
to do it and I feel a little bit bad how
his thief aged that's the question and
that's like the main reason I want Jack
to plan is to get a fresh pair of eyes
out he talked about all these things
that he likes in games and I'm just
thinking yeah thief yep thief yep thief
yep thief yeah they don't hold your
hands at all yep you just know there's
no interest no interest and if he hates
it it's not gonna bother me that gives
us something to talk about yeah we could
talk about how has it aged mousetrap
says hey guys these subs came free with
my toilet brush signed by me that that
Amazon integration has been great I'm
glad that you guys aren't enjoying that
hopefully that gives you some some more
value to your Amazon Prime subscription
we get it
we did it know so I plan on playing
thief I'm almost done with the Edit for
the next episode and then I'm gonna
start playing feed by myself at home so
I can meet him get into it and then I
will I will bring it here and shooting
them don't worry all right
I know people keep mentioning Dishonored
I intend to play that eventually there's
no way it can be scary as thief for the
simple reason is that when they designed
dishonored they made combat a realistic
option and in thief combat was always
super risky mm-hmm you could you know if
you if if is more than one person
against you you were doomed and if
you're just facing down one person it
was still gonna be a challenge to come
out on top and if you're playing an
expert you couldn't kill them so I'm
saying dishonored can't be as scary just
just by the fact that you can beat
everything up yeah Deus Ex
I played one of the newer ones on stream
from yeah yeah I liked it well enough I
look I don't think I understand how many
games are on my plate right now I'm
playing thief games next I played thief
one thief two or have played through
them all you can't stop me I'm working
my way through thief 1 it's playing it
here and there when I can and then and
then I might do dishonored and or Deus
Ex and that will be up to me which one I
choose and not up to you
waiting too long for the joke we need to
hear the voice now right you're waiting
a little bit too long
for the joke to land come on
thanks Dean thanks to team it's like we
know what's gonna happen it's gonna be a
funny angsty teen voice right the wait
you're not building up Spence where we
haven't forgotten about it you're just
waiting way too long for the punch line
yeah Jack why did the chicken cross the
road
I don't know rich why did the chicken
cross the road
I'll fix the game audio for you guys you
guys are having troubles here and hold
on for a sec oh yeah it over to OBS over
here come on
gave me one moment here have to
I'll worry I can't fix the game audio at
this exact moment because to get to the
other side
and stream with punchline I could have
done that too I could have done that too
then we would even remember at that
point right no that was you too you know
what you did a fine example yeah how
they've ruined that punchline but also
like that was the second time that
they've that they've done the whole like
mistyping bit and it's like that we've
already - maid says until dawn stream
when I no fucking clue t see Brady one
three three says hey fuckos what is the
funniest thing that has happened on set
or behind the scenes
suck me be little suck me bellend
mouse moves by itself see that yeah I'm
not moving the mouse right now what
happens when you try to move the mouse
it moves how but then it also moves
sometimes on its own like that I'm not
moving the mouse right now there's seems
like there's even less of a game am I
right about that this has become
complete walking simulator they've
already gone back to the original voice
yeah what game yes I mean well maybe
we'll get to the game I don't know I
don't know the cursor moves because it's
spooky cuz you're trying to move and
then all the mouse is kind of moving on
itself - yeah I guess that's spooky
TC Brady you're asking questions
Oh fan says money for you just finished
FTL full clear on hardmode
thanks for turning me on to this game
linked for proof
LOL flat my clock I'm glad you did it
I'm too scared to try hard I am oh yeah
I am this seems so stupid I am gonna
tell you something you know because I
kept you know Jack would not play thief
he would not he wanted to click five
nights at Freddy's and I'm like oh Jesus
Christ Jeff why would you do that
you know you know I'm gonna hate it and
you know the whole stream is just gonna
be people bitching at me because I
didn't let myself like five nights at
Freddy's part 18 yeah and I flat-out
refused to play objection well you know
that you were here yeah
but Chad I just refused to play this I'm
not doing this I'm not doing it hmmm
favorite customer says have you guys
seen swiss army man it's probably the
best movie of this year I'll I'll tell
you this much I have not seen it but Jay
loves it Jay Jay was talking about it
the other day and before the last ring I
am looking forward to seeing it the time
it's on my list a movies to see but I
got editing and I got thief to play and
I mean obviously I'm gonna Swiss Army
man before I play thief as rich knows
I've been putting about purposefully oh
just a toy with his emotions I know it I
know I'm sad big if you want a spooky
game it is like a perfect Garry game
perfect I do want like four thief just
because I know how important it is to
you and I know you want me to give it
like an actual go let me get like five
hours of just me and you I understand
that I understand that I'm I'm saying
this much yeah before October 31st
okay before then yeah you need to get to
return to the Haunted Cathedral okay
that level return to the Haunted
Cathedral oh look
thank you they move it yeah that's great
I'm doing gamer child UK says been
playing mafia 3 on PC all weekend except
for two crashes game has been working
well for me and I've been enjoying it a
lot
did you see the spooky eye ball rich no
recommend skeptical PC players to play
for themselves because they can refund
and I was referring to mafia 3 mm-hmm
which I have not played and I'm not
going to not because I'm against it on
principle just because I got too much
other shit in the plate sure you have a
plan you've heard games have a game plan
element seven three one says want to
play a scary game what Jack let's stream
Jack calculating how much college is
going to cost for his kids grabbed me by
my slam clam yep exam is that spooky I'm
never supposed to be spooky
I mean there's just like thing that
popped up from the bottom of the screen
there's a fault
can you go back yeah
the fuck is this
I don't know rich my hands if you fall
probably gonna jump scared thinking
uh-oh
looky looky whoa are you wasting it well
I got it give it to him you could have
gotten all three of those cuz it had a
spread doing everything wrong he's doing
everything wrong why do kids few kids
cook cakes just not gonna have enough
yeah lot of cupcakes man yeah I know
does he wasted those three shot ones
okay okay madam says hey rich when you
film the salad unboxing video was this
before or after Mike sprayed you with
shit police say after know it was it was
before the last thing we did was the
diarrhea sprayed for well for obvious
reasons
which was by the way I think was just uh
like powdered Nesquik and water oh yeah
I know I know J was very concerned about
the creation of the diarrhea pump that
worked well we're better than I thought
look it looks really great perhaps next
time he's on stream we can talk to Jay
about how he created the diarrhea pump
for anyone interested I think that would
be a good idea oh I see you you Emory al
one says rich has played Pokemon so Jack
should play thief going to play thief I
assume Jack will be a thief savant and
break the game like rich did for
pokemons this thief half a mega pun
punch it does it does it is something I
consider to be a mega punch and I try to
avoid using it because I consider it to
be a mega punch why is that supposed to
be scary
I don't know rich but also like I tried
to close it again
it's not a jump-scare when you spend the
whole running time expecting it it
doesn't even have the kitchen you
off-guard startling a somewhat startling
but it's like jump scares are effective
when you're not expecting them at all
like you ever see the video on YouTube I
think was like I've some kind of German
comer funding on what country originally
but just a car driving along in the
distance nice sunny Road and serene
music playing and then suddenly the
thing jumps up in the bottom of script I
have to jump scared because you're not
expecting it at all right see you like
there's an eyeball here I can't I can't
like I can't leave the oh you know like
I can't leave this little area I'm in
unit 6 or 3 idiots s which I'd love to
do I don't we get out of here
evans come of rich if you want to play a
scary game that sucks
at least played darksied at least the HR
Giger our artwork is cool future famous
person says if you go if you guys want
an amazing horror game check out
condemned criminal had condemned
criminal origins not only is it creepy
as fuck but you get to beat up violent
hobos ding as Donna says hey guys thanks
for all the spoofs and goofs question
recently watched orson welles
f-for fake wanted to know if you have
ever seen it in any opinions you may
have on it or Orson Welles in general I
don't I've seen a little bit of F for
fake and I didn't watch the whole thing
I don't have any strong opinions on
Orson Welles he's got a great voice and
thank God for the Riesling the marsh
yeah I've got him fucking up his name
Maurice LaMarche right the guy who does
the Orson Welles imitation like from
picking them yeah yeah
yeah he's made a career off of that one
imitation yeah I recently saw some like
a T stand up that Louise Lamarre I could
so fucked up his name Maurice LaMarche
did oh yeah it's terrible I mean I don't
even like those other impressions
Maurice LaMarche or is it okay Maurice
that's what I'm fucking up my apologies
all right jump up on the ledge turn
around there you go there you go that's
the way to do it so you have to leave
some kids behind really yeah you can't
go back I can't go back now okay so that
one sounds like a spread shatter if you
do a close enough one yeah so now like
what happens I have one blue cupcake
left what happens if I get the green
cupcakes you know can you jump over the
great well no you cannot but this one
well you know there's like coming up you
can follow it
it's all about maximizing cupcake but
Wiggins B qui gonn says guys thanks for
getting me into FTL I finished the game
with every ship and got every
achievement on hardmode but I'm never
attempting a no pause run rich you crazy
bastard
you are a crazy bastard someone had to
show up the last person say they played
FTL because of us impeded a hard road so
now they had to share the blame I take
that you are the person okay so the
point of this segment rich yeah is the
creepy thing comes and you have
something and then you have to hold this
shut that's the whole point of this is a
hold it shut Oh
against a baby a baby freddy can't stab
him in the eye I'd love to do that like
pokum why are you here what is going on
I don't know I don't know rich no from
post emotional sense or either of you
guys going to read max Landis's new
image comic lol suck my cock what is it
I know nothing about it and I haven't
been in a comic book store in like a
decade now so probably not one comic is
it what is it up grab says wrench you
could be any kind of J Bowman what
horror film or film series would you
equate 5 nights at freddy 2
I tell you man that's not a serious
question they phrased it like one of the
animal ones so what kind of J Balvin
would you be oh I get it
hold it
do you see Britney one three three says
hello J and Mike what is the funniest
thing that has happened on set or behind
the scenes there's always funny things
happening we don't I don't have them
ranked why not not rich you see the
funny that happens on camera that's
that's a lot of the funny that happens
right there yeah I was gonna say yeah
most of the funny end up on camera yeah
oh he's a hobo just
there are people in Chad defending their
what people in chat defending five
nights at freddy I'm sure there are I'm
sure I'm sure there are are you invested
yet Jack they want you invested here um
no I I closed the thing that was pretty
exciting
I made it I made it past that stage that
had killed me so you know I suppose it's
arguable but we've done bowls a little
bit was the funniest thing that has
happened the funniest I'll take that
made it up yeah it wasn't an outtake
right I mean yeah I think something
funny happens we're probably gonna use
it well especially in something like
best of the worst yes like there's
there's really no outtakes just take
Stefan I'm trying I'm trying to think of
Jack wanted to play five nights at
Freddy's he can play this game all night
talking all night oh I wasn't punk god I
wasn't expecting a jump-scare at all
playing five nights at Freddy's don't
understand hard six I don't understand
what I did like as a gamer it just
upsets me because it's like I lost that
was a point in which I lost
we you know what too much new key we
just were looking at origami and I was
like we were just looking at that on the
steam store page that looks like a rich
game item low to the ground all I can
press is forward and look around why are
you playing this game jacket you don't
want to no one asked you to and you're
shitting on people who try to defend it
I don't understand her I'm doing most of
the shitting rich is doing most of the
shitting I do like I do hate this game
there's so there's a couple reasons that
that inform find decision one is spooked
ober it is in his Halloween time it is
scary game time and so yeah I like I
like some sort of theming to go along
with our story that's full month out of
the year dedicated to some kind of
ridiculous theming that's how I love
that's what October is though you know
what you know you don't get the full
month for Thanksgiving you kind of get
the full month for Christmas but there's
not a lot of Christmas games hollow
that's what Halloween is and Halloween
is arguably my favorite holiday that's
bringing up dead space dead space yeah
let's play that so the other reason is
as a popular game there there will be
people looking for people streaming this
game right now
and so as a product that rich and I make
bringing people into the fold is nice
people haven't cared about five nights
at freddys in one year and six months
you don't think yeah naanum says hi guys
I have a problem there's this girl I
really like and I think she likes me too
I want to ask her out but I'm secretly a
24 year old male virgin do you think
she'd say no if she knew no she likes
you she won't care if you're a virgin
yeah that has nothing
do with whether or not the person likes
you if a relationship starts it'll be
awkward when you have sex that the first
time just because you're a virgin but
that's night that's gonna happen the
first time you have sex regardless right
yes
Trudeau 3:1 people who are looking for
streamers of this game probably want
people who are invested of it and are
looking for people to like react super
scared like that's what people coming
into a stream will watch but maybe maybe
they'll they'll see this they'll watch
this for a couple minutes and maybe
we're right in the middle of a fun story
you know like it's all about getting the
getting the products out there you've
heard here Jack is a whore Jack is a
huge whore which is appropriate because
it's horrible I'm just trying to figure
out how to get past this segment oh I
see nope I thought I saw we asked for
fun stories and rich refused just not a
lot there's no there's no like that
hilarious thing that happened that one
time behind the scenes it doesn't exist
cuz that's super memorable and we spit
we spend most of our time filming
ourselves for for you all and if
anything fun I could make something up
that's what you why the the only thing
that has never made it to your eyes is
that infamous best of the worst and the
only reason you've never seen it is
because it wasn't funny it was a not
funny moment mm-hmm-hmm so like that's
it that's what we can talk about it like
there's one time we all got together
spent eight hours of a day
watching three movies and filming a
discussion and it wasn't a good time it
wasn't very fun at all seems like you're
not thoroughly engaging with the game
from what I'm seeing that's true they
need you listening and looking intently
and you're trying to play it casually
that's that's me that's me to it see
casual Jack okay so what I think let's
play let's play it seriously okay what I
think I learned last time
no no shut up and get in the game you're
not allowed not allowed to converse you
have to be immersed immersed in the
world of five nights at Freddy's part of
six okay so what I'm gonna talk about
the game so I think that the dolls walk
back and forth and you can see like the
light in the distance mm-hmm I think you
can see them like walking across it and
you don't want to bump into them is what
I think I don't really know can you move
the flashlight around no the flashlight
stays I can move my head around of the
flashlight stays that's dumb
and everyone will get that music so I
don't know if that means they're called
the world
yeah yep
are you in the world are you there
I'm so fucking at it
I'm grabbing that world by the pussy did
the world give you permission to do that
no I'm a celebrity and so I just take
what I want
which is a totally normal thing for
people to say by the way ah I don't
really know why I failed
ah now Jack can't run for president
right because that's how that should
work by the way hasn't stopped from is
it you Ryan
my theory was he never really wanted to
be President in the first place right
this is an ego board billionaire thing
absolutely is he trying to sabotage
himself at this point that's just not
working here here's the practicality of
that is if he wins uh-huh it will most
likely be a disastrous four years
sure that is bad for the Trump brand if
Trump loses though he gets to spend the
rest of his life saying they stole it
from me I could have done so much better
and you know that means that's TV
speaking fees that's book deals that's
that you know live speaking events
that's being an expert on politics that
is he is set for the rest of his life
yeah he never needs to like invest in
real estate again if he loses yeah if he
win I'm not convinced he wanted to get
this far
exactly exactly but if he if he wins
that's bad for the Trump brand because
there there's no way he can affect
we okay I think it has something to do
with the music I think when the music
gets loud did you really try to listen
I'm was I'm listening
it's it okay so the music got quiet
oh he's excited again musics quiet Oh
music flat again
listen hard or Jack I'm listening so
fucking hard you guys have no idea
musics quiet Oh music super loud
I am working on it I am working on it
voice
who
okay
see visited boring when we play this
game right the character is crawling
that's why I'm so close to the ground
why is her reflection of the door on the
ground it's a shiny ground it looks
weird
Jack this is boring
Jack to get to the other side Rachel I
have to listen I'm listening
okay
who a minute great oh it's wonderful
Lord our Archon says yeah wish you guys
are playing wwe2k16 one josh is on the
stream I would like to see Jack Powell
driving rich and rich plying a leg drop
on Jack's neck Josh wasn't interested I
know that he cares about the game does
he is he expressed interest in the WWE
games before no sanic mousetrap says
actual movie question budget doesn't
necessarily make a good movie so what's
the cheapest movie you thought was
really great Evil Dead 2 I'm sure there
wasn't a very big budget for that at the
time
God the sucks got me he got me a wrench
the static doesn't even look right this
I've got a weird pattern going on in the
static it doesn't look no it doesn't
look very like natural static okay we're
gonna I'm giving this game an hour oh no
you're playing this all night
god damn all fucking night what I have
to go through the fucking room again
they got to make it seem like there's
more content in this game than there
actually is Jack okay bird child UK says
what a scary game yes try make America
great again the trump presidency yes it
exists and it's on Steam also oh wait
what that's a really burly finites
pre-six reminds me of horror franchises
that milk consumers with multiple
sequels quick yep yeah I don't know why
it would remind you of that you know
this the first Saw movie did you see
that no it's pretty interesting yeah and
I made what every damn year for right
ten years looks like they had a
ridiculously small budget and the the
directors just had like this crazy idea
and we're gonna sorta because we have
such a small budget all this movie takes
place in one room that's it it's gonna
be great
and it was interesting you know like it
was unique it wasn't the greatest thing
in the world but it was unique yeah now
there I'm like saw 23 now this awakened
I thought they were done they could be
done no you know what it's not great saw
isn't great but it's interesting it was
a unique idea and and you know
especially like if you're into horror
movies if you're into that genre it was
fine
yep strife in Traverse says here's money
to buy our gummy please dear Lord Xenu
please dear Lord xeno play that over
this game made for PewDiePie to scream
obnoxiously / yea if anybody's screaming
over this you know that's a fake
bullshit yes 100% there's there's no way
you can mean you know like if someone
goes oh because the thing jumped out at
him maybe but if someone is genuinely
scared by this they are pretending yes
Sisson says hi jack and rich glad right
mentioned the worst part about force
awakens who's funding the first order
and why isn't the rebellion called the
government also Trump and Clinton in one
hour
psyched super psyched yeah we're gonna
watch that during the strings gonna that
we're gonna switch over we're gonna
we're gonna livestream it and we'll have
some very insightful comments no it is
spooked Ober nothing scarier than that
debate one of these people is gonna be
president who will be President game
it's gonna be closing let's just come in
dad convinced I'm not convinced maybe
that's just hope maybe that's just maybe
know if the Democratic Party didn't run
their the the least likable candidate
they could have possibly have run it
would be like a runaway landslide
victory yeah I'm not so sure now yeah I
suppose sorry ma yeah sorry mods
remember it's it it's okay to talk
politics just as long as no one's
harassing anyone yeah no we're not
getting obnoxious about it you're not if
you had besmirching anybody's politics
like I'm just talking about not liking
Trump because he says things like grab
someone's pussy just grab about a pussy
that's one
but saying like welfare moms do this or
you know if you're getting like you
bring an ass about it yeah
then shut the fuck up yeah don't be an
ass if you're talking about politics in
a smart and in constructive way I'm all
for that but if you remember like all
Republicans are the devil right that's
not so you know what that's not helpful
for anyone or Lib tardes this or that
that's it stop it stop it
agreed
can you please fix the audio what is
wrong with the audio I can't fix it
let's say no what is wrong with you what
is wrong with the audio do we have a
clue rich the candidates can't even do
that
I expect this from your viewers because
because our viewers aren't two of the
worst people in the country that's why I
expect that from our viewers
my my mic is too loud and yours is too
low and you can't hear the game alright
I'll turn the game up I'll move my mic
further away I don't know how bad jack
is quiet why spinner no audio don't
change it please
so many people died first not develop no
not not voting is legit if there's like
not a candidate you like don't vote for
them if there is a candidate there's a
reason shitty presidents keep getting
into office because we don't have any
other option and then well you know less
or two evils of course nothing's gonna
change that's true but there are certain
say extreme cases where you there's one
candidate that you don't like so much
I'm not gonna fault anybody for doing
that yeah I'm just saying don't tell me
it's I'm a monster
for not wanting to vote for either of
these two people oh right right no
that's your choice you get to do
whatever you want yeah yeah I'm not I'm
not a big fan of Jill Stein
she seems she's an idiot yeah she seems
like an idiot and Gary Johnson seems
like a monster yeah a different type of
monster than from what a monster you
know the VI I think the idea of
libertarianism is is is a simple and
comforting one it though it's just it's
just not it's not feasible with
especially with with with modern
economics I don't think that's what none
you know what that's only my opinion
sorry every libertarian is about to let
us know who is a libertarian in the chat
so they're about and three two one go
I didn't vote in 2000 because it was
Bush no it was 2000 was buscher was Gore
that's it that's right Gary Johnson got
booed off of at the libertarian
convention Gary Johnson said that he
thinks it's okay to require that people
have driver's license to vote no no to
drive a car oh okay and he got booed off
stage because libertarians don't believe
that the government should give people
driver's license to drive cars yeah
there's there's fundamental problems
with libertarianism then that's true and
at his own party's convention he's like
you know what I'm okay with making
people pass a test before they can drive
a car and he got booed off the stage
because you know why because people are
crazy rich
this is libertarianism fundamentally
anarchistic no get rid of all the
regulations yeah I don't know if it's
anarchistic or it sounds like it sounds
like a form of anarchy I don't know if
that's the right word for it
yeah but now that I give it a thought
like maybe it's just like yeah it's
basically like AI just nature we'll
figure it out nature's kind of anarchy
yeah
what are we talking about we're talking
about libertarianism man you know
totally normal for a gaming show not
really what gaming mouse would I
recommend I'm looking for a better one
you know what people have been asking me
then I don't know I'm not entirely the
the gaming mouse I use I forget what
it's the mic the the logitech something
G something whether five or seven
hundred one of those I use it because
it's got a lot of buttons I don't
necessarily think that the most
comfortable buttons to hit I had one
before that I like had two buttons two
extra buttons on the side that were very
comfortable to use it was only two of
them
I still I'd probably still be using if
that using it though of that one didn't
you bring the one I have doesn't have
any fun buttons yeah it has just four
little buttons next to the two main ones
oh I like those get those I don't I
don't end I have something on the side I
have one with some buttons and I didn't
much care for cuz that ruin my grip yeah
you know like I hadn't had a nice grip
these ones are okay the hell is going on
over the chat
what I don't know it's gonna happen
we're talking about gaming mice now I'll
be will get off libertarianism yeah
what's it well you know what no rusty BC
our what's a libertarian stance I'm
gaming mice you know see now we can
bridge the gap yeah g600 is best mouse
there's so many options for gaming mice
there are so many fucking options just
find one with a bunch of buttons made by
Logitech it'll be it on sale I'm sure at
some point on Amazon I have to listen to
the little lullaby in this part for the
record I don't have any problem with
people who consider themselves
libertarians I remember kind of Penn
Jillette he's a libertarian but I think
fundamentally it is the same problem
that Anarchy has people are horrible
some people are horrible yes and they
will abuse the system like it it doesn't
take into account greed yeah it doesn't
take into account perversion it doesn't
take into account idiots
area okay voting libertarian is
essentially throwing your vote away
anyway there are a lot of libertarians
and they deserve to have a valid party
absolutely no there are a lot of
liberals they deserve to have a valid
party in a green party - like there are
a lot of Republicans they deserve to
have a party that hasn't been hijacked
by a monster yeah I don't necessarily
get this part yet
see he's here
don't quite get this part yet Roccat
nice and wide th some I'm looking for a
good Mouse yeah yeah I like the mind has
four buttons on the side I just don't
think the Virgo nah MEK sure yeah I'm
not a big fan of a thumb button I'm so
I'm so gonna forget that that name
I want more thumb button well I want for
yours a good number you want some but
four is a good number I just want them
late I want a better layout sure I'm the
there's so many options
roh-roh can't ro CCAT I don't know how
I'm gonna remember that I'm gonna have
to remember that
he's gonna be here this time
dick gently er says hijack and rich
thanks for all the entertainment they
way to the jump-scare in quotes is over
can you say hi to my girlfriend for me
hi her name is vanity van Vint II I'm
gonna sided to the DVI MTI she wants to
be internet famous thanks VIN David D
hello venti your welcome to the Internet
you made it
if famous now I thought I had it I
thought I figured out that section we
kind of had to like hit the thing and
then like play the audio recording to
scare him back and then go back to the
thing but apparently I did it wrong okay
dr. Lim says my debate prediction they
all just took a love drug they all got
their clothes off and they're fucking
and they're sucking the shit out of each
other
oh what's that from that's from I'm from
that's from the best of the worst movie
we just watched with Dan Haggerty was it
okay so here's the plot oh fuck yeah
just took a love drug and they're
fucking and sucking each other dry you
Jiminy Cricket prick bastard yeah why
are you guys playing this shitty game
anyway can you just talk about Dom
DeLuise or Shaq mate or something we are
just ignore the game part of the stream
repo Jake that was it repo Jake thank
you anonymous says hey can you guys play
rayman legends' co-op sometimes so guys
would have a lot of fun playing if and
it would playing it and it would be a
good time and I would like it and you
could play casual
and you can still talk don't say cricket
why not you Jiminy Cricket
Jiminy Cricket Jiminy Cricket prick
bastard yeah they said don't say cricket
Oh Big Apple three it was like don't
mistake cricket I'm like God like why
shouldn't I say cricket I have the right
to say anything I like I'm like cricket
like suffered a serious like a traumatic
life threatening injury yeah
during a cricket match Oh dissipated in
sure paralyzing what happens body for
life now it's traumatic
the like the bowler you're triggering
him every time you say cricket the
bowler or the batsman playing cricket
yeah those are the tooth is there's the
bowler there's the batsman there's a
wicked there's a slippery wicket in
cricket
that's a real thing crickets crickets
dangerous man it nearly ruined
Hitchhiker's Guide to the galaxy
that's true yeah if you've read the
books I am talking about I'm not gonna
explain that fucking show up I can
explain that fucking Jay Leno g-shot
says hi had a weird dream about the rlm
crown we played touch football but no
one would pass me the ball junior high
all over again thanks for the nightmares
also lol Darmok and Jalad might Sinagra
when the walls fell we're gonna take a
breath we've been playing for an hour I
can stop playing now this is this is a
little breath for when we cut this up
for YouTube later cuz this is when you
should cut toe dances back and rich what
are the chances of a third-party
candidate winning the elections somehow
like Gary Johnson or Jill Stein also why
are you playing jump scare simulator
well Jack answer the second part of that
question Tober and $7 it was on sale I
thought I could I thought I thought he
Andy and here's the the clincher so like
I already discussed earlier that got
spooky game for Halloween right it's a
popular game so we might get some people
in the stream and just there was a tiny
percentage chance that the
game would have something either so bad
that we could talk about or slightly
interesting never you don't know why you
thought that I don't know why I thought
that as far as the wasting your vote on
a third-party candidate yeah no shit
they're not going to win that's not the
point
look if if you have a situation where
like there are a ton of third party
those will be in anywhere enough to win
but like if you have like a record low
voter turnout yeah and a record high
third party candidate vote mm-hmm then
at least you're sending a message that
this shit ain't working either the
either the big parties need to run
better fucking people who actually care
about fucking the populace that they're
running for or you also lay the
groundwork for a viable third and fourth
party which I think this country needs
well this country absolutely needs that
and more importantly you need to be
supporting here's here's the real issue
with third party candidates the only
time anyone or the general populace
talks about third party candidates is
once every four years during the
presidential yeah election if we can
start supporting third party candidates
in Congress and Senate yes in local in
local small elections and build a base
there that's where it's important we
can't we can't just have it once every
four year conversation and that's what
it turns out to be no what does it go I
forgot already I forgot the name of the
game we're playing next hold on updating
stuff
Shuman Shirley says hey Jackie and rec
rack wretch I guess see it you guys in
Arlen have really helped me with my
general story / plot writing I'm not
sure about an idea I think what would
rlm say makes me get clever with it
so thanks FMC you're welcome
glad to help Jerell wise says please for
the love of everything holy yep stop
playing this annoying shit did it how
much longer are you planning on playing
this then it has jack stood up yet nope
I'm gonna stand up as soon as I change
the title of this old handsaw says hey
guys did you know about this a new game
called trump has players trying to help
President Donald Trump escape a ruined
America and make the galaxy great again
trailer is on YouTube that's funny
hey you know what let's uh let's get
back to our standing up I did not ride
my bike today as it's getting a little
too cold out I know that bike ride back
back home on Wednesday little bitch
let's take a moment stand-up fuckin from
touchpad is broke the Trump touchpad
yeah Trump ad rich you just gotta grab
it by the pussy well I was thinkin says
hey guys from one stranger things fan to
another please enjoy this quick vid of
my office's Halloween decor quick
okay
Spooky's Spooky's jump-scare mansion
that's cute
oh you made a uh yeah the wall a
christmas light well there's some slight
alphabet wall that's great
all right where he's Fuki yeah this pad
thinks I'm clicking what I'm not and
then when I try to click nothing happens
no I hate that we need to adjust yeah
okay Spooky's is running hold on oh
you're changing the game I did already
I'm already I'm already there you
deserve to suffer all stream playing
five nights at Freddy's jacket you
deserve it you had no better options and
you did not take them nope launching
Spooky's failed to start the game suck
button says knock knock who's there
banana banana who
police say something else this game
please play something else this game
sucks
oh well Jack my rich heavens oh well you
got your wish gamer tell you cases hold
on for a second mutant Kaos wants to
know if max landis is going to stream
with us when he is in town there were
there was a little threat on that on the
reddit and max is on reddit quite often
and someone asked him directly or
someone asked me and also tagged him in
a question on reddit and I said that's
not up to me about the max but we will
certainly ask him and he say you seem to
be okay with joining us on stream when
he is in town obviously that can change
but uh if he's still down when he's in
town yes I have no idea what max plans
are right
ain't that the tooth
gamer child you cases do you think
Wisconsin swing state will go Hillary or
Trump Wisconsin did vote Walker twice
even after a recall attempt voting for
Hillary and the Trump game you know what
Wisconsin is a very strange state
historically for all local elections we
swing red but firm for all presidential
we swing blue it's cuz the cities don't
vote unless it's a presidential limo
steeple don't vote unless you're your
ruler is I could be wrong it seems like
they just vote in more elections maybe
maybe maybe word spreads better in your
local towns like I don't go home to the
boat a Wednesday at the church or
wherever maybe yeah I don't know that's
a theory because Illinois it's the same
thing oh yeah it president presidential
elections blue state yeah for as long as
I can remember it's had a Republican
governor yeah yeah well no it makes
sense the rural areas they vote
differently than the city areas they're
usually usually the rural areas are our
right wing and the cities are liberal
it's usually outworks that is usually
how it plays out that is usually how it
plays out

[Part II]
co-ceo says as a German this election is
mind-boggling to me it's about
discrediting the other one with Hillary
having the mass media on her side does
the truth ever matter never matters
never matters in Canton be sure the
truth this and the mass media is on no
one side that is something that I mass
media is on the side that will get them
ratings yes if anything didn't didn't we
learn this during the primary she wasn't
wasn't wasn't Hillary and the emails
telling MSNBC what to cover who to cover
and how to cover them no no that was
something I thought that was in the
leaked emails
no that was overhyped they were they
were all they were doing was sending out
press releases oh god like every
candidate okay and I think it's been
shown that the media overwhelmingly
gives Trump more airtime the only
problem is they're only giving him more
airtime because he's saying dumb shit so
no there's no there's no bias there
they're doing whatever they think will
will get them the ratings and it's
mostly Trump
look that's spooky oh well that's
adorable that's spooky
nothing yeah those the the not Hillary's
emails but the DNC's I get personal
server emails yeah yeah yeah those
things that were stolen by the Russians
yes yeah I know exactly what you're
talking about they want to influence our
elections they're not dumb Spooky's
that's not what I wanted to do
get it together Spooky's hold on spooky
spooby the head that was my hairdo says
firstly thank you for taking my
suggestions on this game second did you
know that the ishtar website is still up
in all its geo cities glory o-tar the
movie comm that can't that has to be the
Ishtar website has to be after the fact
this chart was like 80s right yeah there
wasn't an internet then earlier we know
there was but I wasn't something you to
advertise a movie yeah because the
public did not fucking have all right
I do believe the first movie to have a
website was space gym no that's that was
just a horrible like that was just an
infamously bad okay okay
that was just an infamously bad website
that was mid-90s yeah Ishtar was like
mid to late 80s and what's 87
there's Tower 86
it was the first web yes it was just the
first website in general they tried to
update the Space Jam website and
everyone complained because they loved
the fact that it was just shitty yeah
they had to change it back okay turkey
burgers too says libertarianism is the
old man's stay off my lawn stay off my
lawn equivalent to a 19 year old
socialist hippie how come I can't ignore
everything that isn't me
right right okay spooky
sorry chances hi you two just got back
from my cruise and exhausted welcome
back Sarah Jeb can't get you any
souvenirs oh here's some money
thank you so are we just doing a spooky
game each stream for October supposedly
no we've already missed it supposedly
know what we've already missed it Oh
Wednesday yeah
so what's the game here Oh I mean
Spooky's me into this is amazin tad any
jump scares yet
it's just like okay I don't know I don't
know I have no idea what's going up game
is barely audible okay hold on all right
hold on nope yeah we're yeah pop pause
well you got a deal with that that's
just something you have to deal with and
I'm very sorry okay it's about to get
spooky we're in room eight oh this this
pad is just the worst it's just the
worst it thinks everything isn't right
click now oh god I'm sorry
all right looks like I'm caught up
great again we can enjoy this game okay
I'm running I don't know why I should be
running but I'm running hello first
movie and have its own website was
starting with Stargate love started by
roland emmerich that's true okay I can
see they can kind of see that do I have
to run to make the jump scares pop-up am
I trying to get jumps Kosovo maybe
they're building up to them I don't know
I got one so far a ghost
I am I just hit it was pretty awesome it
just happened randomly yeah I was
running I was in a hallway I've ever
turned a lot of people off this game
just by calling a jump-scare mansion
well I think I think it's supposed to be
a joke yeah does anybody like jump
scares they have to cuz they keep
selling right oh you're like five nights
at freddys right they're getting into in
the game we just want to watch other
people play though oh that just come out
of the wall
I wonder yeah what are they setting you
up for what I'm gonna make a prediction
okay they're setting it there's all
these cute jump scares ya at some point
there's gonna be a truly horrifying one
cuz they're catching you off guard
because now they got you believing that
the jump scare is just all cute yeah ah
there's gonna be I'm there's gonna be a
horrific one somewhere in this game
today yes I'm seeing in the chance
someone assange the goal of this game to
beat this game you need to get through a
thousand rooms
I can do it that's Peter on the shit at
first this place just seemed cute
but I've been here for days now I'm
feeling quite parched now and I keep
getting this field like I'm feeling like
I'm being watched by something this is
not romantic at all no it's not there
are no soon so these rooms if you see a
table yeah shove it out okay I know
something is following me but I feel
like I'm prancing through the same rooms
over and over hopefully leaving notes as
breadcrumbs will prove I am making
progress in reaching some destination I
just hope I don't run out of ink
I am dreadfully thirsty
their paintings look at spooky painting
it's fucking that's fucking spooky rich
that much if you go the door you came
from or cirno's door behind you is there
a door behind you when you come in room
39 just can't open okay I'll always
always forward forward always sure sure
so that's a Luke Cage reference you know
what there's a little cage it's a little
different
hey you know something fun rich look
something fun that something something
fun and something not so fun that we can
share with our viewers yeah is our
YouTube channel has recently reached a
bit of a milestone oh my god
I'm acting shocked even though you told
me when you showed up earlier cuz it's
fun news we have now our YouTube channel
has over 10 million views that's amazing
I think it's naughty I think it's great
we have over 10 million views on our
YouTube channel I'd feel better except
we're kind of nickel and diming it I
fucking take it anyway mm here a few
thousand there make it how you say I
will sure sure how about that I'll take
it
I'll take it but our fame comes at a
price what price is that for the past
couple of weeks I have been getting a
shit ton of emails from mostly indie
game developers oh yeah requesting
verification that we requested game keys
they say hey I got a weird emails from
rich Evans of friends previously
recorded it was from a weird Gmail
address though and so I'm just
double-checking something like they send
it directly to our you yeah yeah Channel
and so I've had to write a bunch of
emails back to game devs gone
that was not us we never request game
keys yeah you you're being scammed and
I'm really sorry and most of Osho but
you know he was a game key if you want
it anyway
yeah yeah like most of our really cool
and I found a way huh on how to report
false oh good game email accounts in so
I send them the information like here's
a report it impersonation is again
Gmail's Terms of Service good and so if
you want to report them here's how you
do that Inc not quite quenching my
thirst taste is terrible stains are
terrible
I don't think drinking it was a very
romantic idea so heads up anyone who
okay
anyone who is developing games we don't
ask for game keys ever ever ever and we
have an official email at red letter
media prereq at red letter media calm
I found something today to satisfy my
unromantic first I woke today from a
booth faint I found before me a bottle
of red wine I'm not sure what brand oh
yeah a strong metallic that's site this
time it's lupus says hey rich and Jack
question about the blanket voice are the
complaint / analysis a compilation of
all the rlm crew or is it mostly mike
how much input does everyone have into
what goes in rich this is this is your
answer here uh yeah I mean I don't I
don't want to take much credit at all I
mean Mike writes the blanket reviews on
his own you know though to be fair like
with the Phantom Menace like we talked
about that movie for like a decade
before he wrote that and so there are
points I remember just bringing up to
him in there like I think the first
thing I said to Mike after I saw the
film because he worked a theory actually
got into a special super special early
screening before I did I said I didn't
see it with Mike but I saw it I first
thing I said when I saw Mike was who the
hell was the protagonist so I fucking
know that came from me but I mean know
that he wrote the script on his own I
did with some of the reviews I I took
notes with him I did not not never
remember you he's done the ones I the
ones I kind of helped a little bit by
watching the movie with him and just
taking notes it was the the Star Trek
next gen movies and the the prequels we
watched those and we we tried to figure
out like what the pal
team plot was yeah I remember that was a
that was such a fuckin headache to find
out if Palpatine was actually doing
things that made actual sense I don't
know
and there's there's a lot of me in
probably specifically the first contact
with you because I push Mike to do that
because I can't stand Star Trek first
contact when when Star Trek the first
started to become action schlock I can't
stand that movie it's a lot of me in
there I brought up like the the room
with the view like what the fuck is fun
oh and from nemesis yeah I was the one
who said that Picard she descent Worf
over yeah with the gun that's very frank
Oh in that 100% mine yeah I had nothing
to do with him the his Titanic review is
the force awakens of you and done to do
with that I'd meant to do what the was a
cop dog which what which is the goofy
dog when he did baby Kyle I think was
cop dog and eating cop dog his day out
he did maybe say I had nothing to do
with any of that my biggest contribution
was just watching the films of them and
taking notes yep and sometimes I helped
shoot the live-action stuff I know for a
lot of the that uh the tail of Nadine or
the revenge of Nadine like I helped
shoot a bunch of that uh you know found
locations and and just helps here or
there behind the camera but any of any
of the writing none of that
besides of course what I said on camera
as me on camera that was on me cold star
XV 86's high J&R; I'm learning Romanian
to impress a girl I like I fight it
beautiful but hard to translate some
concepts ever dealt with English second
language speakers with humorous results
lolol track you penis ooh Moo
not really but I've known some people
you know who spoken English is the
second language
I have no humorous stories though of
miscommunications ball-ball says I think
the scariest game I played this year was
X come to 79% chance to hit more like
21% chance to fail where would you like
to see the story go for XCOM 3x come
three more what I like I don't I die
that's so worried about the story I mean
for two I was half thinking they should
just ignore the story and basically do a
retelling of one you know just do the
same thing but add add what to him right
but the resistance thing they did was
fun I have no thoughts on what they
should do next but you're doing it I'll
say this much my necks come any X cannot
just not just - next time 1 & 2 if
you're looking at a 79% chance to hit
and you're thinking that's a 21% chance
to fail you're doing it right that's how
you play XCOM right that's 21% chance to
miss wholly ceases Batman
gruff Nick military says hi rich and
Jack oh just a tip to let you know you
may have saved several people's lives
about a week ago the story will take a
few tips to convey but a happy ending I
promise two episodes to come interesting
we saved life apparently some stupid
thing we said on the stream may have
saved a life which hey cool I mean it's
great if we did
oh hey you have a high-score Jack
congratulations great house neat Oh
arcade machine inside Spooky's the
United States have no isn't uploaded
anywhere and there might be there might
be a music issue with that I don't know
oh there's I mean there's a ton of
copyrighted music in that yeah yeah if I
remember I don't I don't remember what
they use sound was so if I remember
correctly there was a ton of of just
like random in a situation like that
there's probably some kind of music
issue that would require completely
re-editing it from scratch right and
then who knows I mean I'm sure J and
Mike have the original footage somewhere
or maybe it's lost I don't know well it
possible in who knows if they have the
original footage like on a tape or on a
hard drive yeah if it's on a tape then
you got to find a camera to readjust it
and that's a lot of effort for for
something that might not be worth it
so wait are they finishing that story
about how we saved lives oh not yet
there might be another tip said it's
gonna take multiple tips Oh
so why the switch to air TV on the main
site will you guys stop uploading to
YouTube something I'm not familiar with
yet I don't know what you're talking
about
graphic military says Episode two
I work at a PC with headphones it was
end of quarter very stressful and hectic
about to go postal but then I found that
old stream ears that may have seriously
saved the day
okay oh you were about to go pose oh so
we saved lives by calming down graphic
military brat I'm doubting that we're
not gonna donate to say that but a
multiple posts I didn't think it was
wine hang in there jack so far this is
more amusing than five nights at freddy
looks like it so I'll take it
part two right
that was my play kick that's my blanket
voice it's not bad it's not bad ah no
look it's like cardboard
I like Spooky's welcome bacon bacon
bacon bacon and pancakes makin bacon
pancakes
welcome bacon bacon pancakes the bacon
bacon pancakes I guess Oh baking bacon
pancakes that makes sense that makes
more sense of a niacin on red letter
media the new reviews are embedded -
aired on TV instead of YouTube I haven't
had like a discussion with J or Mike
about this I'm assuming I'm assuming
they are wisely trying to diversify
yeah and not put all their eggs in the
YouTube basket so the one when YouTube
eventually does something stupid that
ruins YouTube we're covered yep I I did
I was unaware of this yeah I was too
probably because it wasn't a big deal so
I go there's a different side to
location too that's good right
that would be my that would be my
thinking that's aired on TV now just not
more curious anything I haven't even
heard about aired on TV oh I don't know
how much longer I can go on I haven't
seen any of my previous notes so that
means either I'm getting somewhere or
someone is taking them
there's who's in this room
I don't have to check out air top TV no
sounds like a good idea
uh yeah unless I wonder if that's the
Adobe site there's some big news a big
update is this an episode that's about
to be that's about to come out from red
letter media Jay has edited on Premiere
Pro oh my god I've been oh oh crap but
ah you're being chased being chased
that's the thing that's happening I
didn't notice that okay
I've been talking a lot with Jay
recently Restless told scoop we need
more funds for sedatives No Oh cardkey
is that a philosoraptor head yes I think
it is kind of Awesome how'd you get out
of here oh oh probably one of the doors
that was locked before is now unlocked
Jay has been has been hitting me up with
a bunch of questions regarding regarding
Premiere Pro and how to use it properly
good and I believe he's making he's now
officially making the switch over to a
faster editor which hopefully means that
uh you know it's he was talking about
how great it was getting getting a movie
trailer in because when you work with
Final Cut what will have to happen is
you know you get the trailer and then
you have to import the trailer and
transcode
- something that shit that final cut can
see like ProRes but with Premiere Pro
you can just drag and drop that shit
right into your timeline and premiere
will just start you can start editing
right away
you don't need to transcode it looks
like this actually has a little bit of
game in it now and now that we're
getting to room 126 it's crazy
that's dumpster oh sorry no so just the
end of the end result will be hopefully
faster editing which means episodes get
done a little bit faster which means you
guys get episodes you guys get episodes
faster so all good things
Groff military says part three mmm-hmm
the stream was frog fractions do you
remember goofy music Rich's laughs and
Jack's gradual realization that he was
going insane cheered me up probably
saved co-workers at least my job
thanks you're wrong and there was sorry
we stopped them from going poster hey
you know what that frog fractions stream
that was that was a favor and you know
like I keep that in the back of my head
as far as fun streams as well and as far
as like being willing to try new games
yeah yeah I'm saying we should never try
new games I'm straight oh I know but
that way that was a that was a joyful
stream frog for actions not every not
every new game is going to be from what
most of you I was familiar with it that
she has one that's why I suggested the
clay that's right they ever released the
sequel supposedly because they had a
Kickstarter right forefront from
fractions fractions too and they were
going to release it just so they can
catch you off guard again it was gonna
be called something different and then
we're going to announce that it was the
follow-up the front fractions at least
not right away
so did it already happen and do we know
what it is I don't know
I know nothing about it I know nothing
about it is it is it debate time it is 8
o'clock you're right anyone interested
in presidential shenanigans you can put
the debate on we're not going to I'm
sure I'll see some clever clips of it I
think this is my last note I'm going to
die having never found my escape but
recently that's not true this place was
like my escape I escaped from everything
else in the end my death is kind of
romantic
all relevant debate information I'm sure
will be revealed to me tomorrow when I
look when I look up the news if anyone
does or says anything crazy I'll find
out about it I don't know the frame rate
for this game is just that insane like
like on this PC we might be getting like
you know 6,000 frames a second looking
at this is making me nauseous oh yeah
yeah yeah I'm very sorry well not your
fault is about on you it's jaggedy this
is a free game yeah I know yeah I mean
looking at him just starting to make me
queasy okay well don't look at it then
I'm not well I did the problem of
something else recently oh the muted and
that robot game Haiti the know the the
robot that was on the wheel defunct oh
yeah yeah
it's the fov you guys in your fov
I don't think we can change that
really did you feel the same Wolfenstein
3d no I played the fuck out of
Wolfenstein 3d when it came out and I'm
gonna be obnoxious enough to brag that I
played that before doom was the thing
yeah I gotta end with you in on the
ground floor hey wait hold on right
right I need you do I need to hear this
okay so it's left left
straights left left straight nope left
left
straight
nope left left
straight left there we go okay it's not
good hey I did not play Huffer tank but
I did stumble across a copy of catacombs
3d before I knew it was even made by it
technically they weren't calling
themselves yet I think that's when
there's still a soft desk making games
for soft disco forward forward
nope forward forward
nope forward forward forward
nope forward forward forward
nope alright forward forward
there you go huh
those music starting to get creepy if
you couldn't hear there was an audio
queue I don't know if the sound ever got
turned up oh no I think that means that
there was a monster behind me certain
rooms there there are monsters behind
you and so you just have to kind of run
by get a flashlight in this one
ah crap
got spooky ghosts rich
that's amazing jack isn't it just though
don't like this is gonna get barf
tacular this is gonna get barf tacky oh
I think I may actually cuz like those
last couple rooms were fairly tense you
know I got a monster's chasing me I goes
cute ghost pops I suppose at least
somewhat clever yeah I think so and if
yeah and you know what maybe my entire
judgment is clouded because it's free
this game is free a thousand rooms is a
lot of the shit oh yeah no I can't
imagine we'll make it through a thousand
rooms we'll give it another hour rich
and then we'll find something else we'll
give it till 8:30 all right cuz that's
our my favourite is the music cues when
these things pop up the grab
all right so uh anyone see the flash
return flash returned
I mean returned as the new season
started Oh
cancel it I didn't well you said that oh
oh sure no season premiere just came out
and oh my god
oh we're stuttering the game is breaking
the game is breaking perhaps
deliberately oh maybe and there's I'm
having some issues with the flash like
it's still a super fun show I like all
the actors I like all the characters but
it has a problem which is it relies far
too heavily on alternate dimensions and
altering time really what else what else
you do with flash exactly it so it has
what the fuck else do you do right
that's why I I'm not I'm not fucking
fuck he's so fast he can he can barely
interact with his opponents exactly and
so they have to keep the story fresh
which means that every once in a while
flash will go back in time and change
something or you know enter an alternate
dimension reality huh and all the
character alva of a character
progression that we've grown to love
gets wiped out wait what do you mean
wiped out oh it's actually changed in
history in the show yes
oh so most recently his slight spoiler
alert for the season premiere of flash
heads up the the season so spoiler alert
for the season finale last season of
flash and the season premiered this
season flash went back in time and
stopped the reverse flash from killing
his mom uh-huh which happened at the
whole beginning of the show yeah and
he's always been warned about messing
with time and he should
mess with time and he got to live in
this alternate dimension where his mom
didn't die and his dad didn't die and he
was super happy for like three months
but then time started catching up with
him so he had to take the guy who killed
his mom and bring him back to the time
so he could kill his mom again well
that's sucks
yeah little sucks but the reverse-flash
fucked with the timeline a little bit
and messed with Flash's girlfriend oh
and messed with his friends and so he
doesn't have any of his friends or his
girlfriend that he used to have uh-huh
and it's like these are people who kind
of make this show what it is
flash hanging out with his friends so
they just Terry the entirely new cast
know same cast but they're they're
playing slightly different versions of
their characters and so it's a little
annoying like sometimes that's fun like
hey what if this character is a little
bit different but that's that's so far
that's like every fucking season is like
what if so they've done this more than
once yeah they've done this more than
once that's just some subconscious it's
a little obnoxious fortunately for flash
all the actors are great and the writing
is pretty good and so you actually like
really liked all of their characters and
they have really good chemistry with
each other so so you know it's still a
fun watch but just a little annoyed with
the flashing in general
oh look oh that's neat I think that was
the man who was writing all the notes
game saved oh you made it further than
he did
huzzah oh I think I am starting to get a
little motion sick so I am going to the
debate is supernatural what the question
was just asked what what question oh it
was the question about his statement
just asked yeah they made it 11 minutes
they made it 11 minute well before
bringing up the sexual we split the
difference yeah a little bit further 20
not not as far as you thought oh that
was the question can America be great
again what was it what was it ever fully
their great right after World War two
everything was fine no no you know what
actually probably during World War two
okay you know why no no wasn't no wasn't
here's it here's why right here black
this this country shut for a lot of
people right after World War two and
four years not talking about specific
groups of people I'm talking about
America as a whole
here's here's why here's why America as
a whole was great during World War II
okay everybody had a job oh you were
either a soldier or making shit for
soldiers right you you make your
argument i Jim Crow man that ruins
everything
I rode your whole argument
abso-fucking-lutely yeah absolutely but
you know what there were jobs for
everyone
it sucked being a black person but
everyone had a job everyone had a job
everyone had a purpose except let's have
your Irish and there was a sign that
said Irish need not apply that was that
I think that was after the war there
before that was before the war they were
even hiring the Irish during World War
two they fucking let women
half the jobs you know I'm saying the
head - they only did that out of
necessity
exactly but everyone had a job it was
great and then the soldiers come back
and they want their jobs back and the
women go
and the Irish folk go and the black folk
oh no we kind of like working we're
gonna just stay over here now I love
America's ideals yeah I don't know that
as a country we have at any time ever
fully live up lived up to them hmm I can
probably agree with you yeah yeah I've
got some work to do we got some work to
do at making America great again
Hillary twist the dagger in his kidney
Oh wolf court yeah she's the Oh oh yeah
I believe it exit Thanks it with great
ideals we have liberties and justice in
all men were created equal and balanced
in power God but this was a but oh but
in their own an unwritten but all men
were created equal
definitely not women though not into the
1920s well well the blacks don't count
there's a 3/5 like 3/5 oh wait they have
to count neither ah damn it they're in
the you know the super part is there
were only three fits because some rich
fucking plantation owner wanted a larger
portion of the vote yep
it's disgusting disgusting okay okay
well now now for real all people are
created equal oh wait wait we're we're
at war with the Chinese I guess all
Asian Americans needs to be rounded up
now so they're not equal anymore oh wait
we're at war with a different race of
people now we'll just kick him out of
the country you you can say anything you
want about the government you can
believe everything you anything you want
to believe the communist people innocent
people are cut they have communist
leaders go to jail let's have a hearing
on that if you're a communist you're
gonna get locked up yeah goddamn commie
you can you can you can protest things
in this country after the he didn't
stand up for the flag during a sporting
event he he took a knee during a
sporting event fuck you know what let's
just pull out all sorts of police
protection for that fuck I
more about the symbol than the things it
stands for rich this is too poignant
this is too poignant I had a lady get
mad at me she was sitting next to me get
mad at me for not standing up for god
Bless America during baseball game I
told her to fuck off this is a complete
stranger yeah you should stand up yeah
blow your ass
that's a free country lady let me alone
blow it I did not stand up that's fine
that's fair
you know out rich that's absolutely fair
okay hey what are you playing back to
five nights at Freddy's hey you know
what after these two I really did not
have a plan I'll be super honest with
you I did not have a plan but love a
plan right about now and you see any
sort of any sort of plan would be better
than the lack of plan that I currently
have hold on I'm checking I'm checking
the games
okay now you're swishing this at most
I'm gonna stand up okay I know I'm gonna
stand up to that let's stand up this is
this is the point for whoever's cutting
up this video for youtube that we're
gonna take a break remember I'm gonna go
see if there's some water did I bring
the gift yeah I had the we had a gif at
one point I don't know if I brought it
here but hold on I mean I made that gift
that will be right back gift just for
such occasions let's see if we still
have it we used to have it I think it's
this mediasource back okay I think I
brought it that's what I think I did I
made that I made that fun gift oh I did
I did bring it
there it is look at boom
I made this special thing and if we put
it right to the edge here it'll like see
ya then we just move it down so it
doesn't block the camera
perfect you know what could be maybe
that will make it a little bit bigger
right there oh yeah
be back there we go that's perfect right
there so there's our will be back gift
for when we take a break so obvious
we'll be back
you
you
you
Oh welcome back rich whatever I figure
out what what game we're gonna play
whatever you want yeah whatever you want
yeah yeah yeah yeah I found some I found
some what I believe to be grapefruit
soda if anyone knows what this is
tell them thanks bye Ken they've been on
you turn their back on yeah I didn't
know you turn them back on oh yeah
they're back up they're back again oh oh
you okay yeah don't get back up okay
okay hey this was sent to us trap if you
know if you know what that is let me
know it looks like it has a picture of a
grapefruit on it quiet
I'm that was my plan and I want
something fizzy because I was feeling a
little motion stick so some grapefruit
soda I think
yes it's counting on Smith egg I forget
it was Jared Mike take a sip of that
they didn't know what it was - it was
almost a spit-take cuz supposedly it's a
very strong alcohol I think this is
alcohol
I forgot what it was called but no but
after day under Mike tried it they
looked it up it is the maybe not that
brand but that whatever type of alcohol
it is it sells it's the best selling
alcohol like in the world oh it's the
best selling alcohol in the world I
can't read the ingredients it's in my
soju
it's in Shoji's it's in Chinese or
Korean or something it's not bad it's if
some something ridiculous proof what is
this looks like soju because it's cheap
yeah I mean it's sure now that I have a
couple sips to me yeah you can like ha
it's like gasoline but that's kind of
like the kind of beer I drink anyway
it's like gasoline beer it's Korean how
dare you I'm sorry Sarah Chen I can't I
can't read any of this it's all it is to
me chicken scratch how what's the
alcohol some ninety percent it's not
ninety percent you shouldn't be quiet
yes whatever was that River it was
ridiculously high for alcohol for a
beverage you might be driving me home
then okay you take a break Oh whole yeah
that's what I got to do all doing oh yes
I do I love gasoline beer my my favorite
kind of beer to drink is like the super
high alcohol content beer look I like
double IPAs which is like 9 10 percent
alcohol a normal beer is like four I
like the nine ten percent stuff there's
there's a triple IPA at its rezoned by
six point six point resin and I want to
say it's like 13% beers great
about 16.7 what 20% alcohol I remember
it was high 24 dad that's that's crazy I
I've already had too much I'm already
too drunk to drive okay pretty sure
getting drunk isn't allowed on Twitch
this is true no that's only four that's
only four four well getting getting
drunk is not allowed on Twitch or
purposefully getting drunk okay is not a
lot on Twitch okay you can drink but you
can't say like I'm getting drunk this
dream and you know okay okay that had
that came out with the social eating oh
we have you remember that yeah no it's
still thing why why because because of
course isn't it and so that was part of
the social eating thing is you can't
like just have a very much you getting
drunk I mean that'd be so popular you
think somebody can make a thing out of
that getting sloshed on streams yes
getting sloshed that's crazy oh I don't
know we had that great this'll kill an
hour hold on let me update the all the
stuff while we download this I have no
idea how long this is gonna take to
download but it shouldn't take that long
Jack is already blitzed already no you
know what I had I had a decent lunch
today I had real food today not my
usually my breakfast lunch and dinner
consists of carb free sugar free I had I
had carbs today before lunch and dinner
so I should be able to hold my own
what am i doing there you go
hey I just screwed all that correctly
that's weirdly timed what I admit a beep
there what I had a button here no that
is crazy
Wow gold star XV 86 says hi again I
continued as an example I had to explain
what Halloween was and why we UK call it
fancy dress when my town's idea of
costumes would make Jose Fernandez wait
I got a thing that popped up and I can
read now I'm gonna find where I was
because I think the pop-up thing that
fully fuck with me man disappear what
are you made of Jose Fernandez cry great
stream I don't understand any of that I
don't understand any of it so I'm sorry
excuse me had a break and apparently the
first thing they said was before the
break oh well there you go well there
you go rich sigani was learning Romanian
to impress a girl
oh good the good says hey guys thanks
Peter
Buki game's bougie it's Columbus Day
tomorrow is that well that's true any
chance we might get a celebratory
suprise stream and honour of
italian-american pride good games coming
out can't be broke Tober I know media
plans for that uh no no not for a
Columbus Day streaming gobbly gook says
pucks yes to a rope I just went to a
cable-access Film Festival in Sacramento
and there was a documentary showing how
300,000 Japanese there lost their jobs
and businesses during World War Two so
ever watch cable access yes
we never I never had out growing up you
get unjust we lose basic cable I think
we live too far away from the city
yeah and and so we didn't get those
weird channels growing up looking for
people like me and Mike and enough I'd
known Jaya when I was looking and
looking watching like public access
stuff see what people would make you
know their own fucking home cameras and
shit right right oh okay
basically like Wayne's World kind of
stuff yeah like I know I know the trope
as far as like its portrayal in the
media yeah but I don't know if I've ever
like watched a public access there's not
many right a lot of it's like the City
Council meetings so you need cable see
it okay oh okay well yeah we didn't have
we didn't have cable we can start
playing now somebody's saying Jax
downloading a thing I'm downloading the
game he's the only a new game new game
it's a halfway done about halfway done I
do I don't hate it
I don't hate it you guys can already see
what we're playing I don't hate it I had
I had some issues with it with
Psychonauts
I have issues with Psychonauts which and
like basically what it boils down to is
I don't think it had a very strong
ending and I never really felt like I
was progressing but wait we used to have
a public access show that focused on
porn even showed softcore porn clips it
was crazy
that is great agree is Kurt that's very
great
yeah sure what
oh I'm just reading the chat and I stood
shaman and baking bacon pancakes are in
the middle of a conversation so dear
child UK says this debate is whoa easily
the most off the rails oh definitely
shots fired recommend watching the whole
thing later if you miss it absolutely
I'm it'll be it'll be on YouTube as soon
as it's done and there'll be little
every every news outlet will have its
own highlight reel of the debate as soon
as it's over I'm looking forward to it I
cuz I like I like watching that guys
this is gonna be discussed in college
classrooms for years maybe summer
doesn't care I might actually look into
that shit just like what's happening
yeah yeah what kind of shit is and you
know what they probably know that the
viewership is pretty low yeah and that's
bad for them I'm sure Cara's probably
watching it oh yeah yeah it's bad for
both parties at viewership is low and so
they're up in the crazy to make sure
everyone watches it tomorrow is it low
that's football I assume is low hmm it's
going up against football what do I
think about the creepy clown thing what
is the deal here I've only recently
heard about this it's just it's popping
up all over the place the the one here
locally there there was a Green Bay
creepy clown not locally in Wisconsin
there's a creepy clown walking around
Green Bay and it had to do with the
movie that they were making the applause
and so just creepy clowns are popping up
in random places around the country you
know that's fine I think it's kind of
dumb but whatever the thumbs have always
been creepy we don't even have to try it
just have a dress up like a clown like I
had an instant creep I don't think
that's the incident room obviously you
went to Clown College you know what you
think the clown I think that'd work but
you know what if someone wants to do
that dress up like a clown and like walk
around the streets late at night that's
fine you know what I've never been into
what pranking yeah just pranks in
general like especially like the people
who
like record that stuff like prank videos
those are so every every single one on
YouTube is absolutely completely fake I
believe that I believe that but I've
just never been into it there was one
prank video that very early on in my
video making days that I tried to do
with my cousin and we made it we made a
horrible error yeah we got we invested
in a wireless microphone yeah and back
in the day that was a he that was a huge
investment you know this is 15 years ago
longer longer than 15 years ago way
longer than 20 years ago at this point
maybe 20 years ago we invested in a
wireless microphone and we're like great
what are we gonna do with this this is
gonna change our life and so we decided
to do a prank video and the video was I
I found a way to conceal the camera
under some coats and I was that was the
recorder yeah and he had the microphone
on and he we went to Barnes & Noble and
he started asking employees where he
could find the bibley he was going he
had a theology class okay and his and
his theology professor needed him to
read the bibley and he didn't know what
that was
and that was the bit was like and then
like eventually you someone real like
the bibley I think it's Mexican because
it's got hey-zeus in it I think it's
like Mexican theology
I lied checked by all the Mayan stuff I
checked by all my life but I couldn't
find things so can you help me find the
bibley and eventually we found this one
employee who was like I think he means
the Bible he's like what's that and so
like they go to the Bible section and
this poor girl spent 15 20 minutes
trying to as neutrally as possible
explain to someone who has never heard
of the Bible what it is so it's like a
Jack Chick track come to life what's a
jack kick track and he does the
Christian comics to try to get you to
convert and typically his characters who
convert they've never heard of Jesus
strange some strange world where you can
grow up not have heard of these things
right right and so that was his
character yeah he he had no idea what
the Bible was and this poor girl she was
just like well you see well some people
so like he's he's like like he's Jesus
not hey-zeus Jesus he's like God and and
and and my cousin was like okay so he's
God okay okay but but so like the whole
book is about it well not the whole book
the whole first half of it is about his
dad who's also and and he like he had
her going it was it was actually like a
super hilarious bit but we made a huge
mistake I was listening to this
conversation through the wireless
microphones yeah but the wireless
microphone only had one audio out which
was supposed to be plugged into the
camera yeah so I there's all this
footage and I heard it all Jack Jack Oh
like I said this was our wireless
microphone we were doing just audio
tests and we forgot to plug it into the
camera jack
yeah Jack the one real prick the one
real one break and you messed it up
yeah I know I know but yeah no I messed
it up and I felt I felt terrible I mean
you know it was it was both of our
mistakes because like yeah we're both
setting up the equipment but I I was the
one running the camera this was
obviously like I was 15 when yeah okay
okay that I was nowhere near
professional this was just some white
because it was 15 no and the reason that
the headphones were plugged into the
receiver was because we were doing an
audio test and then we didn't plug it
into the camera because I was 15 right
no we're that time we had to redo a best
of the worst discussion because the zoom
wasn't recording the audio right no no
that was well before the zoom that was
well before the zone okay that was that
was just
can't camera oh you know what it was is
there are two settings for the camera
audio one is XLR n + one is onboard
camera and all of the cameras were set
to onboard during a best of the worst
discussion so you would have had that
awful warehouse echo yeah so well yeah
so what all like this with like a
hundred percent more echo and you
couldn't be able to hear anything yeah
yeah yeah yeah so we had to do an entire
an entire but it's ready to go
I think we came up with better stuff the
second time so that opossums worried
that that's right the wrote or episode
the wrote or what was the other one we
changed it up is what lives so blend
basically we just wrote or from
practical purposes no it was rotatory
myself 1989 notice that was the first
ringer we tried to change it and that
was just not working that one didn't
work what was the original robot jacks
that was those one we ended up and
trudged I tried to wear the one we've
tried to replace was the robo tracker
cyber dragon okay I think cyber tracker
was the one we ended up doing oh you're
one of those Robo Jackson cyber charter
here's the thing we tried to change one
of the movies maybe was just tried
because we couldn't work because the
tape didn't work for class in 1999 it
doesn't matter because 90% of the
episodes just talking about wrote oh
yeah
can you guys see the game now because I
because sometimes when games go
fullscreen it gets all Janka fight we're
having issues with our second monitor if
you cannot see the game and stream let
us know please let us know if there's a
problem with the visuals Seibert ray
yeah one cyber tracker and class of 1999
which didn't play someone saying in all
caps look at the screen more detail no
game no game nope no game okay
quickly says hey guys have you heard of
the onslaught of clown sightings since
August here we go
since you guys are on both sides of the
fight I'm expecting an exciting exchange
hashtag clown lives matter we just had a
talk about it they braid it up you can't
skip that apparently gosh darn it all
Tim all dinner all Tanner you just have
to wait those done oh that's obnoxious
that's obnoxious we cannot stop the game
from not doing anything but playing as
soon as this opening intro is done then
we can then we can change it up Frisco
Jones says Frisco gee you guys are
missing an absolute dumpster fire okay
well I'm looking forward to it it was
yours opening you're selling a grainy
VHS copy shows up on the wheel of the
worst the next year Oh that'd be great
Gold Star XV 86 says Jose Fernandez is
the costume designer behind many recent
sci-fi movies Elon Musk is getting him
to design space X's space suit Oh for
real use but Halloween costumes suck I
make joke carry on sir
gotcha that's great good old Elon Musk
I'm assuming that text I got was about
how the debate is a dumpster fire double
check absolutely his text says OMG the
debate is a dumpster fire lol

[Part III]
well that's my seat you know what like
every other swig of this either tastes
like like burnt rubbing alcohol or
grapefruit soda every other swing I'm
sorry we're still in the cutscene that
we can't skip I would love to I would
love to skip it but we're still in the
cutscene that we can't skip Oh nope
she was ordering Jimmy Jones I don't
know if I wanted anything oh that was at
home that was very nice so it was not
about the dumpster fire no but I told
her about it great still no game yep
we're working on it I can't alt tab or
alt enter or escape out of the game I'm
really working on the people you have to
believe me that I'm working on the game
I'm you being able to see the game yes
now games we see game Oh oh great so is
just the cutscene who's that it while
you were away your game automatically
paused okay great
why did you automatically pause why what
do you mean while I was away can you all
tab even no control so awfully delete
that's what I can do
we're just gonna okay so oh my god look
at what what is that what happens if
visits in the game's resolution oh Jesus
Christ
alright we're gonna end that task real
quick everyone and it and it real quick
we're putting the kibosh on psychonaut
Psychonauts
we will just gonna yeah I think
move this like over here then we might
be able to see it during the stream well
there's something I need to change I can
only assume that once we get into the
game we can change its resolution no I
didn't do it
okay
is it recognizing the controller yeah I
think I was doing stuff yeah I pressed a
to begin it was all for naught if you
add window to the game arguments and
steam you should be able to run it in
the window mode
I'm looking for settings oh here we go
option what are you trying to do just
see the chat well I wanted to see OBS to
make sure that we were streaming it but
uh look at this yeah this only works
with the mouse oh that's weird
options here we go
I probably doesn't have widescreen
options yeah isn't yeah
that changed things a little bit can we
go higher hopefully threaten let's try
to go high I didn't want to push our
luck
professional streamers look we just set
this game up first time because the
other games were playing we're boring
and we're making us nauseous what do you
want what do you want I could play
nothing that would be doable
okay actually don't like this as much as
720 you like to send what what
oh wait
there we go that's what you want that's
what I want hey hey now we can see
everything ish
you guys can't yet but I'll fix that I
can't say oh look it looks weird it's
now looks weird cuz I got I got nothing
to tell you that's all right yeah we'll
fix that now I bet we can yes now we can
all tap out I come over here to game
come here okay why because the screen
and bigand itself for no reason
sometimes right sometimes it's sometimes
things happen it's sometimes it's a
little more complicated than it needs to
be but you know what I don't know why
they happen but they happen they do but
hey we're here still going there we go
everything's fine and how about ash vs.
Evil Dead Season 2 I'm sure I'll be fine
I'm staring oh oh is it eggs second
episodes today oh okay yeah I haven't
seen I didn't I didn't know it started
already or else I would have been
watching it I you know what I did catch
though what Westworld yeah first episode
of West world fuck yeah I'm super into
west world there's a new show I saw a
trailer for I don't know if I should
make you watch it live the trailer no no
I went West world's for a show call I
think it's tan against evil
I've heard of this I think it's
basically ash vs. Evil Dead okay with a
knockoff ash hmm it's kind of
unbelievable it's kind of shameless it's
kind of completely utterly shameless
yeah with one of the doctors from scrubs
is it up he's the star but it's
basically it's ash vs. Evil Dead right
I'm down with that
I'm down with that
Stan Stan against evil is what it's
called I think that's the name I could
be getting it wrong sure because it's
basically just ash purses Evil Dead but
not right right oh come on
we seen the new Exorcist show on Fox I
have not Jack of you I have done okay we
have it up
sorry epic Jason next 9000 you need your
mouse okay so I know the season premiere
of West world though was just phenomenal
yes it's gonna be great it's it's robots
its violence it's sci-fi it's Anthony
Hopkins who I didn't know was in it did
they make you buy a theme park filled
with robots super lifelike robots do
they make that believable ah yes I guess
does it take planning takes place like
near future unspecified future yeah
sometimes sometime in the in the
not-too-distant future where everything
is kind of the same I can't imagine them
turning that into like a TV show in this
day and age and not having like a wink
and nod the audience
let's do silly - silly a concept no they
they take it pretty seriously and
there's a you know beta so basically the
give for this West world is the theme
park is a playground for rich assholes
yep and most people end up coming there
just so they can kill things
that look like people and rape things
that look like women okay that's it okay
in the Y in the Wild West
yeah and that's that's basically the
premise and the you know the the actors
who play the robots are fantastic and
Cyclops is in it what's his name Jason I
don't know the guy the actor who played
Psych sure but I have no idea what his
name is
I can't I didn't know it he looks like
okay well he looks like generic handsome
man which is great and Rachel Rachel
who's the lady star Chad who's the lady
star for Westworld she is something else
so Jeff saying it's from the robots
point of view a little bit yeah a little
bit a sentience well it's it's because
you're never quite you know because
they're humans obviously you're never
quite Jason James Marsden is Cyclops and
who's the lady before we get too far as
this Evan Rachel Wood Rachel Evan wood
thank you Rachel Evan would you know who
that is she's an actress she's great
she's fantastic
you never really know who's a robot and
who's a real person really just because
they're all you know real actors and
then like you you kind of figure it out
slowly and it's a little bit from the
robots perspective and it's following
Anthony Hopkins who's the owner of this
park and the main designer and there's
another designer and so it's oh it's so
great so this is gonna make a miniseries
or an unknowing flat out ongoing play
out on go yeah I believe Fred flat out
ongoing and it's it's just so good it's
got violence it's got a good story it's
got those lofty sci-fi ghost in the
machine type questions and yes she's
related to me Evans is not a common last
name at all that's her middle name
Rachel Evans was okay so she's
definitely definitely there's a hundred
percent
it's the neck yeah it's the next game of
Thrones because they're only doing one
more season of Game of Thrones
they need something to replace it and
it's got its got tits and dicks and
violence that's all you need just so
many wieners it's on Westworld yeah so
it's not on Fox somebody's saying
something is up Fox I don't know what's
on Fox I don't know what they're talking
about but if it's got wieners it's not
on Fox that phone no no it's HBO
oh yeah black mirror season three is
coming up that'll be great
did someone say tits I did Westworld
lots of tits on unsexy tits and wieners
that's what Westworld is Jesus Christ is
it unsexy it's great because of course
they're they're humanoid
you know they're Androids their humanoid
robots and so like when they're
repairing them it's just like naked
people sitting on chairs while they're
like repairing a part of them and so
it's unflattering unsexy nudity and just
dicks everywhere game is quiet subtitles
when you turn the game audio up a little
bit they want to hear a fart of shit
hang you know whatever you know what
sound father they're also right that we
should put subtitles on this is a very
talky ya hockey game subtitles boom okay
well myself and I'll turn the sound
alright alright and OH and then we'll go
over here come on
yeah we go go over to you and desktop
audio nope we can't when we were messing
around with stuff OBS might have freaked
out a little bit so we can't turn the
sound up sorry what will turn up in
games you can i thought i found that we
couldn't but I know you know what I will
do the old Doble check I know everything
look good oh yeah cranked everything
appears to be cranks I'm sorry and I
don't want to fuss with OBS too much or
else rash the straighter it rose my
crass extreme and Deena just who knows
if we could find the will to get it back
started we're talking about and now we
have sex almost anything here you can
read you're probably listening to the
debate anyway unflattering unsexy nudity
nudity ie how to make the debates more
about
well doesn't sound like they need it by
the way wouldn't that be fast a
fascinating that would be a black mirror
episode the only way you can run for
political office is you have to you have
to do it it'll be the reasoning for that
just the most desperate people to for
power would run for office if make
things worse you it you would it you
would have the moment the more shameless
you are it's no it's not about shameless
it's about it's about transparency and
it's about not not a you know you you
have to want it so bad where these
people who are actually qualified for
the job are not necessarily the people
you want to be looking then is the twist
that the people vote for the more
attractive person we ignore I'm the
person with the good ideas maybe is
overweight and has a small dinky yep
maybe is that is that twist I wasn't
listening
ABB's you can believe in chuck just
wants more boobs in his life Jack's got
two kids he's had enough boobs in his
life and you guys know I'm a butt man
get out of here I don't care
what this game does have a really cool
looking right it has a very unique look
to it I think my issue with his game was
that every level teaches you a new
ability and there's there's never really
a time that you get to kind of like
master and use okay there's never a
moment where you get to kind of like
master and use those abilities it's just
like I guess this is the end now sorry
Jen so I'm jealous please fax over some
of the so G my tummy hurts the soju has
been by the way like that little bit of
motion sickness that I had is gone now
that's so did you clean it right up
taking that other bottle home if Jen
Mike didn't like it I don't think they
did great and you know what even if they
did I'm taking it home anyway okay
that's fine that's fine that's my
payment so like I'll get blamed right
my belly's feeling nice and warm right
now nice and warm belly the sign of good
booze warm belly while we're talking
about Tim Schafer's is simply too poopy
yes what do you think about grill
offending
Fandango is they only point and click I
ever liked and it's all on the strength
of the setting and some of the
characters uh-huh which we're always Tim
Schaefer strong suit as far as I don't
know it's tough to stream those kinds of
game and grim fandago does have
voiceover got full audio yeah so it's
not like we could do funny voices and
try to try to entertain that way and in
a game whose strong suit is its
characters who talk to each other and
then we'd be talking about that we just
saw its yeah that's usually a recipe for
stream disaster would be talking all
over the witty dialogue right vertical
play
I like legs and by extension
oh you know everybody likes a different
thing I said the same thing about quest
for glory for your right I wasn't
thinking about grim fandago when I said
that about quest for glory for and I
wasn't thinking about quest for glory
for when I said that about grim fandago
so those are the two point-and-click
sigh like oh no I've been called out I
can never run for office then that's
gonna be your October Surprise rich is
they're gonna they're gonna point out
your inconsistencies with liking
different point-and-click adventures as
a general rule I don't like the point
and clicks yeah those are those two or
the exceptions sometimes rich you just
got to grab the important cliques by the
pussy you know I just want to say that
as often as possible so everyone
understands how ridiculous it is
I've never played an antenna I haven't
played most of the LucasArts ones and
maybe that would change my mind I don't
know a lot of my my point-and-click
experiences with some of the Sierra ones
and I think they're terrible yeah we
could play maybe we could play day of
the tentacle on stream I I love Sierra's
old parlor games where you kind of know
usually I refuse to walk around but then
you type what you did of those yeah
warm fuzzy nostalgic feelings all around
for that shit someone's not feeling
quite right about the Camry and I'm
wondering if I have to invert the other
one too
yeah
now that feels right
great
great
can we tell you cases Anderson Cooper as
Loki told Trump - shut up twice now
damn ac360 is laying it down
definitely more fireworks than the pents
Kane debate for sure well God right
kind of wish bidden was here to make it
funnier I'm talking by front Brydon
sorry oh god I love my binds great he's
the greatest vice presidential anything
ever he that man is crazy
oh yeah Mr Bowles Dan Quayle well only
because Dan Quayle fucked up so bad but
no Biden's Biden's the the crazy uncle
who you know like get you pop like he's
easy he's that uncle who will buy beer
for you on your trial he's crazy
did you watch the pence no I came oh my
god what a snorefest which by the way is
just like memos vice presidential
candidates in general that only matters
if if Hillary and book Trump has a heart
attack right after getting into office
right get out here Oh Biden has done
nothing policy-wise Biden is Biden just
acts crazy and that's why I like him I'm
not saying I like him because of his
policy he hasn't done anything but he's
crazy
you should play some classic games
instead of ghouls and ghosts demons
crushed super Castlevania 4 and etc I
think I think that love is a mistake I
think you want us to play ghouls and
ghosts demons crushed instead already
alright instead of this first spooky
October Oh is she I mean yeah we can and
you know what
yeah ghosts and goblins would be fucking
great play maximum again ghosts and
goblins ghouls and ghosts super ghouls
and ghosts
it's a classic shit it's 6:03 idiot
sense that is also why you guys should
play Zack McCracken and the alien
Mindbenders or Monkey Island loom the
graph this is a 8,000 games you want me
to play maybe I'll give to them
something not on my current agenda
thank you I appreciate it but I'm full
I'm so full I'm amazingly amazingly sick
and early full of games and I would like
to play right now madam mrs. rich rich
watched a lot of TOS TNG and voi wow
that's a lot of letters I started
watching the first season of ds9
and it's a very sand it's very slow is
ds9 worth watching LOL fondle my phallus
Dione I think it's pretty decent it's
pretty good decent is pretty good yeah
TNG here's how I've rank the shows okay
TNG TOS a lot of which is prime to
soldier I'm not sure ds9 then though
it's very very different you could make
the argument that Deep Space nine isn't
really trick well I know it like the
rhyme at only thematically it's not
trick I had a problem with it because it
was so different than next-gen yeah you
know like next-gen is all about like
playful pacifism but to us and TNG yeah
that classic Star Trek is
it's about how human humankind is gonna
advance work to progress beyond our
petty problems war is gonna be a thing
of the past everyone's gonna have food
our technology will save us wool will
aspire to greater heights and will
evolve into something better than we are
now and there is hope for the future and
we will do it ourselves ds9 is like the
opposite of all of that all of our
technologies are progress we were wrong
Wars inevitable exploration has just
made us discover things that are going
to kill us and our only hope is that the
gods will save us that's why I had a
brain yeah Deep Space 9 thematically is
a fucking 180 on the rest of Trek Sisko
is the best captain but that's why it's
so great I'm not saying it's bad I'm
just saying like I like the hopeful
track it's got a message that uh you
know we're not doomed we do we do have
it within us to drag ourselves up out of
the mark I like that yeah
which makes ds9 the most true that might
be true but we're talking about fiction
and voyagers terrible and enterprise
that everyone watch much of it because
it bored me so much i I've never seen a
single episode of enterprise which is a
classic closet romantic I don't think
he's a classic there's a general
romantic other that's I think you're a
general romantic not a closeted romantic
I'm very cynical oh you oh sure I'm a
romantic wrapped in a sec you're
protective cynical blanket yeah you're a
cynic rabbit oh yeah okay I get you I'm
a romantic who knows better and I think
that's probably true of most yeah
not a missus
what are you hate fucking Knights of the
Old Republic oh never after the shit I
got for hate playing vampire the
masquerade bloodlines as a joke that
that seriously but heard people like
like people took that shit seriously oh
my god they really did not like us
playing vampire the masquerade and not
liking it yeah
even though that's always said we were
gonna do from the start a lot of anal
blood all over them
yeah our chat and email and comments
just you know a lot of people very
butter
a lot of people very butter
yes that's right you just need to see me
interact with Karen you know that I am a
romantic oh it's like you it's like you
like want to show your affection towards
our game which I love you cases is steve
2014 worth playing have it on steam
started when it first came out and
forgot about it might give it a play
after my current state of games is
finished
also this Mike ever come on stream all
the time he's here elegant Mike never
comes on stream he's been on stream once
for like grand total of 20 minutes
ladies you just missed them today and
never get your hopes up by that isn't
that not a thing
Matt thank you shy about doing these
live freaking things as far as deep 2014
I never played it because I've only
heard bad things about it it everything
I've heard it seems to me to be lacking
a lot of the things that made the
classic beef enjoyable yeah like what
smaller levels a little bit more linear
and how you can progress through things
but lots of like the checkpoints and
loading zones the thief he famously had
like large sprawling levels the world is
is not the same and missing a lot of the
the great fat like the hammerites aren't
in the new one there's the order of
their hammers it's just not there then
the pagans I think a lot of the magic
type stuff is gone
and Garrett has written all fucked up
the main character voice definitely had
written all fucked up supposedly he's
he's written kind of like like Batman
like badass
when in the old games grab such a great
character cynical thief said a gold
world-weary thief practical to a fault
brant poles like that and swing on left
the keepers cuz he didn't like their
ceremonial prophecy cryptic nonsense
Frank Garrett was a practical man I got
these stealth skills I'm gonna use them
to steal shit
what
stop it I own 2014 but that's all
because I got it like dirt cheap but I
thought you know maybe maybe someday
I'll play it out of curiosity a little
bit but I've never I've never even
touched it you don't need to steal in
thieve 2014 let's that's insane that's
that's just insane
damnit rich you're making me want to
dust off D forget me at least I'm making
somebody want to dust off these sorry
not sorry I'm I'm only nagging you about
it I would normally would normally I
would respect your not wanting to play
it but I would like to do a
retrospective episode okay and not only
can we yeah otherwise Jack I understand
that I really wish there were some way
is there a way to turn around on these
things yeah no I think that might be the
puzzle right why do you say Wayne well
just just jump when you're on the back
end of this way you see what answer you
can't nope oh thank you pressing down to
turn around sister Jeff press down on
the d-pad down does not up and down do
this
I moved from one end to the other press
Y press Y to change Oh yep that's it
well I did it Wow didn't you try all the
buttons I thought I tried why apparently
I didn't I thought I did
now
that wasn't right that wasn't the right
way to go we did hit chat
yep we all did it nope Oh yep do it
what's going on you supposed to be down
there what's the weird no I wasn't okay
what's going on is I don't necessarily
know where to go next
we should play star flight Genesis
version place star light and compare it
to no man Scotty I'm the genesis is what
they're asking perfect don't look into
something not on my list right now
is there some kind of rule on this dream
that we have to play the most boring
games available yep do you guys not know
that's the direction we're taking the
stream when he did something really
exciting for that straight okay
really really legit exciting so we're
gonna we're gonna do a retrospective -
good I think you missed an appointment I
think you're out early and completely
missing the point
be something really exciting next room
is gears open
no no you sure know that streams next
room is Wednesday when does what is
gears for available for PC I thought it
was available now no it doesn't come out
until uh 11:30 12:00 so maybe next room
yeah
I know I know stardew valley got a big
update yeah yeah where do I go ten
eleven right
I'll be nice and brand-new I wouldn't
mind trying gears thought of gears of
the mouse sounds good I mean I kind of
like years 1 & 2
that wasn't very intuitive as of right
now and I had to play that with a
controller
yes so here's what the mouse might be
plumbing could could be I see I see that
he's punched the wall now that was not
very intuitive I never got around to
playing 3 which tells you how much I
like them but they're fine for a council
shooter that first gears I really hope I
hope thank which comes out on PC that
would make my millennium yeah that would
make my fucking millennium
here's one was great but sequels never
click with me
gears two had the best character in the
series and they foolishly killed him off
because they thought that was funny
carmine carmine was fuckin awesome
then he died because he had no I
instantly liked the second carmine died
I like lost interest in everything that
was going on in Gears of War two which
tells you a lot about the game he was
the only character I gave a shit whether
he lived or died
oh my god spoilers that game came out
like six eight years ago I was in a
while yeah I think Coltrane standard
Macduff died where's my wife I used to
want to find my wife where's my wife
that was dumb I thought that was coal
coal train was the football player one
yeah wasn't it wasn't cold one look at
her there's no doubt that the Latino one
he was looking for his wife I thought
Cole was looking for his wife maybe they
were both looking for his wife look it
wasn't the most creative story in the
world true dad they killed carmine about
ten minutes into the game - I'm talking
about yours - Carmine's there - carmine
well three I guess the third one has one
but the brother in the second one was a
fantastic character like the the the
rookie the green rookies just
enthusiastic you know he's good by they
should have gone because that's what
made him fun
okay
was Dom looking for some maybe down life
you know mines are in one of the games
she's all fucked up that was no always
cold looking for his dog I don't
remember any of this let's see that's
the proud that's the the both of the
positives and negatives of Gears of War
here is it's a fun action game and the
stories kind of bland and shit but like
the action is good enough to make up for
the story being bland and shit you know
no one gives a shit about the stories of
Gears of War you know what we care about
like can we saw an alien of fucking
panic that's when they realized this
extremely slow paced and cover was how
you make a shooter work for the
controller and the only way you could
possibly make it kind of work
I'll fuck that now I'm trying to get the
things
yep
what happened to his wife who know who
knows no she was all fucked up when they
found him
Martin's have got a casket thing I
haven't I just really don't know jack we
need to know about the motivation no see
like here like here's here's you know
like it either needs to be a good tight
story or have awesome action this was
you need to have the awesome action
this was our this was our whole Luke
Cage problem daredevil Jessica Jones is
and gears has the awesome action and
weapons and you can saw an alien in half
and that's all that matters look a good
a good story can only help a game but
the game part is the most important part
and your focus your primary focus should
be making a fun game a good story can
enhance the funny I'm a good story I can
make a mediocre game feel better yeah
you can can't be ass now you can have a
game with fantastic gameplay and not
give a shit at all about the story but
if it's got a good gameplay no one will
give a fuck right
no ones no one intelligent will give a
fine be some asshole about the story the
story made no sense how could I mean how
could the do marine have lives were in
that Testament before they opened it I
didn't see any sort of power supply
going to the Cascade so it's unreal if
there's an unrealistic amount of demons
running around the Mars base according
to Newton's law of thermodynamics
there's no way the teleporter to hell
could work properly as moving the
Marines molecules to the hell would the
cool demon lives a ridiculously long
time after you rip his eye out should be
dead like a medium maybe just just
undulates a bit on the ground screaming
completely under lift them
that was my big problem with doom it's
so unrealistic you would how could you
have been record that large often
monsters head based based off of current
animal knowledge that humans have at the
moment I could not rip a horn that five
off of hood like I failed right now
assuming that horn is made out of chitin
which is the horns are made on at that
diameter take the forth of about two
semi-trucks to rip that off that demons
head and oh as we can see when the
Marine grunts as he's lifting himself up
from from a relatively small standpoint
he did not have this sort of upper-body
strength needed to rip off that horn
how does killing a demon get you like
space bullets Facebook about doom is
when you kill it even you get bullets
and so are we to believe that he
compresses the bullets into his them for
the fashion in the house that would make
them easy to be propelled from a gun I
don't think so
trying to do a walk a jump would kill
you retinol would not propel you into
the air it's much more likely than the
fourth caused by a rocket jump would a
harvester marine therefore I find doom
to be unrealistic we get it quit the
fucking bitch me whatever fun the right
way Jesus Christ is that pre reckoning
nutshell you're having son wrong
they're just mad because they're the
kind of person that writes those
comments on the forum crap you guys
hashtag having fun one
couldn't make that can we put that like
under the previously recorded title
having fun wrong previously recorded
having fun like put in a weird small
text like underneath the title no but I
mean well like what the here anywhere
everywhere we have the title oh oh oh
just make that part of the subtitle
it'll be our slogan having fun wrong
previously recorded having fun wrong
won't be our title it'll just be our
slogan but you know what that'll be our
t-shirt hashtag having fun right okay
have it your way
you're gonna this is terrible but I love
it
this is exactly my kind of beverage
terrible but hi I'd buy that t-shirt
we'll get out designers I I'm no longer
designing stuff our our new logo all of
that stuff if you noticed we had a new
intro animation in this last episode
this very talented designer who has been
remaking all of the logos for me because
I'm terrible at that
send it to me I will use it I'm terrible
at that kind of stuff we're gonna we're
gonna crowdsource
yeah okay we're doing an object okay
sorry chances
I finally found more beverages to drink
you should totally have a few more sips
gender again bill or Banzai or whatever
them Chinese is safe I don't think they
say any of this the geronimo that's what
the Chinese say did you say that she's
one of them Chinese that's her word damn
it
do I accept scribble doodles on notebook
paper no you need to give me images I
can give to a t-shirt person and they
are again by I'm not saying it saying it
again in the chats not gonna let me know
how to say it right I'm just gonna read
it the same way I'm reading can buy rich
can buy alright a mental Asian Jack you
nailed me I'm a technicality
well technically we thought like to play
on that geographically even Russian -
they're considered Asian Vladimir Putin
big Asian number one Asian Gumby Gumby
was a green lump of clay you guys yeah
we said it like Gandhi I know who Gandhi
is and it was not a no Gandhi isn't
Gumby here's what I remember liking
about the game he's like the world's
like all the character design is very
fun the world is very fun it is so sick
of this style of platformer when this
came out yeah and to this day even
bigger collectibles yeah oh yeah I can't
stand the collectibles but collect them
all yeah I'm with you but you know what
it's fun it's fun to look at it got it
got really boring the game the gameplay
god I've got a whole lot of not fun but
I think there's a lot of good in the
game
overall though I just never over all
damn it I get it you write clever
dialogue we don't need to fucking to
hear it all the time that's the only
thing he has going for him I wanna
fucking I won't play again check your
you're having fun wrong Brickel what
freckle was your homeboy what what it
was something you guys say stuff I do
not always understand this I'm not drunk
but like I feel like I'm drunk you know
no no no
you know who we dog okay hey did you
hear that did you hear about the Chinese
space station no it's gonna crash back
here really yeah next year no I'm
waiting like a puncher this is not a
setup for a bit like I hoped like before
the end of the stream right before the
end of the stream you tell me the punch
line
it's a properly themed yeah
no no this is this is not a this is not
a bit
the they're having they had an issue
with the Chinese space station good and
they can no longer control it and so
they don't know where it's going to land
is the real problem now statistically
speaking it's going to land in an ocean
then we just go through this with meal
not just but didn't we didn't we go
through those Amir not that long ago hmm
Mirror Mirror Mirror Mir oh I don't know
I don't know if we just went through
this with Mir I don't know that I was
just reading the news about the Chinese
space station honestly it's probably
something not much different than the
space shot yeah bunch of debris it lands
all over like an area the size of a mile
Oh
exactly like most of it'll burn up and a
miles way too small actually probably
miles and miles worth of debris just a
little bit here and there yeah and most
likely it'll be over the ocean and so
just it's not gonna hurt anybody
or do any damage but the problem is
usually with space junk something like
that they can guide it you know like
that it has some sort of propulsion
system so they can guide it down to make
sure that it lands someplace on
inhabited yeah and all of that
technology broke they should shoot it
down you know if they do that it will
still crash right that that I hope that
was a joke I I hope that was a joke I
hope that was a joke that was joke
yes then it's still crashes and then
they still can't control where it ends
up I'm probably give me a good estimate
know if anything's shooting it down me
and it's like a 75 percent chance of
finding in the water right right so
statistically speaking we're fine but as
you mentioned earlier statistically
speaking you should still be more
worried about the presidential election
that's gonna kill more people wins it'll
kill a lot of brown people if Trump wins
will kill everybody absolutely everybody
oh I get it yeah yeah I mean yeah yeah
yeah it took me a while to understand
what you meant by brown people yeah I'll
be honest with you
I'll be quite honest with you but I'm
collected careful sludge Pillai says
fearful slugs boy hey drunk jack I'm
drunk Jack was wondering why you don't
embed the prereq up asides when you
tweet them out instead it's just a
picture and a link any reason for this
the I get the only thing I tweet out is
I didn't know I could do that what I
tweet out is the the channel page that
hosts the video so I guess I didn't know
I couldn't weed out the embed of the
video some people could watch it
directly from Twitter so I will look
into that how about that how about them
apples
I'll look into that so yeah all I tweet
is the channel page you know like our
main channel where all of our videos
will show up you sneeze that's all you
can say to an atheist nay theist you
don't need to say anything
yes New Krypton sneezed you could say
gesundheit which is German for you right
for your health like if you don't say
gesundheit to me yeah I won't be upset
right I tend to say to other people cuz
they find a point yeah but that would be
the way to say something polite does in
time good zoo day what does it mean I'm
something that means something to your
health do your help okay
yeah then cos I'm Titan is the rough
translation where'd you say nothing cuz
it's just the fucking sneezin who cares
it's an invalid or involuntary expulsion
of halogens and dirts from your nasal
cavity
it requires no vocal acknowledgement
whatsoever
right
I tell people to shut up the greatest is
when you say it ways when you say
Gesundheit when people fart they get
really embarrassed then maybe relieve I
just think you thought they sneezed
yes the in general people say people
acknowledge something when you sneeze I
acknowledge your involuntary bodily
function I have to watch this debate
when I get home I wasn't gonna look into
any of these debates it just did not
care is it so fucked i I don't plan on
voting room for president right I do you
can probably guess who I'm voting for
though I'm writing in Howard the Duck
cuz I think he's got a real chance don't
think you can do it right in here you
don't think I can do it right in I don't
think you can no I don't know you know
what
I'll be honest with him I don't know
Howard no bless you basically means I
saw what you did and I am okay with how
gross it is you don't need to say that
it's completely involuntary it's it
would be insane to get upset at somebody
for that that was gross they couldn't
help it right and it isn't bless you've
like from an olden time when one a
sneeze could kill you because that you
know we didn't have modern medicine and
two people thought it was your soul
escape I don't I don't know these are
the actual origins this is just
something more recently that people have
made up but what I've heard was that it
was believed that you would momentarily
die when you sneezed like your heart
would stop and that an evil spirit could
take over your body what that's what
I've heard
I didn't hear I don't know if that's
true or just some more bullshit that was
never actually a folklore or old wives
tale you know I don't that's a recent
fiction or sure or the original fiction
behind god bless you but that's what
I've heard
okay
that's what my grandmother told me yeah
I just don't know what's true well I'm
just glad sneezes aren't contagious like
yawns 'that would be horrible that's you
choose you fuck something he imagined
somebody sneezing in a movie theater it
would be a be chaos it'd be great a lot
of times I will still default to god
bless you just because you know that's
how I grew up and it's almost like it's
almost like an involuntary reaction for
me like someone sneezes god bless you I
have been trying to consume tight just
because just because of my personal
beliefs but every once in a while I
bless you will sneak out of there not
like that's a bad thing because you know
what even if someone is not really
juicing you say bless you it's not that
it's just not that big a deal I
acknowledge your body's involuntary
function like it's just be nice to
people yeah they they expect you know
usually people expect you to say God
bless you one this nice yeah wasn't that
good of course if I were if I were
having like let's say some kind of
crisis in my life
yeah and instead he said I'm praying for
you I wouldn't say well I don't believe
in prayers and you should do that I
would say oh thank you very much and I
would appreciate the sentiment that
there yes trying to express thinking
yeah sweet thank you let me tell you a
thing or two you certainly didn't
incorporate my beliefs into your
thoughts of me
unit six or three idiot says yes trip
wins that means the US and Russia both
will have cartoon versions of how both
countries saw each other during the Cold
War we are we are already at three
minutes to midnight
think about that as I said Trump wins
and and I'm still not voting for
president so that tells you what I think
a Hillary take her take her
o take her she you know what you know
she ain't she ain't perfect but she
ain't him
this time it's lupus says hey guys the
debate just finished thank you so much
for giving me something else to watch
you know what you're welcome
that's that's what we're here for that's
what we're here for well we'll give you
the distraction everyone can now watch
the highlight reel if Trump wins will
you move to Toronto that won't save you
from the nukes rich you've never said a
more correct thing ever you understand
like what nuclear the nuclear radius of
modern nuclear weapons is right and then
and then we're like that doesn't even
factor in fallout you know like people
say we're still like getting radiation
fallout from Nagasaki
I'm so fucked if we were still getting
it fallout would last that long or not
follow-up sorry not you have to worry
about the thousands of nuclear tests
that have happened since that and not
not following fallout was a character of
side effects okay I'm still getting side
effects football was the wrong term
sorry everyone
what do you mean by side effects them
they say that bit one you know when they
do a nuclear test it's not actual like
radioactivity is just the test of the
dispersal program really bombed footage
just of them the mushroom cloud
everything right right but that's not
necessarily like the full nuclear okay I
mean like less potent versions I believe
so they not defeat the point of testing
them well but because it's also just
about the dispersal process okay okay
but they they say that that the effects
of the radiation are still unknown and
there's you know modern-day cancers
grumps like we're still seeing little
bits
okay okay I'm so totally wrong I might
be it's really you know I might know
that happens from time to time you'll
tell me when I'm wrong which few agree
the Trump will mean the end how can you
find not voting irresponsible because I
don't because I'm exaggerating when I
say the nukes are gonna fall you say
that you say that
if there was a nuclear explosion what
kind of animal would you be
I'm well partially right okay oh so too
much knew keep saying Jack is wrong but
what he's trying to say is right they
don't usually test nukes at their full
yield don't wait what do you that's fine
don't you want at least test one at the
full yield let's see if the fucking
works no no because I don't because I
think that's dangerous
what was the one I think they know it's
incredibly dangerous there was one they
tested high in the atmosphere right and
it it fucked like electronics up and
what now cause well it did something to
the Van Allen belts that was oh my god
that's scary
yeah and it took them like years to
recover every didn't some scary shit
happen and I'm trying to remember the
details of the story
yet we're getting to the nuclear testing
portion of previously recorded which
might mean that it's time to wrap up
soon now that we are talking about
radioactive decay just putting that out
there simply too spoopy says I came here
to forget about my fear of my inevitable
demise instead oh sorry wrong stream
revel in it hey blame blame the fucking
US presidential race
right
there's a lot of things to blame
is that Mars rocket ready yet what what
do you much good not gonna last long on
Mars I'll tell you know what I'll take
my chances on Mars
have an adventure before you go
important to starve to death you know
what you'll get to see the Stars man
good to see space you do that every
night actually not even at the night you
just look up when you're outside
no you're sad you're looking at space
you'll see you'll be in space you can't
make out a lot of details when the Sun
is in the sky but you're looking at
space you're gonna be in it man you
idiot you ready no what do you think the
earth is no no not like in space he'll
be like in space man like you are no no
no like in space you know man come on
man
why don't we start work on the biodome
why do we stop ya heaven they just got
done with a big test of the biodome do
that yes I thought think I thought they
kind of considered it a failure and gave
up on it I mean the original one okay
the original one that discovered that
like they were sneaking in food and
stuff Oh was that what happened there
they got hungry it's yes yes no no but
they they just got done with a big test
and then they made they had a like a
documentary film crew it's a fuckin cool
concept right that's the whole thing
yeah that's gonna be a huge part of
intergalactic travel biodome was polish
sure movie wasn't I fucking love
biosphere the biosphere biosphere - what
biosphere - wasn't thing they built yeah
yeah but biodome is a Polish or movie
polish or in a Baldwin so did they build
a biosphere 3 and I didn't hear him on
Billy Baldwin see something wait did you
say they had another one or at least
they just had a biodome sphere whatever
you call them sir
and I like biodome better because it
reminds me of that ex
dad dad I regret my words but no they
just and people just got out and there's
gonna be a documentary film about it and
it was pretty successful yeah yeah some
someone's gonna tell us cuz to make to
make a Mars colony viable that's that's
the shit you need you need you need
biospheres yeah absolutely absolutely
cuz I don't know I don't know that it's
really possible to terraform Mars
there's just too many problems
hell yeah there because I think one
wasn't one of their girlfriends and
biodome Joey Lawrence Adams though then
again I don't know it's great I don't
like Pauly Shore I go watch his movies
Lori petti was in that one G that's
right my girl Lori petti what with the
bio what the BIOS would be enough to
protect you from the radiation on Mars
yeah theoretically yeah okay so no
that's an issue to having a Mars colony
well what the radiation will kill you
because there's no there's no electrical
magnetic magnetic field on Mars wasn't
that part of the Martian I think that
was part of the movie the Martian was
like he had to take meds and ration out
his radiation meds I don't remember that
I know and I don't remember that and I
think they consulted with real like
astrophysicists yeah well that book was
essentially it's where I'm looking that
Brooke was essentially early access he
was writing that and getting feedback
from the people who are reading at his
website as he was writing it oh yeah
he never I don't think ever intended to
sell it did hear the story about how he
ended up selling that book no no that
book he did as a hobby the margins
yeah people wanted to download it for
like the Kindle well you know the you
know ebooks and he couldn't do that
let's put her in the store he had to
charge it apart for it yeah they
wouldn't let me put it on the store
originally was just you can download app
refrain his website oh okay but to have
like the e-reader version or whatever
version that was he had to charge for
and it ended up becoming a smash success
well good for him
rich acting like you know stuff besides
Star Wars and who did 9/11 that's it
that's all you know that's rude but at
least you know two things that's more
than me I'm wrong all the time
apparently except for when I'm kind of
right according to the chat how often am
I the one to bring up star wars star
wars yeah yes
I was never trek like I'm the guy who
brought up the heat death in the
universe infamously one stream ya know
like Trek you're the one yeah yeah I
mean here at least on like best and
worst I'd say it's like maybe you bring
it up 40 percent of the time and no one
else brings it up why is that why don't
you guys bring up Trek more for crying
out loud
we're not the nerds that you are shit
why is prereq so probe from I I have to
assume that's a joke
of course it's a joke he's a big pile of
comics he's a big pile of vomit I mean
that's part of a Twitter conversation I
was tweeting at someone who's who's
complaining about the two parties and
they basically like they were comparing
the two-party system to to a disease
uh-huh and they say you know you you
have to you can't treat the symptoms you
have to treat the disease and I said
well that's true you also need a big
bucket for all the vomit that's like
Trump he's like the vomit
50% of the reason people will vote the
selections there they're really voting
for the Supreme Court 50% of the people
who are going in to vote this election
that's the reason they're going in that
means voting is Supreme Court that needs
to be a hundred percent of the people to
Supreme Court nomination on the table
there's gonna be a lot of people voting
for Trump because they know they've
bought into that yeah no I mean no thing
anybody's enthusiastic about Hillary
though no well maybe some people feel a
few people a few people are probably
enthusiastic about Hillary but yeah most
people most people are looking
big-picture kind of thing which is fine
I think that's fucking that's totally
fair please god damn it look at the big
picture do you want mr. grabber by the
pussy to nominate Supreme Court judges
well rich that's a fair question well
rich if Trump wins Wisconsin by one vote
I know who to come see yeah yeah you
have the Democratic Party for running a
candidate that I can't get behind how
about that
snap tol them tore him up maybe maybe
you don't get real change because people
feeling on my vote doesn't you know
doesn't matter who I know for I can't
you gotta vote for one of these guys
this is the one they put in front of my
face that's what I got a lap up
got a sigh rank of ten this time it's
lupus says don't I got another what are
mr. Tendo
you know what I'll do this properly
that's what I do from word game child UK
says if Trump gets elected yeah
I hope the spectroscope from Howard the
Duck sends me flying to duck world also
from Howard the Duck what alternate
plane of existence would you be sent to
you know what it's been too long since
I've seen Howard the day well
considering the world will end hell the
hell this time as lupus says Mars's
atmosphere was stripped away my solar
winds because it's too small to keep a
liquid core when its course I'm gonna
find lost almost all its magnetic field
which protected it from the sun's
radiation yes yes with Mars you'd have a
hard time terraforming it because a no
magnetic field is probably the most
difficult problem and then certainly not
an easy problem would be the lack of an
atmosphere is very thin okay like even
the guy who wrote the Martian I'm trying
to play it the same Andi something Oh
any scenarios no no that's different guy
different guys he's the motion capture
guy Amy Sedaris no that's Andy Serkis
yeah Andy Sedaris I think is the guy the
brother of Amy Sedaris all right good
luck David Sedaris let's say Viserys
you're right
well fucking who's Anders any weird
Jason sudakis is a comedian no it
doesn't fucking matter because this or
this storm that causes the problem in
the beginning of the movie is it's
physically impossible in Mars if there
were a thunderstorm on Mars that would
feel like a light breeze huh
Gregg Andy Richter there's almost no
atmosphere mars very thin i know there's
too many satirises jack is a drunk i am
not that drunk you could theoretically
import atmosphere for somewhere else too
so it's not so thin in theory I suppose
you can just something like that but I
don't know how the fuck you're gonna
ignite Mars's course don't we have
thousands of we're doing more harm than
good I don't the amount of new she would
probably need the whole planet would be
an irradiated wasteland millennia what
is that from is that from something
worth it ain't a Total Recall
but that wasn't nukes what the core
no no what what was it it's cited
science fiction where they like you have
to nuke a planet and then wait like 200
oh really if you if you completely like
bombard a planet with nuclear radiation
and then wait 200 years or something but
what is that I know I didn't know no
idea someone someone in the chat is
gonna is gonna remember what this is the
core amazeen what's the core I may be
familiar with it oh yeah Elon Musk has
got it let's just all follow it you
almost I have no idea what the core is
so maybe that's not it
chat Kirk or Picard is president totally
Picard Picard of course picard kirk kirk
would just be out Kirk would be Joe
Biden you could be out giving bitches
back rubs
the kirkwood get shit done
he probably hardened his diplomacy he'd
have a lot of gridlock going on curt
kirkwood beam you know what Kirk might
get shit done he'd be like Roosevelt
he'd be like Teddy Roosevelt Kirk would
be like god dammit you're taking my
nominees for the Supreme Court you're
not pushing that off he'd find a way to
to get that through her finds a way hurt
you know a curt kirkwood be a little
smooth talking he's reached across Oz
he's gets it done maybe a little bullet
Kirk would be Bill Clinton I think I'm
changing my mind
I think Kirk but card would keep you out
of any kind of Wars yep and work for the
Social and betterment of Asia he would
he would totally before funding like
like science type of missions in
education but again even though styles
different Kirk would probably be in
favor of such programs would he get
around to him already would he be too
busy hunting bears he'd actually be
pushing those policies for policies
forward while picard would be dicking
around trying to compromise with the
Senate see Kirk would find a way to get
it done yeah you might be right yes Oh
bother
Picard would surrender in the first
episode
now that's a debate I would enjoy
watching yeah characters in curtain four
sister car yeah I just wanted to end on
a close-up of this guy what is happiest
Bill Clinton who's become Abraham
Lincoln
Picard is the theoretical Bernie Sanders
well we'll never know what he'll be like
as a president actual president I gotta
be an actual president Picard would be
more Jimmy Carter yeah you know okay a
little bit of a pushover
oh well ton of social issues maybe a for
a Franklin Roosevelt maybe a Franklin
Roosevelt because because of all of the
the social issues but but you know
Carter and then what if what a car to do
after he left off his fucking puzzles up
build houses in Africa right so yeah we
got we got Kirkham cards yeah president
yeah that that's a great debate what
about the debate from vice presidents
Riker and Spock all right that was some
good television yes
yeah yeah Riker Riker Spock is a debate
I wouldn't I would love to watch agree
agree that's where the real shit show
Riker getting all passionate and spy
finding all the holes in US policy isn't
everything but but of course Spock would
never be able to initiate real policy
because he's so rigid
so Spock wouldn't get anything done it'd
be great
it'd be great smoke wouldn't be as rigid
as you think not as rigid as you think I
don't you know what and I'm not a I'm
not a the original series person so I
all I know is the is the caricature of
Spock so you're probably right
all right I'm all tavern we're ending
this old Spock or reboot Spock oh god oh
god old Spock Oh
reboot Spock would be launching the
nukes
okay hey this is this is the point in
the live stream in which we take a
moment to thank everybody who subscribed
to us during the stream thank you first
of all - leftover beefcake and his
wonderful watcher which is back
functional and looks gorgeous easy to
read thank you
beefcake for the Twatter we have sapota
75 15 welcome post emotional Captain
James May hello Gareth have Larissa's
whoo tie some know a nun no one and I
get it I get it oh that's pretty good ex
a snen Frogner
atomic mousetrap humberto Cabbage Patch
21 months in a row humberto Cabbage
Patch says hello I'll grab them by the
pussy how scary is it how close that is
to fuck my cock yeah we said it was
sarcastic exactly favorite customer says
lol in and
out my bratwurst Grand Moff Cali 23
fucking months in a row hold on I don't
think it likes them okay
Joshua hey so Sierra Oh something's
broken something's broken rich alright
everything's frozen
everything's frozen are we are we still
streaming I don't know I don't know I'm
waiting to find out
I'm sure if we're still coming one we're
gonna close the game see if that works
control-alt-delete Oh everything's
broken I should have I should have
exited game whoa ring yeah we're getting
we're getting some fucked up shit on the
end Mouse is no longer responding to
basic commands and control all deleting
is not working something we're back Rick
are we still frozen there we're still
frozen there or we are frozen
we're losing signal I guess I could
bring up this is hard
well yeah it's fish bus 21 fucking
months in a row banca dog 25 fucking
months in a row what Oh what is it still
working
Oh hold on my head just saw the mouse
well we had the mouse now it's gone how
it's gone every day hopefully we're
streaming it's gonna make it really hard
in the strip yeah because I gonna have
to hit the power button is basically how
we end it yeah
this was the subs exclamation point
emotion point subs
this is launchers table the second
