Aug 31, 2016
Overwatch
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/89408212
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/89409248
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=akIoOFvE048
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8E8EaL4tTAE
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/771049689999343617

[Part I]
now well then you know you're gonna get
up to grab a beer after starting cuz I
kind of think that's funnier is me like
starting the stream and then getting up
but I just want confirmation that we are
streaming first and and then and then we
will we'll get up and get a beer
are we streaming maybe
nice nice but no great the watch of the
over watching begins welcome everybody
welcome streaming from Jax tiny computer
that is not overheating it's tiny
computer that is overcompensating that
is overcompensating with with giant
heaters but it's not overheating and
hopefully nothing will melt today so I'm
gonna I'm gonna go get a beverage and
then I'll be holding right now I can
smell the burning plastic do you think I
mean that's probably just a Lego holding
up the graphics card did you send can
you show that you got to tweet out that
painted I did I did tweet out that Pig
brilliant Jack has fixed his drooping
video card by jamming a Lego under the
corner he jammed a Lego under the corner
of his video card and yeah works I guess
total - Lego melts the Lego melts and
he's gonna have kind of all all kinds of
problems
rattling sound the Lego just got sucked
into the CPU cooler
yes leftover beefcake that is a definite
possibility definite definite
possibility is she
you should glue that Lego to the bottom
of the case Jack
you're gonna have a rogue Lego just
roaming around your PC it won't be good
won't be good oh my god we just got dark
yeah I'm looking for an actual solution
right now I don't think there is an
official solution no there's not an
official solution what I'm hoping to
find is like a nice I mean lucky good
yours is really low to the ground right
you could just jam a Lego under there
I've seen people online they've used
like chopsticks these pun titles are not
funny that's not true those pun titles
are great those pun titles are great I
should have just built my case out of
Legos that would've been great but no
and everyone told me I didn't need to
worry about the drooping right you don't
need to worry about the drooping the
cards droop but it wasn't just the
drooping because there was also all of
those cords I mean because it's such a
small case cords why we're pushing down
plus you've got the window inside your
case then it just looks ugly it looks
trashy that's the thing you know
drooping video card I would just think
about it every time so just it's a
little wedge Lego piece yeah oh well
then that it's still trashy well that's
why I'm looking for like something that
won't melt and that won't sync up heats
that I can put under there that will
look nice I just want something that
will look a nice what is it why is this
going anonymous says rich complains
about tired printable comments on rlm
videos rich ends Jack PC builds dream
and most right predictable way possible
somebody has a sore ass because I called
out the comment section a really sore
asshole yeah yeah I'm sorry by the way
what we
we came we put the stream back on that
wasn't we did the stream we did we I I
was thinking about leaving it but we did
put the stream back on to show everyone
the boot sequence it was functioning it
took me a long time to figure everything
out before we start playing I'm gonna
wait for people to if people want to add
me on battlenet hold on what's my what's
my thing again held on I'll type it in
again it's Harlech number one eight
seven four if you want to add me on
battlenet to play overwatch with me you
can do that while I tell a couple of
things that I did mess up that I'd
totally messed up the the power button
does not light up Oh
so one of those very tiny little pins
probably got a negative a positive and a
negative reversed probably there's you
be labeled there's no fixing it now
finishing me label you might just have
to switch them it's behind the heatsink
it's behind the giant heatsink
there will be no fixing no there will be
absolutely
oh yes hold on you're right sorry sorry
sorry there will be absolutely no fixing
of the Thank You did it did it talk
casinos I did not see any tweets of a
video we were featured in did you see I
did become because if you remember that
moment in the PC building stream in
which I almost knocked over my expensive
new computer right after ironically you
said Jesus help us right after you said
Jesus help us I almost fell over and
knocked over my computer and then the
camera fell down my mic fell down it was
a it was a lovely disaster after
that happened that got featured in a top
10 twitch fails of the week so rich
we're kind of famous name that we are
kind of famous now she's rich goes jesus
take the wheel off fuck and every
everything went to shit so thanks rich
for jinxing us they're great
hi I'm just yeah waiting a little bit so
the other the other weird thing and
people who have similar graphics cards
to me can let me know my my gtx 1070 has
three big fans on it and maybe just two
big fans i forget and when i first
loaded it up those fans were not
spinning and of course i wasn't playing
any games yet so it wasn't too worried
about it and then i was talking with
someone on something about this and they
they gave me a a monitoring program and
a fan program now those fans will only
spin if i run that program which just
starts up automatically when i start my
computer and it monitors everything so
it's not the biggest deal yeah but i'm
just wondering if something is a little
messed up that seems weird to me where
it's like I need to run this program in
order for the fans on my graphics cards
to run and I haven't I haven't like
turned off the program and then started
a game because I'm just too nervous it's
it's it's not really a problem I guess
is what I'm saying it's just not a
problem I mean there's a chance I don't
know your car already the documentation
maybe without that program it would just
start spinning once it detected the card
getting hot enough I don't know well I
see a mr. clicked is saying by default
the fan should only spin if the card
gets yeah so I'm thinking so yeah
probably just I wasn't pushing it which
is good because I don't want to push it
I mean that's kind of program to have it
run all the time
you want like if you're overclocking it
right right renegade area bacteria yeah
it's not Erica cuz it's a case I wanted
to say Erica whatever mild dyslexia
undiagnosed mild dyslexia I might have
really wanted to say Erica akira
renegade Akira hey guys what is your
favorite Tim Burton movie and why is it
Ed Wood by the way but hand of fate on
your recommendation and I'm loving it
mmm pleasure my rooster hand if it's a
great game well that was like oh that's
like a part time reading of lol
pleasures yeah oh well pleasure my
rooster and al pleasure my rooster
part-time part-time but let the take
they use part time Doyle eight seven one
says Jack how are you finding the PC
compared to your consoles I mean
obviously it's amazing I'm loving it
Beetlejuice for the records Beetlejuice
but go on is your oh um yeah yeah you
know what that's just the easy answer is
great but it's Beetlejuice and there's a
lot of good Tim Burton movies but
Beetlejuice is the correct answer the PC
experience has been wonderful so far
overwatch looks fantastic playing
overwatch with a mouse and keyboard
means that I can actually shoot stuff
and you know obviously I'm still like
getting used to it so I'm you're
probably gonna see me sucking a lot
tonight which I don't care about because
I'm gonna be having fun I've been
playing Deus Ex the new deus ex game and
they had one of those like in-game
stress tests I can't play them out of
order you can it's a prequel force of
this on me well not know though the
other one was they come out with two
ones in recent years this one in the
chronologically is not last in the
current in the chronological order
they've been out for years rich I can't
help it that you've never played them
before just start playing this one it
doesn't matter you know what it doesn't
matter
all right let's start a game I got
enough friends now
thanks battlenet friends all right how
do we start how do we start a game with
all y'all well you you figure that out
okay I'm gonna say and say and cephalo
pathetic says jack bitch no the pc build
was maybe the most compelling live event
i have seen in a while
tension and when the camera fell over I
nearly had a heart attack
Captain Black Adder says hey Jack yeah
how's that beard coming along what do
you think I do I said I shaved my head
and I trimmed up down here you probably
it's probably not you can't see it on a
camera oh good people are joining great
people are joining iced I joined I
started a game so it looks like people
are joining and you can join reverse
sideburns when you don't have hair on
top of your head in your honor beard how
you work that you just have to you have
to pick a spot yeah that's all I did was
I picked a spot to like a taper or
anything I just picked the stop start
shaving all right and you know what
luckily I have glasses I'm not joining
your group guys okay there we go now we
can start boom because I don't know what
joining your group means probably means
you stay together for a while oh that
might be I don't know alright let's get
started
oh my God look at this you guys are way
better like the more that's the Reaper
I'm gonna be Reaper this time cuz rich
likes how it looks but I see these
people with stars under their names that
I gotta say that is a completely badass
visual yeah yeah
Reapers great I approve of Reaper great
gave me silks though no I'm not hey I'm
not what nah oh yeah but he's terrible
to play with no no every I'm not joining
anyone's group I don't know what that
means
Jack doesn't know what a group means I
don't need it because I don't play but
Jack deaf
okay so here's here's what we got here
Reaper has two shotguns which is great
and look what he does to reload it just
has more she just has more shotguns
which is my favorite thing
and then Reaper can also teleport like
this yep so this isn't just stylized
it's also whimsical it's also a little
whimsical and then Reaper can also go
into Wraith form which means he's
invulnerable and moves a little faster
it doesn't last very long and people
usually pay attention to you or like
right when you come out of Wraith form
so it's MyID weaker when you come out no
no you're not weaker it's just just
people know so it's my job I'm gonna try
to sneak up behind people with Reaper
which actually is not the best class to
play with when you're screaming because
now everyone can see where I am
hi I get out here and out out out out
you die I didn't die Wraith form for the
wind up fuck fuck yeah no no everyone's
gonna go after me now go team go
Oh got out of there well what the fuck
was that things going on things going on
you're going to sneak up on people who
are watching your stream right that
seems unwise
oh I realized afterwards that I probably
made a bad call
somebody's busy playing they're probably
only listening problems mystery probably
I kind of hope they pay attention right
cuz this is late too right yeah yeah
those are tell yourself Phil look behind
them look like they're fine you can
actually be behind them oh I know
everyone's gonna unload their ultimate
on me and it'll be fine but you know
what I don't care cuz I'm having fun
playing it and I'm more importantly I
need the practice with mouse and
keyboard the real ban says he fell off
did you guys hear the reports of
multiple clones trying to lure children
into the woods in South Carolina I might
have seen something on that yes it's
true clown bigotry affirmed accept I'll
accept more friend requests in a second
jag is not playing on a controller jack
is using a mouse okay I'm using a mouse
and a keyboard I'm getting out of my
controller comfort zone yeah he is
learning mouse and keyboard
are you a there no no I mean it's
starting to feel comfortable yeah and
now I just have to aim you know like
every once in a while like if I get in a
really tense situation and I start
freaking out my my arms will no longer
listen to the rest of my live to my
brain so
Hey oh oh and CI and I still like my
ultimate just came up which would have
been great to use there but I didn't I
don't have the muscle memory yet of what
button does what I spin around and shoot
everybody around me okay it's pretty
cool you know it's pretty it's pretty
badass just playing maybe yeah you can
try I mean I I will not be preventing
him from playing I won't have any idea
what Jax keybinds are it'll be it'll be
terrible it's pretty sad absolutely
terrible but that's fine shit
shit running away where is everybody
where is everybody
see how bad at aiming I am oh come on I
was just about to use my so I'm still
getting good at aiming but I'm now
significantly more comfortable with
mouse and keyboard so I'll get there I
believe in me you know I believe in the
power of me favorite Gene Wilder movie
oh yeah cuz Gene Wilder passed away that
is true I have to be Blazing Saddles
a lot of people walk up well it's almost
like every Gene Wilder movie I have a
soft spot for his uh what was the blind
and deaf movie oh man right or see no
evil hear no evil I forget what the
order is but and it's kind of hokey but
I think it's fun no no that's a fun
concept the blind man teaming up with a
deaf man yeah to figure offices to
figure out the crime or they were
implicated to the crimes in it oh I
think that was a really did it yeah I
think they come out from here so I'm
gonna try to sneak up on someone yep hi
okay haunted honeymoon yeah but we're
talking best it's really Willy Wonka or
blazing seven
I got to diva gotcha this big target
right really I mean hey I'd say she's a
tank I took her down I took down the
tank at least divas fun because she has
that mech suit and if you destroy the
mech suit she pops out yeah and then you
can fight it as like a tiny girl it's
fun this is a fun game
ooh Young Frankenstein Oh roll rolling
say hey Blazing Saddles sure but I'll
put Young Frankenstein over Willy Wonka
I didn't grow up with Willy Wonka though
mm-hmm no that wasn't our generation it
was out obviously at the time I was
young but I hadn't really seen it but it
was a kid BUP boom TNG after dark says
good evil and sigh what is your favorite
spot on the best of the worst couch and
why it doesn't matter they're all fine
something next to a table if you got a
few next to that end table like in
between the two in the loveseat or the
couch but then that end yes but drinks
down right there that's nice I
definitely prefer to be straight on to
the TV yeah just because then you don't
have to strain your neck they'll pay
attention you'll notice that mic is
always somewhere near the Ottoman he's
gotta have he's gonna put his feet up
Mike you know what I'll be a healer I'll
be a healer this round
I love mercy we're at
everything looks very sexy everything is
very sexy and I'm not just talking about
her curves you build a nice machine as
well I'm saying and it's running smooth
as I was saying I did the Deus Ex stress
test and you know they they throw all
like volumetric lighting at you they
throw a particle effects at you and then
they give you like an average frame rate
and and I was averaging at at high
settings I was averaging over 59 frames
a second and I'm very very happy about
that
all right so mercy as the healer she can
either heal someone or give them a
damage boost like that yeah and then she
can also I have to figure out how to do
this she can fly to people I don't think
you're playing with viewers ah yeah I
think we are how about hello I should be
playing with yours yeah there's
gobbledygook sagt Oh Jay we're playing
we're playing with you were playing
against I don't know doesn't matter
what you know we don't need you so the
white bars of their health yeah I see
you like the white in the yellow yeah
that's their health and and some people
get like shields and shit what's the
yellow those are lights like armor there
are some characters that can drop little
armored packets so do we care about
Justice League dark Jack Justice League
dark I have no idea what that is how
about that sounds like some kind of
hardcore evil just that's just what we
need no that's just what we need
whoa yes the DC EU needs more dark she
really needs more Dark Reign yeah you
know that's that's my one criticism of
DC movies right now is they're just not
dark enough it's not bad bad versus
Superman it was so happy he was so
disgustingly happy what are you talking
this shit up a little bit can Superman
crush Lois Lane's head that's what we're
really pretty good he just gets tired of
his shit yeah shit shit don't you dare
aim that fuck you are you fucker
yeah fucker you aimed that wheel at me
that was not nice that was not nice
whose kill cam is this a vanya I didn't
appreciate that Justice League dark is a
team movie with supernatural DC
characters in it such as Constantine
Deadman is a tenor some yellow devil
character okay alright great good is
that a good thing maybe
shit Constantine swap things dead man
yeah you know what I guess that could be
kind of fun
Jack I'm supposed to ask you what your
favorite map is in this game oh that's a
good question I like a lot of maps I
like by any of the people you need to
heal right well I'm working on it but
that's why I have my fly cuz I can go
like this already
Betty please do it do it god damn it I
did it why didn't you do it sooner cuz I
cuz I couldn't someone died someone died
that was a ghost you weren't there
Kyle they dicks what God with a good
time so you didn't heal better yourself
I couldn't get there fast enough rich I
couldn't get there fast enough
oh but we got it we got the objective so
we win so everything's fine
does the owner have absolutely zero
attacks no she does I can go
she has like a little pea shooter but
it's not much yeah it's not much it's
there if you need it it's there if you
need it I got you
whoa oh my god isn't that great can you
fly over that no we're gonna fly if you
can't fly I can only fly two people I
can fly two people what are the persons
on the other side of that that's it's a
great question oh it's a legitimate
question well demand answers damn it
well I know I can't I mean I can't get
there Naama says hello Roach and jag
column drag rock why don't you have a
super cool hair like Mack Landis neck
lands maxilla it is yep yeah rock why
don't you have that what is rock is it
no rock is Rick just does the surface
than our yeah we're like Jack I guess
but I assumed that be you I think the
answer to both those it's because we're
losing our hair I just get I've lost ya
I've given up already
yeah they're on your head it grows yeah
I have you I have you oh fuck yeah fuck
yeah it was a story behind this hair was
oh it was when he was he was thinking
about whether or not he was gonna get
his TV show produced and if he got it
produced he would have he said he was he
was going to dye his hair weird colors
and he did he got the Dirk Gently show
produced but there was there was gently
yeah he's doing Dirk gently's holistic
detective agency with Elijah Wood I
think huh and and he was waiting to see
if it got greenlit and it got greenlit
while he was here Dirk Dirk Gently is
the other series of books by Douglas
Adams
who also did Hitchhiker's Guide to the
galaxy and Dirk Gently is great which
was books radio TV show Hitchhiker's
Guide to the galaxy was everything that
was in every conceivable medium oh I'm
sure I can't even hit radio I mean it
started there but fuck hey don't leave
me don't leave me you can get the Dirk
gently's holistic detective agency audio
book read by uh I lost the author's name
already
what's the author's name yeah oh fuck he
did do things before he died yes well
I'm saying you can get that audiobook
yeah and that's exciting that's how I've
read the audiobook or I listened to the
audiobook and and that's how I played
that's how I watched listened I'm
playing right now if we heard of the new
YouTube thing with controversial content
no what is the new YouTube thing with
controversial contact nope we don't know
what do you think we are professional
youtubers get get right out of that do
we see a resurgence of first person
shooters without regenerating health no
possibly maybe nice hard to predict the
future trends Evan flow mm-hmm
videos are getting demonetised if
they're deemed offensive oh really
well there goes our career they're
deemed offensive offensive right you did
any better definitions for that shit
offensive to whom yeah
what sort of offense
maybe I'm offended by Disney Ryan
because the you know the way they've
they've abused copyright law cabaret law
and they need a public domain they're
they're they're ruining of public domain
I find Disney videos offensive sure can
this so does that mean every Disney
video no longer monetize who gets to
complain to decide that's a great
question
oh no you died run away oh god I took
one with me at least I took one with me
take that my name is tape take that
well the wording is vague so the person
in charge can decide what he finds
offensive I just wonder if there's like
a general consensus if there's like a
vote system or you know I didn't how
does it work is an appropriate question
so the tyranny of the masses of a slight
majority of people doesn't like the F
word no video that has the F word can be
monetized right that's the you know I
don't know maybe it's a bad idea it
sounds to me like kind of a bad idea but
we don't get you know YouTube can do
whatever it wants because YouTube's a
private business it's probably based on
complaints against a video I'm sure all
I'm sure I shouldn't be able to just
shit on ideas you don't like like that
mm-hmm I mean I'm with him I mean I'm
with you I don't know
oh also by the way same rules with with
this and rocket League if you've played
a couple matches bow out let someone
else join in don't need to take them
well I'm gonna take a moment here and
alt tab over to I have some friend
requests pending boom and boom and boom
just accepted some friend requests these
so ooh you know what illios I like
illios so hop out if you've been on for
a little bit because I'm gonna start the
next map
how does switch to spectate and I don't
know I don't know so about set a problem
that there is no major competition to
YouTube is that a problem yes yes yes
that is a problem because of stuff like
this yes it's it sounds like more and
more people are looking for I can see
every fucking character design I've seen
in this as badass I think great like
look at this ready and do you see he's
got like a metal hand yeah this one is
one of my favorites who I'm gonna be um
who else is bad as he gets his cool
robot he's got a bird I'm gonna be I'm
gonna be Farah because I like fair and
Farah and Elias works great
it sounds like people are looking for an
alternative but how can you defeat
Google Google has well all the resources
how much they shoot themselves in the
foot my guy this guy look at junker and
he's got a peg leg soldier 76 he's great
if they shoot them in the selves they
shoot this is the foot hard enough sure
for anybody who makes interesting
content is gonna go to something else
yeah right it's something else existed
mmm I think people would follow so you
would have competition oh sure
Jiminy Cricket prick bastard says who is
the biggest prick regarding copyright
claims on the rlm Channel I'll tell us
about the struggle to keep the original
music in the RO TS review and Wyatt
eventually failed I don't know much
about like those details I don't ask
about the YouTube's blanket what's been
claimed today I say funny things on
camera
uh-huh I don't know what gets flagged
more often than others and I don't I
know I know there were issues with the
music I I don't know what kind of
hassles they specifically went through
changing it I know they just altered the
video I think yeah music it never came
up as I just never asked about it hey
hey Farrah is hard to control with with
a keyboard yeah because she flies and
you have to hold down a thing to fly and
then you have to hold down the spacebar
while using WASD and that is a new
sensation for me yeah in general I need
to let you know but I still like her
yes Jack is flying on his new PC I am
and you know what it works great it does
look great you did well you did well
did you have any issues and installing
operating systems or anything with that
I'll go fairly smooth that all went
fairly smooth I'm trying to oh shit shit
shit shit fuck operating system went
smooth it was a little tough actually
just to get a bootable Drive cuz I don't
have a CD a CD drive on it and I only
have Mac's at home and so creating the
bootable thumb drive on my Mac end was a
bit of a pain and and then just kind of
double-checking that I have all the
drivers and and spending a good few
hours you know just kind of making sure
I didn't fuck up too badly oh man like I
am in this game Farrah is not a good
call for me right now push H to change
here oh I'm gonna change here oh we need
someone else who can we be here oh can
be Emily be here no classic Bastion
classic Bastion we're gonna classic
Bastion we're gonna lose it so it
doesn't matter mama says hey rich this
game is beneath you and we all know it
please tell Jack well watch also
super-soak to hang out next week no idea
who did
whose hang out with who next week we're
hanging out with someone next week not
that I know
okay okay not that I know I'm about to
learn the hard way about bastion on PC
what is it about bastion on PC I don't
know nothing about nothing people I'm
unaware of I have no honestly I am
legitly unaware of anybody coming to
visit the studio so yeah in this game
like there are heroes and there are not
heroes and it doesn't really matter
who's who at any given moment because
you know it's a game surprise that was
sent in by Gary Busey he'll be in your
home in a few days
oh god no not Gary Busey in the walls
not Gary Busey
beefcake that watcher is running I have
the Twitter on my computer thank you for
resending me that link everything should
be running normal on my computer
hopefully like the stream looks the same
to you guys the only thing that actually
will look a little I haven't talked to
junior Mike a few days I just never run
and I haven't run into him yeah because
I came in like late the other day just
work on stuff at night yeah it was busy
in the afternoons I haven't seen them in
a few days maybe maybe something has
been planned and I don't know about it
well that wasn't Colin or Jim or
anything well they were they were up
here recently so write me that hmm more
likely it's just somebody just someone
fucking fine yeah but I could be out of
the loop on something big
you could be it could be get away from
me back back back back
okay I don't know
legend Maine says 1 1 what is your
battle tag so I can add you Oh someone
tell him I bet with a Harlech number
some numbers I like some numbers har
lack some number doesn't fill you in on
details the chat will let you know -
what are you guys going to review for
the next game I want to do the Deus Ex
I've already started playing it I've
already started playing it rich we're
doing it you know why cuz I've been
playing it's too late for that you've
had you've had me I can't just jump
ahead and miss you've had 12 half the
things you've had 12 years to play all
these games and now we're doing this one
there's nothing I can do about that 3
keep up the good work 4 Firewatch was
good rich it's ok it's ok for people to
have different opinions Chad put put
lunch in Main Street Firewatch is an all
right game if you don't like games that
is an all right game it was there wasn't
a good length I like this donor and
myself I liked walking around I like
tille I liked a lot of that game
anonymous says regarding Google which
basically owns the Internet
how the ever-loving fuck have they not
had a sherman antitrust suit brought
against them because we don't care about
such things in our society let the
corporation's do what they want well a
troll as they see fit and also Google's
kind of just too necessary
think about one person use Google all
the time for everything
Google's one of the oh oh so many friend
requests money money owns the government
I don't care what party you root before
they own both the parties will accept
and accept ok I accepted all of your
requests let's see what's next
okay like the they are they like the
cock brothers the Koch brothers how do
you pronounce the fucking name
I see it and print all of them coke I've
always heard it coke they don't they
don't they don't give a shit if Trump or
Hillary wins they owned both of them
they owned both of them it's kind of
true but he's gonna do what they want to
do anyway because I'm sure they see
things the same way
I'm not we're not getting into politics
oh but that brings up something I want
to talk about well let's not talk about
politics and I'm gonna talk about
something that's not talked about but
your things well we have a chance to
think about rich yeah um someone wrote
an article about I don't want to be I'll
be yeah and you know what you know what
I like I like Lucio someone wrote an
article about people who have patreon
z-- yeah and they called it they called
it liberal welfare okay that's what they
referred to patreon as and and these
people who have patreon z-- have cause
you know like feminists feminist
frequency right and they have these
causes and they get people to pay for
their causes and in the article they
said there are notable right-wingers on
patreon like red letter media okay
and my first thought was movie reviews
game reviews nothing political
whatsoever
yeah and he and he mentioned someone
else to like red letter media and some
other guy and then the other guy said
hey I you don't know anything about me
and I declined to be interviewed why are
you mentioning my name in this yeah and
so I reached out to this guy on Twitter
and I was just like where did you get
this information that red letter media
is right-wing and any shockingly enough
he never got back to me and I just
thought it was the crazy situation
because it's movie reviews and we do
video game reviews and we talk about bad
movies
and none of that is political whatsoever
ghostbusters that was its I don't care
if that's Buster's political it's I
would not consider rlm to be
right-wingers or left-wingers no wingers
you're gonna get diverse opinions within
of wheat you absolutely will get diverse
opinions but it's non the content that
is produced here is not political yeah
so so it was shocking to me that he
would he would make that call because
you know you guys didn't like go because
we didn't like Ghostbusters right yeah I
thought it was weird I thought it was a
very strange call and everyone like
people were commenting on the article
just being like what the hell are you
talking about no with this other guy to
this other guy's apparently not a right
winger and and so I just thought it was
very very strange that anyone would
think that anything we do here is
political at all I would have the same
reaction if someone said noted liberals
you know our alum
so I thought it was weird weird enough
to mention who's firing in what whole
damn it damn it damn it anonymous says
hey sorry for being cryptid what I said
I was excited to hang out Mike and Jay
must not have told you hate to spoil it
free video for your fans
but I'm Tobey Maguire visiting for the
force awakens plugin folks tell me bug
why because he has some things to say
about the force awakens
I'm sorry Toby but I don't know if you
had anything to do with the force
awakens gob Luke says rich rich mankind
divided has a good long recap but human
Revolution on easy slash story mode
wouldn't take long could make a great
solo stream and check could watch
Robocop 3 rich Robocop 3 well you say
that like it's a selling point Robocop 3
rich we are not doing a great job here
team I blame myself got some of up fuck
flick-flick you on flick no I'm not I'm
dying horrible and embarrassing deaths
live on stream get on with the flick get
on with the flick
hey rich are you a big PC hardware guy
if so are you looking for to AMD's in
I'm not here's the thing I'm not money
isn't flowing out of my ass and four
digits right yeah I can't afford to be a
super hardcore hardware guy no I
appreciate pcs and I appreciate hardware
and the nice new video card mm-hmm I
haven't ever really had the ability just
willy-nilly you'll is the newest
greatest thing I'm gonna buy that first
thing when it comes out right I was able
to justify a nice PC for prerequisites
business expense until there are every
piece of hardware I've bought out of out
of necessity has been like one step or
two below like the latest and greatest
yeah I think the betting I didn't get
this year's big video card my god last
year is moderately good one it's a lot
of RAM but it's not the fastest ran some
kinda bombers from behind I've had to
make compromises right right this is a
fucking cheap case that was always the
big one well cheapest fucking case you
can find of course people make cases out
of cardboard boxes now rich just for the
shit of it
xico says aha so your great wing gun nut
plays have been revealed the truth must
be told
happy to be able to watch you guys have
a good time and just fuck just because
I'm a gun nut doesn't mean I'm a
right-wing gun nuts usually I guess the
usual that does go together wait you
mean you mean you don't have to like
pick a side and agree to the entire
ideology of the side you don't have to
pick a side that's you crazy you can
look at an individual issue and judge it
as an individual issue that's weird
wow I know that's an insane and sensible
thought it's it's very strange rich it's
very very strange I did see that junk at
uh everybody's been sending us a Humble
Bundle has all the Sierra games and all
the Sierra games are on Steam now
actually that makes me wonder I already
had I've had them for years it does make
me wonder if they've recently like made
a wave to make them easier to play I got
got the leaves i've got like all the
Leisure Suit Larry games we've got all
of the quest for glory games and all the
Space Quest games I've got all the
King's Quest games hmm oh yeah no I just
wonder if like something happened
recently all the police quest game that
makes them easier to play I click on
them and they start I don't know
this is Torbjorn I'm gonna be Torbjorn
I like Torbjorn I've even got I've even
got which one was the was a king's quest
eight or nine the weird one that was
like a 3d hack and slash game cool where
do I stand on willow I have not seen
willow since it was a brand new film
obviously it doesn't stick with me I
mean you're wrong but no since I haven't
seen it was a when I was kid I I can't I
can't give you a firm opinion on the
willows well as a great movie but what
are you doing me what are you doing what
hey what are you doing what are you
doing what are you doing
spamming spamming Spanish Spanish man
being spamming that's my only strategy
right now spam the shit
differentiated reflected and informed
opinion stances on things this is the
internet we can't allow this it's crazy
I know s-stop it Reaper you fuck it's
all it's like we're all different people
you know and we want different things
that's all what well in like I said that
was my real point with the whole
right-wing thing is it's like what
nothing I could have done there nothing
I could have done about that man on a
mission man on a mission
son of a bitch not killing it here rich
I mean I'll bring up things I feel like
talking about on the stream is that I
don't give no fucks yeah yeah in general
rather de media does avoid it of course
it's a place where everybody can come
just to us watch we're just watching bad
movies
talk about regular movies talking about
videogames but that's what we do here
notable right-wingers what Adam wants to
know how he can join in he or she
they've been looking forward to this oh
you just have to be my friend on
battlenet see but what you're saying is
that you were not their friend
apparently not and you don't care about
that person apparently not okay
none of them how does it how does one
become your friend you you have to you
have to type in my name which is har
lack and then some numbers at which I
don't remember at the moment but I'm
sure the chat will remember for me and
then and you say ad friend and type in
Harlech and the number sign and then
four numbers and then you can become a
friend and then you join I don't know
how you joined game I I just
people are joined and I'm playing that
is all the extent of my knowledge yes
everybody can come here and talk about
Dom DeLuise armpit babies exactly we
don't we're not prejudiced like fucking
hell what happened did you boat up no
they blow it up they've been blowing it
up is very long I know what a piece of
shit well yeah I'm trying to up fucking
isn't your room see right don't know
someone else and they just there it's
they have a much better team than we
have right now if I can get it to level
2 I can use my super dupe and I'm not
nope I'm okay yep it's just not gonna
happen Bridge it's just not gonna happen
I have my super dupe and I'd love to use
it
and it's down again Stef fucking down
again there we go fucking hell maybe
just pick a shady character or I'm
terrible at the game right now which is
more likely oh and I haven't been giving
out armor I've been I've been slacking
in my duties as you're born rich yeah
well you ever put together a Raspberry
Pi retro console on Steam then how do I
donate to your GOG they sell the FM the
FM towns version of Zack McCracken and
the alien mine vendors and it looks on
fleek I mean you know what I'm not even
sure how you give two on GOG I'll look
into it well then we'll talk about it
next stream I don't know I don't know I
don't even know I can't even I can't
even tell you what like my username is I
don't know I don't give a shit about the
social aspects yes
I'd buy games from them right I'm sure
there's a way usually there is a way as
far as the Raspberry Pi I was know what
Jack's whole computer thing I was
looking at computer parts yeah recently
watch cheaper than I thought computer
parts the Raspberry Pi oh yeah yeah 35
bucks yeah those are crazy for just
simple gaming machines and whatnot I
kind of do want to hollow out an old NES
no turn into a Raspberry Pi sure that'd
be bad ass in the nerdiest way possible
but that would be badass I'm thinking
about it actually is the answer
I'd have to find a way to file out like
a hole for the input/output on the back
of the nest and have it looked nice cuz
it should look nice so you can you get
yourself a little dremel a little
sandpaper and and and how to wire
controllers in like would you want to
try and like I you could probably do
some kind of funky shit or you can use
the old NES ports or would you be better
off like taking that out and putting
some USB jacks right right right I don't
know a lot of questions a lot of
questions you'd probably just want USB
jackson you can get those USB retro
controllers you know hmm and we lose
lassparri probably three set up is on
Amazon is $70 with the cases stuff yeah
but if I'm building this out of an S I
wouldn't need the case well I think that
maybe it comes with like an old nest
case maybe that's a doubt that maybe
that's what they're saying right I doubt
that's an official thing that they sell
on Amazon for the best case we want to
let rich plain out okay the one that's
what I read was the governor goes okay
so I have no idea whatsoever everything
is standard WASD space to jump that's
what I have so you know shoot the only
buttons you'll need to know is this
front button here yeah and this button
here and then press down on the wheel is
your ultimate wheel is ultimate what is
this it'll tell you on there like that's
one special than the other button is the
other special and just shoot the thing
all right shoot the thing that's all I
need to know I just start and it starts
is that what happens yeah oh you know
what I like watch point your Gibraltar
people are asking about my favorite man
I mean I like all the maps I prefer I do
prefer um king of the hill maps control
the territory maps but Gibraltar is fun
what's a character the soldier 76 he's a
ninja
he shoots throwing stars and he has a
sword he can deflect bullets he's a
little bit of a harder character you
probably wanna start with the guy with
the blue facemask and the red eyes or
the ninja or you might start with a
ninja
so he his regular click is shoot stars
shoot stars is deflect bullets is the
left or the I'm sorry the right button
the right front button not not right
click out see and then any bold that
comes at you you'll deflect it for a
little bit and then if you press the
that has a cool-down okay and then the
other front button does a little slash
forward like that what does that even do
it moved you a far forward and slash
your sword
alright we just go shoot the things
what's going you're waiting 27 seconds
to attack and then there's gonna be a
little card outside that you need to
stand next to input jump huh how do I
draw the spacebar like you jump in
everything well I don't write dedicated
to the just following people yeah so
there's gonna be a little card out there
that you have to stand next to portion
and you just shoot anyone that's glowing
red see they have a red outline around
them on the other team uh-huh shoot the
red shoot the red guys shoot the red
that's it you got you're doing great
already and that that little oh nice to
flex you did you deflected bullets oh
but you almost got him I almost got you
almost god I didn't get him you didn't
get
you're doing great
yeah well your team your team's pushing
the cart so you know what they got
something's happening whoa nice nice /e
you might have killed them I don't think
so but you might have whoa watch out for
that big dragon someone uh-oh what
happened
someone shot a giant dragon at you
dragon Z dragons
everybody gets what's called an ultimate
move it's like your superpower and your
brother who's the archer the bow and
arrow guy shoots a magic dragon at you
hey you killed someone that's great you
wait to that meter at the bottom is a
hundred percent and then you press the
middle mouse button
that's how you do that what is open he
just uses his his magic sword and then
you just slice people with your magic
sword another dragon and they shot
another dragon into okay I'm probably a
disgrace to my team right well you know
yeah but it's your first time playing
and they don't care oh you have your
alternate I'm not used your button right
press down in the middle what do it
what's a good time to do it
as soon as you come out the door next
time hit the middle mouse button and
then just regular triggers is slice
people up oh really
yeah okay wait so wait till you see bad
guys though
wait till you see him and now got him
oh nice dodge and well you know what you
caused some damage there rich you caused
some damage that's the important part is
that you're causing damage let's see
here anonymous says oh do we have any
thoughts on tour do you know tour is the
dark web no that's all I know about it
and I don't know how accurate that is to
call the dark web but it's like a way
you can browse the web without anyone
tracing anything you just stand near and
that's all you have to do is stand here
I have no thoughts on tour I don't care
which do you prefer alien or aliens
I prefer alien and I think rich prefers
aliens
I like the horror movie in space and
yeah yeah yes it does rich tour is where
you spend your bitcoins I'm sure I know
I know almost nothing about tour I've
seen some news articles and then passed
out halfway through because I lost
interest
bunch of Messiah says hey guys got a
question for you that Josh fellow is
always built as the wizard is that what
even is that some sort of weird and
oblique mic shit love reference thanks
in advance
that's just his nickname he's apparently
very wizardry I don't even I don't think
there is a story behind it I think he's
just called the wizard he does know many
things
john josh is a musical wizard savant
savant sure as far as music knowledge is
concerned absolutely Josh knows many
things about music so maybe that's where
it comes from
I don't know well only child says hey
guys I am dealing with some girl issues
right now which means I'm currently
watching your stream drunk and sad
thanks for keeping me company tonight
it's lol why won't anyone fuck my cock
I'm sorry only child rich and I we ain't
lady experts so there's not a lot we can
help lol why won't anyone fuck my cock
problem baby
maybe maybe stop saying lol
wait all right well that sucks well yeah
all right change your oh you got a
little he'll he'll be a little simpler
what's he do apparently you can't you
can't use him oh now you can yeah now he
just shoots basically and then the other
one is is missiles they're specials if
you press the right front button you
drop down a thing that heals you and
your teammates which is very nice and
his other one makes you run faster but
you know you don't really need that
right now oh yeah he just got you know
just simple machine gun you might want
to drop down your Healey yep lower left
okay
lower left I don't know what I'm doing
that's all right you don't really need
to is that you know
Sara Chen says you definitely need to
call them females they love that mmm I
gotta get me some females no I'm saying
you know I'm saying it's all right not
everyone is uh unit 603 and it says Jake
I just had to buy a laptop I hate for
work so like for work too
well I think the laptop he hates the
laptop but he has to have it for work so
loved the build stream also people gift
you those adventure games because we
want to see you play them Zach who he
isn't normal seconds okay then you want
one of those people which people to see
the pink hair the monkey yeah be one of
those people they they're the tanks it
was a good tank B diva the one way to
the left that one that's who you want to
be you don't have to reload anything
shit it's over we lost Oh next time be
diva alright divas nice and easy I
should have had you be diva right from
the get-go look I think peak was talking
to us
divas great you don't need to reload his
diva and she has a shield
I love Ryan Hart I love I I feel like a
lot all these characters are incredibly
well-balanced and they've managed to
balance someone with a hammer in a
first-person shooter you know and I
think like to me that is a that is a
feat so divas nice and easy right
Zach McCracken I've heard of Zach
McCracken right I know people want us to
play the adventure games and sometimes
we will and sometimes we won't
yeah be Devo all right
she's fun
I'm part of her stick part of her
characteristic is she's like a gamer
she's she's like a livestream gamer from
Korea
let me she live streams Wars right well
I like to her it's just a big game so
it's great rich should just be Bastion
he's not quite ready for Bastion yet
he's the robot
he's the Reuben okay so if you press
regular click that's just machine guns
if you press right click that's shields
okay and you can basically use shields
it at any time
and if you press the left little button
you get you get like a jet boost and you
can knock people over
that's basically it
then you just need you to shoot two
people hello pit o heat rich doesn't
know how to say hello back no idea what
I'm doing here he doesn't know how to
say hello back peek hold on see and now
I'm go to hell oh there you go alright
here to go
what is this - what see that like yeah
that's your shield well it stops things
for meeting you yeah often there it has
it has a refresh rate it has a small
refresh rate but oh here comes Reinhardt
I like this I see what everyone else is
doing they're giving you a lot of heat
and that's okay you're still you still
like that
now shoot see Devo get my robot back you
have to you have to fight so after your
robot dies you get to jump around just
as diva and okay and you just you just
want to shoot everyone you can because
the more people you shoot the faster you
can get your robot back you can do it
rich I believe in you
anonymous says how seriously does Mike
take ghosts believes in them but he
enjoys the he just enjoys the would you
call it yeah he likes see you likes
thinks it's fun yeah that was dead you
are not well now you is oh no now you're
you know what rich sometimes your last
your last thing a little bit longer
anything well yeah well again it's all
about balance worse no well not not now
you go up there oh oh oh good you have
your super turn around turn around that
door okay okay so when you are right
around a big group of people hit the
middle mouse button alright and and it
makes your it makes her sued go nuclear
all right now no oh
how'd it get over there okay now hit the
middle mouse button again what because
then your suit comes back down oh oh
Reinhardt was smart knew Reinhardt was
Martin
oh hey Collins here hi Colin hey Colin
welcome to the craziness uh like diva
you know she has her shields and of
course she has her like kind of second
form and so she's kind of weak but she
also doesn't need to reload and so she's
referred to a lot as like a clean up
hero where really you just want to spray
everyone in hopes that you get the
people with low health and you know
clean them up you know kill them yeah a
better question Jiminy Cricket prick
bastard says how seriously does Mike
takes coasts yeah whoo going sniper huh
okay so regularly it's a machine gun you
can just use it as a machine gun or you
can hold down right click and scope it
the ants it like see that the big light
shield yeah that is an actual shield you
know yeah do you see how its cracking if
you hit it enough you can get through it
we should have a battle
yeah yeah yeah I'm sorry rich that's
fine I'm sorry
why is richer sniper sniper because he
felt like playing his widow that's all
try Winston less aiming needed yeah
Winston might be a good one it won't be
a monkey
but I just I like that there's a little
get into the mecha animation it's all
it's all adorable it's all adorable and
bright and everything nice
their first with sound effects I think
what why shouldn't I try what's going on
he's just he's just playing he's just
playing man
this is Rich's first time playing
overwatch and he's having you know maybe
a good time I don't know
he sings always just feel like a
clusterfuck to me though it's a little
bit of a clusterfuck eventually you kind
of figure out the the rules of the
clusterfuck and more importantly you
figure out your place in the clusterfuck
okay okay and once you understand your
place everyone to know a lot like rocket
League where you'll find that good game
where everyone works together and you
might win or you might lose but at least
it's a well-fought battle it's less of a
clusterfuck
you know anonymous says when Rich said
he has the best he has the best ball
sack was that created in editing it
sounded weird no Reaper yeah
nice I come from the shadows yep just a
couple shotguns okay so if you if you
pray yep so that's you're in invincible
form and then see there that's that's
your teleport and you can teleport up
down you know like you'll see obviously
where where your thing goes yeah his
ultimate thing is he just spins around
and shoots they like it that you said hi
to them
the roadog love road hog
big fat guy with a meat hook that's what
i'll he is and they gonna throw his meat
hook at people alright
nothing nothing nothing yeah nothing for
him yeah what some people who does
something for you know like everyone has
kind of different things also keep in
mind something you might not be aware is
they can see where you're gonna teleport
yeah
and it you know takes a little bit to
kind of refresh and everything so that's
one of those things that you kind of
want to use when no one's looking secret
teleport
Reever yeah he's really good at getting
behind the other team and kind of like
sneaking up but in it I think Richards
doing a fine job Richard's doing a fine
job let him figure it out you doing
great no I'm not don't say I'm doing
great what I'm not doing great that's
just dishonest no well you're awful rich
you're playing the game wasn't doing
great you're doing great at playing the
game technically you're playing I'm
doing terrible at playing the game poop
dick my PC is running wonderfully and
yes I love it like here like push it up
there
you can like teleport up that window get
into the fray no I don't I don't want to
get you do not want to get Oh your
banker
why am i back mercy revived you know I
know you don't want to get in the fray
well he's got shotgun do you think that
would be a free kind of thing you want
to sneak up on people that's your thing
all right you want to get behind people
and because if you can get a couple
quick shots of them you can kill a lot
of people no there's no invisibility
with you even in Wraith form stop lying
I'm trying I'm trying to give them rich
a little confidence boost
I can't yeah you can I just got a hammer
right
but so far so good with my PC I've been
monitoring the heats while playing games
on high graphical settings and so far I
don't have anything over I I haven't had
anything over 52 degrees so I don't
really think there there's anything to
worry about
run away and you have your ultimate so
if you can kind of get right in the
middle of them and quickly press that
middle mouse button that would be the
thing to do there's a little window to
the well that a century that a century
we've just been playing quick play game
mode nothing spectacular yeah 50 degrees
Celsius centigrade
did I say centigrade Celsius 50 degrees
Celsius so it's been running incredibly
smoothly and you know playing this on
high graphical settings and playing Deus
Ex on high graphical settings has been a
kind of a ton of fun and I think it's
working I think it's going to be a
functioning PC yeah and unfortunately
your character can't do a whole lot
about that unless you can sneak up on it
which I don't think you can
you know kind of different heroes have
different actually oh it's taken care of
it's taken care of
you can get in there
Oh got him
oh you kind of use that as a sweet Dodge
move I know that wasn't intentional
but it worked out to be a sweet Dodge
move
almost well you you helped yeah you
helped kill him
Oh freezy lady you cannot shoot that
thing you get aside that wall of a
shooting that thing but you was too late
you were already dead and I knew you
were dead
could I have teleported away from it uh
no not in time you teleport take school
alright that time but that's all right
anonymous says hey Jack can't help but
notice that rich is quite a seventh at
this game probably meant to say
excellent a clinic of riches virtuoso
hand-eye coordination I feel as if rich
is unzipping
the world as if it were his own fly oh
good you did it your team did it you got
one thing and now there's a cool down
time with the teleport well now it's in
little numbers show up there
that's a good guys yeah down there go to
your right and then actually you can
teleport over there yeah do that that'll
get you behind people don't tell anybody
so now everyone's gonna be kind of over
there to your right yeah okay do that'll
kind of force them to hang out over
there yep nice well that's alright they
were they were holding people in the
courtyard and so you forced them back to
their point so that helped that helps
Jiminy Cricket prick bastard says would
a real AI try to immediately kill all
humans or would they just replicate and
spread everywhere and try to hide like
malware I guess it depends on what they
were taught you know artificial
intelligence still needs some sort of
training yeah go way over that nice now
go up those stairs and right there he's
okay alright well it's he had some armor
and it's alright well he kind of saw you
but danielle from SL says hey how's it
going ha ha ha have a nice day okay
great that's what you had that's that's
what you had that's what that just yeah
I want to say hey
oh yeah oh so much for the ultimate you
had very little health rich and he
killed you whilst you were doing your
ultimate he you know there there's fun
to be had in this game the most
dangerous game is Vanner it's not that
way not that way and they like the
challenge of playing against real people
and they like the teamwork whilst whilst
is a word hard
no Kenny one be my lover
I guess well we'll turn off that
function next time weekend
oh I mean that was nice teamwork on
their part I think they also might be
ganging up on you because they know
you're rich you to bread this stupid
thing or Jupitus thing no no it's it's
the natural progression from user basis
turning to ad blocking software and they
still want to get revenue to creators
they're they're trying they're trying to
find ways to make sure that creators get
paid for the content that they make you
want that that was an up you know up
he's like help there's like hell
that's all right I'll take it I can take
a bank what do you have any thoughts on
YouTube bread rich no it's a thing what
a surprise indeed what is bashing play
game
Bastion play the game what the the robot
the robot guy very often gets the play
of the game okay that's a that's a thing
in the overwatch community he's just he
has a mode in which he can kill a lot of
people okay you can you can either be
the walking around robot or you can be a
robot where you can't move but you get a
minigun that does incredible amount of
damage and so if you can catch just the
right group of people walking by and
they don't know you're there you can mow
them down in seconds
okay seconds you know like for example I
don't fund to be Anna I'm gonna be
handsome
whispers how do we in this chat volume
voice chat and mic volume well that's
mine does chat volume where else right
above my climbing voice yeah I am
turn that all the way down great okay
I would be hands-off he's a bow and
arrow sniper that we you know I I was
looking at a breakdown of our YouTube ad
of revenue recently just because every
once in a while I like to check that out
and you know we've we've made money from
YouTube bread people who have YouTube
bread watch our videos it's not a very
large amount but you know it's it's
there so people are using it seems like
you guys are doing more weirdo tips than
you used to oh you have a theory as to
why it comes and goes
always been weird on tips yeah mr. happy
granny says got a week off works and now
I can watch them prereq get some gyro
friendly streams going you hacks oh I
know keep up the good work with your
right-wing Trump supporting my whatever
wait where'd you go so I think your team
is always blue yeah the bad guys are
always in red yeah the bad guys
this mind of mine says just wondering if
you guys are going to try out the Turing
test it's a new pile of game from Square
Enix if it sucks I don't want to pay for
it I added you on the net my handle is
Nicolas oh yeah and you know I've
forgotten too I've forgotten to check on
on new friends recently so I will do
that after this game I will add more
friends on the battlenet apparently you
will be defeated so easily because we're
being defeated
shit someone's oh fuck fuck fuck fuck
so I guess you want to be behind the guy
with the shield that's usually the thing
yes Jack what graphics card did you put
in your new PC the geforce gtx 1070 you
go you go is that it made my evo you
heard it here EVGA are there are there
different ones i thought giving i
thought that would be enough information
not really
that's not a no no the geforce gtx 1070
is not enough information for people can
make oh really yeah oh well shit I
didn't know that case is gonna have
their version of the t-shirt
a VGA yeah even I have the EVGA GeForce
GTX 1070 and it's been it's been rockin
it's been rocking I know you know some
people wanted me to bump up to the 1080
and that was just a price jump I wasn't
willing to go to just because I was
already jumping up prices because of my
case and the stuff that needed to fit
into my case oh wait
friends I've been Fringe know collecting
data I am NOT still playing Pokemon go I
have yet to delete it from my phone did
that that upset about the changes I just
no decisions I'm not upset it's just it
hasn't been a priority to me it hasn't
been fun has it gotten old it's well
it's gotten worse and so it's just not
fun it's like they've changed so many
things I can you guys come in now are
they like watching there all right
that's fine tell them what to do oh you
don't have to all right well start fuck
it fuck it join when you can we got it
love the stream as always yep can you
please play on ps4 next time so I can
play nope if you're going to have rich
play though he should be luci oh very
good starter character Oh offense plus
agility was Lucy oh so Lucy oh is this
guy here yeah and he's a healer
he's a healing class yeah he has a
decent weapon but also just people being
around him heals them so that's very
nice yeah yeah lucio is fun who do we
want to be let's be junk rad junk rads
fun need them numbers after harlech you
don't remember what they were
it's so dumb it's like fort one need
them numbers after harlech it is harlech
number 1874 Harlock number 187 for split
atom come on in oh is it
nunim says hey J Andrade will you two
please relay your total combined
knowledge of any topic of your choosing
no what is our total declined knowledge
of Archie's I'm trying to think of
something I know very little about what
this goes quick okay sir so what don't
you know a lot about quantum mechanics
Schrodinger's cat principle sure sure
all I know about one what do you know
about Schrodinger's cat is the cat can
is in both states of existence and
non-existence because neither can be
proven or disproven yes and because of
that because of quantum uncertainty
there are there are things that like
like the multiverse right like isn't one
of the things is is if you push against
a wall for long enough eventually you
might phase through that law because
because there's no nothing proving that
you can't
if you you put a cat an actual box no
that had a 50-50 chance of killing the
cat is it is it still true that it
either or is the case until you open the
box or is that cat definitely dead when
you're not on the quantum level right
when you know there's there's a
soundproof box though because you can
certainly hear that cat like bumping
around but it's not just about whether
or not the cat is dead
the Schrodinger's cat is about whether
or not the cat exists well the analogy
though is whether or not the cat's dead
what analogy the Schroeder's kept the
analogy that names the Schrodinger's cat
thing the uncertainty principle is you
could put a cat in a box there's
something in the box it's like with
poison as a 50/50 chance of going off
and killing the cat 50/50 you don't know
what it's gonna be but the box is closed
and you don't know what's going on in
the box hmm
the schrödinger's cat the principle is
that the cat is both until you open the
box
I thought I thought a shorter neck
analogy I don't show here's cat until
you open it there's not been decided
it's either/or I thought it had to do
with whether or not the cat exists no oh
man I've been with an eye apparently I
just don't know
they knows that was everything Jack knew
about Schrodinger's cat wish apparently
not much apparently not much much there
you go I was doing so well there for a
while
yeah I wasn't dying at all well the gut
says rich do you ever go to brewers or
any other MLB games ever been to a Star
Wars fan night one year the San
Francisco Giants gave away a Death Star
baseball mmm how much do you think it's
worth it's probably not worth very much
because they probably had it cheaply
made for their fan night thing but I've
never gone to a Star Wars fan night but
I have been to a few Brewers games
because you can get tickets to the cheap
mm-hmm I don't have it especially strong
connection to the Brewers I just don't
care about them cheap baseball
nobody cares about the Brewers and get
Brewers tickets for bucks nobody cares
about the Brewers that is a true
statement rich nobody cares about the
Brewers somebody else know the name of
your computer case that'll look really
cool oh oh that's actually something I
wanted to bring up is so I have the Lian
Li PC q10 case and I figured out with
the help of some helpful helpers why I
was having issues with my heatsink
fitting in the case if everyone
remembers the PC build we had to move
the case fan to the outside of the case
in order to get the giant heatsink to
fit and I had yeah when my guy dies he
drops bombs with him so if anyone has
around him they you know they get blowed
up to but no one was around me but like
I seem like he blew up when he killed
you the wheel well that wasn't a guy
that was just his wheel that was just
his wheel righty then oh that was just a
week so you know I don't turn into a
wheel look see it's like my wheel oh now
you can control this wheel Walker while
you're just standing there
see ya that's what's very dangerous well
that's the UH that's the balance okay so
in any case when I went to PC part part
picker I put in my case the Lian Li PC
q10 and I put in everything in PC part
picker said it would fit but apparently
the I put in PC q10 when in actuality my
case was the PC q10 SW or whatever okay
okay so the part that I put into PC part
picker was the bare-bones didn't include
the fan version whereas mine was the
part was the one with the fan so that's
what happened with that situation yes
Jack went to PC oh fuck I was if I went
to fart
fart fart park picker in any case my
case is wonderful and I love it and I
love looking at it I loved seeing the
little window that shows you all the
things and I'm very I'm very happy with
my case it was very easy to bring here
I'd like easy to carry because it shows
from all and I love it
DC dick licker yes he's playing on the
new PC right now and he's right here I
have my mouse and keyboard right here I
have my mouse and keyboard right here
I'm still very new you can see I are my
where's my ranking I think I'm only rank
5 or 6 because I just started playing on
the PC this was the first game I
downloaded on the PC and I'm still
getting used to playing in general with
a mouse and keyboard you know what I'm
gonna be road hog that's a great idea
Daniel from SL says hey I forgot to
mention be fun to force Mike to play
video games on stream mm-hmm that would
be fun
I would watch every single day yeah
thank you yep totally gonna happen Mike
Mike is a lot like a cat huh you cannot
force him to do anything he doesn't want
to do it's not gonna happen it's not
gonna happen we we are aware that you
all want Mike to be on the stream I'm
sure even Mike is aware that you guys
want him to be on stream it's just not
gonna happen that's something you need
to be you need to understand that have
that in your heart have that in your
brain that it's just not gonna happen
none of us says fuck DC online play
Rayman Origins you fucked my Rayman
Origins
up before playing even character play
it's not free is it Karen or Karen she
could be an animal what animal would you
do lol f my seat I would be a human if I
could be any animal uh yeah yeah we're a
pretty good animal Lou
what would I do carry pay tuk Wow god
damnit Katy Perry nice Katy Carrie you
know I wouldn't maybe not Patti Carrie
Carrie Patti
even Carrie baby baby oh yeah and of
course it's not up to us like obviously
we'd have to woo my wife lost in
technicolor says hey guys if any of you
seen the nice guys yet it's pretty damn
fun movie that's Shane black sure news
how to make sure knows how to make buddy
conflicts yes yes he does I have not
I've still have yet to see it Jay has
seen it and says it's spectacular and I
believe it and I'm very much looking
forward to seeing it but I have not seen
it yet
if you could somehow make a stream that
you have to pay to watch with Mike you
make so much money $10 to watch 300
people $3,000
sure I mean it's very true it's still
not gonna happen
light beat says what's up with all the
weird tips by the way my wiener is
stinky and slimy and GUI also poop
smells were there
great not helping I think that was the
point
whoa what was that
so how are you over watching right now
I'm actually doing fairly well road hog
is a nice has a nice character too
and I just said that and now I'm gonna
mess up road hog is a nice easy
character fuck and now meth just fucking
up eternally rich for mine Jack that
road hog can heal lol I I did I have
been I know thank you
I think it's time we all acknowledge the
truth yes even though we all want to see
Mike on stream Wow even if he did come
on there will be so many goddamn tips
more nuts than riches skills you do know
that this is the absolute first time
I've ever even touched this game is the
first time I ever even thought about
touching this game
cap cap cap cap
they know rich they know they know they
just like pushing them buttons yeah it's
fun to push their buttons rich have you
played pillars of eternity no okay yes I
saw that a couple times and yes that I
don't like it might be an art as I have
no idea
remember what it took rich three hours
to be the easiest Dark Souls through
boss hey hey remember when I'd be dead
rising by spitting the end boss to death
did you remember that shit I remember it
fuck what what
cat demon
gosh darn it gosh darn it
busting that says busty nuts are you
turbo nerds turbo nerds going to be at
PAX also did you know that ants are the
only animals aside from humans to
practice slavery and gardening whoo
another early I know they did that
though okay it will capture like rival
ant larvae raise them your mind now
don't know that's every species or just
some of them neat and then they said no
go mold
they grow fungus knowledge is power
yeah and no plans to go to pax nope
nope y'all might want to play with
people of the same level huh you all
might want to play with people of the
same level yeah but we're not we're not
uh we're not doing that right now we're
playing with we're playing with people
from the chat there's gonna be different
levels and we just kind of have to hope
it stuff balances it might not every
time oh yeah
well and you know me I Howard you
started with mouse and keyboard yeah
so it's like not only am i relatively
low level but you know you can't get me
in time oh I had to reload I could have
had her but I had to reload I'm still
working on it I'm still working on this
whole mouse and keyboard situation rich
you should play the game better
well it's dead it's laying right now so
well I mean you know I'm just in general
Donovan says could you ask Mike how much
one person would half the tip to get him
to show up 30 minutes there might be
some Richard douche here with money to
waste
what non you know yeah what non-human
animal would you be
lol fuck my P no I wouldn't wanna be any
goddamn animal I'd rather I'd rather be
fucking dead I don't want to be a fuckin
animal
why is that such a common question why
are there so many people that want to be
animals
yeah how do you like it I don't know
something to talk about I guess I would
I would I would probably lie there all
day and not be able to communicate with
anybody in any meaningful way and you
wouldn't have the consciousness to like
make these kind of abstract thoughts
anyway so it's like the whole the whole
it's much shorter life span the whole
case the whole experience is kind of
mood because like you wouldn't be able
to like reflect on your life as this
animal you know suffer from horrible
diseases about having any understanding
of what a doctor even was everything
about being an apple just sounds awful
right yeah I agree
I agree but the fun of the question is
the reason for answering not the answer
it's it's about the journey rich it's
about the journey
fuck that journey then teleportation
technology there would be no journeys
true dat true dat Anonymous's yep
why didn't you roll dawg that's what
everyone wants to know should I roll
should I roll boom man's friend says hey
fellas I really enjoying the stream over
watch looks hella fun I haven't given it
a second thought until now the new best
of the worst was great
I now have Dom DeLuise haunting my
nightmares
I thought that was a really fine best of
the worst really fun best the worst it's
a fine tangent it's the finest tangent
that has ever been tangent to maybe it
could have been it could have been the
finest tangent to ever beat Ange ended
oh I like Dorado to Toronto's a good map
everybody swapping out if you play a
couple games you swap out that's how
we're doing it

[Part II]
oh I like Dorado to Toronto's a good map
everybody swapping out if you play a
couple games you swap out that's how
we're doing it cool great good enough
for me
good all all my wrists the wigs my
wrists
you guys fat shaming Dom DeLuise was
pretty cheap especially when he has
three sons well because it was totally a
serious critique if Dom DeLuise it's not
like we're not fat I'm not joining
anyone's group it's just where the joke
took us you know and Dom DeLuise as a
comedian might not have liked it but
would have understood it you know uh and
yes even like a serious critique of Dom
DeLuise no no it was the absurdity of it
all talking about how he could
accidentally have sex on a bus right
it was cringe-worthy yeah whatever yeah
it was funny
we thought it was funny you might not
have thought it was funny but we thought
it was funny
that's all that matters we thought it
was funny
yeah most comedians have thick skins
he'd like like I said he might not have
liked it but where he's still alive
I am the blue blazes loved playing that
terribly imbalance game with you guys
shut up I had an idea for a stream that
I was thinking of doing semi retro
playing games that are 10 to 20 years
old
does that sound interesting I don't what
you played up could be what yeah you
always try it see if it works yeah yeah
you can do whatever you want to do man
busty nut says did you know recently
discovered species of ant in the Amazon
cloned themselves there are no males in
the colony and all of the spawn are
genetically identical to the Queen I did
not know that and that sounds
interesting Jiminy Cricket prick bastard
says the Jerry Lewis does well the day
the clown cried be leaked within 24
hours or destroyed by his executor x' if
he has it if he has the only copy really
doesn't want anybody to see it he would
have destroyed it himself by now
yes that is a true statement rich if it
exists and it can be destroyed and he
has it because his will implies he has
it it's gone and it isn't already
Nava says if you had to choose a game
universe to be trapped in forever
which one would you choose and why
lol look my clip um you know something
nice like like flower that game that you
play as the wind that seems like a knife
oh no you know what you know what
universe I would choose to be in a
first-person shooter with regenerating
health yep you can depend where in that
universe you are uh I assume like can
you be one of the consciousness uploaded
to the satellite at the end of soma huh
maybe I like it hundreds of thousands of
years and the virtual paradise could
have worse fates yeah
well
where is he where is he
Namah says if you couldn't be dead and
had to be a nonhuman animal for one day
after which you can return to being
human and share your experience with
non-human animal would you fucking be
just playing a game rich I have no
answer there is no non-human animal I
have any interest in being for any
amount of time I'd be a bird I just make
me very uncomfortable and I would be
waiting for the experience to end as
soon as it could possibly end I'd be a
burden I'd fucking fly all over the
place and I'd be a fucking flying bird
and it would be great maybe I'd be a
birdy astir inside the woods all day
eating bugs or something great I just
fly I'd fly and I'd eat bugs and I'd
love it and I'd die for fish because I'd
be an eagle or some cool shit like that
too dumb to understand why what you were
doing was interesting well but they said
you can retain it and you tell the rest
okay that's the new game rich
rich has no goddamn whimsy I have no
interest in being a fucking animal the
difference look if you might be a dog or
a cat or something more power to you
don't the force that shit on me I'd be a
bird I'd be a beautiful bird and I'd fly
and I'd fly every when I'd soar and then
I'd come back and be like guys flying is
fucking awesome and everyone well yeah
we know we love flying would be great
and I never end and that would be the
insight that I brought to the situation
is that flying is awesome but everyone
knows that already I'll be a bird
specifically so I can shit on your head
whoa rich that's hardcore
rich is unable to lie in order to make
people leave them alone I am an honest
person that may be a fault
Natomas says you guys found 11 in the
woods would you hide that knowledge from
your significant others and/or Mike and
Jay no you got it you got to share
everything with your significant other
you can't you can you can't have secrets
it's just not it's not healthy it's not
good it's it's it's it's not conductive
to a long-term relationship and like I
know for storytelling purposes hiding
stuff creates tension but like in real
life you would already trust that person
a lot if you chose them to be your
significant other so it probably
wouldn't be an issue in real life yeah
yeah that's the be like yeah I got seven
here eleven eleven number seven seven
eleven 7-elevens fine it's fine there
are some things that exists in stories
that don't exist in real life because
they're dumb shadow elite five says yes
pick an animal god dammit the human
Anonymous's which would you rather have
a chimpanzee with vocal cords a dog that
lives 80 years
don't fuck I press the wrong button fuck
I'd rather have the dog that lives 80
years fuck still getting used to the
mouse everybody still getting used to
that Mouse a dog that lives 80 years or
what the minute science found out about
the chimpanzees I could talk they would
take it from you anyway to perform a
test on it cut its braid open even
because they wouldn't give a shit yeah
dog lose eighty years like the worst
part of my owning a dog is that they die
so quick and Karen loves dogs hmm
she can have that dog for entire fucking
life hmm that's a good thing mm-hmm
never been much of a dog person except
for the dog does that one I live lost at
this point
it really sucked for the doubt that you
need to get that dog right away is the
thing
not gonna work not gonna make it work
that was completely my lost team I had
my I had my ultimate and I used it on
the cart because I pressed the wrong
button
rich always finds the creamy rotten
center of things
mm-hmm and how how did I find the creamy
rotten center of that by explaining what
would happen to the talking chimp yeah
that's what what happened at the talking
chimp
yeah people don't want to hear that oh
yeah we'd have conversations if we go
out of lunch nobody would think anything
was odd about this talking chimp
it would attract no attention from
anybody uh-huh or we'd have to keep the
chip secret like some kind of sitcom but
really maybe kind of miserable for the
chick you're like a talking animal and
you could never express yourself to
anybody
yeah yeah and an eight but even an 80
year old dog like is that like human 80
were kind of the last 10 to 20 years
really sucks that would suck for the day
a proportional aging yeah then that
would kind of suck for the dog well no I
gets old enough if you put it down if
it's that mr. Finn said miserable yeah
peds you do with any anyone that's
settled if everybody's quality hers has
gotten too low am i right that's all you
do with anyone who's that know you've
read put Donald on oh yeah whew it's all
yeah yeah it's fine said we had dogs
growing up a lot of dogs growing up okay
living a farm a lot of things I had a
lot of animals
I try Hans ogen you try Hanzo again I'm
feeling a little more confident with my
mouse and keyboard we're gonna try Hanzo
again um oh we sure yeah put down dogs
put down cats
we had big dogs do someone more tough to
put down like is the talking chimp is he
super intelligent can he give me stock
tips what he doesn't have to be super
intelligent he just has the product he
has the ability to process you can say I
want a banana well it like that's the
question is he is he the the fleas out
of my fur does he have human
intelligence or chimp intelligence and
can talk
she has intelligence and guitars it
wasn't specified right because then he's
just gonna say I'm horny I'm hungry I'm
horny I'm hungry I'm horny I'm hungry
I'm horny I'm hungry
cuz that's all animals do you can't
neuter him because that the only thing
is get to talk about is why the fuck did
you do that to me no he'll still say I'm
horny I'm angry I know what you did he
won't say that baby woo doesn't have
consciousness rich you know I could rip
your fucking arms off right he would
start threatening you after the evident
maybe wait it what am I going you guys
don't know I'm horny I'm hungry horny
i'm horny i'm hungry you have a
belligerent threatening pet
polkas all says what are your two to
three favor games for us - from your two
favorite genres and the third is an
optional wild card thanks for all the
content you produce and for all the
abuse you take entertaining us what it
was hard it's one of those things it's
hard to rank yeah no I mean a lot of it
depends on what you're into now right
that's a huge part of it I'd I think for
a long time I would put binding of issac
up there with with a favorite of mine
like historically I love the fuck out a
thief right but I have a feeling all
trying to play it out I probably
wouldn't be in the right headspace for
ya tell the gooks
XCOM now everyone knows that I love the
new XCOM yeah yeah yeah yeah always been
fond of doom doom
everybody loves doom
which play thief to play it off stream
the atmosphere still lives up even today
yeah but I mean just I know that I have
just at the time to get engrossed even
in that sure what a dolt I got shit to
do you know you have other games to play
the world's coming to an end GOG is
changing their terms they are they're
changing the terms of service I saw that
how so I didn't read it yet I haven't
heard the news yet if it's not DRM three
then they're dead to me I think then
they are dead to me I think that's how a
lot of people are gonna feel about it so
I can't imagine it's that but it might
be like the start of it you know but
yeah that's that's the point where I
have to back up all the things I own
from them uh-huh but I got most of it
already bagged up like I've you know but
some of some recent things I purchased
like I guess I don't give a shit about
no man's sky haha I have to worry about
backing no man's sky oh no it I make
sure I have a hard copy of everything I
own from them like backed up on desk so
they've just announced a change but not
what it's going to be oh no they have
what it is but you know it's all
legalese and so people are still what's
figuring out what are they changing
GOG was a grand old games could all get
Oh game good ol games dot corn GOG calm
they mostly older games but they saw
every game they sell is drm-free at
least for now apparently yeah I might be
switching up or you know it might even
just be one of those things where it's
like change our Terms of Service we're
giving away all your information to
third parties now because that's how
people make their money who knows what
it is usually though when someone says
that it's not good good old games
yeah I really need more info before I
can give you a solid opinion on whether
what what's going on with that Wow I
just posted their changes and Jack
called it third party partners seem to
be a biggie all right so what we what
was it about their paper what oh I just
sharing user information with third
party partners yep that's what it is a
lot of times because that's that's a
secondary revenue source for a lot of
people is selling their users
information oh well I mean not that you
know it's not that you're going to get
some more spam emails
nice nice
well they added a wallet section okay so
there they're adding kind of like like
you know maybe giftable maybe steamed
currency that kind of stuff hmm due to
certain games that we'll be launching in
the future thank you for being our
healer we added some explanations about
the legal requirements surrounding
virtual item purchasing that could be
that could be the groundwork for for
what you own and those I don't know I
don't know all I really care about with
them is getting shit drm-free yeah yeah
yeah ooh route 66 that's a fun one well
I'm gonna check if anyone else is
friending me
anonymous system more crap about animals
umberto Cabbage Patch
hey God today is my birthday if you go
back in time to your 27th birthday Oh
what advice would you give to your
younger selves invest in Apple well I
think invest heavily in a rich Reese
pair down that's not that's not what
it's just an apple he's saying that that
that person is 27 years old invested I
don't invest in Apple anymore the stock
is not is not doing I mean it's probably
well Google don't know you can find find
it is in YouTube we don't invest in
YouTube why not you need to find you
need to find the next Apple on YouTube
and 37 year old you know they're 27
right now they want us to give them
advice not go not go back and that's the
if you could go back in time to your
27th birthday the spirit of it is I
believe he want they want us to impart
information on them I don't know your
goddamn future do what you want to do
with your life what you want okay as you
know
you're 27 years old but you have
knowledge of how it feels to be
30-something years old
enjoy it it's gonna get bad but it's
kind of getting real bad that's I mean
things are gonna stop working right this
is going to go away say goodbye this yep
yeah you know your health is really
important and as you get older it
becomes more important that you're
healthy so start getting healthy now
that's that's a piece of advice I didn't
I didn't start getting healthy until my
30s and it's the older I get the harder
it is to stay and maintain healthy and
so being a being a person of good health
can be hard harder when you're older so
start now that'd be a great piece of
advice also you should work more than
you think you should if you want to get
ahead in any business not so much my
what your businesses a lot of employers
will just take advantage of you if you
work hard sure and you'll you'll you'll
get nothing out of it though that'll use
you as much as they can
yep it's much about what your job is
there's some jobs take it easy I'm
thinking career not I've worked in a
grocery store before yeah the harder you
work the more they would have you do
yeah and you know what huh you get paid
exactly the same as the jerk who goes
out of his way to do nothing that's true
I had I'd incident I was working at the
grocery store working in the deli yeah
and I was out on the counter I was like
I'm packing some boxes I was like
filling up like the the cold cut meats
the hot dog Jesus I was taking product
then it's been a since I was doing work
yeah and you know one of my co-workers
walked up to me from behind the deli
counter it just starts bullshitting
about his life and what's going on in
his life sure and as he's talking to me
he's like he's like pointing up the
counter and the food while I'm while I'm
working yeah and I'm like what are you
doing I'm trying to make it look like
I'm doing something so eventually you
know cuz he was he owns worry about the
cameras looking at him sure so
eventually notice he's like
pointing like he's dictating to me I do
honestly he's just wrong about something
another time another time that's great
he's behind the counter in the deli yeah
and he's got this broom and he's moving
the broom back and forth I looked down
his broom is an inch off the floor what
a dickhead and I told him you know
that's actually taking more effort than
actually sweeping the floor would so
there's some jobs don't bust your ass
well some jobs I I you know they're not
gonna do you any favors I gave shit job
I gave that a job I gave that advice
assuming that they they were interested
in in non shit jobs and moving up the
ladder you know no was not Mike Mike
hasn't work ethic I don't think he would
be comfortable doing that he's clever
enough to do that sure but he has too
much of a work ethic well and that's
that's kind of what I was getting at is
is I I'm really happy that I have the
work ethic that I do and I feel like
that has helped me do the things I have
wanted to do yeah but sometimes a work
ethic might leave you still broke but
also physically busted sure work work
smart not hard yeah was it was it Bill
Gates it said or maybe it was maybe it
was Steve Jobs I forget one of the two I
think those that I would always hire a
lazy person mm-hmm cuz a lazy person's
gonna find an easier way to get the job
done that's I really hope that was one
of them because that is incredibly smart
yeah
like beat says would you rather have
talking dick dick that stinky slimy
going and poopy smelling shadow a leap 5
says a question for rich and Jack would
your had to be a dumb talking turtle of
Jar Jar Binks sonic mouse track says my
mom Chuck mousetrap says monkey Butler
or gorilla shipper both come with
uniform and job references Jiminy
Cricket bastard what the ever-loving
fuck is up with Aquaman what could they
possibly do in his movie I can't name a
single Aquaman villain black mantis he's
got a weird dumb thing at his head he's
stupid just like everything with an iPad
with the Aquaman yep none that says rest
of rest the rest of my tip you hacks it
wasn't just any old shit about animals
no um Aquaman I'm sorry just now
no we can talk enough is it not enough
you don't want talk about Aquaman
oh we can talk about Hawkman if you
really want I said you know yeah what
are they gonna do with Aquaman they've
already decided what they're doing with
Aquaman they're turning him into not
your father's Aquaman right he's a
hard-drinking surly Aquaman they've done
that before the 90s when when Aquaman
was beardy McGee oh yes they did do that
in the 90s and you know what it sucked
then to the Aquaman I really like is
from Batman Bolden the brave never watch
that is there a sprint if there's a
sprint Jack did not tell me about a
sprint just this guy has a sprint
oh but when you sprint you can't shoot
or use any yourself sounds useful for
survival it's less useful for survival
than you think it's more useful just for
getting places because you can't you
can't shoot when you sprint
none of you guys actually read Aquaman
isn't that Aquaman's problem why rich
that's exactly Aquaman's problem you
kind of hit it on the head there hit
that nail right on the head and possibly
unintentionally hit that nail right on
the head
you know I am loving these cringy tips
great
sorry chances speaking of cringy tips
yeah I had this weird-ass dream last
night or we all lived in a spaceship and
rich and I made out for some reason
while Jack piloted the ship but then the
ship is high school all right okay
that sure is weird you know what what
first I thought there are knots about
our tips getting wacky lately yeah it's
it's true it's absolutely true isn't it
our tips have there they're not getting
any less strange yeah or anything it's
gotten out of control out of control I I
don't know if out of control I did say
there they're getting you know we're
getting comfortable with each other
everybody's uh kind of knowing each
other and we just that's what happens
with the relationship it gets weird
they're getting not in control enough
whatever you're saying I don't know what
cuz I don't know what you're saying and
I'm very confused
this is trying to keep us entertained
they know all the shit all the basic
stuff like yeah you know how dar LM meat
right now how'd you do this like they
all know the basic stuff so it's getting
weird and I you know I guess I'm okay
with that
it's their in-game shit yeah but we turn
it off it's all about what animal would
you want to be there is in-game Chad we
turn it off mostly because someone asked
if rich wanted to make out with him or
something and so I said enough of that
which what is your favorite Oliver Stone
movie Natural Born Killers oh shit
what's this sprint huh what do you mean
what's this sprint don't use the sprint
oh it's this left front button okay but
you can't like I said you can't shoot
when you have his print okay
what's good for getting around no it's
great for getting around or out of
trouble out of trouble less so like like
right now would be a fine time no I'm
killing I didn't wanted to kill that
healer that was the important that was
my job there I wanted to kill that he
shot him huh but you shot him I killed
the healer Oh and then I and then I Dana
I got that I got I got the healer that
was my priority and that that was my
mission right there
rich ever play ultimate spider-man yes I
did it was ok I I liked that they really
emulated uh work Bagley's art style that
was neat oh I loved Begley's art style
there's a whole game utter desert styles
well Roy Elia yeah that sounds great
he used to wear ultimate spider-man that
sounds great I was really off foot the
first time I read ultimate spider-man
because his his style is so stark um and
then I just got so used to it I fell in
love with it and then and then whichever
artists took over after he left it was
just you yeah I remember that
I forget who took over I know but look
like ass of course it look cuz you know
what cuz it almost looked like someone
who is trying to do a Bagley impression
you know no because no business was all
different I remember spider-man's head
actually looked like a spear his head
wasn't like a perfect fucking spear it's
been so long
tearing so long it was just disgusting
ly terrible but Begley was great
great ultimate spider-man via game was
the only spider-man game you like try
try web of shadows huh
what was shadows is really good no I did
not win yeah we got hoes who what do
they do
he's a robot he's pretty cool yeah he
shoots bombs she shoots ice and freezes
people he makes turrets she's a sniper
she's diva you were her before he's got
the big shield in the hammer he's got a
shotgun and a hook that can hook people
and bring them close to his shotgun he's
a monkey she has a gun that she's a
sniper different staple different sniper
she heals your friendlies and defends
the other people he he heals everyone
around him she is the healer and she has
some interesting weapons and he has some
interesting weapons all healer classes
those are all healer classes there's the
one the robot that kicks ass mostly uh
he yeah he he kicks a lot of ass right
that's right okay so here's the thing
about him ya regular machine gun right
if you press okay sorry I went to adjust
my shirt the front around press the
front left button front left button
Oh love sorry so that's what switches
your modes into the badass minigun and
then the other one actually heals you so
you don't need to look for a health pack
you can heal yourself that's what the
right front button does
it's got a little robot friend
well at last something you should know
is as part of the balance for Bastian
when you're in that mode your back is
your weak spot okay okay so you take
more damage on your back I have never
read The Dark Horse series I've heard
good things about it but I have general
reservations about Stephen King so I've
never gotten around to it the Dark Horse
series their cower you mean Dark Tower
series yes and in that person said Dark
Tower but I read that course for some
reason
the lower button on you know the two
little left buttons that's reload that's
when I have to Ferrari load by the way
if you didn't want to press R for reload
what's wrong with Stephen King he writes
interesting premises bad dialogue and
his books usually have really bad
endings that's my real problem Stephen
King yeah is he kind of he kind of whips
the ending great premises that really
fall apart terrible ending second so
yeah I mean that's been my Stephen King
experience so
anonymous says anonymous I'll try to say
this as poetic as I can as this giant
rock continues to fly through space the
Sun sets and another day on planet Earth
comes to a close
luckily rib and black are here two
humanoid men they own oil huh I use that
ultimate it turns you into a tank so
yeah
ribbond black are here to humanoid men
they will soothe my primal fears it's
going for a little little Carl Sagan
right yeah I'm sick of sucking you're
sick of suck oh I not suck
you know a lot of games like this is
like I said understanding your place so
you kind of got a hang you know bastion
is better if he kind of hangs back
you got a hang back you got to find a
good perch and you and you just have to
a lot of it is just knowing the map and
so I hit your head to your left head out
that door okay and stay on top of this
plank here go that way and now look over
there and they should be coming right
down this that Street that's where the
payload is going to come and so if you
want to deal with that person oh all
right so the street is where the payload
goes and so if you can find kind of your
area to hunker down change form and just
start blasting people then after you get
a few people move so they don't know
where you are right Jack trigger droids
I have had in-n-out burger they're
delicious yeah but now we know there's a
sniper over there oh maybe this time
Force taken care of so yeah hang up here
ice oh yeah maybe change form
wait
if to hold it down if you want to hear
more oh oh and I got a healer great nice
monkey
oh no monkey oh no that's okay you keep
your ultimate so that's okay all right
you did better that run yeah you killed
two people
that's pretty good I am a big overwatch
guy I have I have over fifty hours on my
xbox one and now I will hopefully get
even more on my brand-new gaming PC
which as rich can attest to runs smooth
as fucking butter you see any see any 30
frames a second on this bad boy over
here
we're kind of rocking it nice doors rich
well
yeah but that's alright you did a lot
better you did a lot better deploy rich
deploy how's my leg oh my leg oh is
still firmly embedded in there I do have
I do have a little pad underneath it I
had some non-slip pads from a phone
mount for my bicycle and so there is a
non-slip pad underneath it my Lego piece
and just the sheer weight of the
graphics card I really believe will hold
it in place nice
yes got it turn up
oh nice one rich he was just about to
unleash his ultimate okay so now it's
the it's near the end of the round just
stay near the cart and make sure they
don't touch it that's your only job
right now they cannot move that cart oh
fuck
wasn't it that was all that great round
rich you did it you did it you did
doesn't it feel I mean it feels nice
what is the game Bastion is pretty
well-known for play the game nice nice
job everyone let's give her a big round
of applause here nice doesn't it just
feel like fun yeah that was fun well
like I said a lot of it is just kind of
learning your place on the map right you
win the things rich all wins all the
games I want an eighty style montage of
Jack teaching rich how to play overwatch
um let's see here
anonymous says this is a perfectly
normal boring tip have a good evening
oh thank you I was a perfectly normal
point if and then anonymous says hello
rich and Jack time for the infamous
philosophy question of the week is the
human mind valid in other words can we
know reality of course we can't know
that you know no we know our own reality
which is all we know which might not be
a true reality but it's the only reality
we know so therefore we know it you have
to presume your perceptions yeah of
course you know we know they can be
flawed gonna need a montage
motherfucking montage well you know this
is also I see you've chosen Bastion
again because you're learning Bastion
that's another part of the game is just
sticking with us you're a bad character
for this map what's going on don't
oh no I'm saying that's another part of
like learning a game with so many
different characters is just like
sticking with a character this is the
character I'm using now and I'm going to
try to figure him out you know it out
I'm going to try to figure it out
because it's a robot so it has no gender
is a bird oh I love that diva armor look
at that like the junk red diva armor it
looks like a Mad Max mech I had that on
my xbox one need to get it yeah need to
get it so infinite ammo no you but you
have 200 in Fran every clip so I
wouldn't be worth it to fuck around oh
yeah yeah you can fuck around oh sorry
there's infinite ammo but only 200 in a
clip sorry oh I misunderstood the
question
will the first aliens we discover be
humanoid nope nope they won't be and
it's gonna really fuck with everybody
it's gonna be great
alien life if it exists on another
planet will most likely be very
different than anything we can even
imagine so
oh yeah just keeps you in that shield
too you'll bust it wide open that's
great I know everyone's super psyched
about that like signal have you been
reading up on that that signal that that
uh who is it SETI the search for
extraterrestrial intelligence is really
hyped about it's this powerful signal
that's coming from a star system that
might have life and people are getting
crazy psyched about it
how do I get up here up where oh you
want to go up on the thing make sense
yeah go go in there and then go right to
your right yep they go playing it cool
yeah
rich is playing it cool keeping his
distance I like it up there yeah I like
it plenty cool click social oh yes
dragon Mooney next time once rich is
done with this round I will go back and
accept the friend invites woo careful
snipers
get away from the dragon
this job over it's there under your game
plan they're coming after you they're
coming after you try to get rich on the
payload as fashion yeah yeah um you can
actually jump on to the payload and move
you know I have it like give you a ride
and then you could you know turn into ya
turret form but rich-rich has a plan
which is to play it cool and keep his
distance and we should respect Rich's
plan because it seems to be working
pretty well I checked here right oh
sorry I thought someone was coming up
there not
nice Sara Jen all jokes aside hey Jack
are you going to be down downloading
anything else on your PC or is it
strictly for gaming strictly for gaming
I still have my my Mac which works
perfectly adequate for editing and I
only have 500 gigs which you know you
say only but 500 gigs but you know
that's only a couple games nowadays so
it will only only be for gaming
obviously I have all the streaming
software on there as well so my plan is
to use it oh shoot that thing hurt nag
just don't walk away okay
we know they have a Symetra Symetra can
put little turrets on walls and stuff
that's slowed you down and hurt you I do
I do have a solid state hard drive a 500
gig solid state hard drive which which
works great but you know I'm sure with
my graphics card I could put a copy of
Premiere Pro on there and get my renders
out quicker but I just don't want to I
don't want to bulk down my system it's a
gaming PC and that's what I intend on
using it for
but follow everyone else yep yep yeah
you gotta move that payload
okay what so great now well you're back
you're back
as a poor college student how much money
would you say you need to put into a
gaming PC to make it worth it you know
there there's a ton of websites that I
checked out and it looks like you can
get a decent gaming PC for under a grand
or you know around a grand that's what
it looked like to me what was the what
was the site Oh God
oh yeah these had wires was it gaming PC
or some like that com there's a site
that helps you put together rigs elite
gaming PC or there's Tom's Hardware
there's PC part pickers like you can PC
part Packers comm Tom's Hardware comm
there's all these different websites
that help you put together rigs at all
different price points and use those
resources and I bet you can find a
decent gaming rig for around a thousand
nice
shit wouldn't spend less than 600
probably not which is real Odia gotta
bullets that time oh this one just the
one below yeah yeah and there are places
to scrimp where it's like you know you
don't need a solid state hard drive
that's that's bonus you don't need a
fancy case that's bonus just find out
what works for you
well p.m. hey but I I can I can sense I
can see that you're more comfortable
playing yeah so that's good that's good
why not
I love for I not so they even have long
range no no he has one long range shot
but it gets one shot at every you know
12 seconds no he just has a shield and
an act cool straight alright so yeah
Reinhart his his shtick is he is the
field
he's the focal point so you want to be
right up in there
shield is right click yeah swing your
hammers left click what are the two
specially ones I'll have to make sure so
one of them is oh is a rush you know you
can rush someone entertain them against
the wall you have the charge and then
the other one is is like a easier one
shot that you can shoot long distance um
this one yep that one straight why not
when you go there hit click that
exclamation point okay so to rush people
it's the top left one and then to swing
is the top right one okay
and then his ultimate is it is hammer
down and that's what stone yes people in
front of you you've been hit by that
before yes yeah so yeah you you just
want to be in there protect your team
that's your job
you soak up all the bullets for your
team let's see here
Jorund east out says sometimes I see a
speck of dust and I think it is rich
sometimes i gamble around and think it's
Jack what are allof food
leave that a loves our food delicious
food I love olives strife in traverse
says my life is now complete I have
played a game with the two best
streamers on Twitch so who are you
playing with we've shown muff and also I
highly recommend seeing the movie faults
ok and anonymous says correct me if I'm
wrong but I imagine Rich's ultimate
fantasy is him and Karin live on the
moon in a perfect dome Oh him and Karin
live on the moon in a perfect dome and
he continues to appear in our LM stuff
via hologram what you think rich you
want to live on the moon well you're
learning you're learning olives are
non-covered to love olives love when I
was a wedding DJ quite often to save a
few bucks the bride and groom would not
invite us to the dinner and you never
knew as a wedding DJ whether or not you
would be invited to the dinner and you
know at the time poor high school /
college students did not have a lot of
money and so quite often I would rely on
that to be my dinner and if it didn't
happen my dinner would be coca-cola with
olives in it and I talked to the
bartender and just they put as many
fucking olives in that coke as you can
just bit just for nutrition just for
sustenance
yep yep yeah it takes a while to get the
timer in such a jack job yes I was a
wedding DJ for a while and fuck it it's
when I had great job I'm terrible with
this most-requested track was always
just whatever the latest pop song thing
was and or you shook me all night long
everyone
she wasn't double-time I did you learn
and everyone thought that they're being
incredibly unique and clever by wanting
by requesting you shook me all night
long she stopped freighted just be your
shield man be a shield that way I mean
keep in mind though I wedding I was a
wedding DJ from like you know 98 to 2000
- so this was booth you know this was
when we we had to bring you know CDs
there was no there was no digital I'm
doing no good there's nobody behind me
well you're protecting you so that's
something
she froze you look she froze you again
go back fast John a little bit give this
one more shot
sure oh you're back you've been revived
use your ultimate good you got one I hit
him
oh I can't I can't move you got frozen
again that's May she freezes people fuck
him alright that's fair enough
approximate cost of the weddings you DJ
oh I don't know I worked with a company
and that was oh that was that was quick
I work for a company and so like
sometimes I would DJ a wedding that was
nothing you know like we would have a
very minimal package and it would be in
a bar you know that's where the
reception would be and maybe 20 to 50
people would be there including the
bride and groom and some weddings that I
DJed were huge events at like sky and
skyscrapers in downtown Milwaukee or at
the Art Museum and you know we had this
huge rig so I worked for a company
olives and coke I use calories at that
point like I was hungry I was hungry and
I needed calories so I had olives and I
had coke think of things that you can
get for free at the bar of a wedding
that's the only thing you can eat okay
and you DJ for four hours sometimes six
hours and then there's an hour set up in
an hour teardown and that's your only
meal what are you going to what do you
can eat olives and coca-cola
it does sound like the grossest thing
ever until that's all you have and you
know the cokes kind of sweet the olives
are kind of salty little salty sweet
action and for both of those situations
they send Jack fucking hacker right most
bars don't have pretzels like bars at
weddings like if you go to a reception
hall one of those places that you know
just holds eight weddings a night their
bars don't have pretzels their bars
don't have salty snacks they have olives
pack a lunch that would have cost me
money
so are these huh does a during game yeah
so you I need healing and then everyone
enters that or like your ultimate status
where you know you can say hey my
ultimate is really close and so then
other people can try to coordinate their
moves with your ultimate it's a way of
making sure that even people without a
microphone can communicate chat oh whoa
nice great switch Curtis that that's
Farrah she flies and has a rocket
launcher she's pretty awesome I couldn't
drink I could I could not drink booze
while on the job it would it would get
me fired and you know I liked having a
job
why not eat leftovers from dinner
because here's here's the thing so you
DJ a wedding right there is a I'm going
to say a 70% chance that you will be
invited to dinner at the wedding 70%
because you know a lot of times it
happens and you don't have a lot of
money and like when they give you dinner
it's the full wedding dinner and it's
awesome you know and sometimes cake
afterwards too is sometimes I'll even
give you cake and so the risk of being
hungry was worth it for me and possibly
getting a big-ass meal and it's not like
it's not like they have a refrigerator
there that I can put shit in I'm a
schmuck who's DJing the wedding the the
kitchen staff isn't going to help me out
at all they don't care they hate their
job most kitchen staffs at these places
hate their job and they don't care about
anything and so I took the risk of
possibly getting free food
you have nightmares about olives
I still love olives to this day oh good
yeah you got a nice health post jump in
there no olives are great I still love
olives oh he's on your team you wanna
hop in there when he's doing stuff like
that oh ah fucking Symetra nice nice he
lit up he lit up he lit up you can shoot
those look
nice job rich nice job rich green house
green elves with the with the red pit in
them whatever those whatever those red
things are called you know those are
called in the golems no I'd I don't okay
the pit they just hold the pit the pit
well the red bit not not the pit you
know the red thing is that they put
inside pitted olives what am i stance on
pickles I love pickles I have a giant
batch of pickles right now in my house a
good friend of mine makes her own
pickles and always has plenty of
leftover pickles so we have about a
dozen jars of pickles in my house right
now and I plan on eating a good chunk of
them they need to wait though they were
just kin to the other week and so they
need to wait do I ever have a glass of
coconut for old times sake no mostly
because I don't drink soda anymore that
way it goes nowhere nowhere nowhere
what's up here high ground there high
ground here yep
fuck yes hmm is there a drink that uses
black olives I don't think so pimentos
that's what's inside a green I'll thank
you those red pimentos inside a pitted
olive oh yeah I was at a at a grocery
store in Minnesota once and they had an
olive bar it was you know like like you
go to a grocery store and they have
salad bars and shit like that they had
an olive bar and it just had a dozen
different kinds of olives like garlic
stuffed olives cheese stuffed olives
I might have went a little overboard
with all of the different olives I
bought
but split atom what what is it
olive Varma you you must experience it
it was great just so many olives if
you're if you like olives I'm gonna this
one more game
okay then I'm done okay that's fine you
don't call it pop no it's soda pop pop
is something you do to a balloon soda
pop pop is perfectly valid you're just a
pretentious asshole yeah I mean I am a
pretentious this is everyone who says
soda what and insists that you were
wrong for saying Bob oh how could you
possibly do that I am offended sir pop
is just so antiquated like I had like a
pap no it's fine ant you know it's like
it's cuz kind of from some of Roberts is
bubbler bubbler yeah yeah yeah exactly I
rest my fucking case it's not a water
fountain it's a bubbler or a drinking
fountain it's a drinking fountain but I
call we call it a bubbler I don't get
all up and people shit though that's
just what I call it the bubbler
what's Rio that's true in Texas they
call all soda Coke okay and so they'll
order a coke and then the waitress will
say what kind and they'll say sprite
that's weird that's we that's extra
weird don't you think we can all agree
it's close to being true other places
that's weird
not whenever one referring to sprite but
I've wanted just a soda yeah like a
Pepsi or something and I've said Jagga
coke coke pepsi isn't that kind of what
I said you know oh sure Pepsi it's fine
whatever but like could you imagine
referring to coke is all soda blanketly
you know what type of coke do you want
dr. pepper
what type of coke you want Mountain Dew
you know special okay so that's that
that's a poison trap miss traps
yeah oh and she has a grab Oh tell me
about these things well you were you
were so fresh rich so she has a
grappling hook which is really awesome
it does have a wicked cool down yeah now
you can like hey and then you can shoot
your trap and the enemy they might not
see it it's quasi hidden to the enemy
oh I like that what kind of coke do you
want a coke great but what kind of coke
the coke a coke coke
we'll go will they breached they
breached rich
oh do we have a new I'm horny I'm hungry
username for if a monkey could talk I'm
horny I'm hungry I'm horny I'm hungry
oh let's see here
Jack what is the transition like from
Xbox to PC for overwatch it looks a lot
better and plays a lot smoother on the
PC my my biggest hurdle right now is
just being comfortable with a mouse and
keyboard which is just general PC stuff
so I think I'm doing ok
ok except for that well oh you got
revived it and so I feel like once I am
more comfortable with this mouse and
keyboard situation I'm going to be a lot
happier
you want to probably use your ultimate
your all it does is show where all the
enemies are so it doesn't like hurt
anyone it just shows where all the
enemies are for your whole team so it's
just kind of helpful for everyone
damnit yep that's a nice perch is it oh
ah fuck oh oh you got a pond there hop
on the phone Ridge up on the point go to
the point go to the point which is the
point where they are go to where they
are sorry
see that blue triangle that's the point
and when they're on it they capture it
that's right rich got on the roof and
did well I'm sorry which I did not
explain that properly it's their job to
capture that point okay whenever they
stand on it they capture it a little bit
yeah and if you stand out if they stop
it so now they got that one this is the
new point you don't need to worry about
it now but if they're standing on it you
kind of want to hop on to stop them from
capturing it
now that sucked who do I have the most
playtime with on my xbox it's probably
Farrah I have the most playtime with
Farrah I like playing as her she's very
difficult to play with on a keyboard
mouse for me mostly just because I don't
understand how the keyboard mouse work
yet but I'm getting there
so I like Farrah I like Symetra I like
mercy
I like lucio III there's a case for
every hero the only one I'm not really
comfortable with his Zarya yet she has a
very strange weapon set she can make
tiny shields for both herself I think
her name is Ari I might be pronouncing
it wrong her she can make little shields
for herself and for teammates and if
anyone attacks those shields it powers
up her weapon okay and so like
coordinating all of that with weapon
strike she has a really cool she has a
really cool ultimate where she creates a
tiny black hole and all the enemies get
sucked towards that black hole and so
you can use that with other heroes and
you know like create your black hole
than other heroes just fire fire fire
fire so she's really tricky and I don't
know how to play as her well yet oh wait
alt tab I'll tab over you can start the
game that's fine I'll tab over and see
if there's any friend requests ease I
think we're just about done anyway
though sure I'll just go get them
go get him now I'll play with you guys
later because I play this game all the
time oh shit right I'm those fun junk
rat just shoots bombs so he's kind of
fun road hog is funny has a big shotgun
in a hook or Hanzo I know I'm no good
but it would prefer something more
finesse sure Hanzo has a little finesse
you could try Farah I could swish up
during the game sure fair with the
jumping rocket boosting rocket launchers
that isn't evil every everything in this
game is in neat design yeah
yeah it really is and it all falls under
the the silhouette rule which you kind
of know exactly who you're attacking
just by seeing their silhouette it's
great ah let's see here anonymous says
if you two could go see any concert ever
performed but you had to agree on the
concert what would you choose yes rich
you can record it for monetary gain
did you see that footage of of Nirvana
playing teen spirit two days after their
album came out in a small club in
Seattle it's on YouTube
and it's you know just Nirvana playing
to maybe 30 people in a small club two
days after their album came out playing
it smells like teen spirit that'd be fun
something like that
I suck ass this guy something like that
would be fun
what kind of health insurance and
retirement accounts do you guys get from
red letter media zero zero hey rich do
you know did you know Goldie Hawn
released a country-western album in 1972
no I did not do I care not great
Jack did you enjoy the soul parade song
I sent you just say yes yeah I don't
know if I remember it I'm sorry also if
I wrote a script and personally funded
the semi-complete Suicide Squad remake
would you guys be down for ridiculous
cam in a cameo absolutely we do anything
for Lena oh that's a right-click
ah rich you like overwatch don't you
it's a fun little thing he's getting it
oh so your ultimate yeah is basically an
auto aim all you need to do is fire your
gun in the general direction of people
and it hits your bullets hit them yeah
it did only a lot of good you know you
know I'm sorry I'm sorry uh Jiminy
Cricket professor said did you know the
Mexican Foreign Minister was in
Milwaukee yesterday to open a new
diplomatic consulate for the Mexican
government in Milwaukee of all places I
did not know so great thank you for
letting me know
and already dead round one round one
best two out of three med Evolvin says
hijack and ranch a fan of rlm since 2013
seen every episode of rlm shows and
prereq including all live streams you
guys are my favorite thing on the
internets can't afford to sub half a
favor to ask
half a favor have a favor to ask
oh here it is you ask a full favor if I
here's here's the second part of that
it's my friend Rob Murphy's birthday he
has cerebral palsy and cannot walk his
friends started a GoFundMe to renovate
his home to use with Wiis wheelchair
with permission I can send the link yes
edit or email prereq at red letter media
com
middle van Mehdi villain medival n-now
med FL van medival van medieval van meta
I don't know how to pronounce anything
anymore unit 603 a today rich and Jake
after two years of doing prereq streams
do you still love video games or is it
just work now we hate them lol fuck my
cock dot Borg um yeah of course we hate
all video games all the time
I still like video games every once in a
while though I'm not in the mood to play
him and we still play them yeah but
that's very rare
is there seriously a new key plan or
what I get the impression that your run
the joke into the ground no there is
honestly a new key plan and we just need
a few more just a few more
how so far I'm enjoying Deus Ex I'm not
terribly far into it it's a very it's a
dense start you can you you have an
option of watching a 12-minute recap of
the story so far of Deus Ex and I chose
to do that and that might have been a
mistake because the 12-minute recap
really could have been a 30-second recap
because the only part that matters is
what happened right before the game
start you know that's all that matters
to me at least
that was pretty good yeah turn it up a
little bit turn it up a little bit how
about that our direction I I'm you know
what I think my the main character uh is
a little ugly and a bit of a joke you
know he was I'm going to assume the
first one came out right around the
matrix
uh but I love the world I'm really
diggin the world I'm diggin all of the
the robot limbs on people in this whole
this whole augmented versus natural
human stuff so I'm digging all that the
world is helping me through the game
again on the subject of my new PC I'm
not super comfortable with mouse and
keyboard yet and Deus Ex wants you to
use a lot of the keyboard and so my
comfort level is even less with Deus Ex
but I'm getting there
nice that's teamwork right there rich
that's teamwork
what ending did you pick inhuman River I
haven't gotten to the ending yet the
first one the first ending is what I
picked I I'm I'm 500 the first game I
this is my first deus ex game I played
so none ah but I'm really digging the
world like I said I like I like and and
oh I even like Chloe what so whatever
you won
I even like the little bit of story and
I won't give it away for rich but the
the the little story we get about why
the world is how it is that kind of
thing
so we'll see I'm five maybe six hours
into it he's got rollerblades I can see
he can rollerblade on walls that's
Winston he's a monkey
that Winston he's a monkey I'm not sure
if I'm a fan of every character having a
Ganga shield Winston has a Ganga shield
yeah
and of course Reinhard has a shield the
soldier 76 doesn't have a shield but his
his Healey thing kind of looks like a
Ganga shield
I did see that yeah but I thought like
everyone's acting like this was a really
big deal but I thought everyone knew
that we were already getting a season
two of stranger things so they they came
out with the official teaser for season
two of stranger things rich it's really
happening like I said I kind of thought
it always was but who knows but more
stranger things could be good could be
terrible you never know yeah right it
was it like it was the barest of minimal
teaser trailers it was a few words and a
title but we know it's official now
maybe we didn't know it was official
before
Oh an old canceled out by an old classic
overwatch classic overwatch sir Jen what
are both of your favourite Zelda games
Link to the Past and Wind Waker for me
are the same
that's alright second boring answer but
wind wakers is fantastic right III put
Wind Waker above Link to the Past
I think Wind Waker is fantastic so so
for me it would be you'd be Wind Waker
well I'm gonna lose this one yep oh god
yeah you guys don't have any any control
time you can still do it though you get
on there you get on there
ah tracer nothing's done yeah if it's
done it's totally done and we don't
appreciate it says Jack hello Jack and
rich I hope you are doing well tonight
order your thoughts on Game of Thrones
and Red Dwarf have you seen or read any
Game of Thrones ok and I've kind of lost
interests so I didn't watch this last
season but now everyone's telling me
that this last season was the season to
watch so I don't know I might watch it I
stopped caring I never really cared
about it and then I stopped caring after
a certain thing that's totally spoilers
happened um I'm not you're done yeah and
I'm gonna play like 2 more rounds and
then we can call it a night we can call
it an official overwatch night
play a shit game we should take a moment
check out our stats real quick hold on
where's my thing oh no did I turn it off
how did you get turned off what could
turn off what got turned off this oh
yeah yeah it's fine
66 degrees cent Celsius rich yeah that's
my GPU temp is that good bad I don't
know I don't know if Celsius oh let's
check out my let's check out monitoring
here what's the I've not seen much of
Red Dwarf
and I don't have cable I've seen zero of
Game of Thrones
oh yeah we're fine GPU temperature is
that is that as running at 55 degrees
cp6 is excellent CPU temperature is now
running at 40 degrees we're fine as long
as you can't boil water you're probably
fine I know buddy I mean you guys have
me so concerned about fan placement and
other stuff I'm a little you put a big
fan of it you'll be fine I put a giant
fan in there I'm Nepal Oh a new map
anything eighty plus is bad 80 plus
Celsius is bad okay that's what I need
to know use American degrees nope who
should we you know what fuck it let's
give sorry a try what does she do okay
so she has two attacks
I'll show you while we're setting up
she has a straight beam but it does not
go very far but it's just a continuous
beam that mows people down and then she
has a little like bomb thing okay so
here's the beam but as you can see like
it doesn't go terribly far and then she
has this bomb boom where does it end
what is the range look so looks like
it's in the wall right can you tell what
it's not hitting I don't know
yeah maybe we're heading there and then
she's got the bomb but then she has
these barriers and so I could go like
boom give you a barrier right okay and
then anyone who hits that barrier makes
my gun more powerful okay can you put
her on yourself yeah yeah there's one I
can put on myself two different button
different button so we're gonna give
we're gonna use Aria try
get out of my jam stop it stop it wasn't
meant to be
ah figuring out this mouse not like I
would be any better with a controller
button
but I can pretend I can pretend I'd be
better aim for the head and torso
nice you did did some help from my
friends
Hojo
from your friend I got a little help
from my friends
and then I failed miserably because my
shield does not last for very long it is
my problem
Zaria shield what does the DPI in my
mouth I don't know good it's a good dpi
that means he has no idea I have no idea
how much does it cost I gotta say up for
like 20 some 20 some Oh probably not
that great it's not it's not like super
great but and it's not terrible it's not
like
I also don't really know what's super
great and not good are so whoa I'm
trying to member what stands for data
per inch or something
ooh maybe it's more sensitive I think
the higher it is the cpi-u I am using is
an i-5 6600 K yes that is my CPU
graphics card is a is a GPA gtx 1070
fuck fucking fuck scabby McRib says now
here's a tip for getting to watch Lord
Evans play one of my favorite games also
nice I can get one of those sweet
old-fashioned real-time shout outs yeah
I would totally some I mean would like a
shout out shout out to scan Bhima crabs
like what somebody employee buddy want
what's over what's a real time without
old-timey shout out yeah we were unsure
what a real time II oh my god Candida
Krebs
oh my scamming the crabs I can only
presume one of those things is something
like what you wouldn't want to do maybe
I I don't know I'm totally clueless
nothing Zawiya thumbs is working up for
eject I had a plan yeah that did not end
up working my plan was to put my black
hole device on the edge and hope that it
sucked people off of the edge and then
it dropped them and I don't think it
worked don't know tiny advice scamming
the crabs gives a shout-out from
previously recorded today the news hey
Jen Elsa says great yeah pick some
random words I need a song title I'm
still in that creative slump get in the
grape jam from the fridge from the
fridge
great Jam from the fridge gone off
horses horses random words this is what
you get horses I've got a beef to pick
with that cow
Mega Man is my Lord and Savior things
all right
it's fair enough fair enough
let's jam from the fridge says I have
the high ground space gem on Mars no my
motion sick my motion sickness is
getting much much better as I've been
playing first-person shooters all night
and you will notice nothing also I think
it has a lot to do with the the field of
view as this field of view is over a
hundred and I think that really helps
but no I think all at all it's all
getting better everything's coming up
millhouse I sneak into the help what the
shout out and the title help that did
either those things help
it helps something because these people
were no longer paying attention because
they were so busy I don't know getting
helped by you go gobbledygook says
thanks for game tonight any chance
you'll try other online games Paragon
battlefield Call of Duty DC Universe
Online that last one wouldn't run great
with your ten seventy and it's free you
fucks
hey would run great I've heard a lot of
interesting things about this
battlefield one you know the one set in
World War one
uh met a balloon says oh he actually has
it phonetically spelled out in the tip
nice meta metal valve and I will email
the GoFundMe link and send on steam too
if that's cool
I appreciate any feedback I was
responsible for editing the GoFundMe
video if you'll prove share it on Sunday
how that was the earlier with the thing
for the person oh yeah the the friend
with cerebral palsy GoFundMe to help me
yeah yeah send it um AJ pimps all hey
guys just got back from my first trip
Chicago the city is full of high-caloric
fun oh there's another space after that
the city is full of high-caloric fun if
I go back this fall winner what are some
things I should do uh Chicago check out
the high crime rate check out that
illegal police Detention Center
ooh that might be fun that's the new hot
tourist spot as far as I've been told
the police torture building yep the
undocumented police holding facility
where they don't tell anyone they're
putting criminals and just do whatever
they want with them while they're there
yeah it's a fun place or you can see the
beam oh that was underwhelming wasn't it
well I think part of her shtick is that
her weapon is not very powerful at first
until you start using shield your shield
it just sounds horrible yeah it's it's
difficult why are you still using her
well cuz you that's how you learn is is
you learn by using and I really like her
ultimate her ultimate is is super fun
Sarah Genesis fantastic help bridge now
Richard Jack Mack what electronic
music genre since that's all I can
produce at the moment uh John Carpenter
a genre man
Industrial fruit crunch Lu industrial
fruit grunge that's not a real thing but
I love it love it rich industrial fruit
grunge you know what make it a thing
figure out an austrial rajesh with the
sound like and make it a thing i love it
yeah we'll probably regularly streaming
on Sunday I know Monday's Labor Day but
will probably be regularly streaming on
Sunday and uh Sabre mo says hey brother
another bonus of playing overwatch on
the PC you can practice reading Korean
when you get the right teammates which
tends to happen a lot late at night oh
oh
blink great great hey guys Oh Oh May
you're adorable
ah that was some great over watching
everyone
thanks for playing thanks for playing
with me and rich yeah thanks for playing
overwatch hey no problem
I hope I hope you had a slightly good
time this is not a good time okay that's
all we can ask is a slightly good time
let's check for fun being the new guy in
one of these things yeah and I and I
agree with in oh look at that
look at those CPU temperatures rich can
you read that 40s 40s all around in the
CPU temperature I was just worried about
your small case J I don't know I know
and you got me worried about it you got
me freaked the fuck out I apologize but
I've never seen somebody who's such a
tiny case before yeah that's all right
take a look at our frame rates Oh God
look at those frame rates seventy can
you access seven requests oh yeah sir I
sure can boom accepted it request
accepted you're all my friend now I like
playing overwatch so I'll probably be
playing a lot all right great
that CPU will last until the end of time
it will the CPU is not getting hot
anytime soon ah let's take a moment
where is it where is it the twat
what do you not the right version I
didn't connect it and you know what it
feels like jack now you know what it
feels like but that's ok to be in charge
Shaya turn what is it like exclamation
point subs I forget the beefcake
I had the Twatter up he had it up he
didn't have it on the torture line it's
fine the torture was up beefcake and I
didn't hit the connect button I'm so
sorry
that's all right it's also sorry there a
new subscriber did it did you get it uh
click on five big screen so we can see
it there ah Jack is fail why do you
leave it on the blow I was thinking oh
there oh I wanted to leave doing I
wanted it to come wait I want no you're
grabbing the tabs why wait why is it no
doing I'm trying to get it to stick to
the side of this screens put it dead
center
cuz in case anyone else new subscribes I
want this right here you know do you dig
it
ok ok but the
and is Jo flat fuck elites
crocodile brain 22 fucking once in a row
by the way we are reading the names of
everyone who was scribe during our
stream today to avoid YouTube confusion
later on right like pizza train 11 for
19 months in a row Euler's number
Swedish AI twelve months in a row in
Swedish AI says it Hult are who have
thought would who at health are who
would have thought Oh bother
sixteen months in a row you should build
a computer sometime Jack thank you for
all your help unread Ito bother by the
way midnight nd mud run
14 months in a row and you're scrubbing
it I can't read what the sub thanks for
all the fun fellas Hartman's e harbor is
your brain like watch for little fried
now yeah cuz I've been playing overwatch
for seven hours now
here's to keyboard and mouse says
Hartman's e split cannon a cracker man 5
to 6 for 19 months in a row hi rich I
just wanted all the spectacular
spider-man
I just watched all of the spectacular
spider-man show from a few years back
and loved it have you seen it when you
started saying that I thought you were
gonna say that you watched it on my
recommendation yeah I've seen it that's
great yeah Shey made they didn't
continue on with it they replaced it
with that ultimate spider-man animation
oh I like the fucking spectacular was
fucking awesome you need to check it out
I like that ultimate one there's fun
it's fun I got weird
later on check out check out spectacular
spider-man turn it off check out the
made it spectacular spider-man goddamnit
bad gamer Korean I stay up super late
here in Ireland to play with you two had
so much fun Thanks
which one bad camera green okay uh
Erebus and aether Lucas Ducas says
thanks guys keep up the great work
Helga raff candy Matic Captain James May
Pro leet Oh get the was it leet-speak
politte saber moe Ernest Con 21 fucking
months in a row
Ernest Khan wants to know can a G
kangaroo jump higher than a house of
course a house doesn't jump at all I get
a second look house doesn't I jump it
all boom scam EEMA Krabs guitars Oh
eighteen months in a row it was a lot of
fun playing games with you - tonight
this show is great thank you a Qatar's
Oh gobbledygook s-- 25 fucking months in
a row holy moly gobbledygook says hello
copulate my phallus because it's a thing
it's still going I kind of like that ah
you know what I kind of like - lol fuck
Mike epic thank you for subscribing
everybody hope you enjoyed watching me
suck it okay
we all did rich we all good XX slightly
less we have one more uh couple more
things uh real quick a couple tips
the stanislovas the stanislovas says I'm
a Chicago Ian you fox-like ago Ian and I
quickly recommend here there's no e
there's no one an A in there Chicago
Wien and aa goin and it this time Lucas
recommends Millennium Park
ammonium millennium park that's where
the beam is I should be the she'd
aquarium shed okay great the a dealer
plan that you're just fuckin around the
Adler Planetarium right Andy the neutral
its tool free Mizzou that that was
exactly right you may as well shoot
someone too since everyone does
although cogs and data says my twin
sister and I are watching the stream our
birthdays on Friday please with a happy
birthday to Susan and Sarah thank you
invest well happy birthday Susan and
Sarah which one of yous older I'm gonna
guess Susan you don't ask that question
what that twins love that I came out
first
Oh twins yeah everything doesn't matter
every movie says like I came out for 40
minutes ahead you know it's not just a
stupid fucking movie thing have you ever
actually met twins you know I will have
you know that I have
