Apr 13, 2016
Enter the Gungeon
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/71000159
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/71004018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sqbUVKuYoZE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_gkwBkRlrw0
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/720351544957210624

[Part I]
riah yeah hold on we're almost good we
are now good except for the volume on
our TV shit Wow perfectly fine to me I'm
I dig this soundtrack it's no like it's
no risk of rain which I've been playing
a shit ton of now that it's on the Vita
but this is a fine soundtrack enter the
gungeon onto the gungeon the Gungans
don't you know oh don't you know how
we're ready to go Jack I thought I
wanted to take a sip of that delicious
beverage and now did you tell rich about
the dinosaur and star dude and the rich
did you know there's a dinosaur there
you go I I don't have one but I know I
know there's one in the game it's gone
simple marine sex I'm got a stupid
Stegosaurus is it oh you don't have that
guy what guy yet I'm sure I have not
been playing this as much as you have
I've been playing it a bit I've been
playing just a bit what guy do you have
I got a guy oh there I found some extra
guys what do they do there's a there's
another shopkeeper huh but he's like a
he's like a come check out this stuff in
the back of my van the chef's keeper so
like all of his stuff is like discounted
but it's not the it's not the highest
quality but it's fun oh there anything
in buying that you can start with that
would be nice what do you mean like a
like an ak-47 and once you go down and
the dungeon you start oh that would be
nice I don't know about that I would
like that shoot draws left trigger
realize that just changing it for my use
use item his right button I like that
map
and everything else should be the same
great great and to the gungeon there's a
weird thing I've been playing it it is
available on the Mac but for some reason
as soon as I get out of every elevator
it starts firing the gun automatically
won't stop and so then I have to just
press the trigger button and it stops
and it works fine for the rest of the
game until I go down the next elevator
and then it starts firing the gun again
that sounds annoying how do we change
that
yes it's very annoying he did it needs
to be done turn to a little bit more you
think yeah it's very annoying only and
it's it's especially annoying when um
there we go it's especially knowing when
I forget to do it and you know like I
have a good gun and limited bullets yeah
well you never remember to switch to the
infinite exactly before but you know
then you just get done with the boss
battle and you you're all high on life
and you're not thinking of shit yeah bad
yep carnot man says Jack yes with all
the enter the gungeon you've been
playing yes have you had time to buy
eggs I need to buy eggs tonight remind
me this is very important I need to go
to the grocery store are you are you
kidding or not this is not a joke I'm
going to the grocery store after the
stream I need eggs plus many vegetable
things
eggs and vegetables now we have to
remind you to get your vegetables to
even dodge roll all right I die you know
what I'm just not you need to fuck up my
controls I did fuck up your controls
already oh yard hit right I just was I
just was not mentally prepared
I was not uh I wasn't in it so I have to
take that hit I love I lose my armor
already I gotta take that hit this is
too loud to talk over hold on I only
turned out a little tiny bit you didn't
you know what I like the soundtrack I
like the whole soundtrack it's fair it's
rockin like the titles the main thing
when I get in there
and to the gungeon to the gungeon Lukas
Chester you know a log I hate that log
what's the long do it's a it's a decoy
no it's a decoy log but you know what
they don't they don't seem to follow it
hmm oh did we try the new compressor
setup oh yes we did we sure did and
their work worked like ass we're getting
anything right huh we weren't getting
anything oh yeah we weren't getting
anything apparently the the cloud lifter
would not talk to the compressor which
it just means there's probably something
wrong with the compressors so I returned
to the compressor and shit not killing
it can't talk and play game it's hard to
talk and play game I know it is nobody
realizes that we're just bad at games
we are very mean also though we're bet
we're bad at games oh shit that guy came
there's a guy that steals your shit no
yeah I hate him and you have to scare
him off oh that works yeah you can scare
him off and then it stays but uh I
forgot to go into the other room to
scare mom no and you know something
really weird
hmm yeah I want to tell their good story
about what happened with our compressor
yeah yeah so you know we we hook up the
compressor to the cloud lifter after the
last treatment because you know we're
gonna be on top of this we're gonna take
care of this off stream so we're ready
to go next trip yeah yeah super on top
of it and we start messing around with
the settings and nothing's really
working and all of the sudden there are
ants crawling all over the compressor
and we say oh that's funny I mean and
the compressor does spend time on just
the compressor but just the compressor
and it you know it spent some time on
the floor and so what we were thinking
oh no there's ants there's ants in the
in the streaming room that's terrible
and we start looking around the floor no
ants no ants no ants on the table no
answer anywhere else but on the
compressor I think you bought a
compressor full of a half I think that's
where the hiss was coming from I think
there was a column there's an ant colony
in the
presser this is the first time I've
gotten this oh yeah I've never seen him
before either what the heck
talk to him well yeah I just just want
to take a look yeah a shootie game the
audio is too sweet sounding they say
break the targets win a prize simple
game of skill yeah you'd have to break
the targets in a certain number of shots
each shot will ricochet a few times
before finishing break more targets to
get better or can I rate commander says
it's not a bug it's a feature oh okay
well if I can get 25 coins it's what if
I have golden bullets I can play this
game
okay definitely gonna do that so you
fail to give a tweet the bullets
party died well before then right oh oh
oh my god I roll this is not your match
well you know I'm getting there he had
no warming up he just went right into it
I was I what you know what I was playing
earlier so I should be willing to have
fun who is your favorite gun jr. and why
um you know right now I've been playing
mostly just the standard soldier just
cuz he's he's easy I do what makes him
easy we should talk about these things
oh sure so he his his bonus that he
starts with is he gets an aim and reload
bones he has a name bonus too yeah okay
and so you know he's just a little
easier to deal with and his gun reloads
a little faster he also starts with a
piece of armor yeah
we rich that big deal I mean it's an
extra hit and when you only have six
hits that he has seven hits you know
yeah and that helps I do also really
like I had a couple I had a couple of
really good runs with the lady with the
crossbow yeah just because like the
crossbow really makes you settle down
and like one shot one kill
so you get swarmed one shot one cone see
it gets warm then you're fucked and her
doggy gives me treats and I like it I
like it when the doggy gives me treats
what
you do attack me you can dig up prizes
in the room okay so he digs up things
you wouldn't be able to find normally
yeah he has a random chance of giving
you like a hard piece okay ammo box or
something
okay so I've mostly been playing like
hyper light drifter not Frank
particularly grand reasons not like I
don't like this there's just too much
shed sure that is very true there's just
too much shit yeah what was that
well air it off a blank oh shit oh your
blank is different that's right
I did not yeah I have it set to be I
actually turned off the dual button ones
because sure they set off all the time
so you might want to change that too I
can get used to that you know what
actually that's my big problem right now
is I'm still an isaac mode and so I am
not used to the items or the blanks
alright or reloading oh yeah you know
what I would like this game a lot more
without reloading you know it's it's
just one of those things where I want to
upgrade my gun and want that gun to stay
permanently I don't worry about fucking
ammo I got some really great guns that
don't have loads it's just like I said
well account it's like oh it was great I
got the proton pack once and all I can
say is proton pack for life that is the
greatest gun in the gungeon the proton
pack this game's gonna get sued you
think I have the other day I never got
to fire I died before I really got a
chance to use it I got Decker's gun from
Blade Runner
that is awesome yeah I think I think if
they did get sued they would love that
because it would be free publicity for
them earthworm jims gun is something you
can find the proton pack yo the the Ness
zapper oh there's an S which is pretty
awesome
dude guys hey hey hey Sal donggu guys I
died one of those GRU guys once it made
me feel like shit first of it well
they're annoying in small spaces there
that happens oh it's a book it's a book
in the library the NES ever does
something really funny where it shoots
like six bullets and then after you
shoot six bullets it shoots out a duck
hunt bird and the duck hunt bird attacks
the people for a little bit it's pretty
funny
leftover beefcake since you guys
interview the developer of stardew
valley to find out why he has an anti
bald agenda failing that how about a
director's cut of that episode that
includes the wife conversation I
specifically took out that wife
conversation to make fun of all of you
who call who asked us about waifu's I'm
never gonna call it that no no you
shouldn't
that's a stupid words a stupid word it's
somebody in the chat asked me what I
hate today I hate the word way food yep
as you should it's a stupid stupid word
okay
that key mostly just I like Leia Jack
likes penny and Haley's a bitch
Haley's a baby bitch this chest is
closer Haley's a bitch you know I also
like marui oh no the other chest was a
better color I think if we determined
the color means anything nope there I
mean there are big chests like there's
like that yeah I'm assuming those are
better there's a big red one and I also
came across a giant black chest but blue
or green I think Browns the worst I feel
like look this looks a little more
ornate okay other than the plain old
brown yeah I'm gonna assume stupid shit
I think it doesn't seem to make a
difference I'll take it I'll take it
Nana says stream Dark Souls 3 it's not
free you fucks it is someone gifted that
to us so we we are actually going to do
a first 4 hours of Dark Souls 3 so we
are not streaming it tonight because
we're filming that later do you have a
computer that can handle it nope nope
nope but we have it I'm gonna give it to
you as well okay okay okay
oh shit you have to bounce oh I should
go through oh okay wow that was almost
cool you can have this yep get out of
here dick I scared him off Mitch doesn't
like Dark Souls 3 where are you pulling
this shit out of your ass from that's
true you guys it's very true rich does
not like dark souls 3 he told me already
he's been secretly playing it and he
told me he does not like it
he is the Harnish first boss he is he is
I actually like just my last playthrough
I defeated him with the stock gun which
I felt really happy about
Oh links yonder yeah nurses why don't
either of you assholes love Abigail why
so racist against Abigail's one way
which one's Abigail the purple haired
woman oh that's why I meant not meru
abigail is who I liked Bruce Bochy is
second for me I like science she liked
science peruse that Maru is the daughter
and Abigail's the one that ability well
there are all daughters everybody is
either a son or a daughter Jamie Muro is
is Robin's daughter abigail is just kind
of boring she's not horrible she's just
kind of there she'll play video games
yeah
you'll play video games you did you play
the video game at all we didn't get into
that but no Leia we started an art show
it was kind of neat did you play the
video game it's a twin stick shooter you
can play it in Barb any take a lot yeah
okay Liam Marui kind of an abigail penny
tie and then Haley because she's a bitch
it's penny number one obviously and then
Abigail then Maru pays a fine upstanding
person she's such a sad-sack penny will
just spend all day snuggling and reading
books with you in the library and all
day looking sad that's reading a sad
book it's nice to see you know about the
bailout gladly be Penny's friend she's a
sad sack and you could make her life
better that's that's your that's your
pilot Leia smile she has a she has a
zest for life she's an artist she's
gonna bring nothing to the relationship
she's she's fucking sells art she's
bringing money in teachers don't make
jack shit
fucking ghosts nice nice
I think they'll have the biggest boobs
and then you probably want a li well you
know what you got to work for it cuz she
only likes diamonds what fuck what the
oh oh that concept there there was one
heightened rich there was one hiding in
the corner yeah I didn't see him broke
my armor an orange table tech range
interesting interesting don't starve is
on my list of things to play I do I do
want to try Dawnstar
this is a great song
where we think of the guys though I'm
not gay I didn't pursue any of the guys
I also did not pursue anything guys so I
can't tell you there was that one I
thought was a girl cuz he had long
luxurious hair really well you know you
just see him you just see him in the
little a little thing right and you're
like the distance you see him in the
small pixel you're like oh I'll go talk
to that lady oh it's a guy so I did not
pursue any of the dudes I did try to be
friends with murrow's dad did you get
the whole bruise dad telling you not to
not to get what jerk what a dickhead
stay away from my daughter she's gonna
she's got important things to do with
her life exactly and I'm just like oh oh
mister man so sorry mister man living in
a small town whose wife does all the
work just sayin just sayin Robyn's here
building something what are you doing
what are you doing here with your life
what does he do what happens if you
don't socialize and started nothing you
can farm all day if you want yeah you
don't have much is there for you to do
or not do you don't have to socialize at
all you uh if you if you want to just
farm all day like the the benefits of
socializing is like you get stuff
sometimes you know like they'll give you
recipes or they'll give you they'll just
give you things but nice you can say
fuck it if you want
nice nice no you don't have to do
anything in starter Valley uh you know
we uh you don't have to farm you don't
have to eat there's no there's no like
life bar there's no it's it's you could
walk around in circles all day you could
fish all day I did several days I just
fished like fuck the farm would you
really would you really want to walk
around in circles all day it's oh wait
you like Firewatch oh and by the way a
comment I've been seeing on the YouTube
page I I won I was not aware that you
could turn the dirt back into ground if
you use the pickaxe I didn't want to say
anything but but here's the thing that
that wouldn't change my point in my joke
which is it was a very mundane thing
that made me very excited in the game
mmm so the fact that I could have done
it fast does not change the joke or my
excitement yonder yonder says how much
for rich Evan sing and dance I'm all
about that tip to the beat of that
horrible Trainor song obviously I'll
rewrite all the lyrics for you for a
full three minutes song and dance not
happening not happening a grenade
launcher bout bouncer
mustard lover says have you considered
doing the weekend stream on a Saturday
instead of a Sunday also as a Star Trek
fan out of a Star Trek fans has any of
you ever tried the Star Trek MMO Star
Trek Online I'm not an MMO person so I
have not tried it ditto
Joshua saucier says rich do you ever
play baldur's gate any opinion on that
style of Western RPG have not played it
I have no real opinion I know I think
that's Bioware so I might be good
Bioware beforebefore EA it's probably
good the knife shield is a shield made
of blasphemous knives
be wary of using it as it's believed to
bring upon the anger of the jammed yeah
you try it what happens
I had much I think I'd rather have BMO I
got a I got a grenade launcher only the
ammo get out of here hey Jack how far
have you gotten in this to the fourth
level fourth I've gotten to the fourth
level and I got pretty far in the fourth
levels but I was actually and and I I
ran in system some enemies that I was
not mentally prepared for but I did get
down to the fourth level which I'm very
excited about table tech range I guess
we should see what that is right oh no
briefly increases damage whenever a
table is flipped I like that and I'm not
big on mmo's I don't want to socialize
with my gaming it's not why I game I
want the opposite of socializing with my
games get together with people no no no
not a masseuse if rich feels up to it
could eat real wine so I can use it for
a video you've reached the voice mailbox
of your worthless pathetic life if you
leave a message I'll try my best to
admire and let me see if I can do this
okay you've reached the voice mailbox of
your worthless pathetic life if you
leave a message I'll try my best to
ignore it well okay not ok sleepier
you've reached the voice you've reached
the voice mailbox of your worthless
pathetic life if you leave my you've
reached you can do it I can you've
reached the voice mailbox of your
worthless pathetic life if you leave a
message don't try my best to ignore it
that's pretty good yeah
rich how much to get you to finish
streaming Last of Us uh-huh yeah rich
hmm
that's probably gonna be multiple
streams whoa to finish the whole game
and unless I said finish war a thousand
Haji I was enjoying it
you weren't no not really wasn't the
worst nap spring that well the worst
thing I've ever done but I was bored
sure a G to finish the last of us G live
on stream man as a hefty price hold on
we have to here's here's why the here's
why you need the the site V the silencer
or the the blank to be these things so I
can accidentally hit them well here's
why I here's why I need them to be these
things which is uh you need them you
need to be able to press it without
letting go of the aim and move yeah so I
am uh I am going back those ticks down I
probably make it one of the triggers
like left trigger change map to
something else oh yeah you know what you
never you never need a quick map right
you know yeah okay so now I have the
blank I got the crossbow that's
something I can sell for one G you got
to do it in one sitting I don't know how
much game there is left or how long it
will take me I would I would promise at
least four hours at a time until it's
done for a one g donation
when I got like 20 hours left ya know
fuck that shit
you've little just make the next like
week worth of streams miserable for
every shit wait oh shit
shit I said one tip I'm not doing this
piecemeal y'all want to pitch together
to box you you will you will do that
shit
I've not seen the Doctor Strange trailer
be prepared to be underway maybe it's
just because I don't know
yonder yonder now that doesn't count and
you know it his message is just the
letter G 1 G right yep nope nope
smartass yep
it's you know maybe like I remember
seeing Ironman trailers early Ironman
trailers and just going so because I
didn't care about Ironman
Benedict Cumberbatch is a fine actor mmm
I like dr. strange yeah I don't love
that much I don't I don't care enough
about dr. cranky to be excited about the
trailer is what I guess what I'm saying
like okay yeah he's doing an American
accent which is strange Steve Ditko drew
some weird trippy shit which is really
fucking odd considering Steve Ditko is
just like the most uptight conservative
person who ever lived all of those guys
how much to finish undertale because
apparently we didn't finish it enough
i thinkand you have no interest in that
Undertown I don't care I leave it up to
you Ritchie
I mean they look whooping yeah we play
stuff it's fine people have been asking
I know this shit I know I mean we beat
the last boss feels pretty finished
there you know I know there's extra
ending you can get you didn't you didn't
be beat this yeah yeah yeah that's up to
you right so I'll leave that to your
discretion
Boston's season 2 of dirt of liking it
so far
I still haven't got into it I got like
like four games I want to play and like
two TV shows I wanna watch yep
so what there's a lot competing for my
free time right now Oh we'll get into
the daredevil thing I I mean just just
for me okay I like a lot of it as we get
towards the end and this is not this is
not a spoiler but I will just say in
general I've always hated when they
turned Matt Murdock into a devout
Catholic mmm it always bugged me yeah it
fits it's fine it's always bugged me and
there there is um why is it bug you just
because there's there's always weird
shit that happens in the Marvel Universe
so why would anybody be Ken looking that
like a house guardian exactly you know
they did that and you know they did that
in 2099 one that like Thor and and
NASCAR head of religion in the marvel
future 2099 that's great yeah I mean for
me right now there's there's good
there's enter the gungeon yeah hyper
light drifter stardew valley I want to
play Dark Souls 3 you know then the
daredevil show and I've been watching
the boat Jack horsemen which I'm finding
entertaining so there's a lot there's a
lot of competing for my entertainment
time
yeah yeah yeah
as as it happens as it happens
I enjoyed a lot of it daredevil season 2
some parts oh fuck
some parts I didn't enjoy Nitra I'm
enjoying a lecturer eyes fine it's great
what don't you like about electro if
they've unless involved spoilers I might
involves well ok so I I won't terribly
get into it going young queuing
do you get health insurance for working
at our leverage would you would you also
like my social security number and bank
information so many people get creepy
man tree to dress please if you've been
eating well it's cool now be sure to
bundle up quiz on ik 1 says I had a
dream sequel to pixels I oh I had a
dream sequel no he just phrased it this
way that's fine I had a dream sequence
to pixels was made called polygons and
rich and Jack were the stars who had to
stop the aliens as they had the highest
scores and XCOM my question for it or
against it against it because with Jack
I we'd be doomed we'd be absolutely
fucking doomed oh that's right look when
you take the best you can find up with
the worst you get mediocrity I'm sorry
now if we're talking about enter the
gungeon it's the opposite story
anonymous says how much first skyrim he
makes the next event clowns stunts they
all think we're just we're just whores
you have to pull the sell out oh I am
sorry if you're not how much for a
skyrim stream you enjoyed the open world
of Dragon's Dogma then you'll love with
Skyrim has to offer both gameplay and
story wise
I know maybe I don't know I don't like I
can't eat sea pigs in waters plate dude
watch I'm drowning stuff you're drowning
in stuff yeah
nice use a blank get a blank now I need
a key check and Richmond hates Skyrim
why would we hate it because I've never
come out with any particular opinion on
Skyrim I think originally my position
was melee has never worked in the first
person but then somebody told me that
you can you could play at third so I
don't I don't know I don't know so now
your official stance is out oh yeah
that's my official standard people
people to save Rob Vader 12 says hey
rich what was the last time you visited
the dentist boxers or briefs what's your
mother's maiden name uh-huh I still
haven't figured out what to put on the
altar I think it might be those
necklaces that you can get you know
those necklaces that do shit mm-hmm I
think that's what you put in the altar
but I don't know did I get a key I did
not get a key people are telling about
first-person melee games that work great
oh no I've never enjoyed it I hear good
things about a chivalry you heard of
that chivalry it's like a first-person
sword fighting mm-hmm combat - game hey
I know I know it's all the kids are into
it it's all the rage thief had sword
fighting but if you're getting into
sword fights you were doing it wrong
alright not killing it here then might
be able to be them I have one hit to be
the holster
you can kill almost anyone in Skyrim
except the children and important NPCs
well you can't kill the children what's
the fucking point children are the first
NPCs I want to murder children are
annoying Sara Shenzhen's
random question of the day hey rich you
fall over from comic effect a lot
does it hurt doing that so much now did
you fall right I don't throw myself on
the ground
nice job I did that before sex I don't
throw myself on the ground like all my
force
you don't actually fall practice fuck
yeah I'm kind of a collapsing controlled
fall a lot of times if you don't see the
floor there's usually like I don't let
myself land face first life fair rich
don't let yourself laying face-first
like we did the the witness secret
ending mm-hm and you know when I fell
down the stairs a lot of that was
exaggerated head movements because I
knew I had a camera mounted in my head
and if I was swiveled my neck around a
lot it would look a lot more violent
than it really was
yeah that that look I did there was no
effects or editing work yeah on that's
there just at the very very end when
after you hit the bottom there's a cut
but at that in the actual stair fall
there was no post work that was all rich
Evans most of my way down the stairs was
just kind of like kind of lying down and
crawling down see ya let's give the
convict a try that take was pretty good
as he only tink that was no is the only
thing oh no no technically that was the
second take well I never even got off
the couch though right in the first take
oh we can buy some stuff
hot lad rich this is your game what do
you want here
I'm pick whatever I learn more you know
what's good you've been playing I got
the flash right I'm kind of disappointed
yeah it's it looks like one of those old
like 50s sci-fi big blimp looking
blasters yeah it's kind of weak heart
lock it sounds like a health thing oh
yeah
that's a good one we'll get that one who
provided the yeren food coloring oh yeah
you want to hit that I went yeah
ejected I got the food coloring all
right let's do this let's do this
oh fuck fuck fuck rich what happened huh
what happened oh um I hit the wrong
button
no well you're early you could just
restart I just wasted a blank you like
you just returned
your ability to simulate the color of
urine was very effective well your
naturally comes in varying colors I
think it's what's been like home how
strenuous you've been right
no I'm serious the more you've been
moving not how strenuous is running and
working on and how much water yeah well
okay good that might be a factor too but
that's a huge factor it's like oh like a
life is like a waste product just your
muscles working I believe right and that
makes it darker ah could be I believe
that's the case well you know it's it's
all about dehydration if you're if
you're moving around and your muscles
are working more you're using more water
in your body mm-hmm so it's it's just
about how how much water you intake shut
gun to the face call me the shotgun
specialist call me the shotgun special
bitch
everybody thank you everybody nope
nobody not did I scare away my guy long
enough what do I need to know when
recording my own best of the worst like
webisode with my friends you need to
know don't rip us off you fuck you come
we'll come get you
you want me to give you advice to steal
our show is that really what you're
asking me how do we do what you do it
and steal your thunder I can give you no
advice
you know try to talk a lot it's uh it's
hard to talk over movies um I'm sure the
next stream will probably be Dark Souls
3 would be my guess
probably we we won't be streaming on
Sunday oh because we're filming that
other thing okay I got changed last I
heard of a Saturday we talked about it
we talked about it last week Saturday at
my place is that the last you heard that
maybe I don't remember you talking about
what day it was gonna be remember
talking to people I guess I just changed
it's Sunday
okay that's fine heads up that's fine
all right doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo
would you one would you want to do a
make up straight words you know I know
maybe you know we should strike I do
want a string since ourselves we should
okay yeah we'll do make it ring okay
ones you well you know when you're free
I'll top you just off the top of your
head I know you might not know off the
top of your head so okay well we'll get
we'll get back to you chat but it we've
so no stream Sunday and I thought sweden
know that fuck you any thoughts on Ben
Affleck becoming the director of his own
and next Batman his official official WB
Ben Affleck directing a standalone but
man I have I have no strong opinion on
him directing it I like him as Batman
and I'm I'm excited I'm so excited about
a fat man's soul yeah
you I think both of us are decidedly pro
affleck batman yeah and if he's
directing it you know there's gonna be a
lot of Batman in it I say he isn't ego
I'm saying he has an ego that was the
joke Richard I'm failing as this lady
won't let you know that you can tell as
much as you would like good because I am
ah shit I am
well what movie did he direct he didn't
he direct that um I honestly don't
recall upside my head that like one
where he was the the they had to sneak
the hostages out and so they tried to he
was like a film producer who directed
Good Will Hunting not them they wrote it
they just they just wrote that what
anonymous says check stop judging games
by their names and play soul sacrifice
Delta already having a Vita and not
playing that game as straight up is a
straight up crime it's like buying a ps4
and not playing blood-borne well way to
tell other people what games they ought
to be playing soul sacrifice Delta does
sound like a dumb name I think that
doesn't mean it's bad no that does not
mean it's bad but it does sound like a
dumb game
I will do my best to stop judging games
by their name but in my defense you know
you kinda have to judge the book by its
cover or else how will you know you have
to play everything that ever comes out
play every game and watch every movie
and every TV show every single episode
because even if the first 34 episodes if
a TV show are bad maybe it gets good how
do you know until you watch it you're
absolutely right
come on pull dicks bullet dick ghost
dick ghost dick suck it boom so I was
thinking about Batman vs Superman Batman
vs Superman and and Batman vs Superman
hype in the house and jerk ass Superman
and jerk ass suit right yeah I'm trying
to be fair okay he saves some people he
really does he does yeah they have a
montage there's a montage well there's
the space capsule
yeah which presumably there are people
and so he saves people in the space
capsule yep
he's dragging a boat or what's the deal
with that the boat he's got like a boat
for the anchor oh yeah I think they're
like stuck in the ice and the Arctic or
something yeah yeah I saved them he
saves the little Mexican girl and this
it's not clear if he's actually saving
somebody there's people and like a roof
during a flood with a Superman s in the
rise and then he's hovering menacingly
above them but they're like reaching out
and they like to help and then he does
leave the party to save the fire girl
yeah so this is this technically is a
Superman who saves people why doesn't it
work why do we watch this movie and
there are a few instances of him
reaching out and why does it fall
completely fact flat where you can watch
the movie and and think he's a jerk ask
who doesn't save anybody because that's
not what Zack Snyder focuses on and so
exact center focuses on Superman's
torment and the overall tone of the
movie is glum and so even though
Superman does all of these things
they're all in like slow motion with
like almost demonic music playing behind
them right yeah and so that's not the
focus and so like in a in a better
Superman movie Superman would just the
way Superman carried himself would be
that of a hero oh good right I just
wanted to go back there for the sake of
fairness absolutely
absolutely tone-tone is really important
in your movie you know what kind of
movie you want to make
okay um folks yeah bouncing erm mustard
lover says if you played any games like
that like certain bad movies where where
they're so bad they're good if not you
think I so bad it's good game is even
possible yeah because the time
investment I don't know like a movie you
always know is gonna be over in a couple
huh
I've never played big rigs off the road
racing but that looks amusingly bad so
that's something I've gone out of my way
to do though right play bad games like
bad rats is miserable experience it
wasn't it wasn't funny because it was
bad it was just a miserable experience
HAP's 78 says is jaws the greatest
Spielberg film of all time while it is
what are your thoughts enough sorry it's
fine what are your thoughts on his next
greatest Close Encounters of the Third
Kind all of these classic films aren't
cherished enough these days you know
what no one taught everyone talks about
jaws so so get off that I whores jaws is
referenced more than any other modern
classic Raiders huh I gotta get spill
very Raiders great Raiders comes first
in my block yeah but that was like a
that was like a I don't give a shit okay
so Jones gets all the respects close
encounters really needs to get more
respect close encounters is brilliant
what about movies he produced were it
was kind of obvious he had a strong hand
in it example like like poltergeist oh
yeah we're supposedly in large parts of
that movie he ghost directed or gremlins
really I ain't produced it I don't know
gremlins is very Spielberg in yeah yeah
it feels like a Spielberg movie yeah
yeah yeah
okay okay my name is Tate says so what
time I was first close encounters it's
fine it's not my favorite Spielberg
movie I think think it's my second
favorite that's a good movie okay
my name is tape says so what time did
you guys say you're streaming on
Saturday we did not say that no we're
not streaming we don't know when we're
making doing a makeups for definitely
movie Saturday maybe Friday night yep
quite possibly Friday night we're gonna
shoot something Friday oh yeah that
makes sense okay I guess it depends on
how late we go Friday oh you said you
weren't free told oh yeah so not Friday
that's right
so maybe Monday maybe Monday every
Monday okay well there be a tweet it'll
be a tweet me it's rough playing Monday
this would be great even though it's not
gonna happen might happen do you guys
watch did you do you guys watch better
call Saul can you add co-op Raymond to
the list of games don't need the Wii U
version
co-op what co-op Raymond Oh Raymond
Raymond's what I've never played right
yeah the Raymond bond the wee ones is
that um are you talking about Rayman
Origins
Rayman Origins is a great platformer
really fun game they had a the head of
this thing
the trash can enrich okay oh it's like a
flak cannon basically head-wound our
mrs. Jack what Ridge what if you had
your druthers what would you guys want
to write and/or direct a movie about
your life anyone living or dead also the
movie can be based on true events for
shits I don't know what a movie needs to
be made about my life it's not that
interesting they just kind of pathetic
yeah yeah very sad story maybe Warner
Hertzog just to give it a death yeah
Werner Herzog Jack you know yeah all I
would want it to be is a movie that I
would watch so give it to give it to
Charlie Kaufman yeah and just let him go
nuts with it let him know let him do an
adaptation let him let him go nuts with
it yonder yonder says I have the perfect
potential it's so bad it's good game for
you it takes under an hour I spent two
whole minutes trying to find out how to
send you guys Steam games but gave up
because I'm lazy so previously recorded
under score life what's the email
address it's at it's the email that you
send us games to is prereq at red letter
media calm its Frank got updated oh yeah
yeah it's prereq red letter media prereq
at red letter media calm yeah all right
send us the games there if you so choose
none of this your Steam games will get
you can get to us that way yeah yeah boy
who garbage okay so here's the thing
about the garbage gun right yeah the
garbage gun is more powerful the more
junk you have on you and how to get junk
you
chests oh oh it didn't give me junk
finally gave me ample nice to be you
oh yeah here I was here I thought I was
gonna be so clever like oh I got this
game I'm I'm on video game yeah if you
have the email address you don't need to
be our steam friends that's right you
can just email it to us and we will
accept it and take it pre-record red
letter media dot-com yep yep boy ye yeah
I want to try this game again huh Cantus
I got three out of four you only get
four shots you got to be a hundred
percent it's not good enough what do I
get it's not good you blow it up can I
blow this one up you try trash I got the
junk that could have been a cool gun but
I got they do heard about a really cool
junk but I got a junk gun rich how am I
not gonna use my junk gun how much ammo
does the junk on get it only gets 50 so
it has to be powerful yeah
taking the chest huh should've taken the
chest you like but now I have one junk
rich so it's gonna be even more powerful
look at this thing it's gotta be a
powerful gun it's gotta be it's gonna be
fine
oh my god
which it's gonna be fine this is how I'm
playing the game
what's your gifted games - played games
ratio Oh God we have I mean both of our
steam accounts are yeah yeah our nuts we
are we are definitely more likely to
play a game if we have it I never gotten
a lot I'm appreciative but there's just
no time
is it doesn't seem worth it at all I've
only shot like three times
you know what I just need more junk race
oh and you missed with it oh my god
no Breen says hey guys thanks for
streaming I really appreciate it
here are some beer money also I look
forward to ultimate chicken horse that's
true wee-wee that's on the that's on the
list but for only a thousand dollars
I'll play through the rest of the last
of us instead yeah no one seems to be
biting on that one
weird yeah not my best outing not my
best to hovering at all no no oh yeah
it's your Scheels huh oh you have a
Nintendo zapper yeah it's pretty cool
for the light gun the duct gun spinning
twirling twirling twirling totes flaming
the flame in the flood looks good that
looked interesting if we give you $1000
will you give us your social security
number if I give you my social security
number you'll you'll take $1,000 in like
credit applications
oh so it's the problem I don't
understand the premise you know that is
rent which win/win that's a win-win
right there purple sludge boy says rich
every watch the TNG two-parter
birthright I kept thinking about your
views on culture what are your thoughts
on Wharf ruining that peaceful peaceful
society which should he Klingon
tradition yeah Klingon tradition is
stupid it's really stupid fuck
ideologies you have to behave like a
good warrior
fuck you Worf
one of the Klingons ever done but nearly
destroy themselves
go get them duck
back
same with the Cardassian rich sure but
the question was about the Klingons what
I can't I can't talk about one stupid
fictional alien species about talking
about all of them
don't be specious you know I don't care
what you say Jack I'm just never gonna
like those damn boards those Barb's it
was stupid stupid neck parasite aliens
from that one episode of TNG first
season
yeah if so-called conspiracy
well then alien parasite would look like
somebody's head and then still be
sticking out of their neck oh yeah yeah
yeah those aliens that we're so exciting
they only showed up once yep yeah I got
to junk now rich I mean I'm gonna die
but I got to junk that's right we should
build a wall to keep the Borg's out
Varya r-77 says hey guys just expressing
my my appreciation for the entertainment
you give us and white-hot rage you
haven't played the baldur's gate that I
gifted you you hack frauds yep I can't
of course keep it up thank you for
giving thanks for the give it's a
appreciate it there's 70,000 games
who would make a better president a card
or Janeway the card would make a better
president but Janeway is the kind of
president we'd end up with it's sad
because it's true yeah it's sad because
it's true a hypocrite and a flip-flopper
it's true you know this about James
Janeway she's a flip-flopper oh oh it's
it's whatever suits her needs today
absolutely prime directive mother
flippin motherfucker yon Dioner says
instead of a wall you should build a
ward to keep the Borges in that's a
callback award for ward
oh yeah and you and J we're talking
about that I don't know much about it
the board ward is a is a local music
venue it's gone now he's gone okay it is
no longer a local she's lost from rushed
apparently actually washed washed from
DuckTales yeah so hey guys what are your
picks for the best single season and
television I've been rewatching the wire
and my vote is for its fourth season
well I always think about what is the
best particular season of any show on
television all the time and I have this
picked out ahead of time now I have no
idea of no idea no how do you compare
like like the best season of like like
Roseanne as compared to the best season
of TNG how do you compare something
ladies like season seven of Roseanne I
think they really nail those characters
but Budd season three of TNG all the
spaceships looks great I think you
picked the shitty C's numbers and so I
don't know what I think you picked a lot
of Reese's did it did you pick the
lottery season of Roseanne Roseanne even
go seven seasons yes I think it did Jack
that's how much I think you pick the
season without without fucking Dan not
John Goodman oh yeah yep it's gonna call
him by as a show named Dan but no no
that that's not right that's not right
at all not I'm so speaking of games do
you plan playing rocket league again any
time soon they're about to add
basketball damn fuck my LOL cock I
haven't played it lately driving I also
have not played it lately nothing
against Rockley Oh oops there's just too
many things can't go backwards always
looking forward always looking forward
we played that a lot on stream and
unless you're playing with us I'm not
sure how entertaining it is to watch
yeah we don't talk much while we're
playing rocket slaying rocket League
rocket rocket league requires an immense
amount of concentration nope I took a
gamble it didn't pass I had no idea you
enjoyed Roseanne you have a favorite
episode or aren't not off the top of my
head is about long it's been a damn long
time since I've seen those in but I
watch it a lot when it was when I was
airing nude
no I don't I don't think I've seen it in
reruns I don't think I've seen it the
sense it was new but it was new I
watched it all the time nonetheless
cannot the last few two or three seasons
then yeah I got weird Roseanne Roseanne
got too famous to be funny anymore
once the once the the stink of Tom
Arnold got on that show Tom Arnold steak
can't wash that off cannot wash that off
how many shows is that man murdered rich
how old are you I'm very old
he watched Roseanne when it was on TV
originally oh man
what do I think of her goal I don't he's
a he's a stock nerd stereotype and I
find him offensive as a nerd I find
highly offensive it was a different time
you know right the stock nerd like the
stock jock or the stock cheerleader
they're just so fucking lazy yep I agree
I mean I agree should not have button
then I regret my purchase immediately
Thanks nice I regret my purchase of the
of the half-heart because you can always
there's always a possibility of picking
up items in room and I had plenty of
hearts just to kind of fart around for a
little bit I've already lost it so I
guess I needed it but boomerang usually
comes back boomerangs predate gun
technology but can still be useful in a
pinch Jack any advice for someone whose
legs are feeling a little cramped up oh
my god I didn't put on my timer it has
been an hour and a half people stand the
fuck up shit jib jib um Jesus I'll be
back in a second this is exactly the
problem with the gungeon this is how you
know it's a good game I wasn't even
thinking about standing up
oh boy
thank you so many so many lives were
just saved you're absolutely right
somewhere we just we just helped we just
helped millions of people millions of
people were just helped all right the
new timer has started leftover beefcake
needs to build in a stand up timer into
the Twatter now absolutely no or I can
just remember to set my own damn timer
because oh yeah yeah okay
all right usually comes back all right I
have my boomerang
I need a new gun here's what I need you
got the stock pistol here
no no I did not I started playing it to
the cunzhen again rich I kind of love
this game I can tell it I'm not
surprised I can't imagine anybody is
surprised that I love this game
anonymous cells have what have you ever
ripped a nasty fart during a stream and
you guys act like nothing happened
shockingly actually shockingly this has
never happened not just during sure
neither during extreme or best of the
worst have any of us ever ripped the
nasty part because we're courteous would
recur Deus to each other play a fart
noises during the best of the worst
sometimes Oh should we're little farting
very little farting if it did happen
rich I would I would probably try to
pretend it didn't happen
yeah Plus no the only same thing to do
that's the polite thing good lessons
comically loud right
that'd be like the question like that
would be going through my head is like
did they hear that is if they heard it
you have to say yeah you have to
everyone be saved is a part which one of
them do you think farted it'd be like
the other thing it'd be like a fun game
you could play who farted I don't say
I'm drinking this this my Jones birthday
yeah birthday cake soda I really like
this stuff yeah
so what else sent in that pirates booty
snacks yeah you don't see me eating
those I don't want to eat in here yeah I
like those too
that was very nice for somebody I they
wanted to send you some nut free snack
and it's a nut free snack option I enjoy
and I think that's so kind of listen
this this birthday cake sodas just the
best I only got like like four of these
level saver and I just gotta save room
that's the thing every I haven't taken
any of these home these rena wall beers
that someone just because it's like oh
it's a nice treat for when i get into
the studio then there's that
what's the blue ones not bad of the SoDo
I forgot what a flavor was huh
anyone remember what level is pretty
good not that big on the melon I'm not a
melon guys mmm was an orange one there's
a melon one orange in soda not the
flavor orange is the color it's it's
never done good things no matter what
flavor it is I don't think I've ever had
orange colored soda that I've enjoyed
regular shotgun
Curnutt man so Mike and Jay really drank
all those beer bottles on half of the
bag
do you guys recycle pin and street you
grew up on I won't answer those last two
but the the beer bottles are beers they
have drinkin and they've just
accumulated over time this be more and
then we cleaned out a lot of them at
some point there was this there was a
comically large amount of beer bottles
yeah I'm the best of the worst set but
then I have the MaxEnt those are all
beers that they have actually drunk on
set like they didn't bring those from
home
perhaps M&E; it says a long time it gave
me nightmares witnessing an injustice
like that it was a constant reminder of
how cool this world can be I can still
hear them laugh taunting him silly
rabbit tricks are for kids right right
yes yes work beers
work beers but y'all you'll always be
happy if if you turn something you love
into work and you can go oh yeah you
want a co-op yeah I just wanted like
just rest my fingers for a little bit
but I do find like I need to force
myself to stop playing after a while or
else I just will keep playing this game
I've got an issue I've gotten that out
I've gotten that a chance game with you
like several times and I've never gotten
it on my game yet that's something I've
never got this on my game and I've
gotten it twice I've never gotten it
yeah weird recruit more pimps for you
says I want to double down yesterday
that's truly a one-of-a-kind experience
I give it all the medals any other
recommendations for best of the worst
type films PS scene 10 Cloverfield Lane
yet buts well for our opinion another
best the worst films you could just
watch other and you'll know how we felt
about you know like there's a that's a
large catalog write it so let's uh let's
just go through what are something like
just off the top of your head that you I
mean Oh what was the elf elves
Oh elves was great was the robot one
wrote our oh god I hated roads or is a
special kind of hatred I hated that I
didn't enjoy watching
I hate watch the EVAs Miami connection
Oh
Deadly Prey Deadly Prey you need
absolutely Miami connection any any one
cab ocinski film anyone Kevin anyone any
any one film I keep seeing him I follow
him on Twitter and he keeps like posting
like almost ready for for the new movie
angel of reckoning and bla bla no it's
almost ready to be done it's like
obviously samurai cop samurai cop
samurai cop samurai cop yep I think
that's that's the go-to one where I'm
like if I have friends who are like hey
we're having a bad movie night what do
you recommend it's like samurai cop
that's that's that's the that's like the
it's just bad enough where people get it
but it's still coherent enough where you
can actually watch it you know somewhere
in the chest bringing up low blow blow
blow low blows good we got to watch the
sequel we ever track in town I know we
found out they made one oh that's right
no isn't it like an unofficial sequel
I'm not sure supposedly it's that guy
playing that character in a different
movie yep what was his name and then was
the one with that Oh blood that's blood
dad's beautiful movie beautiful movie
blood that's blood walk blood Locke is
part of those that rare breed of movie
that we watch or that we started to
watch it before best of the world yes
and you know just when we would get
together and watch bad movies so blood
lock definitely holds a special place in
my heart the chart of the jar is not
really super entertaining bad the charge
is bad bad
yeah the jar is not enjoyable bad we're
talking about movies that you you're
having fun bad movies you're having fun
while you're watching the Miami
connection Miami connection is
definitely bad you know they're they're
singing their playing Taekwondo they're
playing Taekwondo which is a real
no my yeah Miami connection that's the
one Wow
dick game your games sometimes you're
just not very nice chats mentioning
things oh I hate things hate things
really loves things things is another
one of those everyone else at rlm loves
for me it's another road tour oh god
it's like rotor I can understand but
things is incomprehensibly yeah yep
it's it's it's things in comprehensible
throughout yeah everything about things
is incomprehensible which is why like
Jay loves it because Jay is a nihilist
Jay just wants the world to burn and and
he thinks that if he if he makes things
popular the world will eat itself and
nice nice nice but you know watch
yourself in Miami connections you having
that you're having a bad movie night and
once you get in Miami connection and
samurai cop you'll be there the belle of
the ball
yep Anonymous's what's the story with
Jessie she's fine
telegin says rich can you read this
quote by Joseph Stalin goodbye Joseph
this is I'm assuming they're supposed to
be a space there goodbye my love and
with your death dies my last warm
feelings for Humanity I read it I was
waiting for there to be more but no just
that that's fine
goodbye love
this is why this is like Joseph Stalin
impression goodbye my love and with you
the last bits of my humanity
I have Joseph Stalin black I'm the great
leader of Russia was he the real leader
of Russia this is where I it's
embarrassing I don't know Joseph stoner
of Russia I like that I think we should
guy guy bust action in the chat epic
Jason X 9000 yes is asking us if we ever
played the canceled sequels Star Fox 2 I
got cancelled but I think the ROM bleeds
I have I'm curious to play it I mean I
mean I doubt it's gonna be better than
Star Fox 64 right because what it was
weird they worked on a Star Fox evil and
this popular Star Fox was it never got
released I don't know if a lot of the
concept 10 ended up in Star Fox 64 which
would be my assumption but I've heard
about it never actually played it
anonymous says how much this dream dance
dance revelution unit that's jack is I
will never play that on stream I have no
rhythm I can't dance and I don't like
the game and you know that's a tough one
because like you know we could stream it
but we wouldn't be able to
cut it up for YouTube videos later
because all the music I'm sure is copy
written if I get that $1,000 to stream
Star Fox 2 I'm just gonna make it a solo
stream and I'm gonna have the cam on me
and it's just gonna be like this
Otis dream last of us uh-huh like 10 or
20 hours and you just make sure not to
talk well I don't feel like it I'll just
make my face really big in the screen
nice nice rich get that hearts cuz my
heart will never hurt never hurts to
have heart you can play necrodancer on a
DDR pad I could but I wouldn't want to
and it's moving if I want to move around
I do chores so you play stardew valley
sick burn I felt pretty good about that
hold of your Bureau oh my got me a clink
for that
Oh Ritchie's gonna call that was does
good job good job I deserve that
I totally deserve that
it's a rumor about new tarts Star Trek
series suppose that's going to be a
seasonal anthology with the first season
being sit between undiscovered country
and T&G; well it's seasonal and followed
you mean every season it's gonna be a
different thing
Oh different characters different ship
or something I don't know about that I'm
okay with that that good because that
means they have to have an ending plan
yeah I don't know I won't I like
seasonal arcs I'd like them to have an
idea of where the series is going lardy
access looks like someone literally took
my advice of making a version of binding
of issac that isn't full of poop and
blood ah yeah oh shit run press the
wrong button I saw that but you lived I
lived but that was a sucky live yeah
it's basically binding of issac but
replace all the poop with guns
everything's guns who is a void shotgun
no I did not bother to find all of the
Riddler stuff in Arkham Knight I think I
just watch the cutscene on the youtubes
yeah you can't find it all that says too
much hey those games went nuts with the
Riddler shit right way too much to be
enjoyable but I hate I hate tedious
collective bobs and games and I'm glad
it's a trend that's more or less falling
away yeah yeah you don't see it you
don't see it around too much click the
1000 glowy pubs no put that fuck you in
your glory puffs
nothing worse than running all over
looking for like last two or three
things nothing worse in a game
mmm-hmm except what I think of something
worse but it's pretty pad the only thing
worse is is like is when you add the the
the Super Metroid element to it and then
it's like well now you have to go back
to that oh yeah yeah I have to go back
to that whatever cuz you can get into
this one tiny space to get all the
collectables oh it's super obnoxious so
you have to go through the whole game I
call that replay value motherfucker no
oh hell no what are you Oh a snowball er
I've had this one before
may contain rocks the snowball er will
put out fires in the fireplace but I
need to remember I need two keys to get
down that great
liam
uppppp
encephalo pathetic was laid in the
stream Oh No blaming time-warner he he
missed your beating the game
this is your second go-round yep doing
great yeah fucking awesome run that
first you missed you missed some and and
we talked about Star Wars for an hour
and a half and we tend then man you
didn't miss a beat and then after we
talked about Star Wars we talked about
the next plinky review mode it was gonna
be all about it was a heck of a time you
missed
fuck you
I love the shotgun and I never I never
want to die because I love the shotgun
so my fuck gonna die gonna thank gonna
day good night
this is one of the characters start with
the shotgun there's just that shotgun
this is the void shotgun and it's great
it's used it shoots tiny purple things
and they kill everything they touch the
void shotgun we need some hearts up in
here Oh a nice bomb can I afford you
have a heart half a fucking heart
skunky island podcast is making the
rounds now how do they come on they just
contact you ladies contacted me that was
an issue why not I've said this before I
will talk to anybody
everybody's gonna be making a fake
podcast just so they can talk to us
that's fine that's what's gonna happen I
you know what I'm over 500 requests
tomorrow I'm absolutely okay with that I
haven't I'm doing a podcast coming up
rich Evans is invited to a podcast I'm
gonna tell you about it later
how did it turn out was it entertaining
to listen to that's all that's the only
home
Neal Breen is the best says rich check
yes my computer is piece of shit portal
is near its limits any recommendations
of good low strain games and before you
say it rich I already have FTL also Jack
nice shirt that is a great shirt I think
oh oh it's oh fuck as far as good games
that probably aren't resource intensive
though this would probably does not I
can play this really smoothly on my very
old on my very old Mac yep so I can only
imagine that enter the gungeon
I'm liking the hyper light drifter yep
sorry Valley started values very is very
light risk of rain very light risk of
rain chugs I don't think risk of rain is
optimized that's true
remember that checked on your old
computer that's true I don't say I'm
used to my new computer it's hard for me
to say what's what's not intensive risk
of rain chugs I just figure I'm safe
with everything 2d but you're right risk
of rain would chug it's not optimized
papers please
Oh spelunky would run like butter
spelunky is right up in there like I
don't want to recommend 3d things cuz I
don't know sounds of critters piece of
crap and I'm not sure if I can name one
that would run or not right
alright so we're switching off we're
switching off okay police quest I'm sure
would run very smoothly on your PC you
know you can find it I mean obviously
like if you buy through Steam they have
all of the recommended settings or you
know minimal settings you need so check
those out but and also check out the
message boards oh yeah good call to
change everything
you know the they'll usually or just
google it you know crappy pc can i run
this game and I'm sure there's a message
board dedicated to that very game you
could play minesweeper play all the
minesweeper that you want
see how that works
rich never created a list there was a
list sir Blindy of love all the pieces
and you know Oh things we don't know no
the the your your parts Oh
tweeted or something yeah yeah we we had
that floating around because people were
asking a lot during because we live
streamed you building your computer I
think I mentioned everything we used and
during that stream yeah just watch the
stream and figure it out and every well
and know someone one of the mods created
a list I want to save but obviously mods
don't if you don't have that that's not
a big deal it sits in that stream check
that stream then I don't remember it was
during that stream or after that stream
where I splurged on the solid-state
drive that's right but I had that one we
made the story you did not have that oh
god that was that was actually a big
question during the stream is whether or
not you would go to the solid state or
not okay how do you feel about it I was
good can I hear there we go
what was that the question was about the
the list of riches computer parts at one
point we had a list of all the pieces
inside Rich's computer someone is asking
for building their own computer whose
pretty is a reasonable a reasonable
build a reasonable price bill and I
think having never built a computer I
think there's a reasonable price bill
refer I got it around Black Friday so
everything was like on sale yeah
nice miser ah dumbass you know the south
salads it is nice works works really
great for for boot ups especially if you
have a lot of programs I know it's fine
I'm not feeling it you're not feeling it
just just we roll we roll those dice
I remember stop eating my sesame cake I
remember that was a way I wasted so much
time during high school was playing Sim
City and this Sim City is literally my
only experience with any of the Sims
games I've never played any of the
people Sims games I don't know if it's
college humor or just some YouTube video
I saw but there's a funny somebody
running for mayor of some City mm-hmm
video okay I'm just checking on and I
described it for them I think I would
spoil it okay it's like a campaign ad
for mayor of Sim City I've never played
any of the Sims games like straight
we're gonna like it like with the
people's how all the Sims the sims
caring love that shit really she was she
was no she loved like drowning people on
what not a woman gay
she loved like putting people in a room
and then like deleting the door
horrifying Ida shirt is this how you
good yeah I know that's still a thing
that people enjoy doing is like waiting
till their sins go in the pool and then
deleting oh she did that was really
drown horrifying never had any never had
much interest in them games
it's the best murder simulator could be
bred lives on yes we're gonna do a we're
gonna do a first four hours of Dark
Souls and I'm looking forward to playing
it someone someone was messaging me
earlier today saying that apparently in
Dark Souls 3 the the lesson was nobody
seemed to like Dark Souls 2 but everyone
liked blood-borne so let's make Dark
Souls 3 more like blood-borne I'm fine
with it so I'm absolutely fine with that
it'll be interesting I'm looking forward
to getting get my hands on it I'm gonna
sneeze also gesundheit
pardon me
Kiwi is better than me we usually
usually written eyes opinions on the
point and clicks is we don't much care
for him I'm sure there's some good ones
but uh rich has always preferred the
text adventures and having played very
few of them I also prefer the text
adventures because there are a lot of
fun you know I have very little I get to
hold to to use items is nice I mean how
do you switch him of the up d on the
d-pad so I have very little experience
in the point and clicks the little
experience I do have has been mostly
negative is what I will say
I prefer thinking outside of the box and
I think text and parser games do that
better make you make you think outside
the box I supposed to think of what you
can click on yeah what's an interactive
litem yep yeah even the text adventure
games I have issues with because the
logic some sometimes the puzzle the
logic has to be so specific they have to
be written right yeah and but that could
lead to a lot of solving the puzzle
without the correct clues yes no and and
that's frustrating
like I like grim fandago but that was
that was an exception not the rule
I know everyone talks very highly about
the Sam & Max series and actually I was
gifted the salmon Mac series a while
back and I know everyone really likes
them so if if we ever do decide to give
point clicks another try I think I would
want us to to start there just because I
wasted my key on crap crap I'm not going
to use
see this is this is the great thing
about you chat we have one person saying
oh say what max is interesting you can't
tell what we clicked on and there's ton
of hilarious dialogues to people down no
salmon max games are shit see what I'm
saying I have them in I've heard good
things
hey Bill bill lack you can't afford that
I'm not even gonna come close so well
you you're good you can just don't buy
anything else don't buy enough shit no
shit you might be you might come close
I've had a couple runs where I've only
got 18 look at oh oh it's not gonna
happen I'm not gonna happen
I've had some runs where after the first
floor I've had over $100 it's not gonna
have this time no not gonna have

[Part II]
you can't afford that I'm not even gonna
come close so well you you're good you
can just don't buy anything else don't
buy enough shit no shit you might be you
might come close I've had a couple runs
we're live only got 18 look at Oh
oh it's not gonna happen I'm not gonna
happen I've had some runs where after
the first floor I've had over $100 it's
not gonna have this time no not gonna
happen this time but yeah that proton
pack god damn it god damn it's a really
fun weapon right yeah yeah I saw
somebody use it on YouTube it looks
great Oh was there a slime monster in
that in that story hold on we'll go back
to the store once we're just outta here
and what's this about slime monsters was
that oh sorry no that's me I changed it
I wanted an experiment using the trigger
like it's all on me was there slime
monster do you have anything to sell to
the slime monster you could drop your
ammo reload but I mean it probably won't
give you enough no probably almost
certainly moment can I get rid of it I
can't get rid of items
no you cannot get rid of pass away but
you could drop your your ammo reload I
won't get enough
I need probably got some fish probably
not sort of a bitch
what your abaca fish that doesn't make
any sense what's going on now
I don't know I'm currently working on on
a new commercial video and we shot some
stuff and it didn't turn out and so
we're completely retooling the idea
which is it's not as fun and exciting as
you think it would be but we're working
on it
I will let you know when it's done god
damn it come on rich
is it still I have the additional blank
binding Oh son of a bitch sorry rich
I wondered why those last two went off
I'm so sorry rich
what
for anyone who's currently on steam
right now apparently all of a sudden
every single game in the Steam library
needs to be updated we are not running
this off of steam rich got this off of
GOG but anyone currently running steam
might see a little glitch where it says
every game needs to be updated they
fucked something up didn't nobody play
anything maybe I don't know
no it just said I I just had 21 of my
games update one after the another with
zero bytes to upload so like it's doing
it very fast but for some reason
everyone needs to upload maybe it's some
kind of legalese thing maybe they had to
update the ER they the end user license
every game because it's got a law or
something or yours or that can happen in
these games rich that can happen so
thank you your yonder yonder for for
that update
points for GOG points points for GOG
rich I'm gonna leave you alone for a
little bit I have to go I have to go to
the bathroom alright you can do that
well I can't I will I will quietly play
this game I'll be back
and now getting money up the ass stupid
fucking game
so if you zoom I can blow up wall cracks
with this one mmm
which would be good
sucker
yeah yeah you're good you're good
Gemini's room without me hey boy hey
it's your boy Jack back in it back in it
back in it back from the dead
metaphorically speaking what have you
ever visited a zoo if not why no bender
before actually I had up when I was when
I was in construction when I when I was
an apprentice fire sprinkler fitter
yes I had a job at the Brookfield Zoo
okay and they had me in this room I was
installing like a drain from like the
whole system and I was in the same room
they used with the flesh-eating beetles
when they put the dead animals that
would strip them down to the bone
basically there's no smell like it on
earth it's it's the smell of death times
20 it's the smell of death and bugs get
used to it after five hours terrifying
terrifying I have um I have been to the
zoo many times I have children so I've
been to the zoo many times I've never
much cared for the zoo I think it's one
of the dumbest things in the world yeah
I'm not a super animal guy yeah I would
rather go to the planetarium yep or like
even even like the Natural History
Museum has like animal dioramas like oh
they're in a fun pose they don't smell
when they're in the dioramas and I was
just smell and and it's like the animals
of the zoo they're they know they're in
cages and so they're just lying
they don't care about it you know I want
to see it like a tiger do some shit not
just sleep like try to eat you you know
try to eat someone else maybe I'm gonna
see Tiger I want to be in the fucking
cage yeah I guess I have everything
come axing i don't know who that is
so I mean I don't know yeah I just I
don't get the zoo I don't like if your
zoo person that's great I know like when
I take my kids to the zoo like I try to
get them into like oh look an elephant
and I think my kids get it and they're
just like so what can I do can I pet the
elephant no I can't believe seen that on
the Internet you know whoa
armor every floor um haps 78 will you
guys be streaming no man's sky when it's
released this - oh is it June already
that it's released I mean yes let's do
him come out I don't know I just shit
coming out hey we're coming up on the
shit is we're coming up on the summer
blockbuster season rich for everything
movies games
I think you know favorite customer says
why travel when you have the Internet no
that's a serious question here's the
thing if you are traveling to see
tourist attractions you know like if
you're gonna go see the Eiffel Tower
yeah just go see it on the Internet
it's not going to be fun it's gonna be
crowded it's gonna be noisy the reason
you fucker
whoa I didn't even know we could do that
the reason you travel is to experience a
new place and so you have to travel away
from the touristy spots you know don't
go to the Eiffel Tower go to some nice
restaurants go to go do some stuff that
you can only do there experience
something else just yeah take a week and
experience living in another country
Airbnb that shit we're just staying home
and watch Netflix or just stay home I
mean that's what I'm saying either way
I've traveled a lot and I really enjoy
traveling and whenever I travel I do my
best to to try to not do touristy stuff
and you know like there are some
exceptions like when I went to San
Francisco we walked across the Golden
Gate Bridge and you know the Golden Gate
Bridge is pretty touristy thing but it's
a beautiful view you get to see the city
was a nice walk you know and I like I
was I I was there with like family and
stuff so it's like yeah right I will do
touristy shit
go somewhere and experience what it's
like to live there that's the point of
traveling
we did not talk about the Doctor Strange
trailer because rich didn't see it and I
don't really care about Doctor Strange
so I my impressions are pretty
adil I'm gonna oh yeah my impressions
are pretty weak we did not see anyone
jump off of the Golden Gate Bridge but
while we were there but there were signs
every like 10 feet like if you're gonna
jump there are people who are willing to
talk to you please at least I'm not
stupid enough to say please don't jump
no oh no no and that's not gonna snap
anybody who wants to jump and there was
like a toll-free phone like every couple
of miles you know there's like an
attempt like a ridiculous amount of
times a year right yeah a few yeah yeah
it's it's it's a real problem it's a
real problem
I'm not saying I'm not saying that it
was silly that they had the sign I'm
saying it was it was morbid and that
made me laugh because it was so morbid
Danny why are you laughing about suicide
daddy why would people jump off the
bridge was the real question that God
God because their life is miserable and
they want to die
let's get ice cream later I'll replace
sadness with food what do you think fat
people happen I know how fat people
happen I was one of them you replaced
sadness with food good hold on Coleridge
exactly that's why we don't take rich to
Golden Gate Bridge with us
also he wasn't invited several reason by
rich shouldn't come to Golden Gate
Bridge with us you didn't know the
people in the wedding we went to fuck
this
what other gun do you have oh yeah a bum
one
oh nice I forgot I had it honestly
see crack on the wall let me know I'll
blow that shit up
well you have to you have to check it
with another gun so you know this crack
yeah yeah there were the I came across a
couple where I you have to try to find
the pattern you know like there is a
hint and then you check it with a
different gun and then if it makes a
crack you can actually and you can use
your blank to do it - here we go
no way you only get four shots rich and
there are four targets
I kill go trout
big iron what is this a reference this
the the tried under gun let me see it in
that book the gun is a stranger Volvo
and created by attaching additional
barrels to a magnum the barrels are not
actually connected to a chamber because
the Tri gun ones got those like the
barrel on top of the other right yeah
it's it's not very try Gunny try gotten
is more like a rectangle is it yeah if
you figure this shit out yet no I can
only assume it's those necklaces they
have those like bullet necklaces that
they say like bring luck and whatnot but
I have no idea I can only assume it's
it's an item that you can randomly get
and get trapped the game trout the game
or saving for a storm I guess he was in
the store first right yeah c-3po tatto
you mentioned the back to the source
documentary what are your thoughts on it
I practice Hema oh I thought it was a
really good documentary I was a little
disappointed because I thought it was
more going to I got it it's the swoosh
what is this back to the source is a
documentary about Hema historical
European martial arts okay where they
tried to figure out and teach other
people how to actually do stuff like
sword fighting you know how like how
they taught sword fighting in the Middle
Ages and it was sold to me by certain
nerd blogs as like a giant rebuttal to
how bad movie fights are choreographed
fight oh I don't care I know they're
choreographed I don't give their shoes I
never look good well but I thought they
were gonna an accurate fight might not
look all that exciting and it would be
over really quick it doesn't but that's
why I thought it would make an
interesting documentary if they went
into a little bit
more of the I thought they're gonna go
into a little bit more of how to
actually fight you know some of their
techniques but it was more just about
the organization itself so I was a
little disappointed a little
disappointed in the subject matter but I
thought it was a really good documentary
back I hate you I can't believe he got
you he got me Vitas bullshit your gun
was too big rich but it fired after him
now I think the cartographers ring gives
you a map I don't give a shit about that
but then you can find the secret rooms
how many guns do you have
but uh the documentary is really good
and free TV TV TV and free on YouTube so
anyone can watch it it's called back to
the source
how can you do this so I could play the
game can you chew up some guns and come
back here iron loss sure The Stand
countdown is at eight minutes eight more
minutes and it's stand-up time
what is it thirty for the game I want to
say 25 but I don't know
yes it's free you fucks Jack I beat
everything on hardmode
on the lost and then lost all interest
in Binding of Isaac how do I get back in
you you've won you don't have to go back
in play a new game what did you offer
that gun I don't like oh great I got
apparently nothing what did I get
oh you got a heart I got her that's nice
oh you know what I wonder if that is
supposed to be the try gun because it
shoots three bullets it doesn't look
exactly you know it doesn't look enough
like it to convince me but yeah it's
supposed to be does the chat have an
opinion on that everyone is this
supposed to be the gun from trigun
probably not probably
yeah you can fit I'm sure you can finish
Gunjan much like how you can finish
Isaac which is basically just doing
everything all the time fine you know
that's good that's that's the the joy of
this game is a lot of repetitiveness and
just you know little incremental
victories of course this repetitiveness
is offset by the action shoot and shit
whoa Amma
the trigun was not just a revolver
because it remember it turned into the
thing they're saying fallout has a big
iron reference so they might be a
reference to fallout okay
oh nice whoo unlocks and party people
are third-party be oh yeah nice drive
time someone strapped by names frightful
I got surrounded it before you know what
the cowards had us trapped thanks for
the help
rifle you all might have heard of me
I am known as the gray Mauser huh yeah
I'm pretty pretty big day around here
regardless my headstrong companion here
was beginning to get bored many thanks
hey I mean there's only so many times we
can do it in here really really it's all
right it's all I have rich it's all I
had
it's not much it's not no it's not much
I thought him you know sometimes you
start a bit before you know where it's
gonna end and you see no hope for the
best
this is the sweet new roguelike the what
did we call it the the nuclear binding
of necrodancer
oh look at there for the fun bold
movements there this is the boss that I
fought with the the proton pack
shouldn't get moving him I'm uh it was
it was no contest I murdered him so fast
I didn't even know his bullets wiggled
like that oh god damn it don't forget
about your blanks
oh shit why is it going the wrong way
fair question right
excellent dodge
yeah
oh I'm sitting - alright go off time I
am not watching that steampunk zombie
animated show on Amazon I don't know
what that is I did just finish by the
way speaking that Amazon but uh Hulu the
11:26 63 the James Franco starring based
on the Stephen King novel JJ Abrams
produced eight part miniseries huh and I
don't know why I was expecting any
different but we have joked often about
Stephen King novels yeah interesting
premise yeah really strong first act and
then piddles out no that's a good ending
that's exactly what this was but for
some reason I thought like oh maybe
because it's a TV show adaptation maybe
they'll fix it just like really
interesting premise really strong first
act like the first two maybe even three
episodes spot-on yeah
pew pew pew pew pew pew pew just fizzled
especially the last episode just fizzle
sorry shows us it's kind of like 11:23
6:11 2863 the premises there's one spot
in Maine where if you go through the
spot you end up in 1963 and this one guy
who was a Vietnam War vet kept trying to
go back in time to stop the Kennedy
assassination but of course the Kennedy
assassination didn't take place until 64
and so he had a year to plan but the
past fought back and there's like old it
was neat and you know yeah to see some
of that was really neat but he was dying
the past gave him cancer mm-hm
to stop him from stopping the
assassination so it was up to James
Franco who was down on his luck
befriended the old man to go into the
past and stop the Kennedy assassination
why would you want to the idea he wanted
to because it's a horrible that anybody
in the past gets killed but I mean
butterfly effect you you stopped the
Kennedy assassination and who knows what
the fuck's gonna happen his thought was
that the Kennedy is said like Kennedy
not being president directly led to so
much bad like the Vietnam War you know
that was his character's explanation
that it and you know he was a vet and I
said like to him is like we can stop
this we can stop so much pain kennedy
was he could have been the greatest
thing that ever happened to America does
he succeed spoilers I don't want to
spoil so I were going to end that you
mentioned the ending interesting I'm
like you stopped the assassination then
you get to the president the presents
all all kinds of horrible that could be
anything
there could be an ending yeah then he
has to go back and assassinate Kennedy
himself he is then then you have the
explanation for the grassy knoll and
that would be some clever shit that
would be some clever shit did they do
that no they did not do oh they have a
thing where I should have written it you
should have written the ending they have
a thing part of the the premise is every
time you go through the time portal you
end up at exactly the same spot so then
if you go back through the time portal
it resets everything so if you messed up
you just go back to the time portal come
back it resets oh okay yeah so but I
don't like I don't want to spoil it in
case I don't wants to watch it but like
my spoiler is the last episode of really
fucking fizzled and I should have known
better I should have been expecting it
to fizzle I don't even know why I
started watching new anyone yeah
how the fuck was I supposed to know that
was a Red Dwarf episode I've seen the
red dwarf pilot that's him okay kudos to
red dwarf for being more clever than a
shitty Stephen King burg oh it's time to
stand up take a break and stand up our
stand up break timer went off while we
were talking about that Joe kill grant
is by him
of course it's gonna sizzle I like James
Franco I I defend James Franco he's
funny and some things he was a fine
Harry Osborn did you see the interview
no it's funny it's really funny his
movie that he did with Seth Rogen yeah
about going to interview Kim Jong ill or
on who's the new one is the new one a
laurent rich just said he doesn't give a
shit he's a good movie
he's a good movie
have we mentioned that is a beautiful
shirt it is first of all like whether
whether you like the game or not this is
a cool shirt right look it's kind of
like a little tree a little symbol it's
a great sure whether you like the game
or not I'm gonna go take a break
the interview was surprisingly funny I'm
take it we're going to stand up
everybody stand up I'm gonna get another
beverage adult beverage
oh hey everybody
not we just take a little break a little
stand-up break
I got another beverage grape fruit IPA
good what games are on the list there's
a lot of games on the list I just broke
it
you'll be seeing dark souls oh okay here
come go to that lady and turn co-op mode
on all I'm thinking about now rich is
how clever your idea would have been
which apparently was already done by Red
Dwarf still yeah that would have been a
great ending for it what oh my god the
futures in wreck I have to go back and
kill Kennedy and that's and he's the
second shooter that no one could ever
find yep that would have been so clever
rich I'm really upset that that's not
how it is
oh wait yeah left trigger reload X I
like that better news blank oh I know
not B not B so every time you go into
the portal you gotta wait around for a
year to stop the assassination yes what
about your own fucking life this will be
aging while this is going on thirty
attempts
your old man that well that's what
happened to the first guy that that's
what happened to the first guy that's
why
James Franco needed to take over just
stop bothering the world turned out fine
everything ended up okay you don't need
to stop the Kennedy assassination it
would have been better ur rich if you
stopped again what the fuck do you know
you don't I'm the big crux of it though
you know and of course right it's a book
you know so you have to tell story the
big crux of it was whether figuring out
whether or not Lee Harvey Oswald was the
shooter wait I'm not shooting anything
why am I not shooting anything stop
sorry very sorry apparently I'm not
shooting you should be I really should
be shooting stuff did you change did you
change mine it says right button not
right trigger oh yeah what do we have oh
right button is use item then there we
go okay my bad and so then the real crux
of the show is you have to you have to
figure out whether or not it really was
Lee Harvey Oswald who who shot the
president because then you can just
shoot him right how about you shoot him
and then if he still gets assassinated
it wasn't him oh that's so smart because
you have the magic time boy you have the
magic time portal and then you could
always reset it if it's not and then
he's and then he's not dead
oh rich you just cut so many holes in
the Stephen King novel
not dick
all right
dick
ghosts wish I had proton pack I afraid
no ghosts
all right what the fuck
haven't gotten one of these in the
tonight we're getting all of them for me
John all weekend for anyone no I just
wait for me
come on something who wants some
I got a nerf gun what do you think yeah
say you know what save as' leave a
better chest comes along we can always
come back brown chests I mean come on
am i right am i right he was 30 right
oops 25 okay I think we got 20 okay
I accidentally press the button Richard
I know he did I was fucking around and I
pressed the button and I wasted a blank
do you have it set just they have to hit
both triggers apparently I don't not of
it you can switch that if you want I
don't care
I dodged you fuck my Dutch I was rolling
how am i doing better than you god damn
you're not taking the series I'm not -
it's because I'm not taking seriously
because I'm the ghost girl with the nerf
gun or go I'm the ghost I assume it's a
girl because of gender bias you know
she's wearing paint purple it's purple
oh shit I didn't see that what are you
shooting at are you shooting at nothing
you're dumb
they're selling a crypt of the
necrodancer shopkeeper plushy sounds
pretty awesome wow what happened oh I
got hit by a bullet
oh that was your armor I was like why
did you shoot off a blank wait for me
I'm spinning fuck
Oh
who wants them who wants some
he's over here oh oh era yeah get the
fuck out of here
yeah get the fuck out of here yeah you
coming at you coming at you what do we
got what do we got
hey YouTube it's a boy mac-10 nice the
heart locket gets an extra hard thing
I'm sure uh-oh
this who dis shotgun full of love oh do
you want the shotgun full of waffle guys
no one talks to you I mean you know a
better a better weapon for me would be
great trip do you have to buy it oh I
can just take your money yeah and
potentially charms enemies oh okay
all right I can deal with that
potentially charming enemies of charming
and looking as a purple gun for a purple
ghost lady tannic oh is that your charm
oh they're dead
I died does that mean my dick my gun
died or does it go to you
yep come here and get this heart
well orally just open a chest no no you
take this heart and use the heart or go
to the chest and open you up uh yeah but
then we waste the chest well would you
rather waste the chest or the Revival
item we have keys all right all right
cuz I don't want to leave the room
because I might be able to get my gun
back I just lose my gun oh that's
bullshit that's bullshit rich life is
bullshit jack life is bullshit I can't
believe I lost my gun I just got that
gun I didn't even get to use it didn't
even get to you did just not much shot
like one guy he's pink
well nothing to do about it okay
just keep shooting people I'm on it
she filled my dumb nerf gun you're a
real man you'd shoot him with your dick
you know what I'm saying no you don't
you know what I'm saying I don't
reloads faster I guess but you have to
press it twice and pay attention to it
yeah yeah no I get it I get it Siberia
skirt I get it that he means sex what's
that oh it's an alphabet gun good what
does it do it's it's normal it's nice
nothing great it literally yeah oh
you'll see
I don't wanna i won't i won't i won't
spoil it for you who's that why is there
a face that's the the the game man oh
right the game
we gonna deal with this day we can deal
with this guy Berto bird dog bird dog
bird aleni
oh what's nice gunner bullet bullet it
shoots the word bullet
it's annoying what but pretty effective
oh my god Vanowen attorney are you yes I
guess you are
all right it's kind of a shit gun after
all
Booya
don't grab that tower now you can all
right okay that gun
sure yeah see yeah that's funny
they got their gun puns on Fleck stop
saying that not gonna have so stupid not
gonna happen
I know slang that would be quickly dated
when I hear it do you think Fleck is
gonna be Curtis extremely quickly
because it's stupid
sir that's not dumb
I don't know if there are any more
behaved guys
simple simple a child could do it
boom we're on it rich no regular shotgun
jack regular shotgun that's what you won
you like right I mean yeah like that we
can't afford nothing well what we all
too afforded by the end of the stage oh
sure
here we go second it was a shotgun you
said you wiped oh that was a fancy one
there was there was a void shotgun yeah
man that was really awesome but I
discovered its its downside which is
yeah it it doesn't have a good range so
it did a really bad job at killing
people from far away
let's see if we can find a better
Oh trick up
well he's a prick he's called like a
video game meet Cuba prick yeah yeah
prick he's a prick
what do you think you're doing sneaking
up behind me a prick I calls it like I
seize it jack and I ain't gonna stop you
boom boom gotcha I got you six wait
maybe I can do something
yeah okay we don't have whatever I don't
we need yet I got your six it is that
you know what it is nice when it has
team play it's a little it's a little
jank because you know the you get the
second player can only be this ghost
person why is that that seems so weird
it does seem very weird possibly to nerf
it they do they don't want to make it
too overpowered now you think that would
be my guess
and could just be a coding thing
who got your sex
ten-four why do you keep saying this is
like because I got it
if you know if you were worried about
your six you don't have to be you know
okay where we got down here yeah I got
your six well connect the dots right
well shit fire and knives
there's floor knives rich watch out for
the floor I love wallet
family my bullet my alphabet gun did
have him home no I don't know why it
couldn't bring it up earlier maybe maybe
I hit a wrong button at some point yeah
strange where we go what are you doing
I know okay great I can't drive to their
other rooms you're my go right to the
boss yeah clearing out the rooms that's
my favorite party games like this always
clear first get right out of town bullet
guy
who wants some everybody is the answer
oh I you fuckers you fucking nuts bullet
bullet forgetting about my reloading
thing you're active reload yeah yeah cuz
the the only time you would you would
want that is if it is like in the middle
of a firefight but the active reload
means you have to pay attention to it
and not the firefight it's useless
bullet bullet bullet bullet viewlet
Beulah Brenton hi welcome back
are you alright I got your six woah
we're going warping cuz it's a smart
thing to do the real van did you tip
again well you go ahead and do that I'm
gonna do that let's see here um okay we
missed a couple yay anonymous says a
couple years ago I went to Chicago for
my sister's wedding I didn't get all the
rlm tollbooth jokes and riches correct
about year OU's year oohs I don't know
if I understand the toll booth jokes is
it is the joke just that there's a lot
of tolls in between Chicago and
Milwaukee Mike makes jokes a lot of just
being like a miserable occupation being
a tollbooth I imagine it would be sure
yeah you know you get to listen to I bet
you get to listen to a lot of podcasts
Sara Jen says do you two ever compete
with each other in games sort of like
are there certain types of gameplay
where you know rich is better than Jack
or Jack is better than rich well yes yes
kind of Jack's ball ball park is bowl
games yeah rich knows the strategy rich
knows all about the strategy oh I will
out XCOM Jack yeah and Jack Oh Mario
Kart me probably the real Vance's guys
has Jason hush it's a horror movie on
Netflix where the killer stalks a deaf
woman living alone in an isolated
cottage it's gotten great reviews well I
have an extensive list of all of the
movies that Jay has ever seen I just
didn't bring it with me today like every
movie he's watched since he was like
seven years old I just one big I write
them down you don't have the 6 year old
one well get you have to get up on the
six hurled one he watched he watched a
lot of movies when he was six years old
I'm sorry
every year every uh every year from then
though seven and out seven on up seven
up Jay has not discussed that movie with
us specifically the real and so we are
we are uninformed on his level of view
egde of hush oh let's just let here
alright well there we go well do you
want the shotgun oh wow I mean it'd be
better than this thing yep so yes all
right sorry oh you know what I
instinctively hit the button serene do
you want to should we get a key let's
get a key yeah we probably should have
seen what was in there first can't do
either great yay-hey
oh this way I know where I'm going all
right
she's great she's great Gorgon the gore
gun I love her design all around
nope don't don't ya know can't look at
her I was telling you but also telling
me well fuck you
she likes you
and stop it
nice thank you thank you so much
nope look away haha
will you jump over to me it's a wave
that comes it's a wave that comes out of
her oh I thought I thought it was the
Medusa thing so he had to look away I've
been doing it wrong this whole time yep
oh I got killed by her gooo rich it's
gonna you can blink me fuckers
now fuck
she had a fuck 10 I hope one more oh
yeah listen um if you're done I'm just
gonna play more is how this is done I'm
about done we're gonna hold on a minute
tell me start seven seven ish times at
home 9:30 oh all the way 9:30 at least
10 I'm gonna put at least three in okay
let's go that was I thought it was more
like 10:30 Wow okay
time flies rich man get out of here sir
poofing tton you ain't got shit whoa
jack everybody poops everybody poops
you're either poofing are you're dying
that's that's what they say
get busy pooping or get busy dying all
right oh wait heart oh no we're good
yeah we're good from V burn holy moly
from Shanghai with love I can't watch
your twitch stream but I watch you all
the time on YouTube I learned a lot from
Jax positivity and Rich's adorable humor
durable game on Thank You V burn we
appreciate that something more adorable
than hey that's your adorable oh it's so
adorable every time it says AIDS every
time he murders that hooker it's a man
go up oh sorry oh I wasn't even paying
attention to map I was just still oh
shit
they've got some of your own size rich
makes aids adorable you're right what
can Brown do for you okay
boom great just you know like I'm still
trying to figure out where the hidden
walls are and so I just like to take a
sure quick peek at every room we can't
discover them with our with these
weapons but you know I just like to make
a mental note of what the walls look
like let me something in that area could
be huh I think I think every lip floor
only has one secret room look are there
specific guns that destroy or just
anything other than to default anything
other than the default then just shoot
everything it's not a big deal I have a
better gun yeah well but then that
weighs bullets but if you have an ammo
pack it's not just like explosives no
actually you can use your blanks open up
the wall
wait there's like an explosion around
you that when you had a blank I think
that my count
hasn't oh sure explosion sorry I dealt
with it
two prongs attacked rich you go right
ready
no oh he's just on your side over the to
protecting our one prong was enough
still on the killed yep
totally did totally stole your kill I
got your six Niner Niner Niner ten-four
ten-four Roger Roger Rabbit
oh man haven't your six actually worked
out that time because there were some
people waiting up here grenades all
right great
where we got oh sorry I was reading the
chat out
yeah yeah you guys got a ton of shit in
your hallway
Oh No gooo rich this go I can't deal
with you not with my nerf gun Oh family
we did the GU ghost whoa what that you
know capacity all right eight I'll take
it wait wait there we go she's getting
them out of way just to see what I could
do what was shit I do like to explode
the barrels so they won't explode later
yeah heads up what's the the Jill tur
can't afford it great great
we're doing rude all right so far I feel
pretty good about about our what do you
call it justice this is fun it's fun way
to play this is Helldivers all over
again what you got I got an achievement
for that motherfucker I got an
achievement
oh shit that vibrated on my crotch rich
you got to give it you got to give a
heads up
whoa I put the controller on my lap and
it vibrated oh well I guess I'll take it
unless you want it no I don't want I
hate that gun
I wonder if you need it for something
like because you can buy those pieces
right I wonder if this is one of those
that like it's a cheap 'men it probably
does extra damage against an enemy type
Sheriff warm guns maybe it does like a
sin amis sure why not
why not okay let's Boston right pause it
boss it alright alright here we go
who we fighting out of bird we we got
the bird Oh apparently this gun Pierce's
enemies oh that's a fine bonus hey when
you get multiple little guys
how about you leave me alone dick oh you
can't handle it
ah just saying there's two of us here
two of us have it
yeah one of your bullets hit me uh I
don't think so why did I mean you got
heavy damage to me when he wasn't
pointing the gun to me and I think it
was one of your bullets that went
through him no I can't
I got nothing to be reloaded so you take
that heart I'll give you full heart
okay I'll reload mine I guess take the
necklace now your name what is it no
chance to breathe right all right so now
if we come across an altar
we'll see if like you can I don't know
if it's a neck I don't know what it is
oh that's what it was his when he fires
his big round they bounce off of walls
all right sorry okay you ready hey ready
hey ready yeah I'm ready are you okay
are you gonna go that way what other way
is there
well I'm saying how you're gonna go that
way yeah good I got your six
I have so much hate that was safe there
I got nothing
well here let's go out but then run no
no not that one this one go out and I go
back in ah get out there dick he never
comes back he done he can come back we
said we just have to check on it
periodically fuck fuck fuck you
but we should be at least clear for a
room and then I can at least reload
after using some goddamn bullets all
right I hear you tips let's get the tips
okay we cleared the room there's a
couple right anonymous says not a big
twitch guy but love watching you guys on
YouTube but keep on keepin on
thanks anonymous yo and unit 603 idiot
says hey rich oh there any sitcoms you
like now I don't watch TV no really yeah
I haven't sat down to watch TV in in
years everything I i watch is like often
like Netflix or YouTube and haven't been
ready sit comes in that list of things
did you watch like 30 rock I've never
I've never seen a single episode of 30
rock really say like a couple episodes
of How I Met Your Mother I've seen I've
seen clips of Big Bang Theory and a
highly offended me I don't don't want
highly offended at the nerd stereotypes
that Hollywood is presenting the
negative nerd stereotype absolutely is
nerds ploy tation no exploitation 30 30
rock is it's not always great but
there's usually always at least one joke
that makes the entire episode worth it
here's the last to come I watched yeah
the office oh okay like I would call
that a sit down yeah that's a second
comment comedy love the office
oh fuck spiky floor
gestured you want me to but you pick it
up no matter what right oh ammo drop
yeah Joey uses not use it now and then
you can use your hand my drop my gun is
still here I see my gun I might need you
during a boss I'm not doing that okay
you can pick up my gun though yeah might
as well you're right ease but nothing
immediately useful do do do do do do did
Nitin the baskets I've heard good things
I know you know everyone like Zach
Galifianakis
I know nothing I know nothing about the
show except for Zach Galifianakis his
thing baskets
son of a bitch that's a lot of them
I did get your link on how to do a
proper Michael Caine voice yes couple
comedians doing Michael Caine
impressions and it looks it great I will
practice I will practice my Michael
Caine
whoa Oh Jack this is so much fun here's
the burst with these crazy dodges I'm
doing everything right like you're
killing it first of all I'm just the
dumb ghost almost dodged right into the
pit
classic dungeon
mattify Chester sir later no nope the
level with no chests oh no you can't do
anything at all Jack how does that not
do anything I ain't got shit rich I
ain't got shit I'm gonna float over this
pit though you can't do that
yeah yeah that'll keep you alive yep
what wait here we go here we go boom I
helped you did right oh and that's the
end of that here oh who did it who dad
oh yeah you go that way I'll keep Hakim
and I'll stay in this room
I'll keep mapping this room thingies oh
you got money could we offer up my ghost
nut you would do that you'd sacrifice
your ghost a ghost I can't afford any of
them anyway she had a big fucking deal
right big fucking deal
no oh wait it's just oh no isn't that
bad wait look at his a shield
welcome back we'll come back once we map
the whole area the MIDI may be a thing
will happen
Jack and more useful dead than alive
feels accurate I'm true you know I'm
here I'm here to help right you know
it's it's sure though like sometimes a
shield is better than a second gun you
know I agree come over here
Wow don't you think this should be
something you probably need something
explosive I'm not wasting a boy that
weighs in a boy okay he wasted a bike
I would have I would have wasted a
blanket oh I didn't know if you do it oh
really
I thought I thought you might keep me as
it goes one of us will die and then that
person could be the shield um what if we
explored there's still more that way
that we may as well go north here what
you think
yeah all right I'm here I almost fell
into that pit I must wasted the life you
gave me oh great we did it we did it
that's valuable information Oh God you
need he need to walk with me sir
accidently walk into pits okay let's go
let's roll shit no we can't go that way
anyway oh my god we have to go through
the shop Exit Through the Gift Shop rich
this way to the egress
you get money
what are we supposed to give him this
map how about now I don't know I don't
know rich so worth it trust shot I don't
know either way we'll get to know where
the secret room is all this shit what
look look at the map yeah that's what it
does
oh my god well how do we open this oh
you have to I have to come with you
oh that was more shit we didn't see down
there never mind never mind that's that
was confused okay so what you want to
explore down there first you want to
give the map Explorer down here first
okay but here's where the secret room is
okay
okay I was just looking around I was
just looking around how do you drop it
um um hold down Oh nope that's a hard
sorry no I was I was holding off when
you said that okay
via
wah-wah I get but is it no it's okay
well yeah you think that I'll take the
heart yeah I'm not a mind guy I'm not
I'm not good with explosives okay
technically I'm gonna give you with mine
cuz I'm not I'm never gonna think about
it I'm gonna be too busy dodging but I
know the way you think you want to use
these things that you find and you're
gonna want to use that mind whoa oh it's
just a proximity oh that's great okay so
wait what oh oh see oh see look do you
see how the walls cracking of it yeah
should have me do it item oh oh it's
just a hard piece hmm well we got a hard
piece you're now full health heart oh
wait and let's go thank you all right we
can just teleport I suppose so we
probably need to get done with the boss
before we let's try
sure the clear map sure what do we get
improves health movement speed and
damage Gina that's nice
originally created as a reward for
Winchester's game of skills up Richard
they're good then there goes your armor
ammo Conda
boom use it it works great
what does its quid mean that's quit he's
being controlled by someone or the green
mean he the green means he's like
stronger somehow I think he's already
strong
I'll fuck you damn it
revive or well you get a free revive if
I can kill headers I guess I'll wait
till I'm low on health just be my shield
I'll be su
hi nice touch
that's nice time nice touch
yeah
nice nice teamwork that's teamwork
holy moly oh and I'm back yay what's
that mahogany 100% organic great all
right great
it looks like it shoots trees perfect
perfect
love three level three
whoa what was that I got run over
Oh which I didn't even know was the
thing oh yeah they have mine carts that
like automated shooting minecart
thingies I didn't know I'd get run over
by them why I meant the jump and I
walked over the pit Oh rich stupid they
had to kill the minecart no no they just
have to dodge did you die yeah where's
the hard thing yeah where's the hard
thing I didn't travel all my shits down
here oh fuck I was looking for the hard
thing rub that hurt middle grab all my
shit there yeah well where's the heart
that should have been in here
it just didn't spawn or that's maybe it
fell into the pit
oh that's terrible yeah all right uh
let's rock'n'roll
yep I'm shooting tree bums ah oh hey
wait wait did you fuck fuck fuck fuck
take it easy take it easy take it I know
this gun don't much care boy
ya know my problem this game is I find a
lot of the guns I don't much care for
sure it's relatively few guns I like and
then they run out of ammo and then
you're stuck with the default or gun you
don't like
OOP dice
whoa oh you need a key to get to the
shopkeeper use it in case snowball or if
I could haunt him to death maybe I can't
I reload oh shit
that would be why probably cuz I'm in
here
I guess all right I'm just gonna wait
this is that not need reloading maybe
just maybe every shot is considered
reload yeah you're manually loading
everyone yeah but look at out look at
the thing that's making ste rising
all right
yep
what I hear you stand up timer okay
everybody stand up
it's time to stand up returns the ghost
so stand up
all right
right but ghosts don't have legs maybe
some ghosts I wonder if the proton pack
would do anything to me that's worth a
test let's hope we find one I already
thick there is
like I want to use this gun so I don't
waste ammo from other guns you know yeah
that's like it's pretty it's like it
sucks but it's alright
if that makes any sense it sucks but
it's alright
okay it's fine
yep I see
settle down ghosty hey Jack hi rich oh I
can't stick around long due to my shitty
data cap rural living but I wanted to
say hi and for a few bucks your way I
hope to see you in September yes Tim you
will September well I'm doing a podcast
with Tim oh he's coming into town and
asked me to do his podcast cuz I will
not talk to anybody I don't give a shit
look thank you
ooh hey look at then nice he's got a
death bar nice you're back rich here you
want a gun have guns yeah sure you know
one you don't like well those just want
a head it's not like I didn't like it
see look you have green bullets in yours
I don't know what to tell you
ooh you probably need health more right
now than I do
what is that armor every floor oh I have
all your things
ya know the breasts pay the breast pate
of the aimless night Coromant able to
dispatch the gun dead with ease the
night grew overconfident in his
abilities deep in the hollow is
concentration that won the games that be
great that would be great oh that's not
what I wanted hi I died a while back but
I forgot how long it's been says
anonymous I'm a ghost
and I do have legs and I stretch them on
a regular boo lol fuck my ghost cock I
can't miss is the ghost cock I'll go
right through Mary go right through you
I guess you know we could pantomime what
benefit do you get out of stretching
your ghost legs
okay whoa I've been in this room before
there's nothing in here oh this is a
weird room look at this there's no bad
guys and it's completely empty but you
can get in that minecart try something
well okay you just hop right out there
so I've gotten this room a bunch I'm
sure it means something you know when
you get the same room over and over
again you just say okay this this is
important this is for later sure as
you're making a sculpture out of your
mashed potatoes is important this means
something close encounters reference
come back Delia
fuck you bird it's gonna kind of sucks
uh if you know what it's it's got some
heavy artillery oh fuck not
yeah dude are you better at the shit
that I am I've failed so far aim true so
you get one shot per each thing so kind
of calculate and take your time there's
no time limit there's several bounces
right yeah oh
bounces two bounces well you know what
it moves you can get a couple of them oh
that was almost cool I'll get something
laser scope whoo nice gutter services aw
I will miss ghost rich spot on booze
I can deal with the aim on this thing
fuck what did I give you buy I want to
use that
yeah you should use that
yeah slime boy
deep fried mashed potaters I need to
double-check the what they show after
after we're done see there's a key in
the show sure if there's a key in the
shop maybe I can get a gun that's not
shite wait hi wait wait wait boom
all right this is a good combination for
me okay dance everybody dance we dance
to the beat we dance to the beat
push that table here I hope wait we
gotta flip the other table first weight
pushing contest yeah ready
oh we were equally strong well you know
whoa oh you had to I had to see you have
to see I had to see I didn't think we
both go go to the shop okay and we could
buy a snowball er shoot snowballs our
machines pissed so we have an item that
makes the item exactly what we have oh
maybe I don't know I mean anything's
better than this gun so maybe it's no
baller and then we see with well let's
go see what's in the chest first all
right and then and then we can make that
decision jack says Neil Green is the
best do you still listen to the hello
internet podcasts did you vote in the
flag referendum also is that a well is
that a well made shirt I'm thinking
about getting one yes it's a very
comfortable and well made shirt it's
it's one you know it's like a soft
cotton good many bullets many bullets
originally crafted by a gunsmith who
favored revolvers but was envious of
automatic whoo alright seems cool that
seems kind of Awesome oh my god after
you're dead look do you see at the at
the bottom you show it shoots a hammer
okay so we can spend money on
on armor if you want because this is a
pretty cool gun one hit versus I might
want a machine gun you know what that's
fair yeah that's fair no I don't
unfortunately I do I did really like and
I still do really like the hello
internet podcast that's C GP or GCP gray
and Brady from numberphile oh really
they do a thing together they do a
podcast again it's great it's just you
know two dudes talking just two nerds
nerding it up but I just don't have time
to listen to podcasts anymore
especially while editing because most of
the time what I edit has audio in it so
I have to actually listen to the audio
all right there we go
let's do it
what's this what's this I can't wait to
see it oh my god yes Kannan Balrog
shit shit shit
come on oh you can pick up all my shit
if you can oh it goes I can help ya I
know I know I forgot where's he at
where's he at
where's again
bullshit I kind of had his pattern down
yeah look spawn like literally right in
me and then he goes and then he goes
dark but a bullet spa didn't be after he
went dark yeah there was no chance to
dodge that nope nope that was great
oh that was great why did you Jack I
write like I write away too by the way
oh I died like right away we got the
cool new gun that's the second time now
that I got the cool new gonna died
immediately
I don't even it did it was pretty cool
pretty cool gun and the shot like purple
bullets and a hammer
did you see the hammer lying in the is
laying on the ground is great is great
okay well thanks for coming out everyone
here we can call it a night 7 to 10:30 I
could deal with that we can call it a
night let's wait oh yeah internet
podcast don't listen to podcasts anymore
cuz video editing yes this is a very
quality shirt and I think you think it's
cool like beyond if you don't like fire
watch it's fine but it's just like a
little train a thing I I enjoy shirts
that um that can be incognito but if you
know what it is you know what it is
people people are allowed to like things
that I don't love I know anyone know
story-wise is a lot I like about fire
wash I really yes remember walking
around in tubes there's nothing for me
let's um let's all tap a mother
you have the mouse no it's right there
closer to you yeah hold on
I'm getting there slowly getting there
slowly
okay-dokey Oh wake up okay Tom
Lewandowski 18 months in a row
Elvis delvis 21 months in a row
Biff eponymous 21 fucking months in a
row
Susa SES SES its khuskhus knows I'm good
sir
it's like it twenty three fucking months
in a row
DJ gunther Haunter hunter DJ good deer
hunter
oh wait I'm missing it all wait first of
all it's doctor not DJ even drinking too
much apparently are you okay to go home
this is number two and we've been
streaming for like I'm halfway through
this I've had a beer and a half dr.
Gunter hunter hanker Mario Mario 42 eggs
I won't 22 fucking months in a row I do
have to get eggs Borgo doh 69 gutter
stars to reduce effective turbo Jesus
5000 room
you gotta say that with some turbo I was
going for the fast route covered keys if
I thought April I love you
21 fucking months in a row Brad lives
and if you've loved April for at least
21 months I assume there's some fucking
going on dude
that's probably extremely rude of me
extremely rude but if what if what I
love April from afar or what are the
links then there's still might be
fucking going on but you live you live
down south I can't imagine you'd put
that as Mississippi avatar bread lives
on chunk 20 months in a row do violence
human violence
Gani med yz9 and today X X 15 months in
a row snacks and I think I think
somebody mention with Miss octo j13 dr.
J if that's what happen we're sorry we
have not he's been subscribed for
awesome just say after 30 fucking months
in a row who has 24 October in a row
there you go we haven't forgotten about
you right dr. J we would never forget
about you never ever ever so remember no
stream on Sunday no stream on Sunday
we'll make up possibly Monday I will try
not to play enter the gungeon again even
though I will tweet something
