Oct 31, 2017
Death Road to Canada, Friday the 13th: The Game
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/186719956
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/186723147
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/186724418
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PYS1Rqx-neE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GhxJVhnqyDg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mlFKpGEpAjo
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/925427140237189120

[Part I]
I'm really weird here I'm gonna go happy
huh this is the laziest fucking costume
I remember I have ever done and I I once
literally went in a costume that said
this t-shirt is my costume
III handed with marker yep that is that
you have a very lazy costume you're
wearing your work clothes right what's
looking for something better here I
figure we got a we got a shit ton of
costumes I couldn't find anything good
that didn't have some kind of awkward
mask I couldn't breathe or see out of
yeah that would fit you know that's I'll
tell you what that's a the down side of
the sheet ghosts the upside is it's a
very cheap and simple costume and you
know like I'm not just a sheet ghost I
don't know if you guys can tell I'm a
fancy sheet ghost because you as you can
see I have a top hat in Montana monocle
so I'm a fancy sheet go so I'm spooky
but fancy the downside is it's very hard
to see out of these eye holes okay see
you know movel be really scary the end
of the stream you take the sheet off and
those like it's just a fucking
desiccated corpse on either yep hold the
whole time that's - and we're absolutely
not gonna surprise people with that we
just we're just too incapable right
pulling that off right that's what's
what's going on guys were worth I said
this everybody what did we want played
we wanted it Friday the 13th and
everyone said no Jack really what's it
know what Rosie's sick of it they want
some spoopy even though Friday the 13th
is about a spoopy everyone this is fine
I have downloaded death Road to Canada
everybody wants to see this game rich
out like our Twitter feed is is abuzz
with people wanting death Road to Canada
okay it didn't look like anything here's
here I looked at the video here's why
I'm guessing everyone suggested this
yeah some of our most popular streams
yeah have been what was that organ trail
sure
they also liked that other Oregon Trail
as Star Trek one which I forget the name
of although Ryan
Orion Trail yes and this looks like this
looks like uh Ryan trail mixed with a
twin stick shooter which is your jam
sure
so I'm guessing that's why we have all
these suggestions that could be death
road to Canada okay yeah yeah yeah you
got the most what you got the most under
bed sheets somewhere I can't see I got I
found it ooh spooky
Oh God
oh wow does had forever
is everyone deaf can you hear anything
else
a hair tool um turned down a smidge Jack
and you managed to smidge I can wait to
two-thirds of one barb
for that yeah try that how's that smidge
how's that smidge no see that's why by
the way everyone is making the joke that
I I know that they were gonna make which
is exactly why I wore a hat with this
because it's not a racist costume if you
wore a hat you can't just be a sheet
ghost rich because what if your head
gets pointy so that's why I have a
fanciful top hat on my head as you see
and a you know a monocle the canvas
cutting motion to top off well they can
still see it and it's and it's against
the back black black background well
that's that's just the thing that's
gonna happen but then again what Ku Klux
Klan member will be caught dead against
a black background
joke oh look we have Halloween costumes
that's adorable
no there's no trick-or-treating tonight
trick-or-treating was on Saturday so I
should not be out trick-or-treating with
my children or else my neighbors would
be very confused
my name is would my neighbors would
would not be happy with me if I went out
trick-or-treating tonight but we went
out on Saturday because that's when we
do it I'm down with that guys
SDC's Chenin who is a real dink yep that
is broken into my home this is probably
a fault certainly isn't mine look I grew
from this zombie bunker Channing called
dibs on this big bedroom before anyone
else what do we do leave him be for now
tell him to cool it you know call him a
dink or convince him to help fight
zombies well obviously you call him a
dink call him a dink st he calls
Channing a pinky Shannon is shocked it's
fun to finally tell him what a dink he
was yes it's true my morale is increased
yes and someone else's morale is
increased boom see you did it you did a
great job got to tell people when
they're Dinks
this looks just like Helldivers yes you
know itself you know what's up medkit
great that's great rich the Halloween
costumes cute touch yeah we need that
for Halloween
yep why didn't that other dink kill him
st greets Christopher I think we'll have
to leave the safe house at least we got
through to rest for a while all denied I
think as we know is that what happened
he's dressing at night oh my good rich
is really hard for me to see in this
costume I know I know we will have to
leave with this safe house at least we
barely got to rest for Yonder wild we
should try sallying forth 12 Canada
would you like me to travel to follow
you on your travels good sir uh yeah we
could always use another party member
and he's a knight he's probably a sword
shit do it take him first
is this mr. blinken cannon expanded
universe no no this is just riches oh my
gosh this is riches last minute
Halloween costume we didn't even think
about wearing costumes until after I got
here and then I had to run home and get
my fur costume my very my very expensive
costume I get the feeling that that hat
on deck is specifically to avoid
anything and making cake engage exactly
that's the whole point that's why I have
the fancy hat and the monocle I'm a
fancy ghost you see and also that
offered me the opportunity when I went
out trick-or-treating to have a wine
glass full of wine well it's full of red
beer but you know then I could have a
little glass what's important with any
Halloween costume is to have some sort
is to incorporate some sort of beverage
that way you can drink while walking
around the neighborhood looking candy
you killing them oh did you lose some
party fine
zombies don't drop loot there is no
advantage to killing them
okay there's what they are saying
boy find a girl oh that would have been
a good idea tard Cory if I had a green
sheet on then I could have been the
Invisible Man oh my god I'm an idiot
it's a good idea I'm an idiot here play
this game why because where is it rich
we going rich now or the ghost is
playing how do you play this game every
different character
okay so hey everybody I'm playing now
character
he's got like a pokey
yeah more like a pokey
watch out for the huge storms running
often beats fighting okay
what
Allen hears rumors that Canada is a safe
place free of the threat of zombies with
nothing to gain from waiting around
Florida he decides to brave the depth
road and travel north characters can't
have personality traits that give them
more options in events hit the road
oh my gourd I see what's happening here
I don't know if this will work you're
gonna be a floating head no that doesn't
work at all hold on that literally
doesn't work at all the way way way way
we got it we just have to debt this up
first of all that doesn't work at all at
all but we just got to do some
adjustments hold on everybody we have to
we have to make Rich's costume I'm gonna
I'm gonna ghost it up for a second here
right
Oh
what
Oh most hold on there we go
how's that that's good enough it's gonna
be good enough for today
look at that now you're a floating head
I have to cover the chair - all right
here we go there you go that's perfect
that's perfect good all right boom and
loading edge so needs a mic well that's
you know obviously okay to start the
journey of the group decides to grab
some supplies from a nearby location in
order to survive death Road you'll need
a to horde as many supplies as you can
so do we want the house on the road the
client factory or the rest stop I'm
gonna say the quiet factory quiet
factory yep the group finds a rundown
Factory
like most factories one would see
nowadays sometimes people try to set up
a safe hideout in the factory side
closet but this usually doesn't end well
your zombie forecast is swarm sighs
sparse okay aggression sluggish okay
current time late morning Evans not bad
we fucked up anything oh it's fine I
think so yeah it's fuzz this is fun oh
is that the background of the game I was
a background in the game just felt was
static yeah I thought that was
green-screen bleed through have you
watched more of stranger things I have
not so I've got lots more experience of
things unfortunately ah whatever never
was costume that was just
but ahead of thing what thing weapon
when you broken
great properties from a German there
might be durability okay
what's up with this music alright sex is
what's up with it it does it kind of
does suck seams where the weapons Reach
is fairly important yeah
Oh got some gas
nice okay can you start holding I have
to sneeze but I'm a headless head
I'm a bodyless head weird on hands which
with to cover up you start with low
stance and tire to swinging too much
okay that's all is that the weapon
heavier weapons do more damage but tire
more avoid fighting okay we got food yes
some stuff I'm getting some some pills
we need clean name these characters huh
check we name the people in our group
nothin my rebar
oh shit I forgot it there was custom
characters but Dec didn't take that
option I wasn't I just started the game
oh no no no we can restart yes
Jona restart yeah be fun name people
leopard-print in chat Oh we'll get new
people yep well get any people's gonna
say I'm probably gonna die anyway listen
you won't you work on time that we can
turn the music down
yep after a long drive the group finds a
safe place to camp the night passes with
no incidents the group eats a decent
meal you lost some food but it really
you lose it we used it right it's nice
having the whole road to yourself the
group spots an infested city from the
road scouting it from afar the group has
to decide whether to fight under the
noon Sun for supplies ah the restaurant
or the umbrella shop at this ghost
headless headless a food restaurant
bodyless head
I say restaurant right Fant fancy ghost
I thought this was a restaurant you have
to walk to the restroom things work
why this music sucks cuz they wanted to
make something that's sucked
that's me that's me
usually isn't actually pretty good I
personally don't care for it it's not my
gym
and now this isn't like a serious spooky
game that doesn't mean music is gone
well the music doesn't meet me okay well
yeah this is just
okay there there's the right truck I see
the restaurant you'll see if there's any
where's that bets up children
garbage
is that get out of here
dang zombies
and I second hit people with a spine
it's great rich I'm loving it I'm loving
it see it you are super into it
mildly into it and 25% of it maybe maybe
15 we'll see ya played zombies ate our
neighbors have loved that game the
neighbors
nice okay that was pretty that was
pretty good haul thing
cheapo lore says a chip oat lore sorry
says jak any spooky movie
recommendations for tonight
not just any horror movie a spooky movie
to get in the Halloween spirit you know
what I really if you're in the mood for
some a little lighter
I recently re-watched that Coraline
movie yeah that's the animated one
stop-motion animation by the same
director who did Nightmare Before
Christmas yeah
and it's that one is genuinely creepy
but that's more of it it's like a kid to
go Coraline yeah horrible another creepy
ones too I mean that's creepy though
yeah they did parent it's the same
company did ParaNorman and I may be
Monster House to I forget but that was a
that was a good one trick R treat the
Bryan Singer horror anthology I think is
pretty spooky and in the in the spirit I
don't want to talk about it we just
watched oh no that's too spooky they
can't handle that yeah now that's that's
too spooky they can't handle that yet
and if you want something not
necessarily Halloween related but just
creepy in general watching The Velvet if
you haven't seen that yet the witch is a
great creepy horror movie so
but you know what you got here we got
lots about lower the music it's hard to
hear us okay any excuse to lower the
music it'll be fun it'll be lowered for
them but not necessarily oh no it's
louder now oh my god hey there the music
is lowered and we can just turn my TV's
volume down alright now it should be low
for you guys one good eye here hold on
yeah I just got one good okay great now
we're doing good you want me to play it
yeah yeah for now if you can cuz you're
you don't have oh my god a hand appeared
oh that's so scary a hand just above my
way
a scary hand away if you like The
Shining you should like the verbage yeah
the the witch's ax is a nice like oh you
know it's it's set in that that in salem
witch trial times it's got a creepy
overall tone to it it has a witch
there's there some decent like horror
imagery near the end and that that one's
that one's really fun I I think if
you're looking just to get into the
Halloween spirit what happened has it I
ran from pendants and you killed Antoine
I didn't kill her the pendants did rich
who are you talking to Alan there's no
one else in the car you're talking to
yourself
so that's really good but if you're
looking for something like Halloweeny ah
then watch trick R treat that that one
that's a fun horror anthology that trick
R treat that on that'll be good times I
kind of know restart and find out how we
can name people okay do it okay that's
high okay I don't care I genuinely think
the footage would have been better if it
did not show the witch at all custom
characters alright I disagree I think I
think the the showing of the which
helped to highlight the monster as
metaphor for the witch I'm not going to
get into too much spoilers because the
which does show rather early in the
lovage but you know the entire movie is
about this young girl's family who think
that the young girl is the witch yeah
right but we know that the young girls
not the witch because we've seen the
vich okay and so you know it's it's all
just a giant metaphor for you know a
young girl growing up and the pressures
that are put on her and you know the the
stigmas that are put on young girls what
keyboard we need to take no okay
I can't hold on when they're Ellen I'm
going to click away for a second I've
asked for the music to be even lower
Leslie they want some game noise let's
find the music slider in the game I'll
turn down the music in the games you
leave it there ok
oh this is the first music it sure is
okay let's what's the no yeah
go back
ah give me zip zero
surely we don't need the witch for that
well yeah we we need to you know for us
as the audience the the young girl is
kind of our I into the story and so like
we don't want to spend time questioning
whether or not she is the which we we
need to be on her side and so showing
that there really was a witch and of
course then we get some fun some fun
scenes with the witch all right yeah
sorry I'm your floating head you're
loading head you are not a help to
anyone anything that's great chattering
lottery okay our first one will be subs
only subs only ready and it's Skippy
Brown congratulations Skippy Brown
Skippy Brown you will be joining the
death Road it's a Canada again I was
telling you that has co-op play oh great
yeah are you in the mood or do you want
to just talk I'll just talk a little bit
Skippy Brown rich no I have you have the
son of a bitch I can't see the Keebler
cousin my stupid skinny brown okay it's
neat how in-depth it looks like their
character crater is that kind of like
that Dave oh is it take from like a pool
let's just make a few people go to
another character can we change another
there we go
and this one is going to be yeah I had
this one we're gonna take from everybody
everybody who's watching and it's Darth
Steve ur star Steve
Darth Stephen estar Stephen us there
Stephen us okay all right and we're here
shit what happened no no that's no
that's Kippy didn't I save that one are
you saving over that one that'll be fine
nope what is happening
hey you're not selected on the name what
apparently if you had space it takes you
back here oh okay no space I'm sorry I'd
help you but I'm just a head I'm just a
floating head right there's nothing I
could do I'm with you let's get them all
Oh God
let's go let's go like six of them okay
no problem
okay and egads Johnson you want my diet
plan you need a sheep you need a green
sheet yeah and some digital magic
you get Johnson oh wait oh fuck we got
to do that first yeah yeah great save
Oh a beard that's a the beards nice
beard e beard the beard is nice I like
that okay and we got farfalle for Fowley
farfalle you get the beard okay our
Fowley great and then i'll see here
random random random random like that
helmet okay
I've were just we're randomly picking
people we're using the Twitter to
randomly choose people from the chat
we have fecal drippings fecal drippings
yeah yeah I know all right one more one
more here we go who's gonna be those are
gonna be yeah that guy looks good it
looks Hannah he looks like Hannibal
Lecter this is being for maximum
fairness these names are being
mechanically selected yep Michael Van
drill for maximum ferret ood crypt of
the necrodancer tonight that's a hard
one to play in stream crypt of the
necrodancer
it's true that is a very hard one to
stream hi there we go old on let me get
back over here that is uh that's a very
heart you really have to concentrate
yes playing that game if if you've never
played that game you you really have to
concentrate all right heads up
all right and is there a way to
guarantee this thing uses your saved
characters
wait wait wait wait wait go back back
back go to the options menu or I can
just just I got it I got you got it I'm
just looking for an option for no I
don't see it I think it just takes a
randomly man I think it's I don't know
if it's for like when you're starting
guy but we got him we got him in there
now
oh it says familiar faces mode Oh
where's that where's that options yes
return to the screen
wait where does it say that Oh a new
game select it's in game mode not
options okay start game mode okay there
we go
most Road recruits you meet are now
familiar characters great boom start
great rich we did it we did it
Alan hears rumors it Canada is a safe
place free of the threat of zombies
we've kind of read this before yeah I'm
good
great hit the road let's see here
gobbledygook says Jack are you dead mr.
peanut the ghost of Uncle Scrooge
or an undead mr. monopoly also rich
thanks for giving us a little head this
holidays little head cuz you're just
ahead you get it you get it like a very
big head I like that I like that I'm the
death of the monopoly man I've led a
horrible life and now I'm cursed to
haunt the earth I shouldn't have been so
obsessed with material things I say here
Chris Kaelin says help I have no idea
where Chatwin and I have been gone a
long time also today's my birthday
Halloween is my birthday go well happy
birthday Halloween that's fun Halloween
remember you don't asserted get anything
for killing zombies except for them not
you know not to fuck around with zombies
they should they should know yep it's a
floating head and a ghost because it's a
spooky stream it's a spooky Halloween
stream we're super spooky you can tell
that I'm wearing a hat and everything so
I can't you can't the game is dark well
I'm wearing a hat you know what at very
least I don't have a pointy head no
matter what I just watched trick or
treat tonight for the first time now has
this anthology not had a sequel yet I
don't think it performed very well
that's party well you know usually a
movie has to be profitable in order for
them to make a sequel to it I don't know
if it was I don't even know if it was
out in theaters trick or treat
I didn't hear about it until recently I
don't feel like I found enough but oh
well
oh well is it is what it is I think it
did really well on video well I think
that's a Halloween classic at this point
trick R treat reefer K yeah the young
ones went trick-or-treating yesterday or
not yesterday Saturday we went trick we
had trick-or-treating on Saturday so
today is just Tuesday that's all today
is gross just a normal Tuesday I'm sorry
that's alright we did we we played a
little game before I came over tonight
we played more of that underlings of
underwing that dragon hatching game it's
adorable
when your sister comes to visit I'm
gonna bring it if she wants to play more
games did she play board games my sister
probably okay she ever be okay with a
lot of things I don't know okay she's a
fan of the Japanese role-playing games
okay
she'd probably be down with Final
Fantasy oh yeah well but but like would
she be down with playing a game and
talking I think that's a lot to ask for
a person who's never streamed before
thing should be okay okay
I believe she's invited I believe it's
it's already in the works I'm gonna
bring so I'm gonna bring some options
just in case cuz that you know I know
streaming and playing a game is not
always easy for people and so you know
we're gonna bring out we're gonna bring
out some board games like it sorry
like underlings of underwing which is a
dragon hatching game losing a lot of
morale I think that just happens
well tell a joke or something man get
him back on your side alright so I can't
walk through the trash zombies there
where's Jack Jack died and you are now
being haunted by the ghost of Jack
where's my gun press it did a whatever
thank so what happens if you move the
other stick bullets I know I do
apparently I don't have a gun even
though I have a gun
oh and I picked about me oh and she's
hitting people where they're not
shooting it dumbass put that my gun
shoot it well once you get back in the
car you can like maybe make her give it
to you thanks oh my gosh uses it as a
fire melee weapon that's great I think
you have all the bullets no wonder our
morale is so low get back in the car
what are you doing
going the wrong way apparently loot all
the things sure when are you playing
cymbal we'd Park you hacks it'll be a
while
it took us a while to get to space quest
to man simple weeds of love full blowing
point-and-click is their voice accent in
thimble whedon because that's kind of
our stick when we play those kind of
games we like to do the voices alright
useful things show up right as a glow
yeah okay crusher of city says you can
swap characters and equipment between
characters in the menu you don't have to
go back to the car you should check all
the houses I guess I just off characters
no cuz she doesn't have any bullets you
have the bullets don't think yeah see
you have 67 bullets oh she has no
bullets I gotta figure out how to shoot
people though a piece of wood oh is it
target oh oh in thimble wheat apparently
you can turn off the voices so then then
then it gets a may because like the
voice acting is part of what makes it
fun for us how we could pass this
garbage you can't I don't think can you
hit it can you hit the garbage with
something no I only have a gun right now
I need another melee weapon what
happened to your bet he gave it to
answer med so she would have something
after I took the gun she had oh sure
true dad
I just don't think you can get past that
garbage I think that's part of the
random generation but there's a glow
thing for going on this room no maybe
you need it for an aide or something you
can't open the other door
what other door there's a door above
that door we just went around up a
garbage but I couldn't get through no no
no go out now go up into the left no
down yeah I couldn't get in there it's
garbage
look oh I thought you were in the bottom
door listen but they're both the same
things going out of both that's weird
yes that's weird okay Turner Wilkinson
and says gloat just means you haven't
been in there or opened something okay
it doesn't necessarily mean there's loot
great thanks guys hey guys says Zoo TV
you can appreciate good movies as a
source of entertainment but has there
has there been any universally
agreed-upon bad games you still like
basically what's your Tammy and the
t-rex of gaming any bad games that you
like probably right like that's a it's
hard to think of wait did you just break
a chair and then get a piece of wood oh
that's fun that's cute
I like that
that's that's tough to think about
actually like because yeah generally if
a game is bad like there are there have
been games were aspects of it I didn't
enjoy but I kept playing because other
aspects I did enjoy right it was a very
recent example I can think what I don't
I don't want to spoil anything okay
before we we have a chance to talk about
it but that's considered to be a good
game yeah there are aspects I'm going
into it well sure there are aspects I
don't enjoy about it is what I'm saying
that's the question I know rich like
mighty number 9 I didn't hate it
unlike everyone else I found it had some
good aspects to it I still don't like it
that much
oh there you go a black mark has a good
like pub G for me I played a lot of pub
G and I never liked playing it but I
always wanted to like it pub G is my I
think I'm looking for the game that most
people say is bad
oh sure but you like it despite that
it's what they're looking for I don't
have that then I'm sorry start the car
this gives cute yep
I don't know that's gonna hold my
interest for long right but it's cute
sure
did you ever egg or toilet paper any
houses when you were younger did you
ever vandalized stuff on Halloween now I
did so I did some stuff I did some stuff
in my younger days yeah
from from the country we moved into what
happened Alice sands garden for the
night he falls asleep almost instantly
the next morning a bunch of supplies are
missing Oh Oh bitch that was painful
yeah so we moved from Helen you suck
well it up where was the into an enter
in that you're ambushed by a giant
spider well Ellen I don't trust you to
do anything anymore Antoinette's gonna
smoosh the spider great morale decreases
yeah buddy get five food spider meat
that's not in case we moved from the
country into the suburbs and and I ran
in III started running with some
hooligans and so we we would TP people's
houses yeah I don't think we ever egged
anyone we did try a couple flaming bags
of dog poop you know that old trick
where you light you light a bag of dog
poop on fire on someone's porch and then
they're supposed to stomp it out and get
dog poop on their shoes but here is the
problem nobody fell for it right and so
they would just let it burn out and like
scoop it up like not getting dog poop on
shoes so I was always like I was a
little disappointed by that a little
more innocently in high school me and a
group of friends on several occasions
would would would go and find furniture
on the side of the road you know like
couches and chairs and
and tables and stuff and if we could
find enough pieces we would actually go
around pick all of them up in like
someone's pickup truck and leave them on
a friend's lon
but arrange them as if it was a real
living room and so we'd go to a friend's
house and like put a couch a coffee
table a chair like an old busted TV on a
TV stand and arrange on their front yard
to look like a living room just as a
joke didn't rain on the furniture no
this is furniture that was left out for
the garbage we would pick it up and
arrange it and we would laugh and laugh
but parents got real pissed and they
knew it was us like it wasn't you know
and we'd come and clean it up like a day
or two later but parents did not like
that I thought it was an innocent trick
yeah the other thing I used to do with
my group of friends at high school prank
wise is we would spam each other
the idea of spamming is finding the most
ridiculous thing you can at the grocery
store ie a canister of spam and hide it
somewhere in your friend's room and wait
for them to find it and so you know
you'd find like pickled pig's feet or
spotted dick or you know stuff like like
the weird stuff that you find in the
grocery store that you don't know why is
there right sure exactly yeah exactly
and then you hide it somewhere at your
friend's house and wait for them to find
it and then they have to find the next
thing and hide it in your house okay you
think I think we're getting rid of
violence I got my gun though Bunny's a
jerk
he's has your gun can you take the gun
before you kick him out maybe leave
someone well
whoa it's egad Johnson it's nice to see
a familiar face he is staring at a map
with an expression of total confusion
trait frantic whiner perc surgeon oh
yeah you want him all right all right
the city is covered with hordes of
undead and wreckage that has been
touched by previous fire the group gets
surrounded and their only chance is
sprinting through the sewers oh shit I
should hunting time late-night I mean
you got any kind of guts to yeah we just
keep driving through Dallin let's see
here Joe kitty double O once as hey guys
thanks for doing something you'd be this
month if you didn't you would have to
you would have had a first foot up on
you forever
or until you played harvester on GOG
originally this month yeah I want to do
this whole thing with
Polybius yeah and well you are familiar
with Polybius because we talked about
him which talked about Polybius we
should app Livius is an old urban legend
a game that was supposedly in arcades
back in the 80s and you know men and men
in black would be attending the machines
and it's played the machines that weird
things what happened to their mind
they'd forget things they'd get angry at
a personality would change this whole
this whole thing and like bunch of
people started doing a video on it
recently yeah we can't do it now that
was the problem is like you showed me
someone made like a little mini
documentary about polybius and they're
like hey maybe we could do something
like where we where we go under the
influence of polybius but like the
documentary clearly debunks the
existence of Alypius and so like I was
an intern just because I was like the
the one thing you showed me about it
confirms that it doesn't exist doesn't
matter you really feel matters the angry
video game just did just did it yeah and
the person who did that video you're
talking about I want to say the YouTube
channel is called ahoy uh-huh but I'm
not 100% sure in any case it's a very
good video about polybius that actually
tries to get to the truth yeah yeah I
agree and we're gonna know it seems like
a bad place to be
yeah gather Jackie's sheet faced ha
that's funny that's a good one guys you
did it
Allen Randers go game man
zombie pointer and use ZP to unlock
traits perks and more in the title
screen you're saying retro Ajo is fuckin
great
well great group camps out in a pro shop
you're a golf course
Antoinette looks out the window and sees
a large group of zombies approaching
from the driving range shoot golf balls
at the zombies prepare for siege drive
away with no loops no sleep shoot golf
balls at zombies even playing too much
golf story I know I don't know we're
both hurt oh shit you should have
stretched first
oh my god Antoinette is killed oh shit
oh well yeah Johnson treats all of his
wounds though so you know we got that
girl flowers why is gothic farm glowing
very dangerous dangerous egad Johnson's
he's a farm swarm by an angry horde yeah
to old-fashioned farmers run into their
house they could still be saved
zombie forecast is very thick aggression
mega cheese current time near sunset
they are not happy
oh hey look you're gonna have a gun
you're gonna need that gun was that
selected no now go over to your carry
slot and now is the app boom
what's up for me you have four of them
yep now you have three of them Jack
trigger Joyce I have not been keeping up
with the CW DC shows I have not there's
been there's been actually good things
to watch recently so I have not been
keeping up with my CW shows I've been
keeping up with Dirk Gently season two I
show I enjoy generally speaking I tried
to I've been trying to watch I'm not oh
gee oh Jesus where's your gun I'm dead I
think I'm pretty sure I'm dead you died
you died dang it and yeah I think I'm
done okay that answers your question of
is is worth ten dollars there you go
Flo at the Florida computer and
front-loading feet of Rama
I've been tried been really trying to
like give a decent chance to Inhumans
because like I in general like Marvel
yeah but holy
Christ is that show unbearable it's just
the worst and it does not seem to be
interested in getting any better
Jagga still not finished stranger things
season two so we will not be talking
about in fact I haven't gotten any
further um what was that was that yes
that was that was yesterday on Monday I
was I was all I was all ready to watch
some strange of things when the wife
comes in the office and says hey if we
leave right now we can go watch Blade
Runner yeah that was like fuck yes so we
went and saw Blade Runner 2049 instead
of watching straight instead of watching
three episodes of stranger things we
will have the new Blade Runner because
it's fucking 18 hours long alright so
what's the last tip you read Wow how
about that okay
did you read the one about you being the
ghost of mr. peanut yep yep I sure did I
read the one about playing harvester on
GOG yep
okay Groundhog Day nope huge asses
thanks for the spooky streaming yes
always a fun time
speaking of spooky spooky stuff yeah
what movie had an unintentional horror
element for you to me it's absolutely
Groundhog Day the premise used to freak
me out I don't I don't think that's
unintentional I think Groundhog Day just
has darker elements to it Bill Murray
really wanted to make that movie dark
yeah the movie had unintentional horror
that's it you know what that's a really
good question
sextet wah wah wah starring Mae West oh
you know what it did what was it for me
as a kid
fucking the neverending story yeah when
you get to the wolf and a tray you dying
in the mud
and if the world starts crumbling and
falling apart oh jesus H Christmas that
that would that freak the fuck out of me
do you like the ability to pick stuff up
crusher of cities says holy cow my
friends and I you see the same thing
with my truck I'm big trash day love for
game choice tonight sure I just tip bits
but I'm legit that happy too legit too
legit to quit something hey that's
that's why we you know bits were kind of
forced upon us we don't really get a
choice on whether or not bits were
enabled but you know if that's what
people like to tip with we're not gonna
stop you what did you think of I fucking
loved Blade Runner and here's what I can
say with certainty rich yeah I think you
would like it I might know Jay likes it
I Jay felt the same way I did about the
original right I fuckin loved it I
thought it was I thought it was
beautiful and wonderful to me that way
it was a near-perfect movie not not a
perfect movie as I think it easily could
have shaved like 10 minutes off the
runtime and I would have been really
happy with it just 10 huh
right yeah yeah cuz you know obviously
that's a tough call
in the run time you want it you want to
have the right mood and atmosphere but
yeah it felt long it felt a just a hair
too long not not aggressively long but
just a hair too long
check the only way J could be wrong
about his opinion of Blade Runner is if
his opinion of Blade Runner wasn't what
he says it was it's an opinion yeah
agreed
and but here's what I'll say here's what
I think I here's why I think you would
like it yeah as compared to the original
Blade Runner Blade Runner 2049 story the
story of Blade Runner 2049 moves ok it
has a really nice drive to it and and
you understand I'm not fully avoiding it
I plan to see it when it's on video but
yeah I have no one to go to see it a
theater with my god other should I need
to do if you can if you if you have the
opportunity see it in the theater
because the sound design is wonderful
mm-hmm and then you know with this
surrounds or like I don't know if you
have like nice headphones at home but
like this the surround sound was whoever
like I I could I could gush but I don't
want to because um spoilers and stuff
but I could gush I've really enjoyed it
in the morning there's a moose outside
the camp it looks injured and it is just
glaring at the group even injured a
moose is really powerful creature
probably best not to mess with it now
Karen is not going to want to watch the
WaveRunner Karen has trouble staying
awake for normal-sized movies she is a
she habitually falls asleep in movie
theaters even if it's something she
really wants to see she will fall asleep
in the movie theater
nice nice there's a supply crepe but if
a dog poop on the handle and so the
question was do you open it even though
it has dog poop on the handle
she likes the philip k dick book though
right yes but she has expressed no
interest in going to see the movie even
when I told her it was a thing that
exists that is in the theaters
she likes the book Karen's a reader
Karen's a reader yeah some people just
start movie people and that's okay
everybody you know what other book she
loved it huh Hitchhiker's Guide to the
galaxy you know what she did we want to
see the movie she fell asleep in the
theater okay well then there you go
let's rest what she wants to see this it
I just have no interest in it she wants
to see it yeah then you might need just
a little compromising like okay we'll
see it but then you got to see Blade
Runner with me weedwacker
play better you needed to be experienced
in the theater you sound like such a
pretentious talk when you say that right
yeah not you know he's your well it's
like and I want to agree with that
person in that it I I think it's it's
one of those theater experiences because
of the surround sound you're gonna
you're gonna have a better time in the
theater Oh God
but equally if you have a nice pair of
headphones with surround sound
capabilities but I think sound design
shouldn't be ignored when it comes to
Blade Runner but just as a movie going
experience alone it's it's filled with
all the things I love in movies it's the
only way to experience the feeling ton a
ton of great visual metaphors what a
what a night what a nice film that Blade
Runner is and and you know just another
weird example of a of a like a modern
sequel to an older movie that that
actually pulled it off you know to me
this is this is up there in the Mad Max
fury road category of I can't believe
this is a good thing because usually
they're garbage
flying fun that's cool I'm sorry I was a
bit that was a big dickish of it that
was a bit bigger for me and I formally
apologize Blade Runner fans could be so
obnoxious about it yeah and you know we
guys we got to be cool we got to be cool
about it you know it's okay for didn't
like your result
I lost something
what's villain villain fu how do you say
his name oh I have no idea what's his
next project there won't be one because
apparently it's late run it play Blade
Runner did not fare well I bet it's
gonna clean up at the the technical
Oscars like sound design sound editing
blah blah like it's gonna clean up at
those Oscars it's probably even gonna
get nominated for a couple that poor
that poor dude
but you know a rival didn't do great in
the theaters and now the new Blade
Runner hasn't done great in the theaters
but damn does he make some good movies
you haven't seen a rival yet either no I
know I need to see that if you like
you're gonna be a fan of this guy can I
rest
oh you just need health supplies
everyone else is dead huh yeah alright I
had health supplies
oh no I dropped them cuz my character
got killed
is it Raider game yeah
it's hard sci-fi just not profitable
anymore
not really Star Trek wasn't the hardest
science-fiction of all time and look
what they've done to that that I'm gonna
make a mole palatable to a mainstream
audience and this is this is what
happens when the cost of making media
goes up you know no they need to make
the money back yeah oh yeah yeah
basically this this director whatever
his name is villainville ooh is gonna
get a sweet netflix deal after this
because people you know he's very
critically successful
not necessarily box-office wise so
something like the expanse so something
like well no I think the expanse is
doing very well for sci-fi I said like
the expense oh yeah we doing a TV show
that science fiction demon exactly but
not like stranger things wouldn't
necessarily reach a wide audience
outside of Netflix but because Netflix
is what they are they're okay catering
to the niche market stranger things
would need some serious fucking editing
to even work on a theater you need to
cut out entire characters and subplots
to get rid of the teenagers I'm sorry
oh yeah like they would like it if you
were to smoosh that down into a movie
you know a couple episodes into a movie
or even have that on like regular
television they would they would pick at
it so much
what what can't get rid of Steve look I
love Steven season 2 you can easily get
rid of Steve yep but he's great in
season 2 Hey fecal drippings heard
people are pooping on ready player one
already
just just reading the Wikipedia page
about the book it sounds like a fucking
reference mess it's gonna be a nightmare
it sounds like there's no value to it
other than reference reference reference
reference yes and I have a hard time
imagining being a legitimately good
movie yes I agree with you
which book ready player one is what
we're talking about at the moment yeah
that just from the excerpts I've read
online it sounds unbearable remember
that thing is that thing you remember
thing
crocodile brain says ie you're playing
my request here's ten bucks on me can't
watch the stream because kids are still
up
thanks again can't wait to watch the
replay unless you're still a broadcast
down later let's see so what's what's
the plan for tomorrow I thought this was
replacing tomorrow okay
I just wanted to confirm that that's
what goes happen you know that doesn't
have to happen well I guess we'll see
how late we go tonight I'm I think I'm
starting to feel a cold coming on I
think I'm okay with preemptively not
streaming tomorrow okay I got I got that
back of the throat soreness coming on oh
shit oh shit man yeah we still have Oh
we have other stuff to to record today
or not today this week I'd like to
probably over a decade
I like the I actually really people
criticized it for going down the magic
route but I like the first part of j ms
a--'s ron as a writer was a job jake j m
Straczynski okay John is a John Michael
or something Michael Jan Michael no yeah
might be Jan Michael sister in ski
sounds am Straczynski though okay I like
the first half of his run then when he
started doing Gwen Stacy's goblin babies
uh-huh that's when he lost me took a
sharp dive for me after that
ah Gwen Stacy's goblin babies that's
great fix my the Babylon 5 guy also did
the Ghostbusters cartoon the first
season oh yeah yeah oh why the first
season - that is really good there was a
cure for being a nerd would you take it
when you're what you're what you're
saying is would you like to not be you
I'm fine with being me yeah yeah I kind
of like me being me sometimes and when I
don't like being me I just change what
I'm doing that's quiet hotel
flashlights with us here we go scuse me
excuse me uh where's the NGO Michael
we're talking about spider-man ones I
promise I last an avid reader uh yeah of
the books yeah yeah so I guess that's
mid to somewhat early two-thousands
I don't know okay yeah you know comics
comics are tough man they're tough to be
into they're tough to stay in - when did
to wonder altima the spider-man that's a
good question
that's a tough question they started to
get I'm still reading it for a little
while but they started to get bad when
they did their Clone Saga yep it just
reinforces the notion that spider-man
should never do Clone Saga oh my god
never ever ever which have you read the
very early spider-man comics yes and I
love them in a young 15 year old rich
Evans loved reading those old classic
stories about a young 15 year old Peter
Parker I also loved when a guy who wrote
marbles Alex what's his name what's his
name he did it
no he's the writer I can't like his name
yesterday after Kurt Kurt music let's
make you see better now you pronounce
his last name but he did untold tales of
spider-man which the continuity of
untold tales Byron takes place like in
between the classic Stan Lee and Steve
Ditko spider-man issues oh yeah like
there'll be an Asterix like what issue
would takes place between haha this
story takes place between issues 4 & 5
of the amazing spider-man yeah yeah
those were great I'm failing
did I ever read spider-man 2099 or any
of the 2099 series I like spider-man
2099 at first and I I don't I don't know
just it didn't find a focus direction
which is going in circles and then I
lost interest
hmm you know I'm still trying to
remember when the clones started in
ultimate spider-man that was that was
early that was way earlier than you
would think I was like 30 or 40 40 I
would say 40 50s now yeah
and that's that's where I kind of fell
off of those yeah Clone Saga and and
Gwen Stacy became carnage or maybe
courage became gwen stacy it wasn't
clear and I think carnage became him
Stacy that's what it was yeah and I
stayed for all all 100 of the gun I
stayed for all 100 issues of their run
together the the shit
Cubert not Qbert Mark Bagley and Bendis
Brian Bendis Bendis the entire Bendis
Bagley run I read all of ya
not necessarily cuz I wanted to but I
think like I made it to like issue 60 or
something and then they had mentioned
that this you know they were good they
were gonna do a long run and this is
gonna be a long yeah but whenever I talk
about ultimate spider and that's also
what I am referring to I have not read
any of the the current ultimate
spider-man Miles Morales sure I've not
read any of that so oh and I've read a
few issues of that I think it's alright
no it didn't catch me
didn't catch me like like ogee ultimate
spider-man but Brian Brian Venice's
mistake with ultimate spider-man
you know the Peter Parker version was
just too too many story arcs were the
worst thing the most dramatic worst
thing that ever happened and it got it
got exhausting to read yeah yeah you got
fatigued in real fast stop being fun it
became a horror story yeah all of the
time 100% misery all the time by the way
you're absolutely true that's that's
absolutely correct you just you just
felt bad for everyone who lived in this
world take a break now bring it down a
notch cut off this story our Peter
Parker he looks for the bank robbers
like to you your remember those first
couple of issues he would hang out with
Wolverine and just have a fun time we do
that again can he just go on an
adventure with Wolverine we're over it
like do you remember that issue that was
yeah yeah when they switch bodies
yeah they switch but or no no he kept
finds him unconscious I thought the
other brain swapped
issue maybe I was later he finds him
unconscious and like rescues him and
saves him and then like he follows
around Wolverine going for the city and
like Wolverine goes to visit like like
Black Widow and Peter Parker who's the
teenager sees like a woman for the first
time he's like what you know some
attractive ladies I love it well do they
switch bodies was a Wolverine in his
body like coming on like oh is that Mary
Jane and Stacy they swear they did that
oh it's been so it's been for fucking
ever
but you know what I guess the point of
it is they were having some fun in the
beginning issues of ultimate spider-man
they were having some fun with it
hexxus prime sense practice prime
sending you guys gifts from Singapore
okay any Asian snacks or food you like
also sending Duran flavored stuff hope
you guys try eating that on stream or
best of the worst that we've gotten
we've gotten like Asian snacks before
and I don't eat them because I can't
read the ingredients usually and I have
lots of allergy issues that I have to
worry about oh yeah yeah announcer
seafood or something it'll-it'll mess me
up
low-key be 85s as high Wreckers I really
like seeing the gem of war footage on
the print kettle optics we love seeing
more that really works out the four
thumbs maybe just review retrospective
about uh we'll see we'll see
yep we have a gun no check HUD check
your inventory right not really that was
Dori I don't know that we're especially
eager for the ship we did in high school
getting up there just garbage if it was
good it would be out already
I don't have an EpiPen because my
allergies has not been deathly but but
they could be they might be getting
worse as I age that happens it's
possible skin of my teeth made it up by
the skin of my fucking teeth my it all
into movies that aren't sci-fi or
fantasy I'm sure like Madison John Rowe
that that I obsess over like the drama
oh I love dramas but I'm sure I've seen
dramas I've liked like a good
old-fashioned action movie you know die
hard
that's not sci-fi there's not fantasy
just a nice action movie well it's a
wonderful life
oh yeah Shawshank that's one of my
favorites of all time
Shawshank Redemption is fuckin great
there you go everybody like Shawshank
everybody likes Shawshank leave the
Moose alone somebody playing with a
moose
there was a moose I got a and last time
I thought there was an injured moose and
last time I tried to heal the moose and
the moose attacked me so this time I
decided to leave the moose alone door
response an extra tall pile of garbage
near some buildings it's maybe over 12
feet tall littered littering got pretty
bad near the collapse of civilization
extra large can of baked beans is stuck
me at the top let's climb the garbage
pile we got some food but we lost some
around that's fine we got food wonderful
life is technically offense isn't it I
guess it is I guess it is do you want
some of the movies people send you any
of you guys like Bollywood movies look
the only Bollywood movie I've ever seen
was that robot one that's a fun one
that's a fun one extremely long
yeah well that's Bollywood mess pranks
in general no as far as we watch any of
the movies people son DOS that's that's
best of the worst welcome to the show
yeah yeah in high school I had I had a
few Indian friends and so we would watch
Bollywood movies and of course I was
fascinated by them I don't remember any
of their titles because they were out
like you know his parents
came from India and so like they were
all like Indian movies and but yeah we
would watch them every once in a while
and they they're weird man yeah they're
great they're great it's so different
maybe a new game could help me yeah
maybe it could did rich we're all green
tonight what you talking about I'm a
disembodied head floating disembodied
head whoa that's someone uh someone give
me an uptight give me enough time do you
want to I swear just amount I think
we're good for switching to something
else I want to double check the uptime
well no yep we're fine oh good let's
switch to something else I don't care
for this all right that's all right I'm
not alone that's all right
what questions we go under the old
standby Friday the 13th we're gonna look
for something else small and spooky Oh
take the perks entry blue Prizm says hey
rich do me a favor and say hi Sidney
there you go hello Sidney something
you're talking about someone named
Sidney and not the city no organ trail
that's probably a bit too similar to
what we just did
yep yeah I have to look for the mouse
but uh I have I have absolutely no
peripheral is the thing you need to know
about me and this costume I hold on
first hold on looking for games looking
for games
everybody is having their you know
Halloween sales at the moment which is
great
wait is this previously recorded or is
it live ah now you get the title do we
have a confetti button we don't have a
confetti book oh god damn it we need a
confetti I forgot that we forgot to give
beginning we need a confetti that was
that was a confetti worthy comment you
think that was confetti they got it
there was a celebration they got it oh
they go you did it you know you
understand the joke what's the what's
the Halloween sale how do I go to the
Halloween sale GOG what's the game you
guys wanted me to play you you've been
talking about what GOG is Doom 3 now oh
okay quake 4 nice I have it on disk but
it'd be nice just to have a just a fully
digital version without DRM for that
yeah I might I might get me that quake 4
huh it's on sale right now well how much
is it quake 4 it's $5 me know I'm logged
in as me I goddamn it you'll have to
remember later yeah yeah now blood boil
a head and I couldn't get into too much
there was a game on GOG that you said I
should get who said it who said it and I
won't play the full throttle I hated
hallow night you guys you guys are not
helping
yeah we might mean we have dead space
that's spooky
I don't think we've played it in a year
right right we play that last spooky
game the static speaks my name is what
you're looking for a 20 to 30 minute
game psychological horror psychological
horror there's gonna be a walking
simulator fucking hell you know it is
none of these are the game that you said
I should play blood-borne let's stop the
stream and go home and get your ps4 and
come back okay okay let's do that
we'll come back tomorrow play so much
that we can all get annoyed by how bad
it is
fucking right somebody asked earlier
there's a game you want to see made no
movie at soma oh there you go yeah I
don't want to see the game but I'd like
to see it made as a movie that would be
a great movie agreed agreed
what are we going on I thought Villa
knew to direct it oh yeah yeah I mean
obviously he's great at everything he
does all right come on rich help me out
here I'm told stories looks just like
stranger things it's probably another
walking simulator probably in walks from
you just to click on things
No yeah you know no I don't think that
would work well on the stream that looks
like yeah that looks like a lot of a lot
of listening and talking this is this is
this a halloween specific section these
don't look very scary these are just on
sale these are the ones on sale they're
having a Halloween sale there's Jack the
Ripper layers of fear that's gonna suck
you know it huh you know it you know
it's gonna play somebody's shitty
I'm fine with those layers of fear is a
first-person psychedelic horror game
with a heavy focus on the know players
take control of a painter whose sole
person is Paul Burress is to finish his
magnum opus exploration that's gonna be
my guest so we're doing it and you don't
have to we're doing it it's gonna be
horrible so we're doing it it's gonna be
absolutely horrible oh yeah what you're
saying is we're doing all right great
all right you guys wanted it here it is
check it out now downloading for four
dollars layer of fear layers of fear
saying there are a bunch of scary ghosts
and what your three is that what you
guys want
oh wait they played observer did we is
that I think that's the game you tar are
talking about did I play that one which
one isn't that's the game I was at
looking for earlier observer click
search effort that's the game word this
a game really short route how do you
search oh here it is lots of people
upset that we did that didn't do the
ghost quest with the other ending for
what you're three I think you could know
when you played it the first time but
what do you mean the ghost quest the
ghost course we streamed with the the
the ghost have killed the guy yeah
there's sad we didn't get the other
ending for that I didn't know there was
no well you couldn't no I just played
how I would want to play it I think this
is the game they were talking about
before what is this I don't recall this
but you might have streamed it without
me I don't think I've stream this
the years 2084 you somehow survived the
nano phage odds and you were killed in
the war
now phage the disease that that one
species has in Voyager that's just the
phage oh the phage that's why guys
adventure simulation horror I don't know
about this guy's
I have no mouth and I'm a scream is that
a game
that's a Harlan Ellison short story that
they turned into a game and it's an
adventure point-and-click yeah
I'm just throwing out things I rich I'm
gonna be honest with you I really
thought you had a plan this is kind of
okay well you know wait no Chet didn't
want to do that yeah my plan which is
probably the 13th the chat was just like
a great no that actually was my plan oh
yeah well let's do your plan then man
all right let's do your fucking plan
just get upset you know I was getting
set up for spooky games time is there oh
there is it's spooky games time rich
we're gonna do we're gonna pulverize
Fuuka games you don't wants to watch
we'll come back rich blew it okay
I asked the chat for a consensus yeah
and I got a consensus yeah and I was
just thinking about you people man
I'm not thinking about you guys yep Oh

[Part II]
I'm not thinking about you guys yep oh I
hit my hand on the microphone
I can't see the fucking keyboard you
could just take the sheet off I think I
can't see the keyboard rich you can just
take the sheet off it's better it's
better mouth I'm spooky god damnit rich
can't always take away my spookiness in
the 13th there we go there we go
there we go we did it turn you up a
little bit
all right you up here so we can hear all
right all right
do you go ahead man you play you own the
implant you place it you literally just
said that you want to play I'm like this
is what you said jerk big meanie mean
mcmean take a shot of Jack every time
you die yeah that's interesting
jack is drinking heavily under the sheet
there's a region select now that's
that's new oh that's good I am I am
drinking under the sheet I'm drinking
water under the sheet hey what happened
to the layers of fear we decided against
it every chat flipped out rich flipped
out I flipped out we all flipped out and
and now we're here which I'm okay with
this is a perfectly spooky game to be
playing on Halloween
hey Jack fat at Packard how much you
love blink on Doctor Who that's oh
that's a good episode that's a very good
episode what she got her strength bad
stealth average stamina just below
average speed disrepair yeah she might
not be bad yeah give her a try she's got
a cool outfit I don't have time to get
her perks it here though do I know no I
don't want that one it's fine yeah oh I
didn't get to select her growling oh my
girl I hope I'm not Jason I totally do
not remember how to play this game at
all I've forgotten literally everything
about this game okay well there you go
well there you go yes a blink but oh
yeah blink blink ax is a is a landmark
episode for the new run of Doctor Who
it's a an amazing episode if you if you
have someone who you think might be into
Doctor Who
show them blink first it's it's it's a
wonderful episode on its own even though
you know me I like to start the series
at the earliest point possible blink is
one of those episodes that you could
just show someone in though they'd get
in the doctor and it speaks to how I
feel they have ruined the show and they
took one of the
amazing enemies and and turned them into
a joke they took the weeping angels and
turned them into it's goddamn joke to
play this game
which I don't
well sita beerus that's that's the great
thing about that episode is you don't
necessarily need to know anything about
the doctor to get into it and you know
you know that there's someone traveling
somewhere and trying to help but the
execution the way in which they go about
helping is clever and hopefully that
will pique someone's interest into the
doctor can their whole situation I think
it does work as a standalone episode it
works better if you know that the
doctors not there but it can work is
just a standalone episode that's a
sluggish response time and that duck but
yeah blinks great that's like a third of
a second after I hit the button doctor
who used to be great but I have not
watched Doctor Who in two maybe three
seasons I don't even know where they are
now yeah I don't even remember how to
run you you're doing every to doing a
great job you're doing a great job
you're not dead yet yeah congratulations
by that garage I don't need to go there
yeah
no idea what I'm doing right out because
I've forgotten everything about this
game but so but yeah I haven't watched I
haven't watched any Capaldi I didn't
want to the last bit of Matt Smith's run
the new Doctor Who again I don't care
about the show if Moffat is still the
showrunner I just won't care once once
he's gone maybe I'll come back I know
the actress she was on the first season
broadchurch and she is very good in it
and so I know the actress she's very
good and I bet she'll be a great doctor
who but that's about that's about all I
know about Doctor Who at this point
Moffat's terrible but he's leaving so
the first half of this last season was
so good Oh see now we're talking as soon
as that dickheads done now I'll come
back when did he take over as the
showman Babs since he's been around
since is he at one point he was a writer
on Doctor Who and then but they had a
different showrunner someone who no knew
how to rein him in and yeah as soon as
he took over a showrunner the show went
into a steady but constant down slide he
he was to schlocky for his own good and
the stories didn't make much sense it
was it was terrible so is dr. pool woman
yet
I think that's next season okay that's
one day I think it's still Capaldi Peter
Capaldi he took over with the Matt Smith
one yeah and you know the first season
with Matt Smith wasn't terrible I don't
know this man at all but yeah now that I
know he's gone I might pick it up again
because that was a show that I enjoyed
for a long time they had a lot of good
runs yeah this is my first time playing
with the hippie guy but like I have not
played this game in forever
at this point I have zero idea what I'm
doing
hmm and I've got a sheet covering my
hands all right we're gonna back up the
person with the gas here yeah we'll get
out together yeah capaldis I'm sure I'm
shit like I don't doubt that Capaldi is
a fine doctor I just will I care about
any of his stories because muffets in
charge but they're saying actually the
person who directed broadchurch which
was a great
is now the is going to be the new
showrunner of Doctor Who so that's
that's double good that's double fucking
good every time I call the doctor doctor
who my niece gets annoyed and corrects
me right yeah Stefan muffin Stefan
Muffet ruined Doctor Who maybe maybe
they can turn it around oh I did
blueberry I did hear about that that's a
fine thing to talk about a PlayStation
had a recent slew of announcements new
games and whatnots and they have
announced spelunky to Derek Hugh is
working on spelunky - that was an
unfortunate Ryan I did not mean to
are used to carrying the gas in lady
very possible a fine question
but yeah like I don't know how I feel
about going to two obviously I really
like spelunky also announced guacamelee
to
I'm so fucked I am as they say hosed oh
the gas shows up on the map now look at
that did it show up before no just when
she dropped it I don't know how I feel
about that edition the question is does
it show like does it only show up after
someone grabs it from the location all
right we'll go into the other car see
you like look it's not it's not showing
up on the map now because you're holding
it
but in the case of Lanka - could be
great I know you know they made a really
good game before so all these people are
coming together to make you know the
sequel to a game that I fucking love I'm
excited about that I have no other
thoughts because they've they've given
us no look at the gameplay yet they've
given us no idea what spelunky 2 will be
so I can't go super in-depth on anything
because we don't know anything
Ivan Liao I like that color Rich's the
chroma key to all of this house
yes oh my god Oh
that's fine
get your get your bearings Oh totally so
lost right now I don't I don't know if
that's a nice change the items showing
up or if it's giving too much to the
counselors oh look at that oh I love her
outfit
cool jacket let's see here
lost in technicolor says have seen a lot
of people saying that the cityscape
shots in Blade Runner 2049 looks like
crappy CGI all the flyover cityscape
shots were detailed large-scale models a
lot of dumb people out there yeah a lot
of dumb people out there and I thought
they looked gorgeous so dumb people
gonna be dumb there's nothing you can do
about it dumb people gonna be dumb but I
think I think I think the whole movie
looks gorgeous also I think I love
Batista's part in the movie Drax aka
Batista is is in the movie and he is a
you know obviously a very large man and
he wears tiny tiny glasses yeah and he
looks like a cartoon character and it's
very fitting for the world like he looks
he looks like something straight out of
an anime because he's just a giant
bulging man with with tiny tiny reading
glasses
what was he in the movie huh does he
have a big part but each time what does
he do is he he did he does not have a
big part no he's uh this is acting good
yes his acting was good his acting is
good he's good in guardians but that's
something of a gimmick it's totally a
gimmick yeah well and it's you know it's
tough it's got to be tough for him as
far as like just being an ass
because he's a big guy there's no
there's no changing that he's a big guy
and so he has to have very specific
roles but I think he did I think he did
a good job
yeah no I'm not I'm not no spoilers no
spoilers for for Blade Runner but it's
not a spoiler to say that I think dave
bautista acted well yeah I knew she had
the keys
fixing I'm out of here
dreamer TK I respectfully disagree oh
come on
should driver though yeah I disagree
with a lot I think there could have been
cuts here there the Blade Runner like I
said it ten minutes too long there there
hit there hit a point near the end of
Blade Runner in which I felt the need to
look at my watch no no but you know it
it picked up again near the end but like
there was a moment where it were drag
jeez getting out of here here let's see
here G shops is hi rich
Jack just had another successful
Halloween
lots of kids coming around for candy
thanks for having a stream to entertain
me between clusters of ghouls and
goblins yeah you're welcome
get well soon you're welcome kid this
turn to go away as I throw start to get
a little bit scratchy now it's now it's
okay that's good I don't know maybe it
was a false alarm
that'd be nice that's good I'd like to
I'd like to film what I'd like to record
a thing yeah later this week if you're
ready no I'm not ready yet you know
thing last night we did that last night
yep times been minimal and I know you
have other things that you have to yeah
that you have to do for other things to
be as vague as we possibly can be but
but sometime this week I'd like that
record a thing all right so all right
heads up get out here I wanna change
characters yeah change characters a
boost up some ladies so oh by the way
there are so many things happening all
right
that's a great outfit see what different
boots she has I put different boots on
her
red normal black I like normal black or
brown
I like black with the orange under
that's a great look okay what kind of
pants we got here doesn't go all over
the orange no green and grey I like the
brown work this is we did default down
Karen let's see what boots no those some
weak-ass boot selections right there you
know fine weak-ass boots kitchen get
your week boot game on Fox
what are restraints of mental stamina
well average Santa Mon stamina hold on
first of all hands o low we did play
ruiner and we did not like it it was
really boring really fast like really
fast
we played it like a couple hours of
ruiner and I hated it about what are we
getting the mouse and a keyboard or
something what do you want me to click
on no it's just the pressure keeps
moving away on its own oh you know I
like it might have just been like the
slope of how I'm sitting yeah put it
right here okay that's right no okay
well what do you want me to click on I
don't know I don't know what's wrong for
sure yeah well I'll put down stuff with
the mouse what do you want oh I don't
know what I'm thinking about what perks
you'd be good ok I just think about it
that's well let's go starts with the map
it's lame but I don't know the new maps
which ones start with the one on the
right okay and what else we now see if
it works for you hey real no okay starts
with the map yeah I mean this lame but
it's good she has good strength so do we
want to do like attacks melee weapon
we're not going for a kill right that I
know of increase your chance of stunning
Jason with a melee attack oh sure that's
always fun and what's the baseball bat
perk one start match with a baseball bat
male 8
images also increased I mean you get a
baton but you find a weapon no
durability increased okay thank you yeah
why does Thor have short hair in the new
Thor movie cuz when he gets to the
planet they shave his head and they want
him to look cooler they're updating his
look they're updating it I guess we
never played with the new Jason yeah we
didn't no I don't think I have I am so
completely out of practice you can do it
I believe in you yeah his hair was cut
in the first trailer they showed us that
already I'm getting reasonably psyched
for for reasonably sites
did rich have you played any of them new
Mario no no shit no you want v1 get on
it get on it I'm almost done
hello hello
hello hello charge hello how are you
is anybody in there
ah it's from a song anyone home
charge you had just cards does Jaczko
seven monocle yes I have a monocle and a
top hat it's hard to see cuz I'm against
the dark background but I'm a fancy
ghost I'm not just a ghost you have
discards I got this chord right here but
I just strangled someone with it it's
covered in blood
charge will see a faint ecology did I
say your joke no okay jack is drinking
booze under that she'd know I'm not do
you speak Portuguese no
speak Merkin
rip repeat repeat with me also charge el
pollo cards no bueno porfavor
oh god no
just join the way does I'm considering
the quit yeah we'll see we'll see how
they do it yeah I'm not just going to
repeat something some guy says in
Portuguese yeah that's a trap I know
what's up if I do this you can kind of
see my fancy top hat how I guess what
you got something they got some high
pink
also Jaisal no no no so no like what
city is fighting or what we do in the
shadows TV show good what we do in the
shadows is very funny movie what I
thought I'd change the character
goddamnit
I'm sorry rich and sorry as I am
okay well there you go
we're in this game with that douchebag
and yeah you know if he keeps douching
it up well we'll leave we'll leave do
shit up dude do shoot up
uh-huh fart it says good evening gentle
soul the trick or treating is done and
we have 250 kids come to our house our
neighborhood decorates way more for
Halloween on Christmas do you all see
the same trend
I've not seen hardly any
trick-or-treaters and years I've been
under the impression that Halloween is
dying holiday in it's all depends on
your area cuz in my neighborhood
trick-or-treating is literally shoulder
to shoulder traffic down the sidewalks
every year we run out of candy and every
year we try to buy just a little bit
more you know like save it from other
candies stuff and we always run out of
candy oh yeah we get so many we get so
many fucking kids I have updated I've
updated my my no costume policy
generally speaking I have a no costume
policy explain what that means you come
to my house not wearing a costume and
hold out a bag I don't give you candy as
it should be this is the whole thing
about Halloween you dress up in a
costume and I give you candy that's the
deal the problem is it usually creates a
small kerfuffle yeah the kids like come
on just give me a little bit of chaos
and no oh come on man you joking give me
some candy come on man and I say no but
you know like there's already now a line
of goods here's how you respond yeah you
are you are not currently a
trick-or-treater what you are is a
beggar it's it's it always causes a
slight kerfuffle and with the amount
with the amount of kids that come to my
door you know we got to keep the line
moving so this year I updated my my my
Halloween
trick-or-treating policy which is good
candy versus the bad candy so I have one
ball with the good candy in it your
chocolates your yeah smart easier your
starbursts and then I have another bowl
with like the little boxes of raisins in
it and the candy corn which I find
detestable and so if they come up and
don't have a costume they get something
from the bad hello so I'm pretty rate
yeah I know raisins yeah a tiny box of
raisins like not the good raisins either
okay get your CIA to see us yeah and see
him it was yes person in chat whose name
I can't see anymore I do like a sauce
rock history fish is a really good album
I also like none shall pass I listen to
none shall pass a lot icky icky
are they alive or is that a glitch
did you pick up the phone so fucking
dead funny I'm so dead
worst fuse that's the question I'd be
here it is sometimes there
dr. feel I don't I'm not here I'm not
sure how rich still feels but I still
think this game is worth it I think
there's enough good in this game where
it's worth it I'm just done with it
right I thought that was good I think
it's good yeah yeah yes I do like both
the wu-tang clan and A Tribe Called
Quest both fine bands find groups of
individuals who make two very different
hip-hop groups track Called Quest's and
wu-tang I remember the first time I
heard enter the wu-tang and the shit it
got real it got real rich rich doesn't
care for the hip-hop I don't and I do I
have got I have no map and I must find
the fuse box
she's easier said than done sure sure
but real for real Jack what did you
think about inside I think you review of
Rob rotting we did not review inside we
streamed it yeah and what I can say is
as a streaming experience I'm fucked
rich is fucked as a streaming experience
rich is fun oh my god you ran into a
tree yes I know you ran into a tree I
know I fucking know you're so fun so
fucking fucked
oh yeah so we streamed inside and as a
streaming experience I really enjoyed it
because we got to do the entire game in
one playthrough
the the ending of that game to me
playing it live made the whole game
worth it though I must admit that I must
admit if I would have played it by
myself I probably would have been
disappointed but experiencing that live
made it worth it to me so that's all I
can say about inside I probably would
not have liked it on my own I probably
wouldn't have gotten to the end on my
own because most of the game is very
just simple platforming puzzle kind of
things
well game when I talk about I'm talking
about inside talking about inside and
it's most of the game is really boring
and quite bland I get I get the art
direction is uh is something people
really like but I thought it was rather
a boring game
daily fridge
he might have had to go to the car or he
could be in stock sure I'm gonna take a
chance sure I probably think I'm a 45
percent chances right here yeah oh good
you're anyone who's working on the car
right now is is saying to the stuff
where's Jason he's that's why he's not
that doing anything over here oh hello
what's this guy's repair like no oh
pretty good
nice
died in here though
that's all right
it won't hippie Oh
let's see here IDO kaneto says hey guys
happy Halloween
love your WWE stream with Josh would you
ever stream a new sports game just for
the hell of it whenever you guys compete
against each other it proves good you
watch Tony with a baseball bat lady oh
come on
crap teammate yeah
hey you you participated you called the
usual you had the you had the fuse
committee and even participated did it
commit sin Jason did not have a very
long stun time after I kicked free no
but I thought I had time to grab my ax
yeah yeah at Okinawa kaneto to answer
your question rich and I don't generally
play sports games yeah not really what
are they asking if we play in a new
sports game yeah yeah so you know every
once in a while I like the wrestling
game was neat because we could make our
characters and make them Restless that's
not a sport that's not a sport sport
enough it's a fuckin performance art
yeah I mean I don't disagree it
simulates the sport
if the two competitors know who's going
to win and how they're going to win
ahead of time it's not a sport it's what
it what it is is a stunning acrobatic
routine yes gymnastics is not
necessarily you know a sport between the
gymnast and the floor
don't play the new wolf game okay it's a
health hazard in the order of 1886
magnitude is it just called wolf is it
is it called won't lie I haven't even
heard of this game or wolf game or new
wolf game is it called old wolf game
oh it's the other exam lady you're
doomed it's the other exit you're doomed
lady you chose poorly
Oh Wolfenstein Tim the new Colossus
you're talking about Oh get around to
that sooner or later yeah we'll probably
play that probably play that sooner or
later we played that before I play the
first one a bit it's alright it's a
little too many cutscenes for my taste
but the you know good violence good
simulated violence five hours of
cutscenes and six hours long why would
they do that after Doom was such a big
hit it's not doom rich it's not zone but
the same fucking people did the same
people work on it as the question
probably not right
it's not true at all all right literally
talking out of his ass about the five
hour plays mm oh okay I don't I don't I
don't hate cutscenes like Jack does it's
true it's true
I see how constant it is though like
overall like I liked you know the bit a
little bit I play to the first
Wolfenstein game or not not the first
obviously the first new Wolfenstein it
was I had the new order you know I liked
all the gameplay sections that was fun I
just you know thought the cutscenes got
a little unbearable and the some of the
shooting sections got slightly
monotonous not the work but no like
above average shooter no doom but what
is right just doom is doom
scruffy the dog I can't take full credit
for this costume the chat inspired me I
started off dressed like mr. blinken
that's true that's true and that felt
lazy and I felt bad about it but I
couldn't find anything else better at
the last minute we're gonna leave the
Portuguese rule okay and we're gonna
find a different room yay
I mean I'm gonna give it a chance cuz I
liked I liked a little bit of the the
new order that I played so I'm gonna
give it gonna give it a fair chance that
Wolfenstein
yeah but spank and Steve rotten people
tend to show up in chat no matter what
we play so it just doesn't matter
counselor Fox you are you definitely
have counselor Fox chosen are you
enriched cozy in your costumes actually
yeah I feel really good just got sheet
on me meeting on that bad me too no it's
it's rubbing up against my nose a little
bit and my peripheral vision is kind of
suck I'd only to have your face covered
the whole stream though right you know
it's not like if I don't move it's
actually floating above my nose because
it's it's on my hat like my hat is
what's holding it up the annoying part
is just that I can only see out of the
little eyeholes so but overall like I'm
very cozy I like I'm actually like I'm
bundled up a little bit but you can't
see my arms and so I like that ya know
it's fuckin I jump through a window and
everything just got fucked yep
good AMD graphics yeah yo you got that a
disease that let's see here
Quinn you know again Quinn oh oh Teta
Quan Quinn no Ted akan says you
shouldn't culturally-appropriate ghost
culture for Halloween what what is this
ghost culture how do you how do you know
anything about ghosts in German and
first of all you should know that I'm
actually 20% ghost wait a minute wait a
minute wait a minute yeah all right
you need a people need to have souls for
goes to exists right we are you die you
become a ghost Fira theoretically a
ghost is is your soul right so in
reality we are all actually ghosts or
part of ghosts exist that aren't we are
the ghosts animating the frame jack
so we are all a part of ghost culture oh
there is nothing to appropriate my
friends very very it is our culture
speaking truth he's spittin harsh truth
yep oh no I have no idea what I'm doing
there here Jason find them if all of us
are ghosts in a meat machine absolutely
we are ghosts running around in this
meat machine we call a body how do I
know you've been powers what is the
power button or the one of the the
shoulder buttons Oh God
right shoulder button right shoulder
button right shoulder button B oh my god
I so don't remember this this is bad
this is bad loss to all your muscle
memory I did yeah I'm playing shadow of
mordor like a week or so ago and and
left button is the the special vision
uh-huh I don't remember what run is this
is unmitigated disaster
there is no ghost folks the meat machine
is all there is man you know that's
possible that's what I believe I'm just
making the argument no and you're
absolutely right like no matter what a
ghost is it is you know it's us so we
are all ghost culture motherfucker I'm
suing this Jason's vision is porn you
know I don't know if I've ever seen like
a really inappropriate costume like back
in the day you know before before the
children I'd go to Halloween costumes
and well he's only got three traps yeah
he's only go you're out of traps all
right yeah I didn't know and like you
know appropriate you know who that's
that's a fluctuating definition but
often I would see people with like
trihard controversial costumes you know
the the guy dressed up as a priest who
has like the the baby doll stuck to his
crotch and you know I got I get it
there's there's a lot of trihard
controversial costumes
that's a nice use of the shotgun
nice okay let's go dude mano-a-mano
meeting you right here really right here
bitch by Joey Votto
let's go to die make them suffer like in
my pocket yep nice fucking try dude
let's go route load lemme grab I said
let me grab my shit pullin check the car
ready get ready dude like oh oh yeah
they're in it they're in it he was doing
he was trying to do this with it yeah I
know he did his job the one counselor
was was doing his best to distract Jason
while his friends got away avatar
your Maps ready I know okay just like
stuck on so many rides
are there car executions not that I know
of unless they added them not that I
know of either you can pull the driver
out of the car but that's too bad
yeah britches getting back into the flow
he's getting there
Rich's ahead of everyone he's not the
mood Bridge is not in the mood for that
voodoo mama
gonzo says thanks for having a spooky
stream even though I'm working and can't
give it my full attention since you guys
are playing Friday the 13th but you
should play as the sexy biker lady oh
heck yeah
she's a fun character model a fun
character model nice you've added a
you've added a your mother's a bitch to
hack bot I think that's very appropriate
remembers a bitch
nope nice wagon I've pocketknife he's
that that really without that your
mother's a bitch I don't know if we
would have had as much fun with it
no but luckily we got your mother's a
bitch
why isn't he shooting rich with the gun
because he was hoping it yeah he was
hoping rich would grab him so that he
could use his pocket knife so he could
save his gun for later but it didn't
help him did it nope nope it did not oh
that's too bad
hey again there how many I mean five out
of eight all right 500 I think then they
get on the card and some people just
leave I doesn't it count only one
escaped - escaped at that there were two
people in the car
dead by doorframe ah I noticed a couple
people just left oh don't you get I
don't know don't you get smash oh yeah I
don't know one says oh it's over that's
when you split only one says escape
split split split right I'm out here I'm
splitting but no that's how you killed
that lady oh you get to choose them out
I don't know which one I want man the
Jarvis house can't do the Jarvis house
just from the clips I saw in the video
Cathy skirts actually looked like a
decent movie for what it was did it
really deserve to be on best of the
worst yes
it wasn't a decent movie it was a weird
low-budget B horror movie yeah it wasn't
the worst worst movie we've ever seen
look at this point you might not you'd
be used to seeing things filmed on film
yeah you know we've done a lot of videos
recently a lot of video videos recently
but
no again I mean it was it's it's a
low-budget B horror movie and it was bad
but not the worst it was more middling
than bad
did you see the plank it's obvious I saw
that they finally were are able to post
the the planket zombie segments from
dock of the Dead
I haven't even realized I saw the
segment when we first did it yeah yeah I
mean of course how many years ago was
that at this point what 2013 or
something right yeah that was ages ago
ages and ages ago but I'm just glad
people got to see if I'm a lot of time
and care was put into those segments and
all of them were cut from the feature
great didn't realize it was so old yeah
that's a that's an old old segment
old old segments most uh most of the
outdoor stuff was shot at my mother's
barn the big red barn in it that's my
mom's barn you can see her tiny ponies
she has ponies and you can see her tiny
ponies in some of the shots so I enjoy
that Shepards Shetland's is that what
they are yeah yeah the horses that stay
ponies okay okay
she's kind of Defense decent strength
estab Fleur guns probably better for an
emergency get away but I gotta grab that
axe man oh yeah like if you find a bat
cuz you also have that stun buff oh it's
true that's true
so even even like a like if you find a
pan or something you know something
that's good stun range I am doomed to
melee I don't know this map at all I
need these fucking windows open open a
bowl open a boy open abble oh there you
got bat I know you want your axe do but
bat has a higher stun chance right yeah
how's everything has a higher stun
chance right
well shit like I mean everything has a
higher stun chance but I think the bat
has a higher base stat than the axe I
would think that's got a really good
stunt chance but breaks easy yeah yeah
axe does more damage right but you're
not gonna produce and kill necessarily
unless that happens you know
Oh more upset about Bladerunner 2049 not
performing well if stranger things
wasn't so popular like you know this is
something of the the box office TV is
the future TV is the future and the box
office doesn't determine whether or not
a movie is good just how well it's
received by a general audience which
means even like when a good movie
performs poorly in the box office all
that means is that studios are less
likely to make more of the same in the
future and unfortunately that means slow
atmospheric sci-fi is not something that
big studios are going to be pushing but
someone like Netflix might which is a
good sign you know weirdo niche markets
are moving to television which I'm okay
with I guess we'll just go for an exit
those Blade Runner niche or what exactly
I haven't seen it so why isn't it doing
well it is neat cult it's it is a slow
atmospheric hard sci-fi like they spend
a lot of time explaining how things work
and why they work and it is moody and
slow and slow slow slow slow
that's the that's the name of the game
here and audiences don't want slow they
want to see the laser guns go pew pew
they want their characters to make
wiseass comments and then the laser guns
to go pew pew again it's not inherently
awful no no sorry if that came out as a
bad thing you know cuz by the way I also
like it when the laser guns go pew pew I
like both Hunchback Jackie yeah I just
thought yesterday just how Blade Runner
2049 yesterday really liked it I'm not
going to get into any spoilers but
definitely worth a watch wait and get
out with the cops not for hiding though
oh that's true he'll see in the house if
he gets his safe
hosier's good I probably should have
done some more food
just staying invisible oh I'm gonna find
other people together that's a good idea
now you got a plan right now you got
yourself one of them plans plan but I am
so completely unfamiliar with this map
it's not funny
the jack just spoiled the Han Solo movie
did you hear the rumor coming out today
about the Han Solo movie what I know
probably not because you don't generally
care about Star Wars no lasers gonna go
pew pew one lasers going pew pew which
you know bull direction no they they
they are reporting that Ron Howard has
reshot almost the entirety of the movie
Wow
doubling its production budget Wow yes
that is the rumor roaming around which
makes complete sense
yeah battery and gas I guess it's just
not much point right now right you got a
minute and a half but you know well I do
you have a weapon you have a good stun
weapon oh yeah another battery so yeah
they're saying that Ron Howard you know
who came in to fix what apparently Lord
and Miller broke decided that the best
way to fix it was to start over from
scratch I would love to know what Lord
and Miller did you know the rumor with
Lord Miller too funny as they were
turning it into a joke movie because
they're I mean they're they're yeah
they're Joe they're comedic their
comedic writers and they specialize in
poking fun at their own subject matter
like if you've seen any of the the 21
Jump Street movies if you saw the lego
movie they are really good at poking fun
of the movie they are supposed to be
writing in a very clever way so he's
supposedly reshot the they they're
saying here 'i shot most of the movie
yes
so Lord Miller were probably trying to
turn the Han Solo movie into a joke and
rumor has it they were hiding the
dailies from the studio execs really yes
they were hiding dailies oh and they
were refusing to shoot extra coverage
and so studio execs would be like hey I
may be gonna shoot this a little bit
different way we can you know see how
both work in the Edit and they go oh
yeah yeah sure sure we'll do that and
then just straight-up refused to shoot
anything that wasn't their script huh
which yeah good on Lord Miller
sure they had a vision they were hired
to complete their vision and then fires
because of the rhythm it probably would
have been great if they felt they had to
hide footage yes absolutely so I so want
to know what they did right right what
what what is is there a way that we can
see that outcome eventually no the Lord
knows I bury it of course they're gonna
bear it of course they're gonna bear it
but I know like yeah you can only wonder
and so like unlike the academic viewing
of Justice League where we know just
Wheaton is getting a writer's credit
uh-huh so we know he at least reshot 30
percent of the moon it'll be obvious
just watching the movie yeah right right
because we know what Zack Snyder's
Justice League would have looked like of
course of course we would but now that
Ron Howard has completely washed over
Lord Miller we won't get that academic
viewing that we'll get with Justice
League but the thing with Lord and
Miller sounds so low is you don't have
that pre there was no Lord Miller
directed like Han Solo versus Luke
Skywalker and we got to see what their
stick was with stars we know we know
whether we're gonna get yeah
Zack Snyder of course anyway isn't Lord
Miller of prereq said R Miller R Miller
is a yes we tried
I don't get how the studio hires
directors with visions they no get out
here the basic of the the chat question
is like why would a studio hire someone
with a unique vision give them the okay
and then take it away they got scared
Disney is not in the market of giving
their directors free rein they have been
very successful finding smaller
directors giving them a task and if that
director stays within the task the
movies do great right like think about
think about fuckin Iron Man Jon Favreau
wasn't making blockbusters before that
right right but he knew how to put
together a movie and he knew how to put
together a movie cheaply when I was
early on I wonder if he had the
directors had a bit more sway than no
well you know word around the block is
that Iron Man's would set the tone Iron
Man what what who's the the villain in
Iron Man what's his name Jeff Bridges
Jeff Bridges Jeff Bridges in a recent
interview said that Iron Man he started
considering to be a big studio college
art film because they were writing the
script day of shoot they were figuring
out the script as they were shooting
doesn't even it didn't disney didn't own
marvel for Iron Man 1 no no really yeah
are you shitting me no
Wow Wow
right and so like are you sure a fairly
positive Disney's Disney Bop Marvel just
before Avengers came out says Geno suave
in the chat
okay so Marvel's set up all the pieces
then Disney said might now mine now
so that Marvel was like I'll take your
billion dollars yeah of course that's it
would you like anything else cuz we have
all these other things we could sell you
too Lord Disney so that means the
decision to hire Jon Favreau and who do
who did Captain America First Avenger
what was his name do you remember this
guy did The Rocketeer yeah I know it
when I hear it well so like those people
weren't hired by Disney but you know day
like Disney nude like Joss Whedon again
not Johnston Doge on stick nice Joss
Whedon not a blockbuster director
but was a director who knew how to
handle it shit who else we got in
league's here I gotta get out of here
now
sheep black or what's her ethnicity
dark-skinned I'm an I'm dark skinned
oh they say she's from the third movie
okay so black is what they're saying
brick Jaeger we'll get into that that's
our next review so I will get into all
sorts of Mario talk another time rich
hasn't played it yet so I don't want to
get too much into it now cuz you know it
shows a lot in this plate yeah so in any
case Marvel likes to have control over
their directors they like directors who
know how to handle their shit and are
okay voicing their voice within Mark
Disney's guidelines right for all the
cool shit that I'm looking forward to
with black panther because that's the
director that did Creed you know it's
going to be a standard Marvel movie but
hopefully he can bring some sort of
voice to it but this is very reminiscent
of when they fired Edgar Wright from
ant-man yeah ant-man wanted to do some
water'd oh shit and they said hey this
isn't where you go to do weird oh shit
exactly this is where you go to follow
the formula we have a formula and if you
want to do some weirdo shit as long as
it's within the formula we're okay with
that look at James Gunn he can do his
weirdo shit within the formula he was
fortunate enough to have his characters
in space yeah yeah a little more leeway
a little more leeway there but if you
can play ball with the Disney you can
you can make a little name for yourself
yeah I don't I don't think you can take
a look at guardians of the galaxy and
say that Marvel gives their directors
absolutely no leeway oh no yeah and I'm
specifically not saying absolutely no
way that leeway as long as it fits
within their formula you know you
scribble outside the line a little bit
Marvel is gonna be okay with that Disney
is gonna be okay with that
so it'll be that's right and it's like
what tt is is getting a ton of free
reign with the Thor movie he's that
which looks to be you know again this
face movie a space weirdo movie but he
looks like he's gonna have a lot of fun
with that movie he was shown a picture
of guardians of the galaxy and they said
do this no no he's doing his own thing
he's doing his own thing I'm excited for
Thor tyka quality director person chef I
don't know that I would say I am tired
of superheroes but yeah
I'm not I'm not excited just because
it's a superhero film sure
well that's the thing vanilla is is like
the Thor movie the Doctor Strange movie
the guardians of the galaxy movies all
have very interesting visuals but follow
the formula and that's the important
part you got to follow the formula
though you know the formula that makes
billions of dollars oh wait there's a
fuse up there
alright so the fuse is gotta be trap to
fuck right yep you got a pocket knife
and a health spray button that's not
gonna help you too much I'm gonna head
over the boat I'm gonna put this in the
boat okay cuz I'm a greedy prick do it
no do it you mean you're greedy picked
prick who's alive I get you people buy
the car they working on the car maybe
I'm gonna go to the car unless they have
no I'm gonna assume they have gas buy
the car they do okay great so this is
going to the boat and I have my
conscious is free
whoever's who's saying that Chuck Fox
says whoever is doing the character
models in this game doesn't really knows
how to rig a great ass what was rich
talking about with the running animation
for The Witcher 3 is whatever you're
looking at the most it needs to be
rigged correctly yeah yeah and you put
you put a lady in those pants you know
where people are gonna be looking to do
it with the mouse yep great ass rigging
absolutely I want to know if you were if
you go more into your thoughts on blade
runner's since you said it was fantastic
on Twitter I'm not gonna get too into it
at the moment cuz rich hasn't seen it
yet and we're still in oh it's not
trapped
no they just died oh shit
so no I'm not gonna get too much into it
I I really enjoyed it
I thought it was a wonderful example of
storytelling through cinematography
which as you guys know is something I
really enjoy a lot of set design that
mirrors characters and a lot of scenes
that mirror character arcs it's it's
gorgeous and beautiful and the sound is
amazing and Ryan Gosling did a great job
and keep running and and and nothing but
positives for me it was slightly too
long could have cut could have cut 10
minutes and it would be perfect as it
stands it's just nearly perfect
so I'm like it
this character has quite a shapely
buttocks yes very nice they haven't done
any Oh Jason must be around the car
that's what he's doing I think over and
kill miss two people by the Shack one
person by the shack I know we're chasing
this oh sure sure
car might actually be a decent way to
get out if he's distracted if everything
is over there what's over there didn't
know Thor wasn't out it yeah Thor comes
on this weekend in the US for us so we
haven't seen it yet but I'm excited to
see it Blade Runner has made 200 million
plus worldwide with a production budget
estimated around a hundred and fifty
million and you guys know how the math
usually works you have to double that
for advertising so the estimated total
budget is 300 million and it's only made
200 million
it'll it'll probably make its money back
when it comes to video on demand and
blu-ray sales and all that fun jazz but
not necessarily a hint
you know the master normally I don't
enjoy jared leto but I think he was
correct for his role in this and did a
good job it's it's hard for me to find a
flaw I'm still I'm still in the
honeymoon phase though you ever see a
movie that you like and you're in your
honeymoon phase and you just want to
gloat oh I go over it and just Oh
everything was so wonderful beautiful oh
the theming know the set you know so
like it's hard for me to find a flaw
besides the runtime but I thought he was
very I thought Leto was very appropriate
for the role the only issue with his
casting on that role is I felt that
character needed to look older and Jared
Leto even though he is not he's not
young but he's not old you know and he
looks kind of young I'm glowing I'm
glowing all over right now yeah I just
saw it yesterday and really enjoyed it
so I have a bit of afterglow I'm
cuddling with Blade Runner 2049 at the
moment
all right that person's gonna give me a
while I need to be on my own either
following me come on dude we got a
minute you got a minute to kill I just
want to hang on under a streetlight and
be invisible
yeah that's all I want yep visible under
a streetlight that's how we get out
why are you invisible under a
streetlight your fears low oh okay that
makes you harder to see in Jason's
special vision no show Tommy Jarvis is
choosing a side here let's see if he
chooses correctly well he's got a coin
flip here he group up between and you go
as a group yep Tommy does not know what
the fuck he's doing he should have hung
out around me
unless he's lucky
unless he's lucky let's see let's see
what happens seven seconds
two seconds and OH Snake Eyes Futaba
yeah I'm gonna wait from anyway because
it's smarter to be together right now
yep I've got a pocket knife and I'm
waiting for my distraction to show up I
don't think he had any weapons the idiot
I don't that's great why would tommy
escape this the only job is that well
he's a bad Tommy oh yeah I think he's
waiting for you to do something nice
stamina okay I'm just gonna spread those
idiot
save your stamina save it did you guys
ever see that movie Lars and the real
girl with Wayne Gosling must have been
perfect for preparing him for a
brilliant runner I didn't see that as
cute you know indeed like character dark
comedy thing you ever see that Lars and
the real girls yeah Ryan Gosling plays a
guy who orders like one of those like
real-life doll mail-order bride things
and treats it like a real person oh my
god that was an accident I meant to duck
you can do it you can do it oh no I have
the kids bye-bye nice rich nicely done
it got your mojo back motherfucker a car
escape would have been more fun but sure
sure didn't seem like any of them had
the key
why did he why did he waste his man -
this is the only way to catch one of us
yeah and if rich didn't have a pocket
knife that was actually a good out of
morph and grab yeah that's always a
gamble when you write when you pop out
of more if you hit the grab button just
kind of hoping it's just prepared for it
yeah yeah pocket knives

[Part III]
you hit the grab button just kind of
hoping it's just prepared for it yeah
yeah
pocket knife is the most important thing
for a police escape oh look at this look
at this back it up to victory baby it's
interesting
yeah and he's on the main road there's
ooh there's he's if he's a decent driver
he can make it you're gonna have to Juke
man
nobody's gonna play Jason three-point
turn and maybe you can get there before
school down but
and see what happens Jason could get a
lucky teleport teleport right in the
street or you could end up behind a
fence yeah oh look at all yeah Jason
teleported too far away
you can do it you can do it yes
listen if he if it takes him all four
and a half minutes he's getting out oh
go around don't be don't be wuss he's
trying you had this you just gave it up
turn around he uses morph and his shift
do a three-point turn full speed the
other way oh my god
sac head Jason isn't smart yeah but the
drivers not so smart either what that
was was that Jason second Jason was
trying to trick him into thinking that
he left anyway just will ran off the
street and then the guy fell for it and
started driving far for this is this is
like a battle between two broken
battleblock he had the perfect window to
get out and he fucking blew it
he's still probably gonna get out
from his standpoint like he's got
another me now Jason is unlikely to get
him because it's on the main road so
like it's either get out soon or wait
him out the full three minutes right
wait a mile that's more of a draw and a
win
sure oh lucky teleports lucky teleport
look at that no one to blame but
yourself that's true that's true you
gotta take it you got to take the risk
sometimes
oh all he has is a twig come on man come
on man this will be interesting at least
they cancelled house of cards are you
shocked did did you not right you are
you shocked maybe you didn't read them
the newest Entertainment News adding to
our list of creepy creep O's in
Hollywood we can put Kevin Spacey on
that list and the producers of the show
don't want to be in the same boat it
they ended months before he came out
though he came out what as a pedophile
ya know did you read that note yo that
was the weakest fuckin spin I'd ever
heard I really I'm really sorry for all
this also you know like guys totally gay
and just like totally gay but I'm really
sorry for all the stuff I did
did he really think that would make it
okay I think yes he was hoping that
would soften the blow that was a Hail
Mary yeah
yeah he was hoping he was hoping for a
distraction like maybe no one will talk
about my alleged pedophilia if I come
out so maybe did more people come out
what did more people come out other than
just the one there's a there's a bunch
of stories okay there's a bunch of
stories roaming around the internet I
don't know if like if another like
specific person has it oh yeah me too
with with Kevin Spacey but uh there's a
bunch of stories of people who have
worked on set with him and had to be
counseled before they got on set to be
like here's the thing if you are a young
attractive man you cannot be alone with
Kevin Spacey it is okay to be gay yes it
is not okay to assault a minor or anyone
but I mean you know I'm not sure a minor
oh yeah yeah that counts that counts
how does coming out soften the blow like
I said I think he was hoping it would be
a distraction like people like Oh Kevin
Spacey came out like and not talked
about the other thing which of course is
what everyone wants to talk about how
minor was he what did he say he was 14
yeah 14 when Kevin Spacey tried to jump
in bed with him space he was 26 at the
time ye super creeps man if you cannot
separate the the art from the artist
yeah it's soon going to become
impossible to watch any Hollywood movie
it's good it's getting harder and harder
man it's getting harder and harder you
know and it like to me it all depends on
context you know like what what the art
is about you know I can I can watch I
can watch The Naked Gun movies and not
be bothered that OJ Simpson killed
someone right yeah it's a little bit
different the the movie that Woody Allen
is currently working on is about Woody
Allen falling in love with a very young
girl is she insane yes and so like I
don't think I could watch that and
separate the art from the artist as the
girl he falls in love with in the new
Woody Allen movie also has his adopted
daughter it's her it's her actually it's
her acting debut that's ballsy it is it
is ballsy
well that's the thing where it's like
you know I could probably watch one of
Woody Allen's old comedies and be able
to separate him being a creepy creep oh
but when he makes something specifically
about an older dude and a younger girl
it just brings it all up
yeah starring Selena Gomez Mark Hamill
is not the one that would change
everything it's it's George Lucas if it
came out hypothetically no allegations
are completely hypothetically speaking
if it came out that George Lucas was a
molesting creep oh yeah that's that's
what it's nuts that's what what do you
woody one of the the gymnastics the Star
Wars fans would do to excuse it
you think the oh god yeah you think I
mean I know Star Wars fans are nuts but
do you think they would actually like
find a way to rationalize it yes they
would I mean first gay man to come out
I'm very brave terrible yeah and then
all the Star Wars fans would be like
well well you know actually he had
George Lucas had very little to do with
the original trilogy and you know it's
really you know other directors and
writers is that based off of other stuff
George Wayne you know you're good I
don't we got good it really it really
only got good after Disney bought
exactly that happen like you did your
before he made star rise he wasn't doing
that while making said that you know I
can't watch American Graffiti and like I
used to
jet ship you're an idiot horrible at
that oh well look at look at look at
Tiffany here all right what all right
I'm not she's repairing the battery oh
yes even run she's got the key stay
within eyeshot but yeah yeah that's a
good that's a good vantage still she's
still repair
she getting in she's still okay alright
Jason didn't show up after all that I
don't know what is wrong with us Jason
we may have won the Jason lottery I
don't give two fucks generators still
watch whatever some of these people make
plans to email Gibson etc like I said a
lot of that to me has to do with the
actual subject matter you know I could
probably watch Lethal Weapon and not be
not be weirded out by Mel Gibson I could
probably watch old Mad Max but Mel give
if Mel Gibson makes a movie about
getting drunk and yelling at people it's
probably gonna not sit right fur for
someone makes a movie a movie where he
plays a Nazi you know might not be the
best choice if he makes a movie where
he's a sympathetic Nazi then it's like
come on yeah people are hot what's wrong
with Mel Gibson remember he got drunk
and yelled at a police officer don't
think Tommy's doing anything every night
I don't think Jason is doing anything
hehe yelled racial slurs at a police
officer is what Mel Gibson did that was
a while ago
all right this person has the key Oh
Lucky Strikes did I miss your tip sorry
I didn't think I did I thought I was
caught up core crack it down brain
hold on Lucky Strikes I'm looking it
might have slipped between the eye holes
you know what I'm saying oh she's
heading towards cars she's got the key
we're having a car party
oh well and that's the thing you know
like it's all it's all difference like
it's it's I don't even want to say
double standards but it's surprising
what people care about like like
remember when Johnny Depp beat the shit
out of his wife and then like started
calling his wife a whore or after she
left him for beating the shit out of her
he's still making movies people still
like Johnny Depp looked like you were
saying in chat Mel Gibson has a history
of abuse towards women but no one cared
until he sorry
I'll fix that for the half-hour we're
streaming
one thing
oh we said that for the cameras after
the game we're playing I'm chatty
which is true I don't think you fair we
fix it but now fixed it I think one of
these people
I don't think Jason is actually planning
is that a thing that can happen yeah you
just put the controller down and take a
nap very possible gay please his holy
shit surprised howling streamed thanks
for this I've been sick the past several
days so this makes staying in not seem
so terrible rich yes you lost some
weight you look great yeah I'm getting
ahead of that whole weight issue yeah
what is going on who's driving and
whoever said that I I forgot the name of
who said I missed our Lucky Strikes I
don't see a tip from Lucky Strikes I
don't think it went through I'm shutting
down our alerter and starting it back up
again to make sure but I do not see a
tip from Lucky Strikes so I'm sorry but
I don't I just don't see it
it was for me fiery dog poop oh okay
yeah I see fiery dog poop says i just
opened the stream and spat out my drink
this is too spooky for me also will
there be a spoiler discussion of
stranger things - episode 7 tonight
having different opinions from the chat
is the scariest
not tonight but we will do that
eventually we will have a big ol
stranger things discussion by II I just
leaving everyone fuck it I'm done I'm
done you just leave it why should those
people play musical cars and I'm done
great in the four-seater no no 11 in the
four seater sorry for missing that
earlier fiery dog poop favorite Coen
Brothers movie off the top of my head -
hudsucker proxy oh oh that's great
that's great
you could have Halloween costumes look
at that
hudsucker proxy is fantastic barton fink
I feel doesn't get it's a it's due
Barton Fink is is great John Turturro
it should be a leading man all the time
Oh two bucks for the skeleton pack oh
it's cosmetic it's a it's a great outfit
they didn't edit Evil Dead they were the
assistant editors for Evil Dead that's
actually what started their relationship
with Sam Raimi they've worked with Sam
Raimi throughout the years
oh no the illusion it's gone
rich favorite Coen Brothers great oh
that's another fine one
I might take I might take the Big
Lebowski over that I seen you
oh shit that knocked my eyes out of
oh brother where art thou is great
Fargo's great like there's a lot they
make good movies a lot of the times not
all the times but a lot of the times
they make good movies they also make
some bad movies sometimes I'll be doing
I don't know
he's having a clusterfuck you know what
it's a good thing you love it yeah ok
but they're just having a weirdo party I
gotta come back is Tommy one of them
needs to diapers right or leave
I don't think these survivors around I
think Jason is not trying I'm gonna go
ahead and agree with rich that Jason is
unless they're going for a kill I read
they're gonna add another way to kill
Jason oh yeah I I don't know that that's
a turd I like her there's something I I
heard there is no credibility Jewison
makes these seeking confirmation chat
what do you think
and you're right there you spawn right
there Oh Tommy starts with a pocketknife
now hi and to help spray interesting
damn now you got to run all the way
there in the rain
you got Jarvis you know what what you're
gonna get out in the car
it made me wait let's see here
my name is Tate let's get caught up in
tips my name is Tate says so rich
does this make our Thanksgiving Day
stream more likely or less likely the
annual one is what I'm asking about the
annual Thanksgiving Day stream it was
never an annual stream is it happening
and is the annual Thanksgiving Day
stream happening I think I decided to do
that like shortly before I did it that
one time I did it like two years ago
uh-huh
so is it happening no okay great
probably not unless you decide to do it
the day before
let's see here
this time it's loop who says hey guys
rich I love your Harry Potter costume
nice invisibility cloak here's some
money to put towards some of those I was
going from Bilbo Baggins with one ring
he didn't have a cloak though that was
the ring right but that made him all
understand alright alright in the Harry
Potter ah
Bilbo now it just looks like I'm I'm
streaming alone you
like move something oh shit move the red
thing next to you grab the red thing
next to you and make it dance what red
thing there's a red thing next year on
the table Kevin I cheat on my take the
sheet off your head and grab the thing
on the table next to you and make it
dance there you go there you go
it's gonna get super spooky doo doo doo
doo doo but I'm not due to that it's
gotten spooky oh shit are you supposed
to be expecting that yeah your elbow
punk ass great great so I bought a table
at a thrift store an end table yeah that
Star Trek Discovery review yeah and I
bought an end table and I brought the
end table back and from thrift store and
now Moe if Elmo fell out of it when I
was bringing it into the studio that's
super-creepy free Elmo yeah how long how
long do I make everyone wait you don't
think Jason's gonna find you
no I don't I mean this is great that
he's just hiding right
oh you know a while the whole game what
do you feel like I don't know what I'm
feeling like do you mine is anyone a
good work go to your map again is anyone
else there no did they left the
four-seaters gone already
I mean you could you know look for the
other car parts I think I'm gonna do
just wine hon batteries all the way over
there that's fine that's fine
let's see here where are we this time
it's lupus oh yeah we did that one hairy
nuts money for post Halloween candy on
sale thank you this time it's lupus Len
the Flex in ski says how long till
Hollywood gets smited by God infinity
yeah watch stranger things - what
spoilers it's great
Logan Guardian Spider Man Wonder Woman
maybe Thor listing things you like I
think that's what they're doing you have
all been good here's to Justice League
to break the strange now smote is the
past tense of smite
there got it great
yeah Justice League we've talked about
this where I'm very interested in it
from an academic standpoint to see the
how harsh the footage that Zacks not
versus the footage that Joss Whedon shot
he's on the map no he's not on that I
need to find please the keys show up on
the map
and imagine they would I can only
imagine something doesn't show up on the
map until someone else has picked it up
you found you
is this twitch plays Friday the 13th is
like a chat somewhere playing as Jason
oh my god they do write down the camera
setting so I'm sure visually they look
identical
yeah let's see here never wealthy always
rich says hey Jack did you get to bang
Kyra they are talking about the sexy
witch from The Witcher 3 actually I've
I've taken a little break from Witcher 3
in order to play Super Mario just not
outside of Jason bang on my bud it's
just not time sure
I started playing Super Mario Odyssey
and I have stopped playing with you're
free but I'm almost done with Super
Mario Odyssey and so I think I'll go
back to Witcher 3 for a little bit so I
haven't had a chance to bang anyone I
still I still haven't really met anyone
nope nope nope nope nope
oh my god that Jason sucks
you can't see it but I'm play with your
a play more with your in stream now that
I know that I'm into it a bit I'll play
more though that I'm scream like that
oh they nerve to the grabs me now that's
a question miss I'm a statement no they
said they did nerf the grabs to be fair
to be fair
Jason grabs slower is what they're
saying
let's see here anonymous says would it
be fair to call you and rich the Wario
and Waluigi of our element
no that would make us the bad guys some
people might feel that way about it no I
guess that's true no active 1x0 says hey
guys love previously recorded and the
rest of our LM your hilarious videos
always managed to brighten my day happy
Halloween
you frauds thanks for watching how are
you enjoying it good string how head
dialogue heavy the game is I assume
they're talking witcher 3
talk about where does that make sense
I'm not super into the story one they
kind of just drop you into this story
and assume you know a lot for example
the very first mission I was looking for
this girl named Jennifer and I clearly
had a past with the ennifer and she
meant something very important to Geralt
and I didn't know who she was and I
didn't care about her and I'm kind of
still playing catch-up with the story
some of the cutscenes are good some I
don't care about I've been watching them
though to try to give the game a fair
shake there's some interesting stuff
what Maddox medics that's the name of a
personality on the Internet's ok it's
probably not the actual person from the
internet
Oh what are they doing the imminence the
best page in the universe the best page
in the universe ok this is a way that
you've recently got a YouTube channel to
four years ago or something this is a
this is a youtube program that you watch
not awhile a situate readings page okay
I stopped when he like almost never
updated it okay
yeah I know that's actually Maddox dude
I saw the name sure sure Anoka mixing
again convictions a Friday the 13th
stalker oh yeah in Chad as far as
witcher 3 is concerned I know the entire
series is based off of a very large back
catalogue of popular fantasy books but
you know as far as like am i watching
the cutscenes in The Witcher I am but I
just don't understand a lot of it so
that is all but I think the monsters and
the combat makes up for a lot of that
really Roach makes up for a lot of it
that dumb horse I love that stupid horse
runs into shit all the time never comes
exactly where you call him to kick si
off he's afraid of monsters I love that
dumb horse Maddox is old shit I'm old -
you're old shit the fuck does that
matter
see here my name is Tate says Jack did
you make one of your kids go out as
Charlie Brown ghosts just so you know
which one is your favorite no they did
their own costumes this year are they
dumb like super dumb I think so but you
know they seem to have a good time
you what do they do huh what do they do
do you not want to say it's vinyl is it
don't say don't say well they were like
it is too embarrassing yeah no like it
it was it was a last-minute decision on
their part they were kind of half-ass oh
I hated it but uh you know Lisa and I
still we did a couples costume instead
of a family costume and we were fancy
ghosts she was also a white sheet ghost
but we put a wig on her outside and like
a big chemical okay I am totally the
Charlie Brown
of red letter media yes oh absolutely
Mika's lying Mika's Lucy - Mike is Lucy
Mike pulls the football away from Rick
Jay is Linus are you Snoopy
yeah I guess Dinko blue I told rich that
that said that project is are the people
behind GOG yeah which is great that's
neat good for them well like if you
watch the the noclip documentary about
you know how they started like they
started as a distribution company the
history of how they started is amazing I
think the fact that they're behind GOG
is supposed to make me run out and go
play Witcher 3 immediately oh sure sure
sure sorry so rich you should play
witcher 3 immediately because these
people like drm free stuff and you like
drm free stuff so you go oh you're gonna
love the witcher 3 of course you're
right
Josh's Schroeder which ones road or a
piano flying 100 yep yep that makes
sense that makes sense no your Franklin
Jack you just got there
I don't know the Peanuts characters that
well I'm gonna be honest with you so
I'll take it if I'm Franklin I'll take
it maybe rerun which one's rerun nobody
knows who rerun is because he didn't
come in at so much later near the end of
the peanuts or at least you know he
wasn't in many of the animated things
sure because he was a later day
character all right
it was a lioness and Lucy's baby brother
oh okay no I wouldn't be lioness Josh
would be lioness oh no way Linus is the
one with the blankie yep he's sensible
though and he likes this weird Great
Pumpkin thing and that's vaguely
analysis to Jay liking weird things
hmm I'm going Jay Linus okay that's Ben
that's fair Mikus Lucy you know because
dark hair oh look oh yeah that's the
only reason let's see here easy-peasy
japanesey says sorry you found my name
to be inappropriate Jack I just read it
in a Japanese textbook and thought it
was funny
anyway happy Halloween you guys know you
gave her something to talk about
but that filled some time that was great
well josh is Schroder if nothing else
because music absolutely if they're you
know if there's a if there's a guitar at
a party josh is probably the one to go
pick it up
well he's Josh josh is the only one who
really knows how to play it so hopefully
he'd be the one to pick it up yeah we're
getting close okay let's see here lend
flex since he says Jack you are the
rom-com expert who's the better female
lead of the early would you get keys
nice
who's the better female lead of the
early aughts Kate Hudson or Reese
Witherspoon talk about the three good
ones e Lohan movie Parent Trap Mean
Girls and Freaky Friday that's bad luck
and a distraction
does the car have the other things I
don't know what has one okay I know I
need him to be chasing somebody else and
not me yeah yeah yeah yeah
I'm with you out of those two I'm going
to choose Reese Witherspoon I think she
was she was in more stuff and I believed
her more as kind of the everyday gal so
I'm gonna go Reese Witherspoon and
really I think I've only seen Mean Girls
as far as that Lindsay Lohan trifecta is
concerned and Mean Girls was a pretty
funny movie that's all I got and that's
all I got yonder yonder says hi Jason
still down here what is the best method
of escape a chickadee monster says Reese
Witherspoon is basic bitch and that's
why she's the better lead for a rom-com
that's exactly what you're looking for
in a female lead to a rom-com someone
who is so basic that your female
audience can can attach themselves to
them maybe slightly engaging but as
basic as they come
you have to hope he's laying oh he's
laying traps about a car
is there any such thing as a good
rom-com of course though Oh battery
Oh is he throwing knives at you
the big sick is a good rom-com I mean if
that's like saying is there such thing
as Oh gasps - fuck that we're just going
that one has gas and battery scattering
but he might
weapon weapon weapon all the way over
there
what I don't care ok great people come
on people come on people come around and
come running get in get in
do this here
where is he
go go go rich you can do it you can do
it
there's a back exit official
I know this doesn't feel great was
driving
oh my god end up in the water
your madman rich this is madness
freelance soon enough this is madness
oh lucky teleport don't scatter you
gotta hit him gotta hit him hit him guys
do you have any key no okay let's see
your yonder yarns yonder says regarding
rich being Charlie Brown
you'll love this okay
just go do it yeah yeah
you already hit T no that's fine I got
it here just in case he's got you oh man
Oh ty he's right there
don't don't go man don't go we got a bat
what's he doing where's it going what's
he doing weakening the other door sure
sure
yeah any of the keys
one day I got two pockets okay great
rich they didn't believe in you
we're scattering because they were
afraid of your power should have stayed
by and started hitting them with battles
for him and we all could have gotten
away and then you would have waited for
them that's great that's great you did
it man
you did it rich for president of driving
I'd vote for that you got my vote
that's great fuck'em is always the best
part of the dance is pizza train no I
can't they call the cops
oh she dressed like like was that snow
white or Sleeping Beauty or something
mm-hmm yeah it's like you're like a
princess a princess outfit that's funny
that's cute
yeah there's currently no Jarvis here I
could get Jarvis you good by the way
that's like just a rule of thumb for
everyone if there is a fully functioning
car and someone heading towards it and
you have a weapon help them out teamwork
teamwork teamwork teamwork I was
figuring that Jason would pull me out of
the window I would use my pocketknife
and by then they would run over and we
could help but we'd have a fighting
chance but they weren't anywhere near
they weren't anywhere near me and Jason
failed to grab me so fuck it yep they
were running away they weren't helping
at all no someone else get down on their
own yeah haha bye guys oh that's great
and here's all the costumes Oh generic
superhero karate
oh god that karate that's straight out
of karate kids you know and of course
chad is wearing it I like it yep not
Wonder Woman I love that one naughty
devil no devil Andre the Giant yeah
oh hey sorry I forgot you have no arms
you have hands hands loading head right
and occasionally part of a neck karate
guy funny
army guy certainly not Rambo certainly
not Karate Kid bad guy yep
that's great
ie by head it's only $2.00 hey hey let's
see here
and cephalo pathetic says in the last
best of the worst I saw a tape with the
Bohemian Club owl what in the last bus
or CD in club sautee with the Bohemian
Club owl
fun fact my father is a member
another fun fact so is a man named
Richard Evans what are you hiding which
I don't know what a Bohemians owl what
is a Bohemian Club owl
Oh Thank You Gina suave we gave us a
link to Bohemian Club Dodgers three
Astros one good I'm rooting for Game
seven so good
a Bohemian Club is a private club with
two locations a city clubhouse in Union
Square district of San Francisco
California and the Bohemian Grove they
retreat north of the city in that's a
conspiracy theory esque thing oh it
doesn't really exist and they do just
some weird shit there though there's
been footage oh sure but it's like is it
like an Illuminati thing uh uh the the
elites the political elites okay rich
elite go there it's a club and they do
bizarre ritualistic stuff for fun okay
great it's like a millionaire's toga
party
I'm millionaires toga party that's
that's kind of exactly what it is okay
was that what was the one in the
Simpsons the Stonecutters Homer wants to
be a stonecutter something I don't think
this is exactly like that's more like
Mason Masonic Freemason rich there's too
many conspiracies I can't keep up
Illuminati yeah that's some different
there's too many there's too many
organizations were rich people median
Grove would be like the weird religious
ritualistic place that the Illuminati
hangs out at oh okay I go I'm with you I
get it now
laughs map has Richa Singh the ExComm
exercise restraint video what is this
that's all the information I have no
okay that is all the information the
Valen don't blow things up thing they
turn into a song that's so easy much
thing okay
what one of the characters gives you the
in the first game gives you the worst
advice okay be careful about using
explosives it'll damage the artifacts
we're trying to recover
okay the German scientist woman yeah and
it's the dumbest fucking advice cuz you
stay alive in that early part of that
game by using grenades is the game
giving you terrible advice and it's kind
of become a joke Oh
of course he made it
Jason's commits Ian mix Ian couldn't
catch a cold in this game you just made
comics Ian quit oh no feel bad and quit
oh no dad the joke can make a mixie and
cheese it's just a joke hashtag come
comic see and shaming we we can probably
call that if you want to call that
alright we can probably call it we can
probably call it broke mix Ian's heart
yes you did just want to play the fun
game with the killer man joke
remember that time commits Ian made sure
he told you where the fuse was and you
ended up using that fuse and escaped and
you didn't escape what your teammates
did remember that rich yeah yes that was
good that was good that was good this
guy I know I'm a jerk huge jerk yeah
you're rich come out as gay that's great
that's great rich he'll turn confirmed
absolutely absolutely no chart is riches
Steve named yeah like rich hard Richard
yeah Richard yeah Richard yes that's
that's why it is what it is what
characters would I like to see brought
into the MCU with full creative freedom
to the director well the the book that
I'm reading the most is Miss Marvel is
Kamala Khan Miss Marvel so obviously I
would like to see Miss Marvel come into
the MCU buddy not they're doing fine
they seem to be making good decisions I
wouldn't want to make a bad decision but
I really like Kamala there's there's a
character in the later x-men books that
I always thought would make make for a
good movie character yeah not
necessarily because of her personality
but because of her power do you know who
husk is I've heard the name the husk is
a character who was made by an artist
not a writer yeah because she has the
power to create new skin under her skin
in any form that she wishes okay and so
if she wants to be really strong she'd
create like steel skin but then in order
to reveal it she has to rip off her own
skin
okay and I think visually that would be
very striking yeah so I would I would
like to see husk in a movie because I
want to see people just like I just want
to see people rip off their face
says over and over again so I think that
husk would be a cool character to see in
a movie Jack Ponce I do I want face off
I want face off but with boat with
superheroes someone who I think would
work really well in a movie and I'm
actually surprised that they well I I
guess I'm not surprised cuz he's not a
mainstay you know who would just work
for a standalone movie is long shot
no no long shot the mutant from the
x-men comics who has the power of
changing probability Scarlet Witch no
Scarlet Witch is a little bit different
I don't think of the black cat had that
power you're thinking of Domino black
cat had that power which ones black cat
spider-man villain okay she had she had
the power to they gave her superpowers
at some point it was to affect
probability really give people bad luck
okay well a few people have this power
but basically what it means is that
longshot Domino black hat whoever has
this power is just really damn lucky
okay and so kind of the opposite of a
black hat she would make other people
unload shooting other oh sure sure well
but in longshots case basically he was
just an action hero but that was his
mutant power is being an action hero you
know
like like he would he would find
something really useful in a fight and
he would fall from really far and
happened to land just the right way or
we'll see I think that's why he would
work really well is because he's just an
action hero he's just really damn lucky
so I think it would work really well
yeah long shot the one with the mullet
right he'd have to ditch the mullet
but I'd like to see that I was what can
mix you know somebody is in contact with
him that it was just a joke I did not
mean anything mean by that
these people all the time huh it's these
people all the time including you Jack
you do but fucking idiot to be fair you
know me so yeah no rich made a joke get
mixing and I'll be fine
you just wanted to play a game it's
gonna be fine all right I'm yeah I am
also sure that committee knows that it
was just a joke commits Ian has often
had a sense of humor about how bad he is
at Friday the 13th
so it's okay mm-hmm last tip here desk
raven 88 says apple toast bed heated fur
blanket rat okay Apple toast thing
heated wrap yep you got it you got it
all right great oh that's right I need
to do this now is the point in the
stream in which we thank all of the
people who have subscribed to us during
this very stream much like catarrhal all
to lyon wait it is it's guitar oh it's
like a some kind of Shakespeare it's a
spin on control-alt-delete catarrhal alt
delete' nice Imams at nice emails yeah
yeah nice SEMA crusher of cities who
said I'm so excited for dr to see what's
dr to see death road to Canada
Oh have you played it before don't we
haven't it's all right it wasn't great
it's cute me silly putty
ah beautiful ho Oh God nice name what
this is a nice pun Joe a beautiful ho
says you have been watching TV
or you ever been watching TV and
spontaneously puked all over yourself ha
neither have I all right okay ham 78 god
what I don't know I just grow body oh my
god oh my god you were burned my god
from the ether that was weird
that was weird captain super Ranger is
Joe Flacco elite says happy Halloween
gents
hope Jack recovered from his post best
of the worst hangover I have something I
can't talk about yet but I have and and
a half I feel I feel all right now space
bendito laser beard one frozen ziggurats
says Happy Halloween dance 85 says dear
head and hat ghosts love your stream
keep up the great work
blah blah yadda Sam you heard a million
times before happy Halloween thanks for
coming online and delaying my watching
Halloween on Netflix plans you fucks
thank you
Woodlands one who says I get so few
trick-or-treaters why are 80% of them
20-somethings in hoodies raisins man
give out raisins yes people because
parents are overprotective of their
children now and and there there's a
little bit of their childhood yeah
children can't go out and trick-or-treat
you have to wait until you're 20 before
you can go out in your own to
trick-or-treat you know as long as
they're wearing costumes fucking give
them candy but if they just have a
hoodie on and like a backpack that they
open for candy then raisins raisins man
mr. Plunkett Lincoln Junior
says five too many mm M V con volson's
mega paw sol calm who says two months in
counting vice versa man for 13 months in
a row says all I wanted for my spooky 13
months was some head thanks for
delivering this new subscriber for 18
months in a row says here's to the
finest crew in Starfleet
we're saluting nobody ah incandescent
cactus packs of prime Ezekiel jeans who
says witness me we do Ezekiel we witness
I see that thing witness Sid flip Master
Yoda pals probably hauls variety pack
for 29 fucking months in a row who says
on this the most spooky day of the year
I say may your ghosts remain ghoulish
your skeletons spooky your vampires
venomous your jimmies jammed and ear
werewolves I don't know you had them
last king of adventure magical Flying
Tiger freeway system gutter stars for
twenty two fucking months in a row says
spooky about Heidi sure reefer K who
says there are too many video game
genres these days I'll simplify things
games where you can jump and games where
you can't okay
resting Genki gable v or maybe five I
don't know if that's supposed to be a
roman numeral or not for thirteen months
in a row says thank you for the spooky
stream Friday the 13th the streams are
always a blast you know it does make for
a good stream yeah J chem oh oh
Akim Oh J chemo that's a penny for
thirteen months in a row brave cadet the
last hummus that Danno star who says
favori creepy shake favorite creep show
segment creep show Stephen King Moss man
maybe cuz that's weird
okay I don't know if I ever saw creep
show okay
Lord dawn says what were you saying
about wafers in the last stream wafers
when I met a Eucharist and Jeffrey
Dahmer joke the body the body of Christ
every you know he found Jesus in prison
because he liked the body of Christ when
he it was a good joke
that was the joke of a stream right
there that's what I said about it yeah
okay
Derrick hunt swagalicious pipes says I
fucking love Star Wars swagalicious pipe
says that Denzel Washington for 14
months in a row runs above for 13 months
in a row doctors scientists man wicked
Scott the artist says happy Halloween
retching Jack loved you guys in the
Playkids zombie review thank you why you
guys got to see it it's a nose for 13
months in a row active 1x0
I've it cut do you I've tech to you I've
Tec do you know I guess rich gives Jack
AIDS if that's what you want to give us
money for hey you go ahead Lando was
taken for 37 motherfucking months in a
row a Snickers 3d hat over F says our IP
mix in crabby uncle levy branded eighty
contra mundus for twenty six fucking
months a neurosis hey you guys and rich
I'm sorry that in these best of the
worst you have to be the sober rational
one amongst the nonsense drunks that are
Mike and Jack rich has the hardest job
he has to put up with assholes
constantly yep yep it's true every
single time we do one of these and we
start drinking
chance to deal with us that's what the
but you know that's why he's the he's
the heart you're the heart of red letter
media right without you we would just be
a bunch of we wouldn't even be able to
run the cameras we'd be so drunk and
connect see
