May 28, 2017
Lego Worlds, Friday the 13th: The Game
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/156131378
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/156159159
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/156292766
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tiPA_e6Wp7I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=94khWgPVj4U
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08WDhRA3cps
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/868898125620150274
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/868951906852495360

[Part I]
whatever the heck you want to call them
sock clad human who's sure it's all fun
by me hi there you start a little bit
early Jack's gonna join us later we're
not gonna try to kiss them but I'm Jack
longer is that funny or is that just I
don't know if that's funny I'm
unconvinced
so the Lego world's I have no idea what
the Frick this is I think if I was like
oh just assuming it's LEGO Minecraft
it's a variation on anything kind of
like that about 20 years ago it's a
variation on the old-school Lego
spaceman uniform that's simple that's an
X excellent question hello hello
everybody hello greetings and
salutations what happened to Jack he'll
be around we ate him he'll be free like
6:30 how does that work Karen showed
earlier and I thought you were going to
knock that this brawn yeah we start a
little bit early rather than have you
sit around Chet I will I will probably
play some vanquish later when Jack is
here I can't I can't carry on a
conversation with Karen while I'm
playing vanquish and then then she has
to handle talking to people on all on
her own that's that's not fair that's
not fair
new game press any button to start I did
no game new game press a button to start
select a
I guess and the wrong button is what you
were doing it said press any button and
then you're supposed to hit a after that
for some reason lookyou adventure mode
sandbox mode joined game settings I will
play frame question later I'll play it
later
I can't I can't tell Karen to handle the
chat alone while I'm absorbed into
blowing up robots it would be unkind I
think we kind of did that last week two
weeks ago
what was I playing though probably
wasn't as intensive cuz it's a Lego game
how are they breathing because it's a
Lego game here spaces all air those
things on the bottom is supposed to be
legs or chloe cos what they've got like
little Legos stud grabbers on the bottom
some of them and I'm wondering those are
supposed to represent their legs or
their Chloe cos do you just stick a stud
in there cloaca to hold them steady hold
why you're you're a strange girl strange
strange girl hold why and I move to
stick around choose the head
I guess I'll be intergalactic girl left
but you see that LV and RB up there
those are these yeah yeah those you put
on the Santa Henny front of everyone you
don't need to have pink if you don't
want pink you like you like cute things
but not necessarily like pink cute
no but there aren't a whole lot of
options here either I know don't want to
do the hair beard sure why not body arms
and oh this infernal laptop someday
chastity belt I will use this laptop and
there won't be any problems someday yeah
we go but I can see things they might
need to see
you know died without a parachute do you
die your first lego world person
actually you probably have a ray you
need to use to take apart things water
is weird it's a kind of Lego bricks but
you can go through them oh my god oh
that's gonna be your assemble things
rape right there I called that riched my
thousand book Lenovo three totally
crapped out on me - oh sorry very sorry
fortunately this is not my laptop hot I
use this laptop because it's here but
it's not mine you should take a closer
look at that crash site why is there
like an evil man voice in this
Kenny Lego game you should take a look
at that crash site can you fly off the
edge of the world yes yes you can
oh you laying it on tree alright alright
wow this game has you written all over
it
but you know you were complaining about
how another Lego games like everything
wasn't built out of Legos like yeah land
functional
I wouldn't be a lego game could punch
things and get golden moon yeah blue and
silver closer look at that crash site we
try it what do you see with this suicide
but what looks like the what can I have
a drink rich did you ever watch the TV
show Baywatch no it sounded stupid I
don't want to watch show but a bunch of
lifeguards and I know they had bikinis
second David David Hasselhoff when he
was fairly young and reasonably
good-looking you can get attractive
woman in a thousand different places it
doesn't need to be Baywatch my the only
person who thinks that Pamela Anderson
is too big up top there Pamela Anderson
is dead minors she's too much of a
character from the outfits creatures and
Pamela Anderson wants their renewal
collection I don't like the whole I
don't like the whole blonde bimbo thing
she was just no she was pretending to be
smart but you can tell she was stupid to
be really
masturbator okay so now I'm she got
implants and she is a character now I
thought I thought she had implants and
then she made a career decision to get
rid of them and then at some point they
came back I thought that was how it
worked with Pamela Anderson they came
back by themselves it's not like they
like crawl that crawled out of the sea
and reattached
all right this cutscene eesh it gets
annoying oh you and Jack will get along
No
this game looks neat if you like Lego
world's this is indeed a lego world yeah
so did you get the thing you were
supposed to get I think so no what do
you do something because they're
blinking
you guys stream Friday the 13th the game
I think what we're doing when I jump
into the ocean right I think I think
we're gonna do that Wednesday Wednesday
maybe a stream you want to attend unless
something changes last minute I have
control over all things word is that the
Friday the 13th game is a pile of shit
full of bugs I've been playing it a
little bit that's not entirely my
experience I have one major bug yeah you
were like walking on air I was literally
I was playing that game and I was one of
the counselors and I walked up a hill
and then you know once the slope of the
hill started going down my character did
not go down the slope of the hill I was
walking on air and in fact I just kept
getting higher and higher I was just
like standing there like 50 feet in the
air and the guy who was playing Jason is
just running around underneath me
because he couldn't do jack shit but but
to be fair I think other other than a
couple of like graphical glitches just
because I was like near a wall when I
killed some of the animation didn't work
quite right
I had no game breaking bugs except for
that one it was like the first time I
played the damn game that was a major
one no I played a decent chunk of last
night just cuz I I know we're gonna
stream something want to have a little
bit familiar familiarity with it and I
never that
I want to know if they they we love
premarital sex girls show up and they
came said it's my favorite moment of all
the premarital sex girls you're talking
about are from Jason X where Jason's
like in space and they felt like a
virtual reality program to try to stall
Jason and keep him busy
kind of like the holodeck yeah so they
make a holodeck like 1981 Crystal Lake
with yeah with girls running around who
like premarital sex like sex you want to
smoke some dope just to keep just to
keep them busy and then he starts
beating the girls with each other and
sleeping bags okay banana which I'm
using as a weapon and beating things
with a banana and beating anything that
blinks at me okay yay finally a Lego
game on stream but worlds so somebody is
not a fan of this game
stuff look we're I was looking for
something to stream with Karen because I
don't want to I don't want to do
Vanquish before jackets here and no
Karen likes the Lego and I'm like yeah
we'll take a look at this see what
happens with this marette you'll mezes
hello from Norway and and Marad Jack
Jack will be by later about 1:00 in the
morning there which move the pointer out
of the screen sir oh that's a pointer
what's Norway seven eight hours ahead
Germany like a seven table can you reach
the table just maybe there's a little
Lego pointer thing with the mouse I
don't know if you need that you could
probably use the pointer with the other
control stick right no maybe not I don't
know this is LEGO Minecraft basically
how do you what do you do you build
things what are you doing what are you
doing I'm on a quest to find things that
aren't bananas to fix your robots maybe
I think but aren't bananas well guess
who this banana is probably good for
something like maybe there's a monkey
right now I just haven't my hand so I'm
just using it to be faced and it's
holding up remarkably well did we see
the Lego Batman movie yeah it was
quality wasn't as good as the lego movie
but it was fun okay I don't know if I
liked the lego movie quite as much as
you did
I thought the bits with the guy who the
father and the son were kind of hokey
oh wait I think I saw that light in here
somewhere I also do something with that
light
possibly
beat it with a banana but probably not
have you played lego dimensions that
that lego game that's like $100 and like
basically to $20 a level for the
different sets you have to buy no no I
have not
I've not given money to that fucking
cash scam oh you hate it so you hate it
you'd say you hate it nobody cares you
know super crazy about those I need a
pirate throne oh wait I think there was
like a throne right would you would you
rather just do something different
I wouldn't mind mess with us sometime
but yeah so what do you just get
something for the one guy played this
idea play bookworm I'd love to play
bookworm but then everyone's just gonna
cheat yeah I guess we could just play in
our own and not look at the chat at all
fucking cheaters fucking cheaters we're
disappointed we're just were very
disappointed we don't cheat why play
like legitimately oh wait is there a
gold brick in there
hi you want to give me that some pigs
and chickens is what I need you want a
pig I'd say you what I'll tell you what
we could do there's no reason there's no
reason we can't do Friday the 13th two
days I work just want to talk for a bit
I'll play the Friday the 13th game now
you're writing the pig yes there's gonna
be enjoying it I jump in here will she
be happy they just knocked her over with
a pig she's in surgery care hi here's a
pig aim high enough Pig do you want more
pigs she probably wants more pigs which
I have to chase him round didn't hit the
white button and then the pigs love me
and I write the pigs into the brow and
then she gives me something somebody
else bosses how it works
yes fucking pigs come here Pig it's okay
Pig I'll put mine why button and you'll
love me you let me ride you because well
I have a pig or something
some blue guy in chat says hey guys
Jack there's no Jack here right now I
like oh you're being a jerk yes
uh we don't suppose yeah sure okay they
go pigs the game I do like the fact that
like all that like there's a crab made
out of Legos and stuff and I might not
mind digging around with this game
sometime at home but all right you know
you just relax
well that's and switch it up what's up
it's fine okay well you're busy am I
looking forward to this sure sure
there's something that there's things
gonna come out I can't get out of here
there's a Star Trek can you unhook your
legs from my foot stuck on it handle
your foot stuck on that's why it's
pulling things off the desk they said it
was record speed from start to stop
Karen's voice up rich voices down Oh
Karen Karen has a habit of not talking
into the microphone and mumbling well
the microphone is like not even facing
and now the cameras probably not facing
me just alright Oh
Star Trek show that's right that's
what's gonna discover ya new something's
coming out with Star Trek hidden object
adventure games I've played them a
little bit but like I don't know if I'm
like farsighted or nearsighted or
something but to make my eyes tired
after a while and they get physically
uncomfortable to play yeah plus a lot of
times the what what they're really small
and resolution I'm just getting old
Jack is elsewhere I don't know exactly
where he is but he's gonna be here later
probably watching his kids or something
okay talk talk talk talk talk talk what
did you what did you call what what band
did you come up with today
JJ cool gang or something and I was
trying to figure out if that was LL Cool
J or cool in the gang hello Jenna Slava
any kind of context makes sense you
remember exactly how we got into that
though our life is like without any kind
of context and expect it to make sense
okay he said like Jake we were talking
about music we were being dingbats and
doing duets of Kenny Rogers songs and
stuff what is my favorite movie and TV
show we talked about this last week and
I decided it was like my favorite movie
was like a toss-up between like like
Monty Python and airplane and something
money Python which oh definitely the
Holy Grail TV show how big is richest
Nick it's about 14 feet 6 inches about
18 feet around ok I know
which is a good guy I have never seen
fried green tomatoes so you see we're
trying Tomatoes rich what happened to
Greg Allman you didn't he died recently
honestly I I can never keep track of
which Allman Brothers died 30 years ago
and which ones didn't yeah I practically
did describe the defense instead of the
16 oh my gosh I was at a um at a gas
station recently and the guy held up his
receipt he said he wanted to know if he
had earned like free showers for the
month or something and I guess it's a
thing I had no idea but like some gas
stations have like private showers so
like the long-haul truckers I know a lot
of them have like beds and their trucks
and stuff and I'm sure you know washing
yourself with baby wipes or spend an
extra for a hotel room isn't where it's
at so I guess some of these gas stations
have showers what seems like a great
idea but I had no idea those were a
thing I don't know how he died probably
he was like 70 or something I mean he
prepped the Greg Allman or which one of
the Allman Brothers guys the one that
didn't die somebody said was liver
cancer yeah I figured oh he had
hepatitis C that's kind of a shame
because I think they can pretty much
clear cure that now you know it's like
if he had you know going on for a couple
more years that would probably would
have taken care of them to not have
cancer from it 69 yeah it's not uh I
mean 69 a lot of people live well beyond
69 but you know at 69 cancer is not
shocking I guess it's not shocking at 30
but I I had assumed he died of natural
causes and yeah it's liver cancer sounds
like sucky natural causes but yeah
well the average male life expectancy at
birth the 73 but the average expectancy
for a 69 year old is probably like in
the 80s my microphone sounds like shit
Rich's microphone is indeterminate
because he hasn't said anything directly
into it since he fuck fiddled with right
you need to be specific sounds like shit
how yeah is it too loud is it too quiet
is it distorted is it tinny is it doing
that kind of echoing voice of God God
God thing reverb the Allman Brothers are
one of the first southern rock bands I
don't know the Allman Brothers and
Skynyrd what does it mean if I'm
clipping on my piece popping
they said you sound like your microphone
is off and they said now that I sound a
little loud and that I'm dead I'm tinny
I don't know much about about
microphones they use anything does
anything
what what what what I see they see your
stupid design guys not to quiet they
said clipping is too loud so I can take
the microphone and get it out of my face
usually we put the microphone like
pretty much in my face because I don't
talk super loud
now they say you're too low which is
you're too quiet which is probably at
first it's already on my ass oh that did
that helped yeah I just moved the
microphone a few inches further from my
head she's got a nice butt I mean I'm
not that kind of girl but they it's like
but physics they said you should just
scream rich why and then then they offer
suspected that did they ask someone else
suggested that you smoke dope and then
you'll be higher my voices in reverse
like like when you turn a play a LP
backward and it's summer summons a devil
or something
did I go to college sort of I've
definitely taken classes I do not have a
degree
I should probably finish that up one of
these days my voice summons the devil
hmm
it says we sound tinny and echoey well I
am nada college can definitely be a
waste of money if you don't have a
specific plan and if you don't pass it I
I think it's really a bad situation that
people are in especially people like 20
years younger than me as a group where
their people are like $30,000 worth of
debt when they get out of school even if
they do everything right
Oh No
so are you playing as the girl yeah
phone she'll can hear what was coming
out of her head
everything yummy that was so quick we're
gonna find a different match
remember the NES one yeah it was
terrible the music was good why would
she prefer do you like the Friday the
13th movies or the The Nightmare on Elm
streets
I mean Nightmare on Elm Street after
like the first one was I mean the first
one wasn't that serious but after that
they got increasingly ridiculously silly
there's something wonderfully blunt
about Jason yes simplistic and blunt and
I could appreciate that lego Friday the
13th that would be kind of cool except
that like you know instead of blood like
Lego blocks they want to know if you've
ever played a game called my summer car
no they say that your mic is not on but
you're so loud they can still kind of
hear you I don't know but if I sound too
loud that's remarkable
well my favorite Jason you're talking
about the one where she where she
captures the girl with Stephen beggin
flames are against the tree my favorite
is the one in Jason X where there are
two girls and they're both in sleeping
bags and he grabs one girl and uses her
to beat the other girl to death while
she's in the sleeping bag and then she
got he grabs the girl the other girl and
like beats her into the tree Jason
Alexander is my new favorite Jason Jason
suddenly what's shorter which no we're
talking about how like successive actors
who played Jason keep getting bigger and
bigger the original guy was only like 6
1 which is certainly not a small person
but it's not especially large and then
like by the third one they had some guy
who was built like a linebacker and he
was like six four they say I'm at least
twice as loud as you rich isn't talking
at all right now
talk talk talk talk the duck duck do i
or do I still sound too loud
whenever anybody says that something is
too loud I'm just gonna ignore from now
on because I want to fix it and
everyone's saying it's fucked up all
right well how was that how was that
they said the lower me by 10% I just get
the microphone even further out of my
grill thoughts on the new alien is our
new alien yeah I didn't know there was a
new alien I have no interest in watching
it so I haven't seen it Oh Hodder's like
five nine yeah in five nine isn't
especially short ina that's that's
probably solidly average it's just like
I know some of the ones like some of the
later Jason's move Jason movies Jason
just and some of that might be camera
angles but Jason just looks like this
enormous hulking figure they're busy um
chastising each other for pissing you
off
I think we're possibly congratulating
each other meet the new aliens same as
the old alien is it a remake may as well
be humberto Cabbage Patch I do like your
name right why why would you close it so
your outside oh I see yeah I can't
afford a fight anyway faggot
all right I need to find this
motherfucking car keys and some other
stuff that's the goal they're not
impressed with the camera on the game
I think the graphics are pretty good I
know I'm like easily impressed but
YouTube channels do I like to watch out
to what sighs show and there's something
called the FRA life it's a girl named
Mary and her husband and she has cystic
fibrosis and you know they're nice
people they're kind of fun to watch
mostly those two oh and and I like
watching any of the comedy what is it
the cracked or whatever anyone that has
Roger who is Roger Roger is it's it's
it's like if such and such commercials
were honest if such and such commercials
were honest and he pretends to be like
the CEO of different things you know
like like he'll be like the toothpaste
was on it what was was in his foe's
name's supposed to be Roger Horton so
it's Horton hotels and Horton toothpaste
and this that cracked yeah it is cracked
but yeah anything that's got and I've
been Roger I like that actor he's phony
you bet rich own rich Evans owns a
fidgets spinner he does I bought it for
him and and he uses it all the time so I
think I think that was money well spent
he's also got a couple of those like
ones that are like dice but like kind of
like the you know they used to make
those for babies but this is smaller do
we have any pets we do we have three
danios and a beta and two shrimp and a
snail you've named them all and
designated them personalities I have
we've got well the fish riches decided
that they're like a big street gang or
something whatever what it's not what
the behavior first and there's a reason
for them okay well danios are our
Danielle's are assholes - those are
schooling fish you appear to live to
harass each other yeah I spend a lot of
time nipping at each other yeah a little
relation to do any
damaged so so we've decided that right
rich knocking off the names form the the
larger purple one is big G we think that
one might be female it looks kind of fat
all the time and we think maybe it has
eggs these are the glofish danios and
then we've got an old one that's red
tide and then the yellow one we call
Lemmy and let me only has one eye we're
not sure when exactly he lost that eye
and whether or not he was in our
possession at the time there were more
danios but early on we somehow managed
to kill the other ones so we've got
three danios and then we've got a beta
and his name is Max as in beta max and
he's really alert and friendly and
always comes up to the container to head
to the wall of their enclosure there
their tank to see if I'm gonna feed him
and then we've got streaky the snail
he's a good apple snail or mr. snail or
whatever and then we're gonna win a pair
of shrimp what we call oddly good a
little Stello
I said he's got she's got eggs like I
don't know similar to similar other I
picked up the southern pronunciation of
eggs and legs but I say pegs so yeah
eggs let me see here do we get is that
from today
there's taste twenty-eighth right here's
a tip pellet oh hello from Norway that's
still there some blue guy in chat says
hey guys Jack I like your new look have
you played any other Lego games like the
ones based on films especially the ones
without dialogue they've done better
parody than most parody movies I have
played lego indiana jones to its
completion i've played lego batman a bit
Lego Marvel superheroes Lego Jurassic
Park there they're really fun cute games
and gobbledygook says hey rich how do I
get in on this fuckin erection I got the
game and I'm on steam if I can join your
party otherwise Kiki my mama somebody
wants to join me you shrimp are fun
they're cute they when they when they
when I feed the fish they come out
they've got all those wacky little
swimmer rats and mouth legs and things
they're kind of shy but they're fun and
and they're clear hey baby what's going
on in the I love people to die to save
my own ass
but yeah up until we got this tank I
didn't know that like freshwater shrimp
before and tanks were a thing but yeah
and sometimes they clean off the snail
shell form which is cute let's Chad said
about my big selfish jerk I missed the
moment rich you're such an asshole
no these aren't brine shrimp these are
these are a modernist impractical edges
these are like algae shrimp but I guess
like they're they late they need like
brine to lay their eggs so no like kind
of like like salmon maybe the part of
their life they're in freshwater and
part of their life they're in like
brackish waters so there won't be any
children
why is the game suited buy more of them
when they go to that great whatever in
the sky the shrimp coated I am
encountering far more glitches here
right now than I did the entirety of
last night doesn't that should be over
it seems like everybody easy to go
either either gone or dead
they say rich the guy who leaves
everybody to die always dies in the end
we all die in the end
still water shouldn't say like Crystal
Lake or something
I've had sea monkeys I've heard of
people like I heard people suggest music
sea monkeys is like live live treats
you're for your fish
now what now this should be over the
shipyard where all my credit for this
victory this is totally a freaking
victory Wow
change the name to Stillwater - just as
himself in camp Chris like that's what I
was wondering I was wondering if that
was the name of like a cabin in Crystal
Lake or something in the movies
looks like I think I see the outline of
somebody down there that's silhouette of
a person so just took it awhile you
survived we have to wait rich yeah no I
know you have to wait when you when you
either die or escape but you should be
able to spectate other players
it wasn't letting me do that implying
that everybody was dead escaped or just
quit the game which means the match
should end camp crystal meth is that
where everybody just kind of runs around
and is paranoid and scratches holes in
themselves arguably more frightening
yeah yeah there's like there's actually
no killer
nothing's going on everybody's just
walking around really paranoid and and
picking at their skin they want to know
if you've tried slay away camp they say
it's kind of like Lego Friday the 13th
I'm not sure if that's a real thing
no oh those sleigh away sounds like a
good parody of like layaway and like
some kind of department store with
murdering happen happening oh do you get
Scout badges somebody said something
about scout badge yeah that's kind of
cool somebody should make like I
speaking of Scout badges they should
make a lumberjanes game Elmer James Gary
nobody nobody but you knows what the
fuck lumberjanes is lumberjanes is an
awesome comic book I know but there's at
least one person in this chat who's
heard of it
it's like a crazy girl power Girl Scout
camp kind of thing except there
lumberjanes not Girl Scouts when her
I've been working ok this mic is not
working in there which is probably fine
because they would hear you too and it
would probably be unuseful huh like
feeding frenzy the hit rlm movie
disabled kid drowns because counselors
are too busy doing drugs and screwing is
she's supposed to be handicapped Jason
he was was he what was wrong with him
his brain well yeah I mean both his very
drought he was deformed and had some
kind of mental handicap or something I
think lumberjanes is a comic book
I think it's on boom comics this label
or something but it's it's like these
girls are like in like a Girl Scout camp
or something but everything going around
going on is constantly supernatural
there's time-travel and dinosaurs and
just mermaids and all kinds of weird
shit they want to know where where jack
is we need them to fix the mic cliping
and change the game in chatty is there a
problem with the game and chat thing or
yeah yeah so major one we should publish
it and after this roundel I'll take a
look at doing that okay about fixing the
sound or about fixing the game fixing
the chat anything the sound I don't I
don't I'm not an audio guy I don't know
how to fix a clipping issue I know the
legs for me I know the mics are plugged
in I know we're getting levels Sam Jane
Packard yeah well I've met mrs. Packard
and I'm not mrs. Packard
there's rich laughs like that at home
yes he most certainly does it is not
fake do you enjoy it yes oh you fucking
this should be you wince every time is
the problem you laugh at ear-splitting
volume in your heads using next to mine
when you let loose and there's like no
turning it down or turning it away or
holding it in it just comes roaring out
at full blast
right in my ear or it comes roaring out
of full blast and a restaurant and
everybody was like staring like who is
this guy nice duck thank you
nice beaver no mrs. Packer doesn't wish
she was married to rich mrs. Packard and
mr. Packard get along very well they're
cute they say to let your laugh flow
don't ever watch resident evil with rich
rich Evans is Kevin Bacon what is this
character supposed to be Kevin Bacon
preppy a sweater kind of works but the
face does because he kind of is alright
well nothing
they say the last must flow apparently
that's like the spice must flow
do you understand a doom reference yes I
understand oh no of doom reference
system I understand the reference to
something that he thinks I shouldn't he
looks at me like where did you come up
with that it's like I have the Internet
the Internet's very educational when it
comes to references to movies I haven't
seen and books I haven't read it's this
place when I ask my students what was it
the other day that I knew and you were
like shocked I know what if eclis but
yes the Internet has taught me lots of
pop-culture references
don't is a mascara I was do never
obscure I mean I thought it was a big
thing in the 70s granite I was you know
if it came out during the part of the
70s I was alive I was a tiny tiny tiny
kid tenses are came out in the other
part of the 70s
do i giggle when I see a meme of rich on
reddit I'm not on reddit too much do you
see memes of me ever I don't but I was
watching I think it was a scishow or
something or something or something like
that and then all of a sudden I heard I
heard Rich's voice go wow klip the rich
and I was like oh my god and so of
course I called them in and showed them
it's always a surprise when I see
something of you and something utterly
utterly not expecting it all right let
me see that laptop real quick yeah they
stole where somebody borrowed Rich's
voice this was just like a you know
split second clip of rich going what or
go let me see the laptop oh it's fine
I'm sorry but you were talking to
yourself about the game sure how much
you listen to be whatever so no oh this
thing is my my enemy well you got a
mouse right there just plug in I know
you're like anti trackpad not really
sure why
they say you were a fifty year old
virgin on some site yeah they used my
picture for some kind of sleazy ad they
say you're their favorite Disney
Princess oh that's nice what does he
where is the Disney Princess get a
little tutu
oh yeah there's that I have no idea how
to fix mic cliping yeah I'm not I'm not
an audio person the only thing I know
how to do is I could move it further
away or put it closer into my face it
turns both down or something usually
they're busy like sticking the mic half
halfway up my nose trying to make me
louder you need Tommy Jarvis I don't
know who that is a machete and the mom
sweater for some reason he's a character
that means something in the Friday the
13th universe Colegio Lingus that's
different now you can kill Jason in this
game it's just there's a lot of Hoops
you need to go through to do it you need
to knock us max masks off Tommy Jarvis
needs to have the mask and specifically
a machete then one of the female
survivors has to find Jason's cabin grab
his mother's sweater put it on distract
Jason whip the sweater after he's had
his mast knocked off and then Tommy
Jarvis has to kill him with the machete
okay so like what is Jason supposed to
be because he was originally I think I
don't know I mean is he like a
supernatural spirit is he it's Jason
different side is he is he occupying
innovation on different bodies and then
active like like demonic possession in
the first one there was no Jason the
killer was the mother okay Jason's
mother and the second one it was just a
Jason who turns out accident actually
survived it was a normal human being
although deformed who saw his mother die
in the first movie and wanted revenge he
was a creature of flesh and bone for the
first three movie he was a creature of
flesh and bone even though he should
have died from his injuries you would
think he kept going and until he
actually got killed and not been able to
move from arthritis from his injuries or
some shit oh yeah
be finished go ahead don't let me stop
you he actually died in the third one
Jason dies in the in the third one okay
and then in the fourth one it's somebody
pretending to be Jason but not Jason
it's a copycat killer okay and then in
the fifth one Tommy Jarvis who is the
one who killed Jason's Corey Haim when
he was a Connecticut score he was one of
one of the Hames one of the Cory's
played the kid named Corey Feldman yeah
only all grown up and played by a
different actor dug up Jason's grave
just to make sure he was dead stabbed
him with some kind of pitchfork or pole
and then lightning struck the pole and
then Jason's body got up and came to
life and then ever since the fifth one
he's been a zombie man and then I think
in like the eighth or ninth one they
established that he would jump to
different bodies but nobody liked that
movie so it's not canon anymore well I
mean the idea that he's like possessing
different bodies makes a little more
sense I see you got your facts myths
which is which which is wrong I guess
what I was wonder whether he was a
zombie or whether or not he was jumping
bodies or maybe he's a robot
some mad scientist making a Jason bot I
was off by one movie all right so I'm
mostly right is what you're saying
oh yeah Jason X he is Hylton for copycat
in five okay I was off by one movie
Jesus you so is it fundamentally the
right you story it's just anal sons of
bitches basically
Jason should have been in the Robocop
remake as a cyborg that would have been
silly she's the last survivor
however there been somebody these shitty
movies they're not all shitty Jason X is
pretty good
I enjoyed Jason X we loved premarital
sex nope so one thing you like seriously
that is like the best the movie is
cheesy fun I love it it is um x like 10
I don't know I don't think it's a 10th
that's what the 10th
it says Jason X I don't think the X is
for 10 it could be both it's possible
I'm not sure I'm not an expert on Jason
okay Jason X is the 10th I know when I
was a kid I was crazy about Texas
Chainsaw Massacre - yeah 9 is - Jason
goes the hell well they established the
body hopping everyone hated it everyone
ignored it
what about Freddy vs. Jason where does
that fit in number was happy the last
woman they made well no they made the
remake maybe the 11th okay I recall like
he get at the time it was I saw that
long enough ago that I was worried that
they wouldn't let me in because I was
under 17 although they did
all right the cops have arrived let's
see if this this is not me playing by
the way I'm spectating hi dieded and
we're going to see if this woman under
this player who might not actually be a
woman in real life can survive
oh they're saying in 9th mortician 8
Jason's heart became Jason well that's
interesting yeah they did a lot of
stupid things in the 9th
somebody said they said jaws when they
were a kid even though they were born 15
years later well I mean I saw Friday
Freddy vs. Jason in the theater in a
second run theater but still I mean
within a year of and having come out in
a theater and I know at the time I
remember that I was worried they
wouldn't let me in because I was too
young so I know that came out a long
time ago because it's been a few years
since I was you know 16 and at the time
I looked like I was 16 going on 11
well she survived Jason did not have a
ship together
Jason versus Close Encounters of the
Third Kind
how about Jason like walk toward alive
dr. Jason Carroll I am Ricky deeds they
did like a mash-up between poltergeist
and or maybe like Jason and The Shining
instead of like you know here's Johnny
here's Jason that supposed to be his
mother's call yep
Jason in space that's ten I think yes
that's X Jason Jason that space is
awesome SANZAR go nuts
has somebody said they had to double
check to make sure it wasn't Friday the
13th now it's Sunday the 28th Shaklee
did not release this on a Friday the
13th they could have waited till October
it would have been a slight delay it
probably would have hope sales is there
a Friday the 13th this October yes
where's earth Friday the 13th before
October this year
no it's October it's in October is the
Friday the 13th that's when you don't
always have they don't happen all the
time
no right now it's your dates so that's
the next time yep October okay this year
Jason versus crippling diabetes Jason
versus the catheter cowboy
they said they could have made this game
complete and playable by October its
playable yeah no I would have been
smarter to wait yeah iron are all the
bugs they would have made more money
just because of when they were selling
it not only you know the month and the
proximity to Halloween but you know on
Friday the 13th
oh the proximity to Halloween is pretty
good I don't know that on Friday the
13th would give it that much more
significant it's starting to head toward
the Christmas sales season but it's too
late for the summer kids are out of
school looking for shit to do season I
don't know when like the peak time of
year for video games sales are besides
Christmas Battlefront and destiny all
released around that time oh god I have
to imagine these games would have
different audiences
what can destiny Battlefront multiplayer
shooter for battlefront
destinies and MMO shooter a Jedi game
and I saw just the title there's a game
called Solaris does it have anything to
do with lems book to the best of my
knowledge no damn the new on windows
release down six-six 2006 really I did
not know that it's kind of cool though I
do know that like the Great Fire of
London was in 1666 which was a while ago
granted that sweater doesn't like move
expected to like flop around or
something Jason's nearby
Arius
go is it's still eros is it stellaris
I'm thinking of like so I think it's
mums book with Solaris like there's like
a an entire planet that was like one
sentient being that could like change
its the form of his oceans and stuff and
it could also like bring back a simian
simulacrum of like your dead relative
and although mine fuck you I haven't
seen the movie I don't know who did the
movie but somebody did the movie I and
stanislaus lemma is the or something LEM
I think it's Stanislaus is the author to
keep its polish okay the game is
stellaris and the movie is solaris okay
they're not the same anyway
never mind never mind fairly fucked I'm
sorry I'll come everything's black and
white is that your health sucks that's
cuz a lot of things sucks your character
is terrified that's what that means I
believe well I can't blame him
well I'm Russian I thought he's polish
she might have been Russian actually I
think Jason's gone I think I need to go
back in here and find the bathroom maybe
I can get some antiseptic spray for
health you do that we're fucked
we're fucked let's say you should
urinate the fear away or I might be able
to surprise Jason for a second if you
just p.m. I was peeing at him an option
I think your dad yeah I know I'm dead
waiting Jason Voorhees gets it
everybody's gonna wanna die come on get
killed
come on and die you'll not see nothing
like this Jason guy you say I should
play around you know I'm really no like
comically bad at this stuff how do you
feel about games that are in 3d Rin well
you know this week honestly you're
mostly running enough straight line
I find that they give me motion sickness
and any kind of rage amount right they
wanna know if there's any vendors to
have any flashlights I'm assuming it
helps bring your fear down
fear is a thing so like a booby can
right I don't feel like waiting around
we're leaving the game it's like my I've
never made a game of Friday the 13th of
series I can't leave it won't let me
leave
all right as rich knows I'm a huge fan
of Friday the 13th and the series the
one with the the Chapel of full of
cursed antiques for some reason
playing this game here has been five
buggier than it was playing it at home
are you playing different stages isn't
the hardware the simmons slasher movie i
would have totally bought that expansion
pack
Jason versus earnest and the battle to
save Christmas I think the worst the
worst Christmas with Christmas kids
Christmas movie Evers the glowworm save
Christmas everyone should watch it it's
horrible she's trying to melt Santa out
of prison with the power of
bioluminescence which last time I
checked was not a heat generating sort
of reaction rich to a private match so
you always can watch the stream and
sheep yeah no I'm not doing that do i
watch any of the rlm content I've seen
some of it I'm a very big fan of Western
or musical I just pyrite is all right by
me that's my favorite thing he's done
it's just how rich rich and I have
common interests and stuff we like to do
together but I don't know that most of
it inner overlaps too much with the red
letter media stuff turns out that
original thing yeah yeah movie person
you've never gone to the theater or not
falling asleep during the movies I have
when a number of times when was it last
time I fell asleep during movie you fell
asleep last one I watched it was last
when we want to see guardians - you
started dozing off I didn't love you I
didn't know you during guardians - and I
fell asleep during the huge ballet thing
I saw with Melanie and when would you
say you were a huge hit checkers Guide
to the galaxy fan like a huge huge giant
Hitchhiker's Guide to the galaxy fan no
because if I say that the people are
gonna expect me to remember absolutely
every detail of absolutely she is she
fell asleep in the Hitchhiker's Guide to
the galaxy movie not because I didn't
like the movie or wasn't and she fell
asleep during it
wake up Karen we paid good money to see
this trash panda yep pretty much
I I think I saw that whole movie I don't
think I fell asleep during whoo we're
Jason
I enjoyed it well enough the gardens it
was not like my new favorite movie in
the whole wide world but it was worth
the time all right Jason gets to
teleport it's where these jerks
why don't they mark a lot to see you
know you go to a movie theater and let's
think about this I mean there are always
slow parts of movies you're sitting in a
comfortable reclining chair and dark
room oh it's skins all it corset us you
hate those reclining chairs I love those
reclining chairs because like even like
when they didn't have their kind chairs
aged always try to sit in the row that
was like behind a railing so that I
could put my feet up and now it's like
every role I can put my feet up its
glorious you fall asleep during the
second Hobbit movie The Hobbit movies
they're a little bit long but oh my gosh
the Lord of the Rings movies they are so
long I think I fell asleep for parts of
all of them and we saw them like we
watch them like back to back to back it
wasn't with retch though this with
another person
they want to know if Jason is normal
looking skin when you're not playing him
oh why would he there's multiple Jason's
in this game really like this like this
like this
I was waiting for it and it was gonna
come that little twist so the voice of
his mother yep
why is she so fucked up who what Jason's
mother why is she so fucked up cuz okay
I got another question
so like Jason is like how about I kill
people and you get okay
Jason's all determined to like kill camp
counselors because he died because he
was neglected by a camp counselor but it
sounds like his mother's fucking nuts
yes yes she was a killer in the first
movie so why is she doe says she's
killing people because they let her dad
she could she gets beheaded in the first
movie but I'm just like wondering like
why Jason is why Jason isn't going
around killing his mother trying to kill
his mother trying to kill people to
remind him of his mother and leaving the
fucking camp counselors alone why would
he do that again because she wasn't very
nice
she was crying to him
are you sure look at him look he's
fucked up because in the counselors I'll
tell you this is a much more much more
detailed camp room than the frickin NES
version you know they put knobs on those
doors for a reason yeah yeah you like
turn it and all that I'm gonna Evil Dead
this a bit Evil Dead this a bit yep and
what exactly does that mean
Oh Karen nope I see
read the check please I am reading the
chat for the most part Jason something
adjacent kill people because his mom
died okay so say she was super
protective of her son not abusive I
don't know I mean like this is her Betty
miners she's like making him making him
kill people how is making your son kill
people not corrupting a minor
did Jack become a woman I have no idea
what Jack has done since last time I saw
him but I'm not Jack and I said I shot
jackass I suspect when Jack comes here
Jack will still be jack
no I'm not replacing Jack Jack is
irreplaceable Oh weird we're like
looking at his inside yes drunken weasel
Jason and the Oedipus complex we gotcha
is that a pop machine possibly this is a
campground home Pamela Voorhees thought
he had died when insane started to
killing Nevada - to avenge Jason Jason
turned out he was alive so it's all just
a big misunderstanding
beep stir something subscribed for 20
months in a row and said it's getting
serious I want to know if you'll I guess
if you'll marry him I don't know he's
already spoken for
so is he haunted is she is he psychotic
it he's hearing her voice then please
just weren't a big guy who would've
killed teenagers they didn't think about
any of this you're trying you're trying
to make sense out of something that by
design or by lack of design makes
absolutely no sense
that's what fan fiction is for you keep
asking questions god damn it and there
are no answers nobody knows I can
speculate I want to speculate on what
the answers might be I live there the
whole fan fiction books written that are
pure speculation they said you should
check the lockers bounce any lockers
anymore
how does Freddie kill people in their
dreams
these are legitimate questions how does
Freddie turn people into like giant
flies in a and they go roach motel or
something some weird shit going on in
the fourth one
they want to know if this is on the ps4
this is the PC isn't it yes it may be
available for ps4 in the mouth this is
currently being played on a PC it might
be available for other platforms
and everything but switch well yeah it's
Nintendo what's like the most hour rated
sort of game that the notes are rated
sort of game is hold on I'm killing
teenagers don't let me down the switch
mine do they even do games I have like
violence and stuff real violence
snipper clippers like I like sniffer
clippers you know what sounds like a
euphemism for circumcision or something
they want to know why you're not
impaling people with your pike that
option didn't well mom it ought to be an
option oh it is I just didn't see the
highlighted thing pork come up casmi ow
Oh see death
someone who's like ready to die and
screaming and stuff he wasn't moving
much
I don't think they're crazy about this
game
well who's crazy about anything
what's that say here you go here you go
get him you made your mama happy look at
that
no six of eight that's not my eight oh
six of eight two people got on well fuck
me
hey rich and Karen glad to see you
streaming together can rich kill just
one counselors blanket all the best this
William mr. argit all right while the
fucker
robbed mr. numbers people might have
left the match but it said no survivors
no one oh well
Pecha knack so so far so far I have
killed all of the teenagers Jason and I
have escaped as a counselor I'm doing
pretty good
let's say you're a good mother thank you
yeah the the highlight of this is when
you stuck the pike through that guy's I
really made my cosplaying is you right
now how does that work if we're wearing
hats and I guess you're wearing sweats
sure he's got a thing I don't know oh
been jerks okay maybe I was gonna wear I
was thinking of wearing my Brewers hat
that had like a little rich pin on it
cuz nothing says love like why are you
grotesque caricature here honey
yes the highlight is when I drove away
and left everyone else to die that is
correct
well Jason was right there he was about
to murder that guy he was distracted it
don't have a spider-man shirt on
underneath I just have a grey shirt
do we have couples hats if couples shirt
yeah we both have thunderbolts hats
nothing it's not because we're a couple
those because we don't have white socks
hats but that's the different hats
they're not the same right I don't think
we have any hats that are both identical
the thunderbolts one but that's like the
team captain women yeah it's what's the
one that is like a regular official team
cap but we do have matching Batman
shirts he gets about it though
I don't know I didn't know I was gonna
be on here and it was like oh yeah
why not so this is what I was wearing
this is what I wear to go to get fast
food and what else do we do get a couple
stores
can we wear matching jumpsuits next
stream I don't know in a jumpsuit I
don't think he does either matching I'm
with stupid shirts we could wear
matching I'm with stupid shirt so we
could stand on the wrong side of each
other that would be fun
yep big blue front end says screw this
crappy game I want to talk about pac-man
is our new pac-man I know why do we want
to talk about pac-man I don't know they
want to know if they can get Jack to
dress like a clown next dream no I don't
think so
that was a special you had to ask Jack
about that I have very little control I
will say though if you donate $1,000 I
will guarantee it yeah yeah for fur
enough money Jack will be a clown
stitute hey Jack enough money and he
will dress as a clown
he won't do other things but he'll dress
as a cloud
I've seen the jack clown strain and that
was that was good well Jack clone stream
what are you talking about exactly
they say you should save your facial
hair and look at both of our reflections
and see if you can figure out what's his
wage I don't get that dick I think it's
a little easier than that I think half
the bodice like my favorite character
here heck boxes oh my god I am NOT
Richard sister because I would be creepy
yeah yeah life's full of creepy you know
that gun looks like that I used to have
like a little it's a flare I know and I
was a kid that had like little you could
shoot suction cups out at the end of it
little suction cup darts the only thing
they stuck to was my fridge I mean it
selves unfortunate have to find Jason
right away I am poorly armed am I gonna
have a discussion with hack but again I
might and the areas are already looted
why is everybody in this game weren't
planned because fuck you kid
it's Karen agent right
why the hell they carrying flare guns
boy are they supposed to summon with
them you sure the magician and it
distracts him and you can get away in
theory okay there lumbersexual I think
they might be I'm a lumberjack and I'm
okay
server anything interesting in these
cabinets yes like what keys to the car a
knife to stab Jason with so you can get
away if he grabs you
that's pretty far can you play the piano
no no what I want to why need just stick
the flare gun in this pocket
pick up the knife too because it's a
video game
can rich play an instrument no not that
I know of either can I they wouldn't
know why you can't push furniture in
front of the doors because it's a video
game and that's not a mechanic they
designed for it they want to know if nan
Jason characters can kill one another I
believe they can I've heard about this
I've not seen it
they say you can play the chat like a
goddamn Orchestra okay and that your
instrument is your sonorous voice
diluted saying her shit I don't know why
he runs so slow I want to know why you
kind of like bounce I bounce yeah he
like bonk bonk bonk bonk look I was just
running
trail running lalalalala trail running
fowl of Lala sneaky sneaky flat rock
camp yep how bland to find a phone and
call the police or something
I have no revenue of escape right now
this is very bad I was so depressed I
went on the internet I told you about
this right right the place where I went
to summer camp when I was a kid it like
got bulldozed some solder developers
it's not there anymore
I'm very sorry
serious metal detecting is looking
better these days how do I treat
sunburns that's some kind of joke little
arrows nice rag with soaked in cool
water some of that Nivea lotion
they said the musical string or the
string notes have nothing to do with
what's actually happening
I suppose think they play when Jason is
nearby I mean that would make sense
how can you have summer camp with no
lake that's a very good question I don't
see any arts and crafts see see like one
bed here and there I mean usually kids
and camps there's like 27 of them to a
room I don't see any any close and SUNY
chipmunks I don't see any bats flying
around and people freaking out
use a shitty summer camp where the
campers where the kids it's just like a
camp for kids who are trying to unbale
--vs or something i mean like it's just
a bunch of young men and and like
post-pubescent young men there's like no
campers
I don't seem too concerned that rich is
about to be murdered by an imaginary
zombie man no not really
I think the kids the kids are probably
absent somewhat from the movies just
because I don't like the really young
children you have to like jump through
hoops and get them tutors and control
their hours working hours and stuff kids
are just expensive and a pain in the
butt probably I'm set
whereas like adults you can work them
like animals if you want they want to
know if you've seen the movie Brokeback
Mountain no I haven't it sounds like a
good movie and it was well thought of or
reviewed or whatever great that's
Jason's cabin I think it was kind of a
ward or something any good kids of
expensive pains in the butt offset -
they can be not cheap yep
stretch stretch those hamstrings so you
died because of a pulled hamstring yes
he bravely ran away you ready when
danger reared its ugly head he bravely
turned his tail and fled gave Sir
Richard read about and gallantly he
chickened out
three Marlatt s' let's see now he said
he went to the New Jersey Renaissance
Fair yesterday turkey legs jousting beer
tent ridiculously overpriced right
where's what do you think of rent fairs
have you ever been to one yes yes we
have it's not my thing than rich yeah
though enjoyment depends on who you're
going with yeah I dragged rich to won
last year I I don't know if we'll get
there together this year or not
usually I end up going with my
girlfriends you know we've gone a few
times with people we know who will
remain unnamed bunch of self-absorbed
boring yeah sure last year we went with
a friend of mine who I ever not callable
Emma that trip just three years before
and they want to go to the shafts they
spend all this time walking around the
shops look at these fucking like pewter
dragons and there's a fucking guy on a
fuck a tightrope juggling flaming
bowling pins jerks they want to know
about the baseball the guy whose shadow
you type of about the guy who she had
himself yeah I did it wasn't just that
he shat himself it said everybody else
walked for like a thousand feet talk
about one subject first out of anything
this more to say about the red fair I
live the Ren Faire I I think it's just a
lot of fun watching all the people walk
around in there so little costumes and
one time we won I pulled you aside I
said let's just let's ditch these idiots
and that was the first time I have ever
first time ever I had a good time at the
red fork because we went to the
different shows and they were good shows
all right
now you can talk about
the guy baseball game moon and Rooney
are fun I the guy you shoot himself at
the baseball game yeah there were there
was a well I mean he I think he was
probably special needs or something but
but we looked at him and we're walking
and he's walking funny and then we
realized herds were fall and the right
at that moment they let the baseball
game out and nobody seemed to notice
that they were walking through it which
was just horrific
this was a special-needs guy yeah yeah
we couldn't help it
he didn't know what was going on but
they fact that everybody was walking
through it was kind of appalling oh you
hit the rock what are you doing what are
you you get it you're gonna get it one
killed
they said clipping means the sound is
horribly distorted once you once the
person speaking gets louder our words
were falling out I mean if this somebody
couldn't draw more than an occasional
problem for him the a diaper might have
been a good idea can you hit Jason with
a car no he'll will fuck up your car
well it's not cool
he's going after the car let's see what
Jason does is it gonna pop up right in
front of them why are they like boxes
there are the main road I think they're
safe
I don't know that Jason could teleport
here they said the car physics are
appallingly bad
why is he wearing you this is from this
is what he won the second one was it
really yep I don't know which ones I've
seen which one I had ones I haven't
known seen at least three or four this
lady's smart while Jason is distracting
she will start the car and leave but
she's not smart so when did he get the
hockey mask everyone
ahlian he didn't pull it off fucked it
up they got out they got out so you're
Jason right now
no I'm nobody I'm dead I'm just watching
that was some excitement Doug they want
to know if we watched Sunnis fen ghoulia
and WFL yeah yeah I definitely watch
that I didn't realize until fairly later
that it was a local thing and it wasn't
national it is no well yeah but it
wasn't then speaking of things that they
need to bring back that that were local
the bozo show but if those Oh show needs
to come back I know that that was in a
couple of different markets with
different bozos but needs to come back
and be syndicated or whatever a may if
mr. rule but what keeps you from be
lining it to the exit when there are
seven players to distract him you can't
just walk out you have to take a car out
you can only walk out if the comps have
been called once the cops arrive you can
walk out Billy Corgan sing bozo off Wow
so you have to repair the car one of the
cars or repair a boat is it a rowboat or
a motorboat that's it's a motorboat
they want to know if you can even harm
Jason yes though it's this really
convoluted process to kill Jason it's
not just it's not just doing enough
damage otherwise you can stun him to get
away you can swing a bat or a board Adam
and it might stun him and it might not
stun him they won't know if Jason
teleports yes and how are you supposed
to avoid him if he touches to teleports
next to you um well when you teleport
you're looking at the map not
necessarily where the players are so
your odds of teleporting right next to
somebody are low he does have that quick
move thing but it's hard to just land
right next to somebody to grab them it's
finicky err than that
and yes Jason's Jason's powers are on a
cool-down and you know you don't start
with them all you
he gets more and more powers as time in
the game goes by or possibly as you get
kills I'm not sure what but what I know
what your favorite soda is I don't
really have a favorite soda I don't like
the generic stuff they had that was
cheap fine though the white the the
white box that just said coli Walmart
was pretty good yeah like diet right and
Diet Dr thunder Pepsi's find ayat Pepsi
I've just gotten used to drink into I am
so now regular tastes serving some of
the fancy Jones sodas are interesting
there was one that was like like
grapefruit and candy or something I
don't know what it was supposed to be
flavored like but they had it here and I
was the only one who liked it which is a
regular Cola guy yeah he doesn't get too
adventurous little the duck root beer
too
Halloween sodas from Sam's Club I
haven't tried those or someone might be
good guy here I don't want go back to
the game
but now now like Walmart just has the
Sam's Cola just kind of sucks they don't
have the one that was in the blue and
white and red box anymore
mineral water hey if you like it enjoy
is this exclusively online what's that
mean there's gonna be a single-player
component sometime this song but for now
it's exclusively online doesn't want to
know if the server's in that dark I'm
kind of enjoying it
penny I'm sure we'd all be better off if
we only drank water I mean unless we're
like drinking water out of the tap and
like Flint or something I mean water is
better for you but I do like my pop and
its pop not soda am I your girlfriend
how do you respond to that I'm his
fiancee for over a year now get our shit
together I gotta get my ass I gotta get
get my us busy and planet I'm starting
to get a like I'm very like yeah she's
my fiancee and I said that two years ago
oh my fans yes girls on plus plus most
people who hear that would assume it's
the guy who's kind of being a jerk yeah
we'll get married someday no no nothing
like that I know that I always worry
that some people think I know
let's pop you know bubbly stuff in a can
well Jack be our wedding DJ ort I don't
plan to have anything that's like big
enough to need a wedding DJ just low-key
it's only one two three states that use
pop yeah but we're from Illinois and
that's kind of one of them
what's a bubbler
that's a Milwaukee thing that's the
dumbest thing ever yeah it's a water
fountain where I grew up there are no
bubbles there aren't how did we meet
well the first place we actually ever
met each other was gym class
sophomore year but we didn't really get
to know we we although we had some of
this there was an overlap in our and our
friends we didn't really we liked each
other well enough but we didn't know
each other very well until we ended up
going to the same community college and
then we got to know each other
yeah sophomore year of high schools the
first time we met each other the blue
prism I think it's just the calling
water fountains bubbler is like
specifically a Milwaukee thing although
for goodness sakes they might do it in
Madison - I don't know who knows what
they call it Madison are all hipsters
yes not really car keys well yeah I've
always called it a water fountain this
is Mike gonna be the best man if we do
it with the best man I mean probably
just gonna be pretty low-key they say
bike is the worst man like the best of
the worst you can be the best of the
worst man oh I get it
okay I get it don't you worry okay the
blue prism says in Madison they call it
a water found yeah I think most people
call it a water found except for people
from Milwaukee
but neither rich nor I is originally
from Milwaukee I'll be like it up here
they said so the wedding can't be on a
Sunday or a Wednesday right oh I don't
know I'm sure we can take a day off Oh
an Australia they call them bubblers
maybe some Australian person move it up
here or something it's not of a walk you
think it's an East Coast things its
Milwaukee thing too though I think it
might be an East Coast thing as well
we're not doing the car we're doing the
boat yeah we don't have keys we're doing
the boat
we headed the right way for the boat
I think they all really should strain
when you press the button that's kind of
how all water fountains work that I've
ever seen some of them you have to like
twist a knob let Jason kill all those
Schmucks were on the car I'm just
looking at the physics of his jacket
like it doesn't go anywhere and it's
like weird and flat and KP I'll be able
to spit their gum and waterfowl need to
be spanked unless they like it walk you
should be its own state its own state of
mind
I don't know but Wisconsin has like an
odd amount of steak fried like Illinois
doesn't have any I mean I mean maybe the
rest of the states do they see your
cold-blooded survival
have I heard of a mountain Dew flavor
called do sa is that some kind of joke
or something no although there's like a
new Pepsi like cinnamon and I hope they
have a Diet version because I really
want to try it
Illinois's the Land of Lincoln or the
Prairie State before stick it's liquid
solid gas in Milwaukee and plasma
oh yeah Illinois Scott more corrupt
governor's than anybody like ever it's
astonishing it really is and and when
the guava CH was going into prison
remember though did you did you see the
footage when rod Blagojevich the
Illinois governor was going into prison
for corruption and he was like shaking
hands and signing autographs and acting
like nothing was wrong it's just freaky
fantastic fantastic ready to find the
propeller
he's going after that person Chicago is
infamous for decades of extremely
corrupt and destructive prisons also
still famous for prohibition area
mobsters it's kind of crazy how people
remember that so much they want to know
if you talked to any of your teammates
if you have a mic you can
actually speaking of Chicago I'm totally
looking forward to they're gonna be
doing a movie version of the devil in
the White City which is about a lady
serial killer who operated during the
Columbian Exposition the 1893 World's
Fair and it's gonna you know have like
CGI reconstructions of the HH Holmes the
CGI reconstructions of the World's Fair
which just sounds awesome they want to
know if you hate Wisconsin more or less
compared to what Wisconsin is fine
what's yeah so that's freaking fine yeah
I've never had a problem with Wisconsin
it's slightly colder but only slightly
and Chicago's got shitty winters I like
that it's like Milwaukee is way more
accessible in Chicago because I was
looking like 25 miles out from downtown
and now it's oh my god just a lot easier
to go and do stuff yesterday we were up
by the lakefront and it was gorgeous
see if I can make rich snap before
jackets hmm hey rich rich
hey would you that dr. strange on your
shirt
fuck you they say he's an you rich
I know help find his Wisconsin Oh
Wisconsin is love is my only shot a lot
like Northern Illinois except a bit
cheaper and slightly colder
I don't feel like there's any kind of
culture shock or anything moving 100
miles north which there might be if like
I moved at Texas or something
yes Chicago has better pizza than
Wisconsin but we had D Marino's pizza
yesterday for the first time and it
wasn't bad I still like my deep-dish and
this wasn't that but this thin crust
goes it was not bad
yes Chicago's not far at all I mean I my
peeps are all the way south of the city
and that's only 100 miles trouble Pizza
is not an abomination Chicago pizzas
glorious Fargo pizzas casserole I've
heard that before
and I tend to agree but how does a good
casserole I mean they say that like it's
a bad thing
deep-dish pizzas glorious it's some Lou
Malnati's or or Pizzeria Uno Chicago
dough company Giordano's that's a good
deep-dish down there have I seen
Sherlock or do i watch her like I've
seen a couple episode this thing does
something I would like I just never got
her on watching too much put my thoughts
on Portillo's well the hot dogs are
overpriced but some of the other stuff
is good they've got some the one in
chili Park has some really good grilled
vegetable sandwiches and and their tuna
couple places have tuna tuna sandwiches
that are like like tuna steak kind of
thing and they're good deep dish hot dog
pizza
it's a sounds gross
Chicago food is terrible them's fightin
words the only one he would say that as
somebody from New York and New York
Pizza is fine too it's just a totally
different beast they say I should take a
sexy 25 question accent quiz we might
look into that right now right the
second if I ever tried Domino's Oh God
did you tell them about that you ever
trying Domino's the best thing about
that manager at the store we're rich and
I used to work who seemed to think the
Domino's was to be all of that Delta
Pizza is that he had a very unusual kind
of way of talking and the co manager
could imitate it perfectly and when it
was his day off the co manager it would
get on the intercom and he'd imitate him
and he sounded just like him but but in
a different slightly different voice and
you know it was the co manager and it
was like totally badass
mulberries Pete's in Los Angeles I've
never the only thing I know about
California pizza is that they like to
put ham and bacon on it which is a
little bit suspect but I mean there
might be some great I've never been to
California I mean they might have great
pizza for all I know but I really know
for somebody saying well who came from
there is saying Domino's is good pizza
well this guy's mentioning something
else Oh thinking that they're good and
I'm gonna say I'll give him the benefit
of the doubt there might be great picked
up your gun but yes the fact that this
guy said that Domino's was good pizza
kind of made me wonder you like my
impression of the manager or what do you
think righteous the sound about right
it's pretty good I mean it's been a few
years since I've talked to him he was
like one of those guys it was like kind
of like an adult child like you'd had a
very a very privileged kind of kind of
existence and we used to joke that he
was gonna call a call manager and and
make him shake his deck firm and when he
was done paying but this wasn't the call
manager that made fun out of him I mean
he's like musical call managers
they want an off your trolling Jason I'm
not playing I'm dead
so you're just this person who is
playing see that time right them she's
trying to draw the game she's trying to
time it out okay you know run the clock
or one that she's trying to run the
clock and it's not our work you manage
this one says they manage to Domino's
and the co-workers didn't care if they
made horrible quality product well think
about Domino's is I never got the
impression that they had wonderful
quality ingredients like I'm not sure if
it's possible to make a good pizza out
of what they give you a Domino's Pizza
Hut ish it's not my favorite
at least she's probably been five years
since I've had but I was not impressed
Domino's and little Little Caesars
actually has pretty good garlic cheese
bread when that's fresh that's actually
really good
so you see you're in the Little Caesars
just skip the pizza entirely you're
gonna play this in Chinese or Korean or
something
no people from any work and play this
game okay that makes sense let's see if
I can find a server where people speak
English
is it possible to fuck up garlic cheese
bread I hope not garlic cheese bread at
D Marino's or demarinis or D Marino's or
whatever that it was was pretty darn
good
just had giant horse penis for instant
hotdogs and Chinese people tan Marino's
know it's like it's think it's called D
Marino's I don't sip it's a place we
tried it yesterday I agree with Jay and
Animus prime local pizza generally is
the best oh when I forgot beggars
beggars has good beats in Chicago I
don't know if rich agrees with me he's
not easy for good and beggars is more of
the thin crust then the deep-dish
Chicago style although I think they have
I think they do do deep-dish but they're
not known for it
Hungry Howie's I've never heard of them
I know we went to the rocky Rococo spy
by the airport a few weeks months ago I
know around here and it was not
impressed people seem to like classic
slice slices new heaven
you see toppers a lot and toppers is
yeah toppers kind of reminds me of like
the Little Caesars Domino's kind of
chain pizza with all right a crazy-ass
selection of toppings
all right it's it in Florida I I'm
skeptical
I don't know I found like in Kentucky
and Tennessee is some of the worst pizza
I've ever had some of it is horrible
there may be good beats in Kentucky but
the worst pizza I've ever had
has been in Kentucky and Tennessee Jason
seems to like checking this building up
Oh another one that's good
mostly in like central annoys monocles
nice crunchy thin crust yeah
Oh someone just did mention monocles
yeah that's odd I was just thinking
about that when I actually unless I read
the corner of my eye subconsciously
unfortunately as far as I know the
furthest north monocles is is Kankakee
Illinois which is a good way south of
Chicago when a long way south of
Milwaukee Papa John's is headquartered
in Kentucky is that where that guy has
his giant crazy ass mansion
the words pizza they ever had was in
Punxsutawney Pennsylvania and make it
all on their own and all of it is awful
the worst pizza I've ever had was mr.
Gatti's in Tennessee but that was a
while ago and they may not even be open
anymore
Hicks they could have the best pizza by
now it was you know like 20 years ago
but I still remember it was uniquely
awful kaiser important is also in the
south suburbs of Chicago there's a
there's a little chain called Nana's
pizza that's really good
and really cheap it's by the slice but
the slices are enormous and they make
their crust and stuff right there
mr. Gatti's and Texas is awesome lady
please the one in Tennessee that one I
tried was just just just terrible the
weirdest piece t of her head was in
South Korea the weirdest pizza I ever
had was in Austria we ordered cheese
pizza and it was blue cheese which was
not at all what we were expecting so
pizzas exist yeah and and somebody said
they moved to Chicago to Tennessee and
they'd never been able to stomach the
pizza there yeah I haven't tried a lot
of pizzas in the south but the worst
pizzas I've had have been in the south
and they always say that they're
authentic Chicago style and it's like
they're not authentic anywhere style
pizza and polling where they put raisins
on it it might be good I could see like
a little bit of sweetness there the
pineapple works on Petes I know a lot of
people are gonna disagree with me but
and I would have thought it was terrible
until I tried it but I liked it
corn feed chicken Mexico
how could one fruit make somebody people
bothered I don't know squit on pizza
well squits pretty good they used to
have like a thing at this story used to
work in Illinois it was like it's like
some kind of seafood medley you had like
little bits of squid and octopus and I
don't know what all it was just parts
but it was pretty good I could see that
on Pizza spam is big and Hawaii spam is
kind of grisly though Oh deep-fried
squid you mean like calamari oh that's
good yeah but I don't know about
calamari on pizza I probably get soggy
oh my god nobody gives a shit about the
beads up I could talk about something
else oh my god I don't know what else do
we have we've already talked about Jason
this woman's utter lack of jiggle
physics the ugly-ass broom
all right
shouldn't they talk about Stromboli
calzone soko zones are good there's a
other richest scariest fan encounter I
don't know what richest scariest fan
encounter if this rich if they want they
hinted that the thing that happened I'm
not talking about it I'll have good
reason not to talk about it and you know
I have good reason not to talk about it
so stop asking me about it okay what is
my favorite superhero heroine he don't
find a Squirrel Girl
there is an other car right I'm not
going by the one that Jason keeps
hanging around other car around your guy
you punched him in the face yeah that's
it we can make that really short and
sweet that's basically you go on the
wrong way go to Milan got all nervous
fell all over himself and tapped rich in
the head but not art I don't have to be
uncomfortable not hard enough to be like
a pop lunch yeah because he wasn't
trying to do that he was just falling
all over him so he was like the world's
weakest man it's possible I want to know
where the bald one is hey I don't know
how around sooner or later or he won't
yeah he's got kids he's probably
watching them if his wife has been holed
up at work or something then she'll be
late and they'll be late they said we
sold them to white slavers that's
fantastic
what kind of car is that sound like a
good gremlin or something maverick and
it's not quite a gremlin cousin you got
like a world I don't owe her a gremlin
it's a kind of car well it's not an OVA
my parents had an OVA in the 80s it was
ugly the Chevette maybe I think that one
had like a kind of like a weird little
corner at the top of the roof like where
the hatch in the roof part came together
hold up hold up
escort it might be an escort man it's
been a long time since I've seen it and
escort rich had an escort about 20 years
ago long gone now it's a good little car
though
Seve citation yeah oh no I'm not a
good-good not really a car person it's
definitely a tiny one and it's
definitely like an 80s looking 186
escort sound about right
oh that's stuck in the ground
rich what is your opinion of the popular
television situational comedy known as
Cheers
my opinion is fuck off have you ever
been watched all 11 seasons on Netflix
if you were Sam would you pick Diane
Rebecca oh sorry I don't think the
screen is working anymore what did you
do to it I cleared it but my fingers
were in there and I think you broke it
you turn it off or something
you hit the button to turn on you never
never electronic devices okay let's see
a power button where's apartment on the
side or something
Harry shit well mine's got it up my mic
Chromebook has it on the upper right
it's right here okay Erol okay I was
worried I broke it because like
literally my hand was that was in there
and my hand like punched it of the
screen because he slammed it on my
fingers
I know someone call 9-1-1 my my little
fig kiss that make it better guess it
make it better thank you
oh I'm gonna stain in my pants Oh
my fingers are okay he's strong kick
them in the balls kick them in the balls
kick them in the balls so you're gonna
answer the chairs question yeah give a
shit about the chairs question fuckers
is that the same guys before with a
different color sweater yeah I feel like
this game is worth 40 I don't know I'm
enjoying it though
who bears a pink sweater and green pants
some asshole in the 80s if I can find
out what's going on with Jack oh you're
gonna trade me in I want to get rid of
me
you didn't answer the question about you
I don't do you think I listen to one
part of that question one fucking one
over the years Bend wide eleven seasons
snow if you were Sam would you pick
Diane Rebecca or Carla I took Carl if I
were you I mean Carla didn't take any
shit how old is rich old enough to know
better
it'd just been to the salt dad what I am
and that's screwed by some person didn't
know how to drive the car properly
didn't know that Jason would teleport
and for the car wasn't being careful
it's not good
so you think for Cheers like they wanted
that like this piano man but the the
Wrights cost too much so they went with
that you wanna go
so leave they're always glad you came
this guy just kind of troll Jason he's
way we were you waiting for
there's the cop why don't you run over
by the cop and give him no I'm did well
then how come you're running around I'm
not running around that's someone else
do not know how games work most games I
know when you're dead you're dead you're
not going around watching everybody else
so Diane Rebecca Carla damn
wait no Diane was the blonde Diane was
like Sam's love interest Rebecca and
Carla was the record was Kristy alley
right weirdo with Kristy alley Carla
Carla was like the the petite curly dark
hair no-nonsense lady they want to know
if you ever watched Becker with Ted
Danson no was that the show where he's
the doctor because that sure was not bad
my dad watches that and what's-her-face
the other one the waitress was Diane
Rebecca and in Carla she was married she
was wearing today was no she was ready
to any of you and real my wife he didn't
have like a guest her parents she was
married to somebody in the show you
didn't ever really see I don't know I
don't know I like norm the mailman yeah
he was cool and Frasier everybody liked
Frasier which is probably why I end up
with a different show the easiest way to
S which is age this how old he wasn't
Star Wars came out well yeah ask
anything that's any particular year and
you ask how old somebody was then you
you math works like that
I don't know if rich was even born when
Star Wars came out actually probably not
well do vaguely should have been
there's no Russian vanquish look I'm
gonna be vague with streams I load knows
how many of them I've already streamed
it multiple times
has anyone seen Wonder Woman yet set out
when are they gonna do Black Widow how
do you feel about Wonder Woman are you
interested in when a woman do you give a
postive in it it might piss me off who
knows but I'm interested have you ever
thought or cared about Wonder Woman at
all in the past at any point in history
oh my god yes I had Wonder Woman
rollerskates and Wonder Woman under
Willy and a Wonder Woman kami really oh
yeah when I was like five I was a huge
one I used to watch it I got Wonder
Woman and I danced around and they
wouldn't woman under and and yeah I was
a total fan when I was like yay high I
was like huge in the 70s show and the
reruns oh yeah big time
all right you guys go Wonder Woman yeah
did I have a lasso I used to like use my
jump rope as kind of one but I didn't
know how to tie knots yet so he just
would kind of hold it because I didn't
know how to do a slip knot or anything
it was like long before I learned to tie
my shoes or anything I mean talking
about when I was like four I was I went
through a big Wonder Woman phase and I
do my braid Wonder Woman rollerskates
over the plastic ones that go on over
your shoes and they're like a size is
adjustable uh-huh
I've never heard you mentioned Wonder
Woman ever before at any point the
entire time I have known you yeah and
then they had the Wonder Woman 77 the
comic book thing that came out two years
ago I know you're like Batman 66 well
yeah that outside Wonder Woman 77 I know
they were the best roller skates I mean
especially if you didn't know how to
roller skate which at that age
realistically I was just kind of walking
while wearing roller skates and trying
to I didn't have the whole side-to-side
thing down yet not at that age I didn't
have a Batman cape but I did wear a
receiving blanket as a as a Batman cape
a few times I do remember that ever
played pretending I was pretending I was
Superman and Batman Superman and watch
you Circle Square on TV that was
terribly bad luck remember Circle Square
what the fuck you talking about no it
was like some kind of contra fide
Christian children's something wrong I'm
gonna leave the doors open not
barricading them who is the one that's
dead
goodbye brainstem
let's H ITB rich huh what's H I TV a
half in the bag they want us to be
enough no wonder woman half in the bag
no Chad it's not a rage quit when you
die I'm not gonna sit around for a 20
minute badge when I am the first one out
that's just silly
seriously they need to like have the
lumberjanes come into this game and just
start kicking ass just saying alright
Jacobi or assume that I might turn
Vanquish on Oh WTF ezel Oh somebody
wants you to say their name Omega what
for the bid bid Ikuo laughs barbecue
laughs oh my god what the fuck barbecue
lol ass yep
did I like Brooklyn I didn't see Roblin
I'm sure I'll see it at some point but I
listen to make a giant hurry to want to
get away from here cuz that cars gonna
be a fucking jason magnet are we gonna
make a trip to agonda anytime soon no
that's in Africa right yes
yeah Uruguay is in South America I had
to think about that for a second which
ones which not that they're the same I
mean I'm sure they're very very
different places oh Conda Wisconsin I
don't think there's no kind of Wisconsin
but there's all kinds of weird names up
here like Kinnickinnic and Menominee
Wauwatosa and so you know I wouldn't
rule it out is there a telephone
we need a telephone we need to call the
cops I think it's the same bad boys bad
boys what you're gonna do what you're
gonna do and they come for you
baseball now take your base they say
how's the voice acting rich that's great
it's absolutely Wisconsin basically is
Canada well the top of it maybe the
bottom of it is kind of like Chicago in
miniature
I'm sure that people who live here would
be pissed off to ever hear described
that way but I think they have a lot in
common it's an extended suburb yeah
I have a feeling that people from
Milwaukee probably feel about Chicago
the way people from Chicago care about
New York but they're not very far away
from each other barely Upper Midwest is
all those those French names tribal
names filtered through the French
explorers like even wah I'm guessing you
Illinois was at some point thinking it's
my favorite though I just love that word
Wisconsin does the California of the
Midwest
politically certainly not the climate
where's Wisconsin is a very large area
it's just like Illinois I mean say
anything you want to say about them you
know Chicago is not going to be true
about far southern Illinois and anything
you want to say about Milwaukee is not
going to be true of you know the
superior snow belt
Wisconsin is Canada's Florida hey that's
a scary thought yeah I think Wisconsin
did go for Trump but usually it goes the
other way so I think it was different
than the last few times the only ways
largest state park
Miska is Wisconsin I know a little ways
best state parties gotta be star Rock
Newfoundland is Cal is Canada's Florida
yes like I've heard that I actually
asked our Canadian about that I said
what do but two old Canadians with money
dude do they move to Florida or do they
move to some particular part of Canada
and he mentioned Newfoundland or new
fumbling over they say it dr. Harry Lime
says I'm interviewing Len cabins in ski
for my two-bit podcast today I've just
watched a few of his movies on Amazon
had a blast thanks our alum for bringing
Len to the rest of the world you're
welcome Florida is God's waiting room
I've heard that too southern Illinois
southern Illinois is its I think
geographically further south than
Richmond and possibly culturally - it's
just a different just different than
Northern Illinois culturally different
and the weather is definitely much more
warm and humid than Chicago
Canadians are super meaning newfies
Canadians are mean to people
I thought Canadians whole thing was
being nice and apologizing a lot I
didn't know Canadians did mean it's kind
of sad to hear I thought gays were all
nice the encoders for tiring Chinese
people Canadians can't afford it yeah
I've heard Vancouver's expensive but
other than the rain it sounds like it's
got a lovely climate realistically I'm
sure they have meth everywhere I don't
think it's necessarily they may be
making it more in places that are
isolated but methods everywhere drug
abuse of all sorts is everywhere hippie
I can't get the sand out of my shoes
being in Florida has done a number on my
blues sand shoes aren't the only places
it goes
you bet there's no meth on the moon
that's true there probably is no meth on
the moon and if you open a beer it'll
probably like immediately evaporate into
the vacuum or something the moon is not
made of meth the moon is made out of
green cheese
to school eat your drugs stay in
vegetables sounds like a plan
yeah rural areas do have problems with
poverty and drugs I mean so do the
suburbs increasingly the cities to some
extent have the advantage of the
population concentration they can it's
easier to provide services when people
aren't so sparse sparsely located
her fame was like a drug but even more
like a drug with all the drugs what's
that for am I like it Austin Technicolor
that does not sound Pleasant
no battery yet you know do i DMD i have
never dated indeed it sounded like
something i might enjoy but nobody I
know has ever been in it and awesome
geographically anywhere near me like I
have friends online that like that sort
of thing and it sounds like it would be
fun but really the opportunity never
really presented itself
how about rich what never played D
no never wanted to yeah what is the
escape velocity of an unladen swallow
how many sweaters that I have waiting
around and shouting doesn't sound like
much wrong 32 is the answer to life the
universe and everything he's wearing his
cornflower blue sweater
not really
the problem with an r LM D&D; is Mike
would have to be the DRM so that's bad
news for rich so like real life poke
rich where
you you live to abuse me to brutalize to
intimidate what does Rich's pin number
867-5309 Oh when I poke his arm it's
abused but when he spend my fingers hey
that was purely an accident I know he
didn't know my head was in there yes
your finger poking is a blatant blatant
abuse how's the game so far rich I'm
enjoying it all I really notice is that
this guy is a lot of different colored
sweaters
whatever pressure let's talk about
Cheers
well we were going to talk about the
fact that rose and is coming back on one
with the jacket Sarah get his his
employed okay
it does look like he's wearing a
superhero cape you got like super rad
color you know for those stupid brown
pants car battery or telephone those are
the two things we need you know one of
the two
GIC sweater pack includes the Cosby
which was what female somebody said the
DLC to be wetter pack includes the Cosby
which will render female adjacent give
us that was pretty good ah that was a
disappointment that was going well so
what happen he said that the the DLC
content will include the Cosby with the
sweater cousin of the the the date rape
drug you can put in like Jason straight
to get away they're gonna be unconscious
I wonder it's disappointing I wanted
because Jason gave up and left the match
that's why it's disappointing I didn't
get to put the battery in the car and
drive away I didn't get to call the cops
and sneak away it was a disappointing
way to win so like like if you were on
the Titanic and you got a wouldn't the
lifeboats she'd be like I didn't like
this way let me go back on and try to
try to survive again you heard this game
was disappointing
this games probably as good as a
multiplayer Friday the 13th game can be
I don't know what you want so you think
it should be single-player I don't know
you know playing seven players Jason
would be fun cuz you don't get the
players Jason that often like a 10%
chance every time you play the game to
be Jason Oh grab page la seriously very
much what's factorio I have no idea they
want to know if you like autism soon I
don't know what that means they don't
know what that is not as good as rocket
like lots of things aren't as good as
rocket like raggedly it's pretty good
it's a good you know me it's basically
soccer with cars
soccer or hockey with fewer rules and
jet-powered cars
I agree with half but says you have the
memory of the termite
heck I've got that from me
well said it seems like a $15.00 game
it's I mean the many years it looks
pretty good
but it's like they're I mean don't even
pay much attention to it and it's boring
me
fact please try factorial one time rich
you brand on the desert planet and have
to science the shit out of it to leave
no boring story or cutscenes alright
no that might be fun you know how that's
an autism sim or what that means but it
sounds like a MacGyver sim if you manage
avatar II made a video game version of
the Martian know how horrible that would
be I can't because I'm like for the 2600
I'm thinking of like et it is captain
jerk how are you
you build robots to do all the work for
you in the most complex game of erector
set imaginable
all right car battery this game should
have scooby-doo character skids although
fred is there already I could you know
that would just about any game would be
better with scooby-doo character skins
available it is multiplayer it's farts
so far it's only multiplayer Jack yep
I think I hear it's either jacker or
Jason is coming up the stairs to kill us
at this point I might be ok with that
Jack put us out of our misery quickly

[Part II]
thank you jack yep I think I you're it's
either jacker or Jason is coming up the
stairs to kill us at this point I might
be okay with that
Jack put us out of our misery quickly
I'm looking for a car battery and keys
we need it we did a bunch of things
no multi-deck did not bring Taco Bell
when did the mic set up one says her
mics are clipping I'm not an audio guy I
don't know how to correct this or what
that even is they were saying that I was
loud which is probably a miracle I said
Karen was quiet I tried I was loud I
tried to adjust it and no one was happy
and I was that I was like distorting
terribly when I spoke up or something
and I moved the microphone away from my
face which seemed to help it better be
good did Jack fix the audio successfully
they want to know if you wanted an
adventure to get eggs Jack we were we
were over at the demarinis pizza
successfully yeah they said I'm quiet
now well you know what you guys are just
gonna happen you just gonna have to deal
with it okay you made your bed you you
you lie in it okay okay okay see now I
can move the mug closer well a little
bit anyway but not too much cuz I might
have to move myself
no it's fine it's all fine okay they
basically somebody in this cheers is
obsessed with knowing from a guy's
perspective I guess whether you would
want Rebecca or Diane or or Sheryl from
Cheers
Rebecca or Carla I always liked the
curly-haired one and Diane was like like
Sam's love interest hi everybody I made
it I don't know that much about Cheers
what is wrong with these people
our fans new heart I've never seen that
much a new hire all I remember about new
hardest is Larry Darrell and Darrell
Oh Jack has a microphone he's working
out and he's like screwing it in and
assembling it and working a bunch of
little knobs and things what'd you do to
it I didn't do nothing
rich and I have been abusing each other
yeah yeah he slammed my fingers in your
keyboard on accident did your laptop he
like what that close your laptop in my
hand was up there so that I started
poking him how come no one ever picks
mrs. Howell from Gilligan's Island don't
older women lead lovin to is this my
microphone this is my microphone nobody
ever picks anybody but Mary Ann yeah hey
everybody hi hi Mary Ann Hondo Hondo
precent Oh Mary Ann oh there's Gilligan
the skipper to the millionaire and his
wife the movie star the professor and
Mary Ann hello hey everybody
Mary Ann okay so wait do you have is
there someone chasing you rich not at
this moment oh okay this game has a
fixation with sweaters what do you mean
what you I'm well there's like this guy
that walks around in sweaters and
they're like they're always tied to his
back and they come in like four
different colors and now she's wearing
it have you ever been to summer camp it
gets cold at night cannot find it
Northwoods yeah it does yeah
surprisingly so Oh
considering how warm it gets in the
daytime run run don't run this way don't
run this week don't run this way nope
does it are you playing with people you
know or no we learned our lesson
oh there is there is and he can't run I
assume
can you run rich oh he throws a night
die that's great that's great
hi that's a great question or does the
VHS glitch I'm gonna entertain oh my god
I thought that was there just to make
things with more IEDs or something
that's a good question maybe it does
signify something maybe that means he
sees you
somebody said they gave their fish Han
Solo a proper burial
I heard I heard someone asked us to name
their fish they named him Luke Leia Han
died I'm sorry
yeah Tibet did you it's a proper burial
about encasing in the Carbonite I think
it's just flushing them down the toilet
I think that's just more of a fish thing
not necessarily a Han thing until they
get to another an 18 year old frog fish
named fluffy that we bury the yard
because well because we had for like 40
years but also because we were
legitimately concerned that he might is
that what the via jest which means you
can't do something
Wow enjoy dying your dead body
what's HUD Housing and Urban Development
but well yes Housing and Urban
Development is very important in games
by the way so if you toggle if you
toggle why right now you can actually
add input so you know how you think tax
dollars should be spent for housing or
it means a heads-up display okay Karen
somebody said that the well you know I'm
not a brain surgeon like our housing a
nice topical humor but the VA John Rich
we even had help from your team and you
still died they said the VHS means
adjacent yeah I mean just tell me these
teleporting oh he can tell you can
teleport he has abilities chip I got
away entirely on my fucking own like the
second or third match we played oh it
says you get to talk to bed meat you get
to talk to Ben Carson if you click on
that nice Oh Jack I tell you how the
pyramids were used for storing I earlier
on in the stream huh
I fixed the car mister car needs battery
and gas and you need keys oh I did all
of that myself uh-huh
I got in the car I started it up other
players are running towards me to get in
the car and I left them behind because
Jason was on their ass and while he was
busy dealing with them I escaped they're
running towards the car they're not your
friends right I love you you feel bad
for them I got the drive for the exit
unobstructed music a.m. we have certain
your survivor's guilt has survivor's
guilt it would have been different if
you were maybe playing with people you
knew and there were friends but these
were the strangers fuck them they said
you're crippling diabetes kept you from
running fast enough no
oh look at this fanciful hipster oh shit
oh he really can't teleport okay there's
like a lot this game everybody seems to
either wear a plaid or the dress like
some kind of rich yuppie from oh my god
there's wait to see if a knife is good
all the way no he needs to split in half
now it's almost like they were designed
to look like the people loved in the
movies back in the day Karen do you want
to give this a go Jack no I don't care
to be interested but you know it's not
bad yeah try it out on another day enjoy
this more than I enjoyed dead by
daylight oh yeah I remember that yeah
well we're gonna probably string this
Wednesday to rob of probably possibly
how do you donate Bitcoin our donations
are done through PayPal so somehow you
can hope I'm dead this sounds like
there's no way to do it directly but you
know there's probably some way to do it
if somehow you can turn your Bitcoin
into PayPal them yeah you turned your
real money into Bitcoin and then you
turned a Bitcoin into something and you
turn your something this step thing into
something into PayPal and then yeah do
PayPal or just do PayPal
do we take food stamps
those aren't a thing anymore now it's
they're just on cards well it still yeah
if you want to mail us all of your snap
cards and not feed your children I mean
I guess that could happen this person is
smart they would just drop the car
battery just wait him out four six nine
yeah that's the yep she's the only one
left there's no way she's going to
install the car battery he's talking
right over me yep right probably grab my
keys they need that but this was the
plan was never going to work that plan
is never going to work
we need more guts more guts
gonna be killed by lady fingers did you
be distracted by them and you can get
away sure that's nice cuz you can't kill
him
there's like a convoluted process you
would need some massive teamwork yeah
you didn't actually poke me you like
pretend poke I tried to poke you but I
couldn't reach just a problem you
couldn't like I literally from that uh
yeah but I was like reaching this way
without looking see you you go they
would make contact pretend poke so why
does he have the dead head of his mother
he keeps trying to make sense out of
Jason and what he is it's a nonsensical
mystical universe yes well except for
the first one which kind of makes sense
kind of
after that you know the further the
further the first one it was the mother
the whole time right let me see this
thing
Oh God oh Jesus Christ PSA get a room
JS BA God they want to know if any of us
have ever sky dived I can speak for oh
that's not gonna happen how about you -
I've never skies the sky dome hey you
could do it for me
there was Pella Sawa's there was
probably a time where I would be okay
skydiving but then like enough good
stuff happened in my life where I'm like
I don't want to end this stupidly
cuz if you die while skydiving everyone
goes and yeah no that's that's pretty
that's pretty okay like yeah he was an
asshole jumped out of a plane
what Oh what do you got kids you try to
avoid dying while they're kids
well you know dying while doing
something that is like it's really easy
to die by yeah yeah you if you have if
you got kids if you have to die die like
saving something saving somebody from
burning building or something where they
could be all proud of right exactly
that damn jumped out of a plane no he
didn't he paid a bunch of money to jump
out of a plane like a jackass and then
and then you know the thing that
happened when you jump out of a plane
happens
but his local newspaper is like the
Milwaukee Journal Sentinel so I don't
think jumping out of a plane at a leak
he'd make the front page if it was like
you know some small town baby
Milwaukee said that something bigger
would come up some aldermen would have
an affair somebody would do something
and so does it take a while for Jason to
spawn no no so he spawned somewhere
everyone spawns somewhere from carbon
our battery oh that's good Jason have
children is Jason fertile he's sometimes
he's a corpse sometimes he's not a
corpse sometimes he's a disembodied
spirit he was a woman I know he was he
was the mom in the first one he wasn't
there right in the first one it was them
it was Jason's mother the whole time
Jason's mother possibly see right on my
ass
you do have an odd relationship
yeah what luck
that's not gonna to meet again
oh he's a skis that you're like oh he's
in front of me he's right in front of
you can you play this game there's
Jason's mom I mean is that one of the
Jason is available and that's why you
want the pocket knife oh yeah I didn't
have time to hear your question because
I'm fighting for my motherfucking life
but my guess is talking about that I can
have the original skin the of the
original you know the Jason
quote-unquote but my guess is you cannot
play as an old lady well that seems like
an oversight you know what I bet this
this will be chalked full of DLC if
somebody suggested that there should be
downloadable sweaters one of which would
be the Bill Cosby sweater which would
cause the female campers to you can
throw the female camp Rosetta I went I
want a version where you something where
you could grab people into sleeping bags
did you stop this whopping oh right that
would be great oh this is sleeping bag
death in this but you have to you have
to find somebody when they're hiding in
a tent sure which probably isn't gonna
happen hiding isn't that useful and this
unfortunately he said you should check
out the Scimitar I need to find that car
battery I dropped and then we can go
check out the cemetery there are
sleeping bags well you know but I want
to know if you can beat people with
other people in sleeping bags that's
you're talking about how our favorite
part of the whole Jason series is where
the girls where they've got the virtual
reality thing going and the girls are
like we love premarital sex oh sure
oh no isn't that is that Freddy vs.
Jason no that was Jason eggs was that
Jason eggs though and then he takes that
your own sweet bikini bag if you deserve
a beat the other girl the sleeping bag
dad everything all right what am I
looking for in this cemetery so there's
me
my guess is some of these so yeah there
was Pamela Voorhees his grave okay
probably these are little
Easter eggs we gotta try and live here
yeah no time for Easter eggs does that
mean he's gonna close her yeah
yeah oh there's a tent okay okay what
are they afraid are they having really
bad sex a little bit of both they're
afraid because we bad sex and put down
the car battery but there was a shotgun
no I found a bomb day jason vs. jason
bourne who wins oh good question
that's a great question jason vs jason
bourne my guess is at the end of the day
Jason Bourne wins bud the second act low
point is horror Jason really really
beats my bad how about Jason Bourne
versus Jason and the Argonauts does he
have the Argonauts okay then
rich what do you want me he's on your
nine he's on your now this way I'm
crawling into this window great I just
wanted to let you know he was on your
nine tiberius clerk says Jason Kirk says
Jason Voorhees wins because Jason Bourne
can't Krav Maga for he's to death no you
really can't
yeah but he could stun him and and he's
also like a super text 5 so he could
like set a bunch of traps he could do
some shit blow him up and he's pretty
good at running
Jason Statham versus Jason Jason Statham
all the way Jason Statham would do some
fucked up shit and tear him apart looted
I'm not gonna find anything useful on
here
how about what's the name of the guy who
the the guy from Seinfeld Jason
Alexander Jason Alexander he's giving a
pretty fast a thing no offense to Jason
Alexander but you know but offense huh
no offense but offense no I'm no offense
but I mean look at one he's an older man
you know I'm not I'm not basically I'm
making assumptions about the athleticism
of Jason Alexander at this place based
purely on this an older chubby older
poor smaller frame individual I'm gonna
go out on a limb and say you know he
can't run a solid mile we're talking
prime Costanza here then maybe no Jason
still wins Jason still wins Costanzo
eats it Cramer eats it Elaine and Gerry
barely make it out
Kramer eats it yeah no Kramer's pretty
pretty crazy Kramer and Newman hatch a
plan to stop Jason and it's a wacky
goofy plan that Kramer is sure is gonna
work and and Jerry wants to be more
sensible and just run away with Elaine
so Kramer and Newman end up eating it
this is now a spec script that someone
needs to write which is Seinfeld versus
Jason calling and calling triple-a to
hire a tow truck should have been an
option what helped but of course Freddy
would have shown up driving the tow
truck new and dies and that's for sure
absolutely no and then like you need a
you need a buddy combination and so you
have to have the numeron Newman and
Kramer buddy package
oh nice
so then Kramer can like stumble upon the
mutilated corpse of Newman alright drop
how do I drop by too much Kramer versus
by you how about a few addresses Andy
Kaufman up there right he's right behind
you
he's right behind you we're dead yeah
yeah okay we can't run we're dead okay
how do you drop items yeah
he squeezed my neck
squeeze it you're up you know what rich
a fine effort and you you got the car
battery near the car and so like can you
type to them and say the car battery is
near the car no I don't see any option
for type chat you almost need a mic it's
usually T it's the dumbest thing you
know it's a big negative it's a big
negative I was with a group once trying
to get the car started I had found the
keys before I ran into these other
survivors and I kept hearing them over
their mics we did phone keys we did find
the keys I couldn't communicate that I
had the keys I mean this is like last
night making a microphone hooked up well
it's a it's a cooperative multiplayer
game sure so you either need to have you
need to make sure that everyone hasn't
like to play it or it's on PC there's a
keyboard right there of course text chat
yeah or something like like overwatch
has like quick character doodle
sentences get a fucking mic right you
never play fucking multiplayer games
fuck off instead of taking the time to
type your character can sit you can have
your character say stuff like let's go
this direction or you know here's here's
where my ultimate is and so maybe they
could have like a key I like a shortcut
where your character could go I have the
keys we need to find the battery watch
out behind you that would be great I
have let's go to quickly chat mouse and
keyboard mappings forward left backward
right in Iraq crouch jog run flashlight
map objectives inventory next inventory
previous weight use item use item use
item use item use large item drop item
drop large item Z Z I'm using a
controller right ask that
he'll be we review hold breath break
free aim combat stay wait I'll push the
time no push talk isn't useful at all no
text no text well we could do that right
now right like if I hold T its
push-to-talk I don't know if they can
hear me I don't know if the game comes
our mics or what I don't know Oh looks
like you can heads up everyone we drop
to the battery near the car is the only
person alive
they learn to use the flashlight in
Morse code we wait for this guy to die
or do we leave and find a new match
maybe this guy to die rich see what's
going on testing testing KO taan cloture
kick what
Jack generally the dead can't
communicate with the living in these
games oh sure you know what that makes a
ton of sense that makes actually way too
much sense this guy he's great
like the play is Jason one more time Oh
his feet don't really touch the ground
and that's a little upsetting kind of
glide eeeh there might be touching the
ground but he was like hovering like
yeah I found a guy I had a major glitch
yeah yesterday first first round I ever
played oh no um I was like I was kind of
like walking up a hill and I I got
detached from the ground I ended up like
a hundred feet in the air
Jason's just running around underneath
me can't do anything nice so you want
high disconnected yeah and I'm guessing
if you sneak like this like if you're
Jason if you're Jason I'm guessing you
can like hear people we play as Jason
you'll see this there's all there's a
whole number of things Jason can do okay
they want to know if you like the board
game life I'm okay with life I always
like the little cars yeah it's like it's
fine you have to get the walkie-talkie
and hear other players you can hear all
the players if you're just near then you
have the walkie-talkie you can hear and
talk to them from anywhere it's if they
have a it's a game that seems designed
to make adulthood seem as awful as
possible I'd say it makes it seem it too
easy I get some kids you get some money
like
i-it's a button you know what like
that's that's like a classic family
board games and like I'm part of that
it's no monopoly well it drags on
forever a lot of people play by like
house a lot of fight house if you play
by the actual rules it's a lot quicker
yeah I've heard that which is nice about
payday you ever play payday payday it
was kind of fun it's like you had like a
calendar and you went through the mom
tried to game yeah like there there's
some fun I found some fun YouTube videos
about like the history of Monopoly and
it's actually like it's really
fascinating monopoly started out as an
anti Gavin board game yep show you how
horrible it was to show you how horrible
capitalism wasn't like the fat cats a
ruining average folk but then it was
bought out by Parker Brothers or they
came up with the monopoly clone or
something that turned it into a pro
capitalism game and so but like a couple
the thing here's my question did they
change the rules they check out not all
of the rules they only changed some of
the rules which is why the game can seem
uneven at times as they kept a lot of
the original rules but added their own
twist to it and and so that's why I can
seem so weird but then it like everyone
plays with house rules and yeah one of
the biggest House Rules is is free
parking yeah and on free parking and
like people put their money in the
middle and it's like winning the lottery
not supposed to happen yeah people also
do a lot of things where they they take
out loans from each other and things
like that well and I think that's the
kind of stuff is acceptable like where
you are where you can barter with other
people the other thing is if someone
lands on a property and doesn't buy it
it's supposed to then go up for auction
to all the other players and then they
can you know auction and bid on it
it's gets it and so a lot of times
people don't play that way and a bunch
of property goes on bond the controller
doesn't have a push-to-talk I know every
time that they like change the tokens
people get all up in arms all kinds of
minor quibbles I have with this game
yeah no I am enjoying it okay well
paradoxically if you want to talk tell
me I have I got my finger on the T if
you want to talk I have the keyboard on
my lap I'm ready we're gonna do this is
multiplayer gaming you see your
microphone doesn't seem right which is
vague my microphone doesn't seem right
how does it seem how does it seem wrong
finally they were just set up and never
moved never adjusted weird for a minute
that was kind of the idea yeah you know
who ruined that rich you know who ruined
that idea nerd crew you dickheads had to
use these microphones for nerd crew and
of course they're not my microphone so I
haven't yeah you have no saying it I
were very very fortunate to have these
wonderful microphone they say the game
is louder than either me or you really
apparently nothing's louder the rich
no never have you ever met rich
nothing's louder than rich well then I
will move the microphone closer to my
face Thank You Aaron you should do the
same if I stick them well there's the
problem with this is that I'm trying to
read the chats right and you have now
stuck the microphone between my face and
the Chad's right and these these two
things that are embedded in my face they
they are involved in in yeah
reading now you've lost you're sad about
go for broke replay that go for broke no
it's a sort of anti-monopoly you're
trying to get rid of your money there is
an actual game called anti-monopoly did
you know that did you know there is a
board game called anti-monopoly I will
get right on that chief evolving new AI
so I just like some iced stock so I
could just kind of Bend him around you
know
a snail has that would be needs that
would be super super neat epic jason
says this upcoming Saturday is this 31st
birthday happy birthday happy birthday
this upcoming Saturday so in happy
birthday in six days
happy birthday yeah Harvey barf biofuel
31st it's less than six like 28 no no he
didn't say his birthday was on the 31st
birthday on Saturday okay I can see
where that June Sun Joon something oh
hey hi are we gonna be Jason oh great
okay all right here's a Jason's first
power okay teleporting oh look at that
let's go right here no one is almost as
old as rich I'm older than rich not by
much
No
a couple weeks okay and I see it has a
cool-down
oh and and what are those circles nice
sense is available okay
it said I'm confirmed for Cougar when
you're when you're less than a month
older I don't know that's exactly cougar
I mean I'm like robbing the cursor
that's somebody I'm like robbing the
cradle from the big wheel or something
driving bike and the big wheel rather
robbing the cradle or something sure so
like that's not that was someone running
rich or something yeah they're walking
making noise okay and they need to be
more afraid before my sense can pick
them up they're in the other side of the
lake okay somewhere the amount of age
difference that has to be there for it
to matter goes up with your age like you
know I mean like if you're 90 and your
girlfriend is 77 nobody says oh you but
like you know if your
20 in your girlfriend is three or
suddenly that's weird
oh really
he didn't wonder Jason
make them what's up said this guy looks
like when you the sweater guy looks like
when they use a plastic thing to pull
your lips back and they want to take
pictures of your teeth age divided by
two plus seven yeah that read houses you
know somebody's a reasonable at least
once people are not like really little
nice door you had their dingus nice okay
yeah we're gonna now your thumb walk so
why does Jason keep having issues with
fireworks because it's a game play
mechanics so the player has something
they could do to hold him back
story-wise maybe he was didn't he I
don't know he'd be drown right
and there's also Evil Dead mode neither
don't dead moose mode me to move you run
really fast that was quickly the fun of
that car battery
nope hello Suncoast that was like the
VHS store right those videos overpriced
movies did they even make it into the
DVD era now their movies were like 30
bucks oh yeah yeah but they they had all
like that was like this special food
video store they had all the foreign
imports all the specialty ones all the
niche markets and then came the internet
and then then came Netflix know that
when when it's like Sunkiss or Suncoast
yes yeah when it places are that
expensive it's hard to feel bad for them
would I go under right yeah you know
what but you know in like growing up in
the suburbs that's what we have that or
blockbuster pretty much and you know we
couldn't buy anything from blockbuster
that wasn't like horribly degraded after
a thousand viewings well we said that's
the video store I had that's the only
video store I had in the suburbs Oh
dingus we had black eyes we had
blockbuster and Hollywood and then there
was like this family video update which
had like a porn room how do these people
fight all of this shit so quick there's
like blockbuster with a former
you can never die they're trying to kill
you
can't dodges he's not alive dingus
victims win by not being dead and they
escape right they get off the mappers
energy you can see them through the card
now that enough time has passed
are they red make them suffer likely
I'll be honest
Jason seems a little overpowered
I'm doing really good right now are
you're doing you're doing so good it
almost looks not fun Jason's like like
under the giant figure Jason make them
stop her Jason can teleport Jason can
teleport and Evil Dead which is great
they say he's just trying to ask them a
question
ah which ones that icon in the upper
left upper left yeah can you chop OH I
then rage mode starts I don't know much
about that I haven't had many
opportunities to be Jason sure come on
you fuckers got to be around here
somewhere I think there might just be
one left yeah had more than one left so
now they're probably being smart like
sneaking away right
yeah you're playing against like other
actual people right yes don't want them
to get to that car but there are other
cars oh there are other cars it might be
one other one though hello Betty go
what are the circles going back to the
car smart buy yeah oh yeah she's gone Oh
yep damn it oh dear and close rich so
close they found like all of the things
they needed to get that car going like
right off the fucking bat I all said
done I did good okay oh no you look like
you were doing exceptionally well I need
a break you want to give this a shot
sure
okay keep that you know you don't have
to respond later don't feel stress about
it look at this right in front of me any
tips what kind of stuff do you get when
you level up you unlock different
counsellors different outfits they can
wear versions of Jason from different
movies though it seems like which one
you get is randomized sure but you don't
unlock other options you can spend like
points you earn by playing for different
kills okay or for like survival perks
and I can only imagine there's also
microtransactions where instead of like
getting in my leg I'm not even sure I
even at least I haven't noticed anything
but that was like I paid for this oh
yeah I haven't noticed I haven't gone
looking sure I would I'd assume there'd
be some sort of like counselor perks
though people things like like Jason
might has a chance to not notice you
when he uses his sense powers like stuff
like that cool you run faster under
dress you know yeah I agree with this
person for $40 she better not be
microtransactions that's that's all game
well and and you know it's one it's one
of those it's not free to play but it's
you know a freemium or it's like it's
it's the same thing they're doing in
overwatch where overwatch is a
full-price game but they have loot boxes
and you can earn loot boxes just by
playing the game or you can buy them to
get them faster and it's like that's how
you make your money that's how you make
your money I'm so pissed one got away
you should be so pissed
you should be that was a good run though
well just think about all the people you
killed not about the one person you fail
to go rich you killed so many people did
such a good job arey dead so dead really
dead they're so really dead jack they
want to know if you've seen the new twin
I have not yet I have not yet knowing
we're probably gonna talk a little bit
about it on Wednesday I'm a little
tempted to but I also don't know because
I have a lot of work I need to get done
in the next couple of days as we're
waiting for this round to start I can
say over the weekend I did have a chance
to finally see get out the Jordan Peele
social commentary horror movie which was
fantastic finally came to video on doing
their defending you huh
defending you rich rich was not short
tempered about the question it was
carries complete lack of either
awareness or caring about what the
situation the game was in dividing his
attention for non pertinent mundane
nonsense I could have waited a minute
that's true yes yes
rich Jack Karen which is each of your
favorite Friday the 13th film thanks for
all the free laughs I don't have one
I like I really like Freddy vs. Jason
that's that was fun I don't taste max oh
yeah there's some to be said for Jason
eggs too I think they're all fun for
very different reasons like you know you
gotta have love for the original but two
is wacky font was was it two or was it
three 3d that was 3d probably three ha I
knew a sumed three but it might have
been could have been for maybe the 3d
one is silly that you know they do so
many stick it to stick the thing towards
the camera they kind of love that three
was 3d and the jaws did the same thing
Josh 3d yeah I remember seeing them the
theater and black and white with those
stupid red and blue glasses oh yeah
I love that guy's face mm-hmm okay move
around windows are your friend with
windows with a shutter you can't climb
through windows that don't have a
shutter you can you can like open those
and get in
Jason cannot go through the windows he
can smash them and when he smashes them
you take a little bit of damage when you
climb through or so I've heard but not
really noticed tap a to go through hold
it down to close the window again what
you're not gonna want to do then look
for drawers and you want to find items
you can escape by calling the police
then the police come then you can walk
out the exit otherwise you can't walk
out the exit you're trapped in Crystal
Lake or you can drive out but you have
to fix the car which requires car
battery car keys and gasoline or you can
repair the boat which just you need the
propeller and gas boat only holds two
people though and Jason is super
dangerous in water he might be faster
than the boat but you you you don't see
Jason it's just like he can pop up
anywhere in the water once you're in the
water
are you rowing or you motor boating it's
a motor boat you have to fix the motor
boat and then you could take the boat
out so call the cops take the boat out
or take a car out or kill him but that
takes the knowledge of how to do it and
a ridiculous amount of teamwork right oh
there's a bad
yeah for anybody confused you don't
actually see Jason swim he walks and
once he's beneath the water surface you
don't see him but you know where you are
as the player and you can just just like
really fast you see this little red blur
above the water that represents where
you are and that just that zips around
yeah yeah oh them the red are on the
bottom that's your stamina never neglect
that don't spend too much time sprinting
if you click down the right stick that's
sprint or lipstick not right left
how do you beat Jason okay you have to
knock his mask off which he Jason needs
to take a significant amount of damage
so his mass needs to be knocked off then
you have to use the radio so that Tommy
Jarvis shows up what Tommy Jarvis had
character from some of the movies he was
never especially interesting but I guess
he's the thing so he shows up a player
who either died or escaped places Tommy
Jarvis has to pick up the mask and a
machete then outside of this female
counselor needs to find Jason's Shack
put out his mother's sweater then
confront Jason and then once Jason is
stunned after seeing the sweater Tommy
Jarvis with the mask and the machete has
to kill Jason but it can happen it can
happen
so you cannot kill Jason if you do that
complicated Tommy Jarvis what's your
thing you do kill Jason but if you just
the normal player if you hit him enough
with the ax no the best that's gonna do
is eventually it will knock his mask off
but it will not kill him those who said
you can use Tommy Jarvis is just another
life to help out with an escape
condition yes if I can find the
walkie-talkie the radio the walkie
talkie just lets other players
communicate with other players over
distance sure and you need a mic for
that to even matter well I guess you
could hear them if they have mics Jason
wear that red thing on the radar he's
heading toward you fucking knows where
you are he's got Jason senses oh that's
right fuck somebody's Oh somebody's all
gung-ho about Twin Peaks I don't watch
it Karen hasn't watched it jack hasn't
watched it but I do want to see the new
Roseanne oh shit
was it you throw up some knives
Oh a quick down right stick for combat
stance might make it easier for the
knock them down click down right stick
the force of your blow on Jason cause
you to break your arms which is enough
damage to kill you know I pulled that
out of my ass the first time I saw ever
seen somebody hit somebody else with an
axe and the person who's swinging the
axe dies right god damn it I think I
lasted a lot longer in the game that I
wouldn't realize yeah I think that's
pretty good so you give me that you can
either spectate other players or you can
just quit out and find another match I
will see what L see what they're doing
we'll get some we'll get some mad strats
if you wait it out you you get more
level up points more experience points
it's like 500 it's a decent chunk sure
is this the only player left apparently
Oh someone's in there
yep this is the only player left
how long is rich from playing this most
of the stream I first week we grabbed
some Lego games but I thought Karen my
leg she got bored after five minutes
all those Lego games I think I think
we've learned a valuable lesson about
streaming with Karen was that that she's
always get a good board with whatever it
is for five minutes it's very true it
takes it takes a special takes a special
sort to power through the board you just
talk to people so they you know look
they're heck with it
Friday the 13th is new and people want
to see you don't want to see this dead
body I know I've seen more you can take
off in any time you got a car I know I
figured you'd want to go to bed early so
you know your job so used to it you can
take off now
this tummy as well does Tommy Jarvis
spawn with a shotgun oh why does Tommy
Jarvis bomb with a shotgun
if Jason Jason can only be killed with a
machete to make killing Jason a little
bit harder for no good reason they said
you should keep rubbing my arm sleeve
they meant the other way around
let's just play the game with the
bookworm that makes words you guys well
not you not all of you but some of you
cheat when we do that it robs the fun
out of it when you know that you know
we're playing we're taking suggestions
from the chat and there's a really
really good chance any good word
somebody just used an anagram scrambler
to find and I especially feel bad if
somebody's got a good word and somebody
else has a great word but the great word
is cheating and the other person we're
not gonna use their words yeah yeah I
know did a really good word that they
came up with on their own
this is some mad strats here
oh I'm sure some of you definitely had
perfectly religious somebody somebody
flat out really tell what that game
somebody flat-out
confessed like a stream later yeah
flat-out confess terrible I knew it was
gonna happen but I'm saying these good
words I'm not gonna accuse people of
cheating midstream you know any proof
look she's in a Michael Bay movie oh
that's interesting the funny thing about
Jason is that every parody of him always
says in wielding a chainsaw he's never
used a chainsaw
in the movies yeah you know if they're
crossing their wires with the Texas
Chainsaw Massacre both of those a hockey
mask and the chainsaw like together they
define your low-budget slasher flavor
people didn't use a chainsaw against him
and he
a weed whacker a weed whacker okay
where's Jason I know you know get to
spectate him a weed whackers just have
like those plastic things that like give
you nasty welts if they hit your leg can
you even really do damage there is the
usual kind II he can't find her she
probably has perks that keep her hidden
from his census ye and she just
standings - oh no she's moving she's
gone that means that means we got ten
minutes of this shit fine we'll talk
about shit you know what television
program I've been watching and really
enjoying yeah
the Netflix original master of none have
you seen them
nope I want you to watch the just one
episode oh I think I've heard of this
what's this about it's it's worth his
ease I'm sorry I don't know names did
you ever watch the old sketch comedy
show human giant No did you watch Parks
and Recreation I'm not my I'm familiar
with it though he he is the Indian man
from Parks and Rec okay NNE so it's a
show that he stars in and writes and
directs some episodes and it's just
basically about a dude living in New
York who's kind of aloof and doesn't
have a direction and it's it's a comedy
program and it is quite wonderful it's
very it's a well it's a very earnest
show like the way that they handle
situations it's very it's clever and
honest and Eric Wareheim is in it from
the Tim and Eric show is very good I
finished season one today and I'm really
enjoying it okay I also have a special
connection with Aziz Ansari yeah did you
ever play the game celebrity no
celebrity is by far my favorite party
game the way celebrity works is everyone
who is playing celebrity writes down ten
celebrity names so you know the three of
us are playing we each write down ten
celebrity names put them on a little
slip of paper put those papers in a bowl
right yeah and then we have teams and
you have to pick up a piece of paper and
the rule of celebrity is the only the
only words you can't say are that
person's name you can say
anything else get your team to guess
that celebrity's name okay
and it's one of my favorite party games
and there's three different rounds using
the same thing that was Arnold
Schwarzenegger you could be like he was
he was turning commando kindergarten
kindergarten cop bodybuilder cut yeah
Aaron fussing hey that's the point
look if you don't know who it was what
if you don't know who it was then then
you don't get any points and your team
fails for that round until someone else
can go so they but it's a it's a really
fun party game because you know like
it's it's something easy for everyone
right I was playing one year with my
cousin and my aunt and a bunch of people
and the one rule of celebrity is you
can't save the celebrity name yeah and
so my aunt gets Aziz Ansari she doesn't
know who that name is his name is
spelled kind of weird you yeah I don't
know how to pronounce it
and so she she just starts going well it
is what it is I'm sorry
and we're like what and she's like it is
what it is I'm sorry it is what it is
I'm sorry and we're just like what's
that pitch and that like eventually we
figure out that she was just trying to
say the name in a different way like
that's that's the one rule of celebrity
is you can't say the name fucking bitch
I know it's great but right it's a very
clever Qi but now like it that was that
was maybe like five years ago at this
point and to this day anytime anyone
ever says it is what it is all I can
think of yeah right yeah I'm sorry it is
what it is I'm sorry it is what it is
I'm sorry but uh but it's it's a really
clever show and it's you know what's the
the great thing about master of none is
it's it's one of those 28 minutes
Netflix shows a lot of hours yeah short
short little show clever and funny pop a
handful in your mouth like skittles like
skittles right oh the end it's dangerous
can write because it just watch one
but short season so we were talking
about the the Roseann revival yeah
earlier I was wondering you suppose
suppose they're gonna make Darlene a
lesbian and Sara Gilbert the brown the
brown the brown the brown haired one
curly brown who is a lesbian in real
life okay but her character I don't
think was a lesbian on the Big Bang no
it was on the show right in the show yes
yes yeah I think they got may have
gotten married on the show - oh did that
I'm not an episode sure about that
doesn't mean anything she's fairly
famous for having come out yeah are they
going to make Darlene a lesbian because
of that and if you're Sara Gilbert are
you flattered or kind of insulted
because you're an actress and you your
job as being other people another saying
this is how they see you this is what I
am now this is well you're the lesbian
nice somebody said rumor has it she
would still be a lesbian now was the
Roseanne sister which she was her
character a lesbian because she was
absolutely there retconning that last
season didn't she come out in the last
season I don't know I didn't see the
last season that's you know yeah this is
the shark jump was the last season you
know and the sister came somewhere in
the later seasons my guess is I would
assume that they will have Darlene's
character be whatever she was on the
show unless like she divorced and like
that's just the character twists or the
character arc if she decided she was by
later there's that thing I don't know I
can't imagine that they would say like
no no offense to the actress but she's
not that famous yeah like she's not
Ellen DeGeneres right gay famous yes
she's a famous it's just a little bit
gay baby and that gay famous enough that
every straight person knows whether it
is good exactly i I didn't know that she
was she was a lesbian hadn't really
given her any thoughts and she left fro
saying one way or the other she just you
know and it was like she's a lesbian I'm
like oh okay that's not necessarily a
defining characteristic of her I just I
just just
the thought at the thought of sparking
my head sure if I were the de gay actor
and I came out and then suddenly the
writers want to make my character de is
that insulting or not what does she want
she may want that right you may not sure
on that I'm sure they might have
consulted with her but my guess is
because right I know that was a big
thing for Modern Family is the the gay
couple on Modern Family one of them is a
gay actor and one of them is a straight
actor playing gay and so like they had a
long talk with the two actors about like
just being comfortable working together
and not doing gay face you know sorry
and the character like Roseanne the
Roseanne character was when the show
ended I mean she was probably supposed
to be like 19 or something which is an
age where it wouldn't be totally
shocking of somebody you know still
deciding for themselves what their
identity that was my god right out of
the gate jag that sucks
Neil Patrick Harris who's fine go to the
head towards the other survivors there's
safety in numbers who the white the
white circles in your map or survivor oh
I think all the characters he played
he's played of them straight since since
his revival yes since his since his
revival like with the Harold and Kumar
movies yes he's played he's oh shit I
mean like he's a woman that womanizing
character on the TV show Neil Patrick
Harris and well don't you Houser it was
a kid then yeah that was before oh he
doesn't want me on him mine they said
did he did he play a game no Patrick
Harris in the second or third Harold and
Kumar I don't know I've never seen the
second or third
I will say that Count Olaf is pretty
campy but that's the character - I mean
I've read the books oh yeah and I
haven't seen him yeah oh they're fine
yeah yeah oh he would be a great counter
off he is a great kind of love well in
the a played a straight dude in and dr.
horrible like it's fine it's all fine
it's all fine it's just you know so I
like oh hey keys are those keys no those
no no those are the kind of keys you
need this fucking decoration it's
annoying
oh hello I get I guess like the moral
the story is as far as Sara Gilbert is
concerned
hold the dumb Pope I'll have you hit
select you've got a map or back or
whatever doesn't the Xbox controller
know like Sara Gilbert is an actress
right and what is that I don't know what
that oh is that a fuse I've never been
able to do that you could fix the fuse
box which if you find the phone after
you fix the I guess it's a phone box not
a fuse box you can call the cops
it's an a bear trap yeah once the cop
comes it takes it like five minutes to
get there sure you can leave just by
walking out the exit by walking out the
where the cops are okay well and I know
where the fuse box off these bikes yeah
fix that fucking fuse you got a plan I
can't go out that window I'm trying to
be I'm trying to be stealthy had I
wanted to hear me have you ever seen a
summer camp where they weren't like 75
beds in the same room no oh no no that's
the car that other building that I was
in near oh you know what it's kind of
smoking huh I was near another building
it was this way Jack's got a fuse box
Jason never sleeps at night
sure it wasn't one of them the gas can
which could also there is there it is
you got Jason you're alright he's
looking for someone else get it hold it
down and you're gonna have to do right
bumper left bumper what he's gonna he's
coming your way
get out of there getting better run run
run run run run runaway window well now
don't you think you have to do I'm
hoping he gives up on me
is it behind you yep I see threw a knife
at me fuck hide by the tree right
he knows I want that fuse box
am I the only one left the white arrows
it's Jack trigger Joyce Jason swish and
Jason was here by me - and my misery he
dies does the fuse respond somewhere
it'll be on your corpse and somebody
else if they get to your corpse can grab
it
well Lisa work that way with car keys I
may be Brahman marques that way once
well I actually heading toward someone
else go to the fuse boxes yeah I'm going
I'm but I'm still sneaking I know at
this point he's focuses elsewhere go to
that fuse box
who knows how long he's gonna be
distracted sure what is that
don't worry about it
you keep an eye out of the map
okay with a keyboard okay oh wait you
don't have you don't have a
walkie-talkie it's a moot point note I
made the actual keyboard okay so now
what we need to find a phone and if you
find a phone you can call the cops
I even never found a phone jack okay
it'll be on the wall
I think it's like aqua blue no I'm sorry
judge frowny face
I saw someone use it as a spectator once
it was aqua blue and on the wall unless
use a walkie-talkie
grab it Karen Henry the actual keyboard
I'm working on the fuse box is fixed if
somebody can find the phone that's the
phone we got the phone never mind
cops cops you have to stay alive for
five fucking minutes and make it to that
exit Jericho they can see they can see
that came up on everybody's Candyman -
Williams yeah I've heard that looks like
there's only oh there's two survivors
Annie so first one for Spanish - for
English thank you for calling the
Crystal Lake Police Department our hours
are staying in a building Friday's isn't
necessarily the best idea right cuz the
building goes red bright red
but you want to say near buildings you
can go in and out of window Crystal Lake
Police Department or zoo if you know
your party's extension one of the other
buildings I said a bear trap end is near
by jack
the music's all of our associates are
busy at this time this is this is
potentially stay on the line if you
would like to leave a callback number
right you have the map so when the
police show up psycho killers up on the
mast I find out where the icon for the
police are you want to make it there
okay so we yeah be careful see that car
over there you don't worry about it none
of the building by that car I said a
bear trap or touch-tone that pier car is
gonna be a jason magnet I know when I
play as Jason
but what I'm hoping is he'll come into
the building that's gonna be like a it's
gonna be like a 10 no it's gonna be like
a six second delay it's not gonna do
much Rizzy so what's going on so I'm
just trying to help jack no no no we
were we were we were just the chant and
I were just imagining that he check
calls to Crystal Lake Police Department
and he gets a phone tree thank you for
calling there Crystal Lake Police
Department this call may be monitored
for quality assurance if you know your
party's extension already if this is an
emergency please hang up and call
one that was the music just fucking with
me it could have been I know for sure it
plays when he's near you are being
murdered press 1 for decapitation press
2 if you are being drowned pray for
Jason Voorhees we can't do anything
about that shit hey you're so L for
Freddy Krueger press 4 and a earpiece
piercing shriek will help keep you away
please stay on the line while we play
seventies elevator music do you have all
right search some homes I have a weapon
you a pocketknife would be ideal right
now yeah here's what's gonna happen okay
once the police arrive yeah Jason's
gonna be camping okay he's gonna be
camping by that that police exit sure if
you have a pocketknife what he grabs you
you could just hit a stabbed him and
make it to the exit safely okay yeah if
you were being bashed around in the
sleeping bag stay on the line for 10
start playing Roberta Flack killing me
softly with his song it's late in my
wrist with his razor good yeah yeah you
can grab it it's a health which don't
really need right now did did they play
Dueling Banjos there's another drug for
an hour or did they play or to Dueling
Banjos for an hour while you're on hold
because it's you know as much as we like
doing banjos I'm not sure an hour's
worth of it is it's Jordan my doctor
ordered tonight really I like the Fugees
version except for that one time one
time all that just weird talking over it
should at the beginning got kind of
annoying
alright it's up to you if you want to
brave the police you might have a hard
time finding a pocket knife mm-hmm right
Oh God you are so fucking far away where
am I good oh my god I need to make it to
the pool yeah
laying my flaying
my ribs with his razor breaking my back
with his arm and I don't have the
stamina to run although that's like a
nice oh yeah now our Dueling Banjos why
your excruciating well you know what I
think some people got away
yeah killing me harshly with these
swords
run-run right jack oh god at that pace
you're just never gonna do it
there's safe numbers there's a survivor
over 50 ways to leave your killer you
just hop on the bus goes make a new plan
Stan
I was chasing you don't mom left love lb
by the way Jack yeah we'll look behind
you
do I like watching I know I like her
like early hits you're gonna stand them
up step it up you're fucked you're
fucked old schoolchild obligatory so
close to your welcome everyone for
saving you with the police
Jack the murder if I would have known
like I should have checked the map
earlier to see where they well it's it
could be I think it could be like a
couple different places
oh wait who's oh you get to place him
somebody use the radio let's go where
dies okay so you can still get out no
you don't it's too late so now what do i
do really long day you just plays this
guy somebody it's a thing somebody used
the radio okay think of it like a second
chance Jack great you know he does look
like Doctor Who
shit I still have a long way to go done
again there's many Doctor Who's there
been most people look like Doctor Who he
looks like Matt's neck
oh oh oh shit yeah Freddie's chasing
those people shit stuck on a rock he's
just like hopper from stranger things do
I go do I go help my friend or do I just
get out you get out it's up to you if
you want to help your friend no fucking
oh yeah it was kind of my point to bear
is Kirk I mean there's been like 15 of
them or something at that point they've
covered most of the ways white male guys
can look doctor who sing check stop like
completely stop your stamina where he
feels really quick when you stop there's
no Doctor Who that looks like rich
though hey remember that that show it
was at UHF or whatever with the kids
parents were trapped inside the TV show
yeah have you ever made a video game of
that
up
stay tuned it might be stay tuned oh
yeah with John Ritter yeah yeah I think
you're right but anyway I'm just
wondering what a video game of that
would look like because like every time
they jump channels they're in different
bodies and stuff
shoot him shoot him shotgun across the
bridge would I out of one yep all right
first of all I only get one shot with
the shotgun I get one fucking shot
Jack are you like from the country don't
I got you people supposed to know -
she's got one bullet bullet start you
out with a cap pistol and like a cap to
tip over one bullet rich one bullet that
was my last those a fun adventure yeah I
feel good about that round I feel like I
did well I'm learning the game yeah yeah
you know what I could see this being
oh yeah that person okay and they talk
about our microphone sounding weird the
shotgun gets one never know that thing
oh I'll tell them one shotgun born with
no bleach just a game which virus works
it works good German game you like to
play I want I want the game which works
oh I wish the game actually works feel
sorry because one is a dummy light is
kaput
you know I wish they would go to other
people's close-up reaction of him
instead of just that one guy I loved his
face he has a weird face but oh you're
the hipster oh my god
invert how do i oh god setting d input
settings invert and then X to apply
secret offers a lot see like a house a
to confirm they go sorry I play inverted
you do not yeah cuz I took it in high
school you can speak German because you
took a nice home I know a little bit I
just said the potatoes Oh dere cut off
is a lot I'm sorry I made the cut off is
a lot to do the wrong gender doesn't
have that it makes it hard to remember
we need to find the fuse there's the
fuse box oh you got the fuse no use
boxes in yeah I play inverted I rich
used to play inverted controller because
uh mmm oh I've slightly easier yes what
I converted yeah like I don't because I
don't see very meadows and I don't have
to change the default for everything
anymore like on a mouse I don't play
inverted just on a controller cuz the
stick you know like the stick makes
sense as far as looking for me but when
I'm playing a mouse I don't blame her
hello friend you bring trouble my way
yep
that's the bathroom
so there's somebody in here named Zephyr
kills are you from Zephyrhills what
what's that the hills it's a city in
Florida nope no my relatives is living
down there for a while like my
grandmother but I never better so just
kind of wait from the door
was that been breaking down the door yep
Oh what you do
trying to play mind game with you rich
but he can only come through the door
yeah yeah I want to know if the
consensus would you recommend this game
or not it's fine that's cute
it seems cute it's probably get it on
sale well here's here's the here's the
situation the parents went away a week
vacation and they left the keys to the
brand new force where they mine food
well of course not so so here's the
situation with as with any multiplayer
game it will only be as good oh yeah oh
you're the partner they say Jason can
can melt steel beams Jason was involved
in the moon landing is that true
Andy shot Jay okay he was involved in
the moon landing that wasn't actually on
the moon it was an Arizona or something
right he's on the grassy knoll okay so
wait for reals recommendation
multiplayer game will only be as good as
the community that plays it and so the
question you need to ask yourself is
will there be enough people playing this
game to still make it good and I don't
think the answer is really just give me
a dick well can you select who you're
going to play with like if you happen to
have a group of buddies who like games
could you just play it for that guy play
game with them either in the same room
or over the Internet can you look up
specific people you might probably can't
them play in the same room and wait
private match huh private match yeah so
if you wanted to just play with friends
then yes but most people are probably
here looking for the quick play you know
just like the hot bond with a bunch of
people who also want to hop up in a play
quitter he was fucking with me I'm not
gonna stand around while he's just
dicking around standing there it was
kind of neat that you can play with
people from all over the place I mean
that one guy definitely sounded German
fucking kill me or don't he could have
been here but there's a good chance also
that he was playing in Germany where
there might be a larger contingent of
people playing in English yes and then
so the the other widely spoken second
language the other important thing for a
multiplayer game is finding people
at your level right yeah and if there
aren't enough people playing or there's
a small dedicated community who are who
have already mastered everything and our
way above your level you're never gonna
be able to enter right yeah so will
there be enough and this was a $60 game
Richard something like that yeah or the
change the fuck I don't remember this
work expense it was right right
amazing 999 ping I got the best ping in
here exactly
still heard too many complain it does
say Dobby all right but he's got to look
strong so yeah I for for read this seems
like a really fun one night worth of
play yeah one or two but I can't imagine
it will have the community needed
I know that was one of them if you guys
wanted to be noclip documentary of
rocket league the one of the developers
of rocket league was was almost
bemoaning the fact that they gave the
game away for free and for PlayStation
Plus members yeah and he's like what we
know a lot of copies were sold to
PlayStation Plus members we could have
made a lot of money but what he doesn't
realize or maybe he does realize and is
weighing the pros and cons is they now
have a built-in forever community
because that game was free for a while
they have a huge user base which for an
online multiplayer game is the only
thing that matters nice we've been
killing it fun - that map yeah better
things to find now so oh sorry you know
what and a game tries it a little louder
than me every once in a while because
I'm I'm foolishly looking at Karen and
rich when I talk in my microphone then
is not directly in front of my mouth i
some sometimes I forget I forget that I
don't need to be polite to the people
next to me because my face needs to be
into the microphone buzzy I can go like
this and now I'm contorting my body to
both have my face in front of the
microphone pretend you're talking to us
on the phone exactly then I'd be pacing
I guys phone Pacers I pace when I talk
on the phone yeah I cannot stand still I
usually I usually have like the sound
off and I'm playing like like TriPeaks
solitaire or something
something that's mindless what he didn't
have you sent the swing but they didn't
swing it's gonna knock them down to help
that guy out of course that's what
altruism gets you rich yeah here's your
dead body rich
it sure is dead all right I'm not like
the first one out I'm not waiting around
for this water match I hurt myself today
oh man

[Part III]
Thermage I hurt myself today
oh man oh man I love that album that
word spiral yeah that was a great album
it has anice strategy richard has a new
ground look that strategy would have
worked had the bat actually swung all of
you helped your friend yeah yeah I was
listening to like a gravity kills album
on wake up
you know Amazon Prime or guilty and
that's that was the big song yeah I was
listening when I thought you know what
the only thing that made this anything
was like the distorted industrial
sounding sound effects otherwise this is
like this is like bad country music not
words hey hey I'm guilty yeah and oh and
you're guilty too you know it seems seem
cool 20 years ago but it is just not
aged well I I don't know like there was
a period like right after eighth grade
when the downward spiral and further
down the spiral came out that I that I
went through my exactly two-month long
goth phase I would listen to those two
albums and nothing else and I loved him
I have not listened to them since I
don't know how they get downward spiral
and pretty hate machine oh fuck yeah a
little smack my bitch up
who was they who did smack my bitch up
do you remember that song I don't know
somebody's mentioning Marilyn Manson
Marilyn Manson was huge although
physically or their music either
although he was never a pretty boy but
uh
although the beautiful people is still
pretty so pretty catchy when a couple of
major league players having us there
like walk up music Jim Thome that
remains pretty catchy you know yeah I'll
stand by the beautiful people the
prodigy oh man I'm actually oh thank you
or filter I thought about them in a
while
Shortbus amen that's why I say man nice
shot oh look we're good shot yeah thank
bass fire start here we haven't had a
different Jason we've only had the same
Jason so it's exciting to me oh look
here the jacket great no bag head Jason
oh corn of course do you remember do you
remember the corn song that like the
nursery rhyme trying to think what
nursery rhyme that is that was right
there was like a mary had a little lamb
part to it that song was awesome Jason
already by me I just I haven't heard it
a while I'm not sure if it would still
be on I didn't even have time to footage
of it staring corn was of its time
Candlebox were of their time we can't
lecture like a two-hit wonder if me far
behind me yeah yeah yeah babe feed to
teach you bad yad like adjacent seeking
missile Haley
we are all Colonels in the corn army
come on
well the 90s were good for about two
years
I remember disturbed an sr-71 and a
bunch of different crazy one-hit wonders
I was listening to some 90s playlist on
Amazon they had that one that's standing
outside a broken phone booth with a
quarter in my hand
yeah hasn't thought about that one in a
million they downhearted oh that was
Tom's diner that was is that that's the
same oh no that oh you're through
turning through the horoscopes and so
they did a great version of that song
that had like it was an I Dream of
Jeannie parody that one that's a great
one that was a great one they're the
only song that everyone tomorrow would
come up on my my playlist that I love on
ironically is um who sucked out the
feeling I don't know maybe who sucks out
the feeling is a great song only because
that was Suzanne Vega Suzanne Steiner
yeah who sucked out the feeling Alton
looked at it look that up like super
drag was that their names
maybe that names familiar drag you know
like hitching a ride 45 minutes or life
is a dream played out like a machine who
sucked out that one it's not good sounds
like blink 182 or something it's Oh
it was it was like that versatile like
when garage met alternative rock and no
one was really a good singer but that
was all right there was like a like a
like a like a bad southern callous
California surf punk revival vein going
on for a little while there too which
one are you talking what he's on for I
don't practice thing too real
Oh everything when I and what was that
one group that all their side
what's a group rich that you don't like
this all their song shall delight but I
like the one favor clear might be ever
clear you have that that is a band whose
every sound a song sounds like the
toady's oh yeah possibly kingdom yeah
that one was definitely and then just
see what about were the the one about
killing yourself or whatever the bucket
oh it's like was your trap Possum
Kingdom then they have a song about like
some woman kill yourself or something
putting there's a pop song pasta that
was Possum Kingdom right was about
vampires that was supposed to be right
kind of kind of like the the 90s version
of don't fear the reaper or something
vehicle creed park yeah pretty much
I'm realizing now I know nothing about
music says dashing dapper dandy dancer
no no this is just like this is
literally like two old people talking
about oldies at this point like yeah
these music as all these others and that
ageless timeless we're specifically
talking about the stuff that is not aged
well that everyone has forgotten about
just something we're Barris that we like
right this is stuff that will be
considered like dad rock once my kids
older I'm like hey kids let's listen to
Tony's yeah dad we don't want to listen
to your oldies oh oh oh dickhead just
throws a knife at you through the window
oh my God look at your face
no I never liked presents United States
of America that that hold peaches saw I
just wanted to throw it out already shut
the front door that hole oh it is
beautiful and perfect that whole kind of
boy voice is now guy the boy who kind of
my voices had great albums but their
production was awful of their singer was
awful and they just and their songs were
all like a good idea that they for like
45 seconds and they never went anywhere
it was like you always listened to that
and thought that sounds like it could be
really good if you triggered a trap
Blind Melon they had unlikes couple
their songs I like change and of course
the b-girl thing skinless spin-doctors
oh lordy that's good enough that's going
way back spin-doctors is like late 80s I
think that's really dies the guy that
looked like they like Alexei lands laws
or whatever the heck traffic there was a
guy in the US soccer team and the spin
doctors like twins tool a tool of aged
okay I think collective soul and
butthole surfers went back into whatever
caves they came out of crash-test
dummies were definitely quintessential
one-hit wonders mmm
there was this girl love that parents
made her come directly home right after
Alison Shane's had a bunch of songs that
well dated and terrible pavement were
like beyond hipster I'm about done okay
you want to give it one more try I'll
give her one more go and an ugly kid
Joe's version of cats in the cradle
those are
like ugly kids yeah one didn't wonder
was that I hate everything about you it
might have been I think he's the one had
that the cover of Harry Chapin yeah
cat's in the cradle and he also had a he
also had the like this the worst song
ever created which is I hate everything
about let's see thinking out bed
religion I love TV party at all those
vintage TV shows Dallas that's
incredible
Monday Night Football so were they going
should be some buoys they go through
soulless I was in there my witnessing
kid my escape video yeah Chris Cornell
died you didn't know sorry it's like a
week ago
oh I love this person suicide right
favorite character in Douglas Adams they
said they liked the ship hung in the air
and much the way that bricks don't yeah
that's a great line and thanks and don't
forget our towel it is but let's see a
favorite line no favorite carrot Carrie
just got to be Marvin for you oh I know
you what's Marvin I do like that line
you know God's final messages to create
to his creation we regret the
inconvenience mm-hmm
I've always been fond of a bit about
bricks hug into the air and precisely
which don't is there anyone else who
lives the same way is there anyone else
alive no just this video oh we got the
sleeping bag death if you can find her
and while bagger the infant prolonged it
wanted to insult and help everybody
individually personally in an
alphabetical order something along those
lines
rich Karen and Jack readings from
Toronto a long time are LM fan first
time subscriber to prereq can't catch up
on every past dream but really enjoying
Sierra text parsers yeah got it you know
what it might be it might be time for
Space Quest too soon sure sure soon I
know ever
getting a lot of messages people love oh
no no no no don't bring up a lot of snow
got one hand in my pocket I don't know
what was more annoying that song or the
one the one the ironic song were nothing
and it was ironic like rain on your
wedding day is only ironic if you have
it in Death Valley because you wanted to
not rain no well so that the the the
problem with ironic is it made everyone
confused as to the definition of ironic
I think they were already confused by
health
so like ironic just means something
that's funny no no yes no it's a
juxtaposition that's well it's comical
no yeah but it has to be a juxtaposition
it's not anything that's funny if I go
over there and hit you with a rubber
hammer it's not ironic right it's it's
but it is a juxtaposition for comedy
sake
no yes no no no I'm pretty sure no you
are completely wrong
you are the out of all of the things
where does not mean what I bet you have
said and all of the time I have know you
yeah that is by far the most wrong thing
that you have ever said I say out wait
first of all I say a lot of wrong things
we are going to look up the word I ready
for Jack let's let's do this define
irony the expression of one's meaning by
using language that normally signifies
the opposite taking the typic typically
for humorous or emphatic effect the
state of affairs are an event that seems
deliberately contrary to what one
expects and is often amusing as a result
a literary technique originally used
employed in Greek tragedy I wish the
full significance of a character's words
or actions are clear to the audience a
reader
although unknown to the character does
that mean being super right
no no typically does not mean 100% of
the time what was the firt what was the
first definition of that well you're
putting the emphasis on the humor but
the emphasis is on the IDI whoa just I'm
saying read again I closed it son of a
bitch it's a juxtaposition with humorous
consequences right nope that's literally
what a juxtaposition
that is frequently humorous but not
always you said always you said that you
emphasize the comedy as being the males
that happen would be funny to be ironic
something could be ironic and be tragic
awful happening the opposite way to what
is expected and typically causing
amusement because of this bait I guess
why a management oftenly
I guess basically what I'm saying rich
is you characterized me as being the
most wrong ever oh my and this
definition has been like 80% right so I
guess what I'm saying is you're an idiot
and I'm super smart you keep telling
yourself that Jack this is me this is me
being right jack somebody said somebody
said Jack work on your Venn diagrams
this is me totally being right
juxtaposition in a comedic fashion
happening in the opposite way of what is
expected and typically causing amusement
because of this maybe like 70 I I'm
taking I'm taking umbrage with riches
this is the most wrong Jack has ever bit
line which I take of irony when a tiny
dog is named giant if a police officer
gets a ticket for driving too fast a
pilot with a fear of heights that's
funny
I'm saying for a time I need you to
officially retract this is I'm not gonna
do that
oh because I am right we will let the
court of public opinion judge this I am
often wrong here is and and when I am
wrong I will I will happily say you know
what you got me I was totally wrong
about that but this is one case where I
gave a definition that was super close
to the real life and see Lucas says it
makes so much sense that Jack doesn't
understand irony farm and such thanks
for the stream Jack I'm giving you money
because I hate you of course have a
great night Justin find this person so
he could kill them
yeah it's the unexpected thing that
makes it irony but but irony doesn't
have to be humorous the definition says
often humorous okay he's looking he went
in the house he's looking he doesn't
know where they are
she has some kind of perk that makes her
hard to find and she's just gonna wait
it out just justly know what I like and
normally I'd say okay fuck it we'll find
another game but if there's a
possibility of a sleeping bag death jack
pumpkin is slamming their head into
their desk because of you how do you
feel about that because of me I
understand how you feel because I'm so
correct bigger blue is slapping his dick
in the Jackson dice literally was
invented in Greek tragedies I am being
that's the origin of the word from
tragedies do I need to reread the
definition maybe because I was totally
right we didn't get to see it because
you had the camera not on the spectator
mode I was looking for Jason it didn't
look like they died in a sleeping bag
though
because I was too busy defending my
honor I fucking I fucking hope it was
worth it
that we didn't get to see the sleeping
bag death what wasn't worth it me being
here you're being an asshole me being
right you're being an asshole and smart
about it maybe you're right apparently
there's a pole in your 83 no this is
ironic you're welcome
George Carlin's definition of irony
god I love Carlin what do you say I
don't know but I'm gonna go look it up
because Carlin is brilliant
will I be breaking any any role if I
read it Carlin quote about irony you
can't like have the audio play but if
you want to read it that's fine I hope
you get to plays Joseph I'd be a fine
way to end this that would be a fine way
to end a stream that would be fun that
would be fun
Carolyn says I'm tired of television
announcers host newscasters and
commentators nibbling away at the
English language making obvious and
ignorant mistakes blah blah blah
irony deals with opposites it has
nothing to do with coincidence if two
baseball players from the same hometown
and different teams received the same
new uniform number it's not ironic it's
a coincidence if Barry Bonds attains
lifetime statistics identical to his
father's it would not be ironic it would
be a coincidence
irony is a state of affairs that is the
reverse of what is to be expected a
result opposite to and in mockery of the
appropriate result for instance if a
diabetic on his way to buy insulin is
killed by a runaway truck he is the
victim of an accident if the truck was
delivering sugar he's the victim of an
oddly poetic coincidence but if the
truck was delivering insulin ah then he
is the victim of an irony if occurred
after surviving bloody battle with you
just nodded yes because that would be
fun we're talking about a diabetic who
got run over by a truck carrying insulin
yes this is I'm not going to apologize
for laughing at that situation that you
are laughing at the situation you're
laughing at a dead diabetic who got
killed by I mean talked about killed in
a humorous and ironic way yes if a Kurd
after surviving bloody battle with
Saddam Hussein's army and a long
difficult escape through the mountains
is crushed and killed by a parachute
drop of humanitarian aid that my friend
is irony writ large are you guys saying
that this stuff isn't funny because I'm
saying that yes yes Darryl Stingley the
pro football player was paralyzed after
a brutal hit by Jack Tatum now Darryl
Stingley say no leader at all and if the
Sun should become paralyzed while
playing it will not be ironic it would
be coincidental if Darryl Stingley son
paralyzes someone else it's closer to
ironic if he paralyzes Jack Tatum's son
that will be precisely ironic
you-you-you buy your wife a handgun so
she can protect herself and somebody
steals the handgun and shoots her with
it that is ironic and that is in no way
funny
it's think think more along the lines of
the Gift of the Magi
ever oh the oh Henry story sure okay
more along those that's a fine example
okay so we have some we got we got some
some some infos comments here let me
find the bottom here we mister I think
we read this one already but thanks for
the immensely entertaining time guys
stream better they've got battery to the
car cool very cool thank you uh even
though you're a jerk
take that battery to the car that blue
icon on the map oh because I'm right
okay yeah it just seems to me like
you're nitpicking my incredibly being my
being mostly current hello rich Jack and
Karen I'm the one says Chuck Fox I'm the
one who cheated at bookworm adventures
I've taken up self-flagellation and hope
this will work toward healing our
shattered friendship please ban me again
but oh well okay I got the battery any
gas of keys okay
hey prereqs is oxy Baxter very happy I
finally made it to a stream with Karen
hi Karen thanks for hanging out hi jack
you're my good friend Richard Karen and
nemesis our final frontier which is
worse final final frontier I agree what
have we learned today rich when we tried
to help another councillor escape a
monstrous undead killing machine we let
you loose but when you selfishly drive
off and leave out there's a certain
death you win
yes that's life life isn't pretty
we were find gas usually does it in
cabins or is it like around back and
I've never I haven't seen it outside but
theoretically yeah I know there's
anything preventing it I've never seen
one outside if I mentioned lately how
much I miss Carolyn
Dark Crystal is getting a Netflix series
that's true
so what I it was never a big favorite of
mine now if they did a specfic series of
The Princess Bride that might be hmm I
could get behind lad hi you know it
would be tough for me it'll be tough for
me not having Carrie Ellie's do tell oh
I mean not having having Andre the Giant
yeah not having any of it baseball bats
now in Fred Savage hit puberty a good
long time ago
winch water
why have a favorite song rich sings with
this melodic voice I like singing songs
with rich we like singing this is the
tribe the portal song and the gambler on
a warm summer's evening on a train bound
from nowhere
I met up with a gambler boat to tired
sleep so we took turns staring out the
window at the darkness boredom overtook
us and he began to speak he said son I
have made my life
people's faces knowing what the cards
were by the way the hell their eyes so
you don't mind saying hastily whiskey
I'll give you some advice I handed down
my low then he bummed a cigarette and
asked me for well and his late night got
deathly quiet night God why hast lost
all expression said if you're gonna play
the game boy know when know when to walk
away no N
you never count your money when you're
sitting at the table there will be time
enough this is gonna get us a copyright
strike I know you two are just being
adorable and I don't like it
my right is all right you know I love it
may not be real gold what they want to
go over the Jason kill oh that sounds
interesting follow this guy okay he
seems to know what he's doing I don't
think singing the song yourself acapella
counts as monetization of anything on
YouTube in charge your name is chart
chart come with me we'll need you to put
on the sweater oh this could be good
they said that wasn't bad guys that was
awful slow down stop a little bit get
your breath
this guy might know what he's doing
you gotta get the mask off it wasn't bad
it was ironic char did not use his
shotgun he got me too fast I can't talk
to him now
oh I made rich listen to what condition
my condition was in this morning just
just so I could show them Oh different
Kenny Rogers sound good
we're gonna follow this guy around you
hope something horrible happens don't
just hope something interesting happens
there's still two female counselors so
they can still go for a get off we want
you to stop laughing because you're
waking up their girlfriend then they
have their head yes like I get it they
can go fuck themselves I'm sorry he says
you can go fuck yourself maybe we could
get like a subtitled version or just
says hahaha
people all have some weird facial palsy
or some right
no window no window
I'm gonna get going so if you want to
move closer to rich so you can be on the
camera uh-huh so he can stroke your
blood looks like a deep fake out a nice
one
well no not a nice one who's on to it
they want to know jack if you introduce
your own kids to nerdy things or get up
and discover them on their own if I will
do what if you introduce your kids to
nerdy things or let them discover them
on their own I don't think they're gonna
need any help right where it's like we
just have nerdy things around the house
yeah so one day and you're one of your
children was wearing glasses and I said
what are those that he he goes don't ask
it's a secret Oh cuz they were just he
got it from the thrift store somebody's
gonna wear him for like Halloween or
no no he just wears them all so I mean
he said the Harry Potter and yeah this
is up like everything like he has a
marker he makes a scar on his forehead
yeah and yeah he's like I need but I
need to be Harry Potter glasses so I
could be Harry Potter and I saw him and
I didn't know I thought he's looking at
a big hernia but I thought it was
possible but he had picked out his own
prescription glasses I didn't notice
didn't have any lights so I'm like oh
nice glasses
you know comic books and big yeah like
Harry Potter but like those are also
those are no sugar nerd things right
those are pop culture things yeah so
I can only assume you know eventually
they'll they'll like have a rebellious
phase where they will wanted like do
cool stuff
nice whatever that means
we get your kids like all the normal
stuff kids are into Pokemon and whatever
oh c'mon and Harry Potter kids like
books and Star Wars a little bit you
know dude they're too young for
rebellion and individuality with large
and the teenage said right there's a
little right so how do I can I spend
points ah yeah they want to know if
there's any mountain dew left Oh what
yeah
oh look you can you can you can upgrade
your stats what get new outfit um
lumberjack and I'm okay a sleep oh I
died all night and asleep both a roll
perk yeah let's see what that is
yeah increase a role for / yeah increase
the top speed of cars while you are in
the driver seat
yeah let's see let's see what perk we
can get this bitty they said these
characters were originally designed for
the Sims 3 weren't they sure look like
all we need to sim
do I like horror movie did you get from
honestly I like really bad cheesy ones
the best but not quite as bad as some of
the stuff discussed that good in car
starting every certain time decreases
that's great so I do oh yeah so then so
now we have oh we just keep everyone
gets to use these persons oh that's good
yeah if interesting faces I mean they're
all different or Allen different looking
people they're not all just like the
same you know the male face the female
face different different hair colors and
stuff yeah he's pretty shitty she's
great
but you can upgrade she's good at the
fixing things you can upgrade I like
that I dig them
cool yo cool what's the plan I'm gonna
get ready to start one more will roll
the Jason chance I would love to end on
a Jason okay well then we'll go down
yeah I'm gonna yeah I'm gonna get I know
you gotta you gotta stay on your
schedule for your work
sure well hold on I mean I think I'm
gonna roll some more perks then come and
get everyone everyone some just in case
I get one of these counselors we're
gonna get up make sure all these people
have something it's been Pleasant all
right
seven dollars and change a month you
better more than one person doing it
what's the spark what's have you sleeper
I don't have him yet do we
this guy yeah yeah yeah well but these
first can be used by anyone oh yeah okay
so while inside a sleeping bag you have
a chance to avoid Jason's sense each
time he uses it okay oh yeah we'll give
that to this guy great oh it's bond
preference I'll go to Jason real and
apply it and confirm okay so that's you
know everybody no place that's right
exactly
I'm sure everyone wants me Jason yeah
I'll give it a shot we'll give it one
more shot
ready
ready B boo boo doo boo so one more run
of this and it's over yes that's the
plan
doo doo de doo I wasn't gonna move
anyway
this takes what about five minutes well
it's gonna might be longer than that
plus we gotta read names all right yeah
I nevermind fuck it I'm out of here I
don't want you to go to bed too late I
know your job thank you I know
all right dr. David YouTuber something
like that about well you haven't had
dinner yet no that's crazy
yeah you guys have a weird schedule well
with rich has a weird schedule I'm fine
with it to me to me it is off I don't
care what you think it's my schedule
there you go that's all that matters
then do I work on Memorial Day I do not
but I work at 4:00 in the morning and
she after she frequently works it like
she usually have to be up at like 2:00
a.m. and it's not a good idea to start
going to bed later and get out of the
habit of going to bed at a reasonable
time hey everybody hi it's me now I'm
here dr. David is streaming right now
well great then we have two streamers
streaming on screen that we're streaming
to how many viewers do you have is every
I got more people watching my stream
than you have watching your stream
probably not probably not probably not
my Karen as I see you
stream fight yeah rich that was kind of
rude oh I said it in such a funny way
hopefully they knew we were joking okay
fortified no guy has 13 ah good friend
maybe you know what me could be super
huge someday yeah it's just starting out
and then well and then what then we'll
say do you remember do you remember what
you remember yeah do you rember when we
had the honor of thing on dr. Destructo
didn't demonstra yep and that guy's
stream we had the honor I'm so kidding I
wish I wish him luck I have nothing
against this man but we have more people
watching streaming right now just saying
I'm just saying
which looks like a dick bragging about
viewers I'm deliberately being an
asshole for humor say sure but you can
see how like it may be if someone didn't
know you maybe would come off as a
little dick
Oh Jason's over there
I mean I'm going this way
okay we can do this we can do this where
you can do this well metal pipe yes I
would rather have a metal pipe actually
if he's on YouTube we can't host him
that's true yep he also doesn't have his
mic muted and sound like he this is his
commentary which is fine it's fine he
heard me doing a solo stream I can't say
shit that's true that's true you don't
talk a lot during solo streams hello
let's call them cops yep oh oh my god
jack this is the the best cabin ever
okay talk to him
hey I we've got car keys and a fuse all
right well fine fuck off
while you stick with them that's the
story going on here jack
we're streamers we have to finish the
story we have we have for our viewers
sure we have to hang with these people
we have to hang with dr. David okay
group with the strengthen numbers
strengthen numbers that's what we've
learned wait I thought that was the
place I could go on it same way it was
did I don't think they heard us before
yeah we searched here we found the fuse
and we got car keys they probably muted
us after I made the joke incompetent
what I was I I went to pick up the bear
trap
Oh check I went to pick up the bear trap
I need some medicine no well you know
there's none in here your best bet is to
stick with these people all right so
when we inevitably die yeah because we
stepped in the bear trap
we have the car keys you could pick them
up off our corpse I don't think they're
hearing you try again
it's fine they didn't hear me they
didn't hear me your face okay you know
what I said let's stick with the story
this is a bad story yeah yeah I saw that
coming they're gonna follow me
nope Ondine
baseball bat no good oh I think it's
well if you want a stun Jason it's
probably better than what you have but
slightly I need medicine that is my only
use the radio is anyone there
this is not a break we need your help
Jason is killing us okay we did the time
of Java Scala that's good
better pipe done okay okay all right we
got to keep searching because I need
medicine
I need medicine and I've not heard a
peep from Jason and that's well there's
probably over here these other people
that he's probably hunting right it is
strange except for
yeah we know where you came from
just tell be to look behind you real
quick we're gonna lock them up they can
go through a window
okay oh here we go he's a pan here's a
pan why can't I get the pan okay I can't
get the pan I cannot get the pan I
wanted that pan I need a weapon we can't
have them all that's true
go to the big house I can't I get out of
this one
I need to leave are you too sick to jump
in windows no I think it's cuz it sound
like the second floor or something could
be okay all right there you got this
that's your goal less your goal big
house I guess big house has medicine use
another door okay
okay here we go and we're gonna do this
alright
the bathroom upstairs you might be more
weighted what's in there it's not a
bathroom no yeah no no there you go nice
xxx you're back in the game jack
fuse box battery gasps these are things
we're looking for shoes box
this place looks picked clean
that hurt me
that hurt me apparently my Presti what I
have the keys headstart see the map
where are you know we're about to be
killed
oh oh there is so hey this guy one guy
came back yeah Oh use your shotgun ma'am
you shotgun it's hard to aim with that
thing it's hard to aim rich I you know
what I didn't realize I was on the
second story I thought there might be a
balcony I thought I thought the game I
thought the game maybe we would say like
if you jump out of this you might get
hurt
yellow jack I laughed so it was ironic
great you know what great nice yep that
was a nice getting up Jason animation
rich don't hit the T button correct well
so the thing with W right well here's
here's the deal with a t button that I
figured out yeah I can't be moving when
you hit the T button because it'll it
toggles between controller controls and
keyboard control I'm moving and you hit
the T button it doesn't register as you
hitting the tee box and of course their
patrols better came there is no
push-to-talk button on the controller
which is unhurt I mean that's unheard of
that's unheard of
okay oh no and they can't hear me right
cuz I'm dead I want I want to tell him
like I was we should have told him we
were by the big house yeah no this is
this is not the best game ever
I I gotta be honest with you I kind of
like it oh sure it's like it's not the
worst game like I said the thing that
concerns me is whether or not the
community will be there right uh-huh
then use mouse and keyboard all right is
here's another negative you are
completely unable to rebind any of the
keys is that true yes
that's crazy
go just just stick on that fucking bag
the whole time
oh go back in go back and let Jason find
you go back and let Jason find you okay
I oh that's a nice dad
sweet nope he teleported somewhere else
I know how we on the stream okay we
start up we start another match yeah
okay and if we for Jason yeah
good perfect end okay if we're not Jason
find a sleeping bag and we'll just wait
no yeah yeah nice either way either way
we go out with a bang great I'm down
with this plan I think that's a great
plan rich
yeah you can quit this and we'll start
it again what's the other sense
I like watching other sins I would feel
like I feel like that's one of the
that's one of the draws against the game
is like it encourages people to leave
Midway halfway through you know yep
just make sure you don't have the
sleeping bag perk out oh yeah I look at
this
she got caught on a tree what do you do
you gonna run her you gonna hit him with
the pan what are you gonna do run her
hit him with the pan her only option
might be to hit him with the pan I don't
think it's get it to her much good oh
did he teleport away he sure did Oh
uh-huh
why I think he was trying to catch her
mid-run he had her dead to rights look
at that face
nice nice dive capital oh shit oh shit
and he just busted right through that
door
back in the house she's trying to lose
him which is not dumb oh that
teleporting son of a bitch
stamina build up yeah no she's doing a
ride she's doing a ride she's got a
better weapon looking for the exit now
wait till he starts breaking down the
door so you know where he is no oh
or he decided to go somewhere else or he
decided she was too much trouble
he will tell Jason can teleport whatever
he's not out of cooldown he's got two
things that make him look like he
disappear he's got a a flat-out teleport
where you look at the map yeah I didn't
go like cross the map or you've got the
the evil dead cam which to the player
looks like a teleport oh oh she's Baba
she's gonna be by my mama body she's
gonna be by my body find my body find it
you can do it
two minutes I got two minutes rich I
think they might do it I think they
could pull it off
what they need yep in this game is
something for the dead players to do
what would that be this is one of them
right here yeah oh just guy oh sure oh
no you gotta go outside and find my dead
body
why huh because I have the shit you know
you don't have anything any good at this
point master okay like the wait the wait
for the cops would be longer than the
wait for the game to timeout yeah and
the car keys there's no way she's gonna
fix a car with Jason her ass oh shit
what if we could be like poltergeists
nice serpentine nice serpentine Oh
didn't work what she was being too
predictable yep this game looks like
pure shit so he says what what did you
expect out of a multiplayer Friday the
13th game what did you expect this looks
like about as good a job as they could
have done with this yeah okay so a dead
player can act as a poltergeist okay and
the poltergeists can interact with
certain things in the world no just just
find a different match no yeah yeah yeah
yeah we can uh like we can activate
lights and help help our players give
our players clues on where to go like to
if I see a light flickering right we can
we can maybe there are like traps in the
wood that we as poltergeist can set or
something
Oh what happened to the other guy I
don't know I wonder if she counts us
dead or not we might never know then
people would die just to tell people
what to do
sure sure that would be that would
actually be like a strategy it's like
someone dies to be the poltergeist yeah
yeah okay oh I like that Joe c'mon but
if the poltergeist does interact
it raises fear levels for the character
for all the characters so they act more
erratically or something see it like
there's a wait the problem is is there's
not a lot for why don't you just stop
playing and look for a new match huh why
don't you just stop playing look for a
new match okay try again either Jason or
sleeping bag yeah this is the plan
I'm almost hoping we get the Sleeping
Bear sure sure so all we need to do is
go in a tent right yeah okay go in a
tent and wait for Jason to kill you okay
unless I'm Jason and then I get to be
Jason then we get to be Jason we have a
fun end of the stream great yep
when you plays Jason you're gonna need
the hold-down RB and then one of the
face buttons to activate your powers
yeah okay this is right button is
important and grab is left trigger gram
is very important the grab is left
trigger right trigger is just swing your
axe but any of the gory kills the right
right left trigger is important okay
Ozzy Baxter says quick question on the
last best of the worst what was the blue
stuff Len was drinking also does
everyone bring their own booze for the
show or does our ahem supply it for the
visitors thanks and have a great night
we supply booze some you can bring your
own so something you want yeah yeah just
typically booze here stuff like that
exactly but usually it's a mixture of
both like I know you know like josh is a
big whiskey person he'll usually bring
his own what do you what was that Len
was drinking do you know of something
fancy
it was Len Len is a fancy drinker who
likes his fancy booze they were and it
was a very fancy drink there might still
be some before we before we say to thank
yous I'll go check the kitchen and see
if I can find it okay sleeping bag
straight head that camping fire icon I
see it I see it I see it I see it
nope no tent oh okay that's fine no
we'll just find the next campsite shit
I'm gonna die before you get to know
he's not going after me he's not gonna
go after you
he's literally right behind you yeah
maybe not all right you have a chance of
this still find a map if you Bob you
just check a couple dry shaving their
tiny up yeah just something here I've
got the car battery
case
oh I'm teeth yeah don't move their car
battery in here
it's right here right where we're
standing
and you want to follow her and see how
this plays out
thanks go fubar we can look for a tent I
suppose yeah we have a teammate now
put a trap over here waiter
there
what you stumble every now and then I
think it's related to your level of fear
okay
yeah just follow her see what happens
see what have see what a super man with
magic magic
she phone a phone
yeah hurry she found her oh she found
that thing
get that out what she's got there you
take that you got the better than
nothing
they still know we just found keys we
got keys
alright it sounds fun gasps got it
wait wait wait what's on the ground
there is any think your malya behind
other way by the window by the window by
the other
no that's just just it's nothing never
mind
wait go finally did you find gas no I
heard us say something on the top you
moron
yeah
what the hell was that
I don't know
Oh
we've already been over here though
right yeah don't step in a trap
Lynne there then we got to go we got to
go across to the like across the lake
maybe there's like a boat oh there's a
boat building that might have gas might
bite
I'm putting logic you know there is some
I found like a boat propeller and like
the boathouse once I know gas can't over
here there's Jason
do they see me sure does I hitting with
the wrench go ahead click click right
stick click right stick take a swing at
him maybe he'll fall over right away run
the fuck away run the fucking fuck away
fucking is my trap
huh
Oh oh my god the trip worked
you fucking know the trap worked just
getting the house get in the house you
don't love a lot of stamina that's why
you need to get in a house all right
stand still all right now we got to get
out of here
he's so onto that huh that's fine
that'll be Andre
get out now now defeat me defeat him
with the power of Jesus oh if only
ah god damn it let's try and pull up the
subscribers oh I'll start another match
just I will played no that was those you
know you did what you could I tried you
know like but the problem was my
character got too scared and that's why
yeah we ran out of stamina that wasn't
dirt we could fight
there was no tent we could not find a
tent well there was another campsite I
think the other side of the lake
couldn't find a tent yeah and there's
like I've we had car keys and the bear
was a decent chance of escape gonna find
that gas tank that was so worth taking
yeah yeah that was so worth trying
ah girl dear oh you know what I'm gonna
go see if I can find that blue liquor
how about that yeah yeah you do that
Oh God
tenth or Jason tenth or Jason
okay so the mystery of the blue boozy
liquid remains a mystery as whatever it
was either Len drank it all or took it
back home with them yeah I inverted I
know you did I can I can see that shit
oh that might be a tent it's a blue
thing and you know now I'd like one
o'clock that way that could be a 10 all
right is that I just not Jason's cabin
isn't no that's just a cab oh I think
that is that's a tent
yep that's a tent all right we have tent
right
shit my point for stealth now we know
what we're doing here orange or blue
blue that's the one I saw first it's a
nice bright color right next to a tree
perfect all right perfect
we have ten let's let's start reading
names do we have them we can do I subs
on here uh oh well we could but well we
don't want to take I want to leave this
screen right of course we can't do that
of course not give me one moment that we
are actually running dangerously low on
batteries
get the charge Mellotron oh yes we we
couldn't Theory
win no if everyone else manages to kill
Jason we could still win by trying to
die I consider that a draw well it's
still a win yeah Jason could just not
think to look over here and not be
looking this way this is his magic
magical his magic his magic sensing
power should see us right oh here we go
we'll start I thought I heard the
choo-choo I know hey man I thought it
might be happening I approve
oh that Kiki Kiki mom I'm that Jason
unlocks new power he doesn't start with
like the the evil dead thing were ya
there's another one that I've never got
much use it like stealth like if you use
that the music doesn't play when Jason's
near Oh Jason is like a sneak power he's
got he's got powers and when he gets a
new one you hear the key all right -
uh-huh
let's go read we'll see if something
happens oh I know I just like I don't I
don't want to like get into something
else and then it happens rich Isis
that's great you know what
it'll give people a reason to stick
around and watch us read names the other
thing is we have a try Holyoke is it
because it makes a loud noise once you
let go of the catching your pressure
then baby boo-boo Oh tips tips I've been
I've been caught up on those but now we
have Renaissance caveman who says wife
and I are very drunk just watched our
first just watched our new signed copy
of space cop hey awesome liar no it's
funny how our ironic Widow this is gonna
become a thing with you guys now the
ironic thing that's I guess that's fine
I guess that's fine because you know I
was so fucking right okay so we have
purple sweet wait you can look around
right oh not really
Oh someone got that someone got the
police call
or is that just a music change because
you you
buddy Jack it's ironic because it's
being wrong for humor it someone might
need to change exclamation point
irony that sentence doesn't make that
much sense all right
just update that purple space bazooka we
do we do have purple space bazooka for
twenty eight fucking months in a row and
purple space bazooka says hey guys happy
early Memorial Day great to see vanquish
on PC and thank you for everything have
a great weekend thank you well thank you
tomorrow's Memorial Day many people will
be barbecuing and drinking then that is
100% my plan Farscape oh by the way
that's a great hack bot jack is 100%
wrong about Farscape so it's really so
is it really a surprise that he's wrong
about this too cuz that can be used
anytime that's a great hack botton Jack
exclamation point Farscape I approve can
I punch somebody in the chat can I do
that can I just do that punch someone
yeah loner arch on for 33 fucking months
in a row says it's Friday why am I still
here why are you still here I'm trying
to think you know I've seen people
leaving Oh
you're just trying to go to them
God Jason you suck I don't think he's
looking for you I think he's working
about other people right you can't all
right
heavy breathing intensifies let's see
here
typing s heart the dude night Oh
giraffe pussies right there rich is that
Jason is he giraffe pussy wait is that
Jason no no get him back in there get
back in there probably not I doubt you
wouldn't see the thing I can't believe
you accidentally got out of your tent
that could have ruined everything
nobody do that for we got the other
thing well I thought we were doing both
oh we could but we can't do the other
thing if we're in the game remember okay
OBS needs to be running that was a big
conversation we had Oh
OBS needs to be fronting for Center so
that's why I wanted to wait that's why
that's why I was stretching this time
I'll lick it still wait yeah right
I'll still wait all right well I had one
last stream oh yeah yeah oh so they've
seen it already some of them have not
everyone was here sure sure
no no this isn't a no BS thing we can
actually win well wait so what happens
the police did walk out when the police
arrived right but but does that mean you
can wait out Jason like our plan was or
down do we have to walk out because the
point we don't have to well you're so
wait out the game might timeout in
general that's nothing to do with the
timer for the police show I got thanks
just five minutes after you call them so
you can sit here we consider for the
full twenty minute match sure Tiberius
Kirk we did set up a macro for obs
that's tied to a keystroke unfortunately
the macro only works if we are currently
if OBS is the active application and so
because we're in the game OBS isn't the
active application so the keystroke
doesn't work you dig the will Meister we
missed your tip hold on I don't think we
did but I will reload the tip of motrin
as we wait do we just have like a shitty
Jason apparently well no I think I think
he's I think the other players were like
doing stefan and were active and so i
think he was like going after the active
players the the best laid plans rich
mice and men they oft go awry my name is
Tate says Kate my subscribe tip was
going to ask if you unlocked any
overwatch anniversary skins yet and who
your new favorite is not if you got any
anniversary Oh late Lee I have
not unlocks any anniversary skins yet I
am dangerously close to just buying some
boxes cuz I really want that Zarya skin
I think it looks super badass the the
sorry her skin looks like an Ironman
outfit with a blue mohawk coming out of
the top so oh wait huh
wait the music's getting louder maybe
this is glitch with the tent that's oh
is it
oh yeah look who's sneaking by raging
fetus that's great that is great um
don't do it jack it's what they want
I know but like I want those skins bad
the Zarya skin is gorgeous the the new
diva skin like the 50s greaser diva skin
is wonderful
and all the new dance emotes you got to
get all the dance emotes those are great
that's great talk on the mic Jason can
hear it it's not true
on a cool on a warm summer's evening on
a train bound for nowhere met up with a
gambler we were both too tired to sleep
yeah we took turns took us you guys he
began to speak you guys I'm good son I
made my life I'm going to bed
you guys don't people's faces don't
don't bother me I'm going to sleep sleep
by the way they held their eyes you
don't mind me saying I could see your
faces taste of your whiskey I'll give
you some pretty oh I gotta go to sleep
in my blue tent now we're we're in the
blue tent Jason Jason
we're in the blue tent if you we just
want to see the cool tent kill if you
can see us Jason if you could I'm
talking while I'm breathing look I'm not
doing its ventriloquist much as I
possibly can to get your attention
oh you know you're a shitty fucking
Jason this is taking you far too long
you can't hear us anymore because he
started pressing the button on the
controller I stopped what I said that no
okay oh that was something this is
getting intense the blue tint the blue
one I think everyone else is dead and
all the spectators are watching you're
very confused we just want you to kill
us in a cool way
for fuck's sake you can get some extra
points for the tent kill the
environmental kill we're right here
we're not gonna fight you blue tent blue
tent
I hear the music goddamnit I know you're
there I think the music might pieces
this is the least tense tension music
I've ever heard
for God's sake we're getting a timeout
here oh wait are you are you just
fucking with us at this point
oh here we go he's just but there we go
huh against the tree
javis return to mommy yeah he was just
off killing everyone else I'm looking
for us in the pen great great whatever
works
all right get us back to the main nail
that's a great end that's a great end
rich alright ok we'll get the forget the
old way this is a different list than
the one I had hold on
hold their horses the exclamation point
subs list is different than like
entirely different yeah I entirely
different let's see here this one starts
with purple space bazooka and purple
space bazooka is not on the torture
unless I'm missing it here mysterious
hmm something's fishy comments about
being stalked by Jason hero so that's
from today yeah I'm trying to see if
these are from today hold on hold on
everyone we want to make sure oh wait
here's Xena trope I saw that their Xena
trope mister toots toots our I'm fangirl
turbo Dangerfield oh wait here's a
thanks for the stream rich and so that
was probably the last one right okay so
it's probably the twat which is correct
okay so okay so and then we'll get over
here just in case we get to use our
special device
so we'll say Ike Inc loozy in Clues II
okay all right LM fangirl whack man V 2
for 18 months in a row says can't
believe it's been over a year already
thanks for all the entertainment I
really appreciate it
Wendy one an ish oh one one one says
when will you guys play Witcher 3 Wild
Hunt Tom Sanders 18 months in a row I
can't we can't keep saying the same
things over over again every stream
okay miss toots Tom Sanders 18 months in
a row which I think I said and you just
didn't hear it oh okay xeno trope for
thirty four fucking months in a row says
Jason in space would be a space on
Voorhees and watch that space Sun
instead of JSON all right mister one for
twenty nine fucking months in a row
visitor one says Deva order them it's
the thing I look forward to the most
honestly thank you very nice loner low
end are says rich loves murder yeah get
it yeah do you love murder Pierre
Meister 2089 for 20 fucking months in a
roses 20 months it's getting pretty
serious so I have to ask will you marry
me
no no aimless Corsairs as they people
making the first film never expected
that probably fell people making the
first film never expected it to be
successful they just wanted to make a
cheap and easy slasher film to make some
cash but it was super super successful
so they made more I believe that that
was that that was the start of the
slasher craze they didn't know they
didn't know there was gonna be the craze
the craze of the of the decade
captain SW ceases thanks for all the
hours of entertainment you're welcome
scorn one two one zero says hey prereq
love your work
thanks for the countless hours of
entertainment are you saving Vanquish
for one Jack arrives or are you
seriously enjoying this hide-and-seek
simulator and I love vanquish yeah
but the hide-and-seek simulator is
really good seek you're actively trying
to do things it's it has potential it
has potential I'd love to see
like I said this would be good with a
mic and with a group you know where you
can really be organized oh yeah yeah
yeah yeah that would be nice
no like I was Jason tonight and this
group got the car going like really
super fucking fast they were all working
together yeah I slaughtered them but I
was doing exceptionally well yeah yeah
yeah no I mean you need a mic like I
said for for me just because I'm a
multiplayer person I'm a multiplayer
player the idea of a group sticking
around for the next round is seems to be
beneficial like a group working together
over and over and so I do want to see
that incentive to keep people from
finding a new game maybe we could try
with the champ sure maybe maybe maybe
we'll come back on Wednesday yeah great
well we're gonna have to oh yeah okay
spambot 8/8 says those QuickTime events
though Magnus PU for 28 fucking months
in a row emblem emblematic cop said we
had it so well was so close dude says
hit him in that time I told decimals for
19 months in a row Steve the ghost says
I'd like to believe the guy who stole my
license plate on Tuesday is currently
being stalked by Jason sure
Starkiller 1 6 3 3 says love the streams
guys keep up the great work
Shamu jingles says tell Mike I said hi
will not do we're probably blown
probably won't honestly with my mom I
mean it's like a 10% chance number one
are you saying like I might be like jabo
Jang know that's you one you just did
Val 5001 a Michelle
seven four thirty three fucking months
in a row since one hundred and sixty
five dollars worth every penny old hand
sauces happy Memorial Day guys I caught
a cold just in time for the long weekend
sad face
congratulations my name is Tate 23
fucking months a neurosis Jack unlock
any anniversary we talked about we
talked about that not yet I'm this close
to buying some boxes yeah we'll see we
will see evil crash nine for thirteen
months in a row the AC says gangster
boogie gangster boogie gangster boogie
gangster boogie gangster boogie nice
fleshy patch for 32 fucking months in a
row and fleshy patch says anthrax is the
best band of the big four fuck all y'all
of them of the metal bands yeah you know
it's alright well maybe Lucas Ducas for
twenty fucking months in a row I just
don't I just don't care
Zak of the axes says three months of
rich Evans talking about Star Trek worth
every penny
some blue guy and champ says oh fuck I
got my resub notification better come up
with something funny before the stream
ends shit thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it it's true
we really do did you um did you know as
far as my way tell me let me get my
fingers on the things and he's alright
alright no I didn't have anything funny
I was just gonna be is this gonna be
about the she she she her her her ma ma
ma ma right
I don't think you hit stop streaming
I'll be honest with you I think I think
we're
