Apr 12, 2017
Bayonetta
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/141216269
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/141221202
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bp7J8-_b3qg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Md34TfbJjc
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/852233295307919360

[Part I]
since for three minutes can we yeah are
we capable we we are fully capable of
chatting about nonsense let's just wait
till we get a little heads up hey maybe
what wait till we get a hey the stream
is now live yes
sounds like a hay to me that sounds like
a hey hey everybody what I wanted to do
rich was wondering if we had anything to
talk about while we while we wait around
her waiting what we could turn the
stream out of waiting and just chat
right yeah yeah high tech heads high
dandy junk
so when was it was it last stream or was
the stream before that where we were
talking about Marvel's diversity
initiative couple of times we talked
about it all the time and well
specifically we were talking about
Ironman yeah because Ironman is being
replaced by a young black girl who is
going to take up the Ironman throne and
I obviously began to it became curious
does Tony Stark still exists in the
Marvel Universe yeah and I googled it I
tried figuring that out that didn't work
so what I had to do rich uh I was forced
to walk into my local comic store well
you look so disgusted have a bookstore
it's just a joke okay
it was just I know it's it's my comic
store I go there often to buy comics
it's a great great store so anyway I go
in there I brought a cameras could have
been like a video segment we can we can
add in pre-recorded bits version bricks
value where were you for this meeting
rich we could have you're the you're the
you're the wild maverick who decided to
go to the comic book store at his own
the maverick maverick like I'm talking
I'm talking to the person behind the
counter and I was like hey can I can I
ask you a dumb question about Ironman
I'm not going to buy anything from you
and then they kind of laughed and said
sure I said okay so can you show me all
of the current comic books that's Star
Ironman all the current Iron Man comic
books and you know they're like oh well
you know the
they're still they just wrapped up civil
war so there's all the civil or civil
war - yeah yeah there's those there ZZZ
and he's like but the two main ones
there are so there are two Iron Man
comic books at the moment yeah one is
invincible Iron Man which has been the
long-running Iron Man yes which is the
young black girl yes and the reason that
that Iron Man is young black girl
spoilers alert for Civil War - if you
are currently reading that spoiler alert
but I think it's been over for a while
now tony is either dead or in a coma and
is currently manifesting his
intelligence as an artificial
intelligence inside the Iron Man armor
that's where Tony Stark is ok so that's
why the young black girl had to take
over but then there's also infamous Iron
Man yeah in which and this is crazier
than a young black girl taking over Iron
Man are you ready for this yeah Doctor
Doom is Iron Man hasn't he always been
right I think I think I think totally
ripping off the superior spider-man
I believe that's what they're doing that
yes jesus fucking christ
I think Sphere Spiderman was pretty
popular sure but but it wasn't severe
because there was a superior Iron Man
already he moved to like LA to be Iron
Man in LA and was Iron Man over there
with a different suit so there so so
Tony Stark is still in the comics but he
is the voice of the AI inside of the
suit because he's currently in a coma or
dead kind of creepy yeah
that's creepy I'm gonna say that's
full-on creepy full-on creepy yeah well
you know I'm sure and what I'm Siri now
yes that's a fucking nightmare
that's one that's what he is at the
moment bond but so these so technically
speaking
there is currently no Toni's there no
physical Tony Stark as Iron Man comic
book that was our big discussion as is
there a comic book with Tony Stark so
currently there is not and I thought it
was interesting but of course he's still
around and so of course he's gonna come
back because that's how comic books work
yeah yeah but and I just thought it was
interesting and it had a nice chat about
about Iron Man with the person that
worked at the comic book store and
they're like well Tony because you know
I was like I was like is Tony Stark
still around and like well he is but
he's dead well he's kind of in a coma
okay let me get let me get you there and
like them trying to expand and I was
like oh if so so it's just the the
little girl who's who's Iron Man and
like well no because they just starting
this other book now we're Doctor Doom is
Iron Man and I was like I said what like
yeah cuz actually Doctor Doom and Tony
Stark teamed up a little bit ago and I
was like what's Doctor Doom was working
with Iron Man in the comics okay
it's a comics are crazy man aren't they
usually comics are crazy so if if you're
a Tony Stark fan yeah you're not really
getting your fix anywhere oh oh unless
you count him being you just dude right
basically if you are if you're a Tony
Stark as Iron Man fan you currently are
unhappy I got reading the comic books
that was my only point oh sure no that's
a fair point and that's a fair point and
now and now we know because we didn't
know before whether or not there was so
now we know oh the Game Capture is
untape oh the eyeball good is unkicked
is it on yeah you're much closer to the
monitor than I am now it is now it is
good
I got me
so are we gonna have issues okay let's
see if it's cut same thing no it's not
okay let's try any fullscreen window or
any full screen application sure I
should say are you gonna be one of those
it's gonna be one of those yeah you do
it you do it you don't you seem to know
what the fuck you're doing something
sometimes insist you know times I know
what I'm doing rich expect this you
first try expected to work your your
insistence your insistence on grabbing
the controls I will you just the my
insistence comes from you just saying
that I am closer to the screen and so
can see things well that little matter
yes yes so that was part of my
insistence is I was like you know what I
am closer rich has all rich has really
bad old man eyes oh yeah no it's
capturing so why aren't you showing up
here is it too low is it is it buried
under something something oh yeah where
is it hold on maybe that's the problem
transform fit to screen and then there's
rent
shrink it so does that a game up and see
pops in there there we go by the way
totally fixed it my first try
yeah even though I was you know done
with a suggestion by me I would have I
would have figured it out what it
totally figured it out there controls
everything alright
you can you can go right ahead okay here
move this down here
there we go I'm trying to have no idea
what I'm doing
great wait you've never played ban you
know I've never played Ben I have also
never played Bayonetta I know this is a
this is a wildly popular game I've just
never got around to it so I'm gonna be
hittin bead now constantly haha so yeah
neither of us win Iron Man can look like
anybody because he lives in my heart my
Iron Man is a little sexy black girl I
get it alright so I got something out of
Korra Maya the chances somebody say
something about our article heavily
hinting that Vanquish was getting a PC
release here we have vanquish the locus
of platinum games yeah who made
Bayonetta yes has come out to say that
they they would love to make all of
their game or they said specifically if
it was up to them all of their games
would be available on PC ok well some
that probably just can't for rights
issues and everything so and so probably
that is what is happening with vanquish
but you know this what other has what
other platinum games has recently come
to Pere autumn here near automata
nobody has one just recently been ported
to PC this okay I mean another one
right now you are you you're doing this
yeah you're playing right now you're
just fighting I'm I have no idea what
I'm doing it's I'm just kind of mashing
buttons perfect like Bayonetta to do to
Nintendo publishing it right yeah they
will probably never see bad to write PC
right right so walk on I think it's like
not since you should be automatic ports
and ports still do take time you would
think they do vanquish before this if
they could this was a surprise no no
this is the more popular game now this
is more popular than vanquish yeah that
doesn't that doesn't shock me at all
yeah this came out of nowhere
apparently there was like an April
Fool's hint yeah they mentioned
something about Bayonetta coming to PC
but everyone thought it was an April
Fool's thing it was a running April
Fool's joke this year the fake April
Fool's joke that turned out to be really
yeah yeah yeah
Oh a sure beefcake when you have a
moment rich if you could pause it
what's wrong
Oh God Jesus Christ Oh God
okay and go they go I turned the audio
up a smidge as requested it was
requested that I turned the audio up a
smidge and so I did tell us if that
smidge worked
I went from negative 35 decibels to
negative 29 decimals decibels
so first the wheel of the worst then
that could be okay so first of all I
obviously was not there I was not there
for the filming of that episode
obviously because you didn't see me
there not even a dollop can't hear game
volume H+ in okay so now we are going
from negative 29.7 to negative 22 I
think anyone here add a little bit one
that negative 19 you should now hear
slightly more than a dollar
to continual struggle anything I like
confident combos and whatnot presumably
there are some sort of combos perfect
much better it's fine good it's somewhat
out of old turn it all the way up
perfect this is much better thank you
perfect great thank you perfect I'm glad
we are now at perfect volumes all right
got a little got a little friend in the
fight okay so I wasn't there for the
wheel episode but you know you do a
clowning video all about clowns and Mike
breaks the wheel yes I should have been
there you know what I don't even think I
was told about the filming of that
episode I told you you told me the day
before Jay told me to tell you oh this is
where we're all rich we're doing a wheel
up subs when I heard about it I didn't
hear about until few days before either
as a clabsi jack tom bond
okay okay it was a couple days before so
I I had something else planned so I
couldn't make it but you work you
weren't cut out is what I'm saying cuz
oh oh I was given the word to tell you
when I saw you you're right
the point is Mike broke the wheel and he
used his excuse as I did it three years
ago and so he just threw me right under
the fucking bus
it's like Jack did it it must be okay
not okay obviously when I did it I broke
like the flapper mechanism but nothing
else Mike broke the entire wheel like I
don't think the pictures do it justice
the entire base the backboard the wheel
itself all split freaky than that what
happened from one goddamn fall the Mac
mind's eye entire fucking back top to
bottom and the wheel itself it's cracked
in half yeah like I'm sure people think
that you know had to have been rigged
uh-huh no no it's just how but like
perfectly down the middle yeah it's
fucked up it's fucked up man
you know ya know and I double-check
the the date of that of that fur it was
like it was the SOS video that I knocked
it over and that was that was June of
2014 so almost three years ago rich is
is hard at work on fixing it he sure it
could be the last wheel episode ever
oh also it's the last wheel wheel ups
whatever did you know and rich is gonna
fix it not because we're not using it AJ
hey sure and maybe I'm not gonna fix it
at all I don't know I don't know jack if
I can ruin that ruin that what do you
mean I ruined that that's what you guys
said in the fucking episode settle down
settle down
Jack you monster I know I am I'm a
horrible monster alright let's see here
I need answers about octo pop one of the
greatest names in Wheel history by the
way octo puffin kumquat we don't have
much insight into bad animation because
no one at rlm has an animation
background right so we got nothing
technical to add to that and like even
if you have an animation background what
can you say like was it was a
five-minute cartoon yeah but the actor
smokin octopus comes to town makes town
smoke the kids don't like the smoke okay
then the dress is ghost and they scared
the octopus straight and then he takes
away all the smoke and there's five
minutes and there was much talk about
there you go sure there you go that's I
mean it seems like a lot of great
insight that you left out of the episode
as I guess what I'm saying look at this
Humpty Dumpty lookin motherfucker you
know I forget how did I call the smoking
huntress it's called octo puff what the
hell else could that be it's not gonna
you know like a medical device called an
active puff
now you pair that up with a kumquat
that's the that was the tricky part the
sons silly like is for kids if it was
just called octo puffs
maybe that's medical device if it's
gonna be for kids on to pump is gonna be
a cartoon octopus right but there was no
way of knowing that was for kids it was
like it nothing on it if it was for kids
it should have the a cartoon cover on it
you know because it wasn't sold to kids
it was something you put on in a
classroom the teacher sees lie yes this
is the the American Lung Association
video number six to twenty five I don't
often come quad yeah
this is what we watched today I grabbed
that it's for its for its labeled for an
adult in a classroom setting what the
hell is a kumquat it's a fruit or or a
doctor's office or somewhere sure sure
initiate educational video three eight
seven seven seven right a kumquat is a
fruit you've never heard of a kumquat
before this fairly obscure I've heard of
it I'm not I'm not a I couldn't say I
couldn't point one out in a lineup I
don't know what the fuck they look like
you know what I suppose I don't either I
just know the name because it's a funny
name yeah it's a fruit is one of them
fruits but in the video the town was
called kumquat right yeah I thought that
was the connection octo puffin kumquat I
think he could taste the kumquats better
when he stopped smoking oh sure sure
that makes sense
don't compare them to apples and oranges
that's true it's a fun it's a funny name
like quinoa like Albuquerque it's just
one of those names that you hear all the
time but uh what uh what what might make
more sense of we were watching it I
guess the streams are not the time for
getting invested in storylines right
just not good places for that bad hello
robot bro no neither richer i watch or
have seen mr. robot what is it again I
think it's it's a T it's a television
show about a hacker okay and mr. mister
I believe mr. robot is the main
character he's like a hacker and he does
hacky hackery things and that's called
mr. robot because he hacks robot not
because he is wrong no there's no robots
like he's like he's a hacker like a
computer hacker okay like I think it
takes place in a realistic ish world and
I think he's called mr. robot because he
is good at hacking I that's how much I
know about mr. robot by the way just
like a nun swinging around an angel
that's great graveyard that's great the
game Darkwing schmuck says the game does
not care if you get invested in its
story the story is ridiculous
on purpose yeah I got that that
impression yeah this looks great those
angels look awesome
yeah next time
alright that tombstone bit was gold yeah
keep it ain't my good buddy himself how
about you let's see here anonymous says
uh rich first it was your diabetes
medicine now the wheel what's next a
fiery explosion in a science lab a la
slaughter hi sure yeah no Patrol says
for everything you guys do what are next
what are next thank you for the tip no
patrol are you just enjoying the
ridiculous yeah
what Oh scandalous
I've been a suit of 51 game
why is he involved I'm not kidding
was Sudha with platinum at the time they
made this this totally feels like suda51
ah baby
this is just over the top
vagina vagina thrusting right at the
camera that's great
I suppose in a suit a game it would be a
man thrusting his crotch at the camera
so maybe maybe they just took
inspiration no there's been teenage
a little pole dance routine excellent
this Jack I thought you hated cutscenes
why are you watching better why are you
complaining you know why cutscenes are
rarely this good can you can you do this
without cutscenes Kenya huh can you do
something like this without cutscenes
Jack can you this particularly no and
you know what this is ridiculous
so it's great this is a cutscene done
right
are they making this a movie can you
sure you can we know I'm saying can we
make that happen let's make that happen
every 100 night gets play nuggets play
okay okay
quick punch there is a Bayonetta anime
they're saying okay okay great
Oh back for next okay okay okay Paula
why is says greetings from London UK
question have rich or Jack ever been to
the UK if not I'd love to hear your
perceptions your preconceptions / bad
impressions of the various regional
accents I have never been to the UK I
have been to Germany which apparently is
not in the UK ah delay those are handy
kick him up near kick up the air moves
little kick him up in the air I've been
to Germany and I've been to Italy I had
a rather long layover in London when I
was going to Africa but we did not get a
chance to hang out like go outside of
the airport but your Airport looked
lovely and it was really really weird
flying over the city because so many
like old buildings right next to very
modern large buildings
I'm gonna get that time in got again no
one's legs are long enough to play her
role properly get Charlize their own
that's a tall lady
get still man
give her some CGI legs I'm sure you can
find someone who's hella tall to play
Bayonetta nope lip ooh
uma uma thurman yeah who was good at
campy Charlize is disgustingly old she
is in her late thirties forties cannot
get out of town yes dicey cause we know
that we know that her clothes are her
hair
oh that's a question I keep saying is
did you guys just have that giant gummy
one lying around somebody sent us one
like a week or two ago before we filled
that bitch said what a weird things that
we could send for no particular reason
how strange we got we got use out of it
yeah apparently apparently apparently
captain blue 42 says Vinny host a Vsauce
who interviewed you a while back said
yesterday that he'd loved to be a guest
on your stream and would fly to
Milwaukee in a heartbeat to be a guest
on best of the worst thoughts that's
that's not our call
who's a guest best of the worst Hagan he
can Skype in I don't have no issues with
having him as a guest for the stream oh
yeah far as for coming here that's
that's a whole other production and that
is not our call other people are
involved with that call yeah and and he
knows how to get a hold of us so that
should be up to Vinny if he wants to get
a hold of us all right you know what the
stream is probably not the best time to
learn all of the combos so you know
learn I'll learn all you want rich LuAnn
do you do you man you do you okay I'll
get a few of them down get some basics
yeah yeah you've had one of those those
those giant gummy worms don't look like
they're very tasty but it was a fine
joke on a strange coincidence also like
just speaking of strange coincidences
like the day that our our stream on
Sunday I had made fun of you for not
being a good improviser yeah for not yes
anding like
the next day the wheel comes out and
mike is also yelling at you for being a
bad improviser weird coincidences right
weird things are weird how about that
new Thor movie all fuck yes
did you see the trailer no no oh shit
dog
we might have to take a break so you can
watch the trailer it looks awesome super
hype i'm so hyped them uh this weekend
i'm went I'm renting hunt for the will
do people alright looks like there's so
many combos I'll just we'll just fucking
see what happens
sure I'm gonna start yeah just tired it
looks really good yeah the trailer looks
really good definitely has more of a
visual aesthetic to guardians which is
nice it looks like Thor's gonna have
some fun
Kate wins who's the lady in it kate
beckinsale who you might know from the
underworld movies okay
plays hella cate blanchett thank you
yeah I think I said that okay Cate
Blanchett plays hella who's messing the
world up Chris Hemsworth looks like he's
having fun
oh man I'm so so hyped kate mckinnon is
playing hella not Blanchette wait yes
Cate Blanchett who's from the underworld
movies
Kate Blanchet who did I say I'm Jane
Foster wait so who's in the underworld
movies and who's in the Thor movies
help help help me out here because Jack
doesn't know anything
underworld is Kate Beckinsale this is
Kate Blanchet they they look really
similar to each other how about that how
about that they look exactly similar to
each other
Jeff Goldblum is in it did you even know
that Jeff Goldblum is in Thor Ragnarok
I'm beat up some angels it's Kate
Blanchet the oscar-winning actors not
Kate Beckinsale from the underworld
films put up an image of them
side-by-side they look exactly the
fucking the same they look exactly the
fucking the same Kate Blanchet is
playing Halloween oh they look so
similar do you get little rings like in
Sonic okay okay I think their halos Jack
oh you steal their halos nice and open
nope oh they look exactly the fucking
the same oh that's cool
I'm looking it up right now you you guys
settle down you guys settle down because
they they're two white women with with
straight black hair they look exactly
the same
Kate Google here Google okay
I can sail
underworld looking that up and in a
second tab here it's really that's
really far away picture
the second tab will go Kate Blanchet
hella we're gonna get Rich's opinion on
this oh that's a nice close-up picture
right now they look kind of similar they
look kind of similar guys I'm just gonna
put that out there
look at this okay yeah
there's one of them huh there's the
other one yeah they look kind of similar
right yeah yeah and and and they're both
named Kate and they get mad at me cuz
I'm mixing them up I'm shooting the
things Jack I'm having fun it's tuned
it's two ladies named Kate who Oh black
heron
what was that there's a floating angel
head they have similar names and similar
looks in these movies so I I will not
apologize for confusing the two all
white women look the same that's a fact
Tiberius Kirk says you're wrong Kate
Blanchet is blond except for in the Thor
Ragnarok trailer in which she has dark
hair like Kate Blanchet get your facts
together look at look at I Google I
googled I giggled I gaggle gaggle Kate
Blanchet hella and Kate Beckinsale
underworld look at them in those two
movies they look exactly the fucking
same Thank You Dante doomsday yes I am
I'm comparing her role as hella versus
Kate Beckinsale in doomsday in not
doomsday in underworld
why isn't natalie portman in the movie
because she's a good at she's she's too
high and mighty for for all these
superhero movies now she's going the
route of Gwyneth Paltrow
which unfortunately means that she'll
just be gone and it'll be a a quick
one-line explanation like we got in like
we got in Civil War
hey where's pepper at Pepper's gone now
she's no longer part of my life really
yeah all this this this is potential to
be incredibly fun Jack hmm oh great then
I'm happy
listen look Google Image Search Kate
Blanchet hella you cannot compare them
when they are one is blonde I'm sure
their faces are different what I'm
saying is they're both actresses named
Katie Katie B with black straight hair I
got confused
and you can't be mad at me for getting
confused
but so yeah Natalie Portman
look at her strut strut when she when
she shoots yeah lookit she does a little
catwalk sometimes you got to take your
losses jack no no this is a this is a
I'm going to count this as a completely
understandable misunderstanding on my
point and you guys are acting like I'm
I'm saying the worst thing lately oh you
get a little butterfly wings okay you
get little butterfly wings this is the
first time I ever played this game I was
aware of it I had never played it though
right
haven't you figured it out yet
there's no quarter for you in this world
oh you get pretty butterfly wings as
you're murdering demon angels or the
main jewels so facial structures being
somewhat different means nothing to you
they look very similar I'm sorry I
watched the trailer a couple times I saw
a lady with dark black hair that kind of
looks like Kate Beckinsale and I thought
to myself it's Kate Beckinsale then I
thought I saw the word Kate later on the
internet and I was like that's
definitely came back it's a kdb KTB
oh wow the moral of the story rich is
that the thor ragnarok trailer if we
take a break this evening which we
should you you will have to watch the
thor ragnarok trailer because it's it's
an amazing trailer it's great I've only
seen what lies in the shadows the
director also did some episodes of the
of flight of the conchords for HP I
don't know if you've ever seen em but I
like his work I think I think what lies
in the shadows is very funny and now I
really want to see hunt for the wildered
really good things about but I have not
seen yet what we do what we do in the
shadows for fuck's sake no oh yeah I'm
sure jack is gonna say many many things
wrong Stevie Ray you're incorrect and
I'm pretty sure you're saying that to be
joking I did not hear we have what Jack
said because I was a little bit in crow
so it was trying to be rude right oh no
and I understand that look this isn't
this isn't dynasty Warriors where I
could just hit the button uh-huh uh-huh
uh-huh
I can't I can't I can't get anything
right today today's the day I can't get
anything right you know some some days
are better than others
today's just not one of today's just not
one of them days region that's what
that's going to be totally fine uh did
you ever play the Devil May Cry games
right really for no particularly good
reason just yeah me too I never ever
play wasn't against them thoughts on
Leon you you thought you've seen the
professional right rich uh no you've
never seen the professional no oh you
should see the professional it's really
good movie aliens good movie it's a fine
movie good really good performances uh
you know just that simple it's very very
good movie I know for me I always
assumed that that movie was kind of
that's what usually people point out to
as the lone wolf and cub even though now
that I've read the lone wolf and cub
comics it's nothing like that but it's a
really interesting premise of a little
girl who befriends a hit man well I've
heard of I've heard of the professional
just anything yeah it's a good movie
good movie every everyone has seen Leone
except for Ajay here in America we call
it the professional I believe overseas
it was just called Leone
or maybe Leone the professional we know
it as the professional so
remember is the you a witch but now
you're stuck because you're gonna
sacrifice our halo wearing friends
everyday or they'll drag your ass back
down the hell I know I thought I got
screwed but being forced to slap around
that's why I called it the professional
let's see here shacks Oh duh I get it
Oh nope how about old hand sauces Jack
thanks for turning me on to the hardcore
history podcast I'm certain blueprint
for Armageddon will help me enjoy the
historical accuracy of the upcoming
Wonder Woman movie great podcast
hardcore history a fine fine podcast
PaLaLaLi says Graham Linehan follows RLM
and Jay-slash-Mike on Twitter. Do you guys
know the importance of one of the greatest 
British comedy writers following you guys?
he wrote father Ted IT Crowd black books
you'd be amazed with the number of
things I don't know I've never heard of
any of those shows I don't know who he
is for their shows I'm not Smith the
writer of these shows though
oh I don't think I've heard of all of
those shows of her some of them what was
the it crowd I've heard of the ED crowd
yeah what else black books definitely
with a father Ted not familiar with
those the only ones yeah I've heard of
the it crowd okay and I haven't heard of
those shows but it may be they're good
maybe they're not I think it's great
that he follows rlm we have heard from
from multiple sources that that many
people working in the industry really
enjoy half in the bag yeah yeah
from from multiple credible sources that
in people in the industry really like
half in the bag and best of the worst so
I think that's great
I cannot believe suda51 did not have a
who did is that your little bitty friend
from the beginning yeah that's a bitty
friend
black book this one great Jackie you
don't know gran Lynam you don't know
what you're missing out on public Ted is
a staple of any Irish household I'm not
part of an Irish household I'm sorry sir
onion nights we've heard it from more
than just max landis is why I say
multiple credible source
what is a part of a Irish household oh
well I missed that should you should you
even try to pay attention at this point
black black books or the movie the TV
show from that guy that follows rlm on
top
ah we got the guy it's a it's a staple
of any Huayra channel the guy you know
the guy
all right shack soda says huge fan of
prereq I was psyched when I found out
you guys are fans of they might be
giants I've seen them a few times now
what are your top 3 songs by They Might
Be Giants rich is currently playing yeah
uh so I will go the end lat
that was great shoot them in a little
Iron Maiden yeah but there's just so
there's just so many kind of depends on
what mood you're in you know obviously
anything off a flood flood is an amazing
album but they'll need a crane is one of
my favorites like that's just a song I
can listen to any time it's it's this
lovely little jazzy pop tune about
parents they're about two people getting
a divorce it's great no idea what I just
did but it looked awesome top three they
might be giant songs oh you had a button
mesh okay okay what's the torture attack
starts ah
oh yeah dr. worm dr. worm is just
fantastic
back back when uh when my oldest was
very young he would request songs before
bedtime and we didn't know any songs and
so we sang him dr. Wong it's a great
song that was the only song I knew all
the words to was dr. worm so I'd sing
that to him so she's our enemy now I am
possibly yes great I'm not hearing
anything that's going on you're right I
don't think the game really cares no no
I can't imagine I can't imagine that the
game cares at this point rich cow town
going down to cow town the cows a friend
to me lives bazooey beneath the ocean
that's where I will be beneath the waves
the waves and that's where I will be
going to see the cow beneath the sea no
cow town no so they might be giant song
it's great song um Berlin in the dark
whistling in the dark
yep rock to wind a string around that's
a great one anything else yeah yeah
anything else like what yeah all my
favorite They Might Be Giants as flood
yeah that's a good one uh
the importance of Anna Inge cannot be
overstated you know Anna Inge no Oh Anna
Inge is a is an amazing song make a hole
with the gun perpendicular to the plains
of the town and a desktop world what's
called a system but was not comfortable
yeah that's a great one what does that
call Istanbul not a symbol comma or
pronounced sentence that is the full
name Istanbul was once constant open
artists and oh that Constantinople a
long time gone gone Constantinople now
that urn now is Turkish Delight on a
moonlit night at brick Galan
Constantinople lives in Istanbul my
constant
else off to you of a date in
Constantinople she'll be waiting in
Istanbul they did enjoy right that
fucking song she's weird
it was a cover don't you know I didn't I
didn't know they just played it better I
guess
so many amazing tunes from they might be
giants oh what's the what's the song is
it just called dead on flood oh yeah I
am returned yes yes rose
basically spot is fucking amazing you
wanna listen up one They Might Be Giants
album it's it's flood the shelf before
the expiration date that's a great flood
I mean yeah that's great um oh my good
yeah it's it's it's great I mean John
Henry is a great album Lincoln is a
great album so many so many of the
album's are the great albums
I can't believe this is going on for
this line I could probably skip it but
why would I want to you know I'm only
familiar with sigur rós from the HD dyd
movies I don't know what that means
how many people got into they might be
gents because I heard them on Tiny Toons
number one right here maybe the first
time I heard them yeah but now if I got
into them and I didn't really get deep
into them I don't know all the albums
and all the deep cuts but Karin parents
big fan oh yeah oh yeah after after that
Tiny Toons episode I went out to my
local CD store at the mall and bought
flood and went down a journey of they
might be giants and I loved them I loved
every one of their albums it's amazing
Karen is musically inclined whereas I am
not sure sure
one of my favorite songs once once you
start once you start getting into like
the non hits and the deep cuts on their
very first album they might be giants
the the third song on their debut album
is all about how they can only write two
songs yeah yeah I've only two songs in
me and I just wrote the third don't know
where I got the inspiration or how I'll
write the words spend my whole life just
digging up my music shallow grave for
the two songs in me and the third one I
just made they're amazing they're
amazing but here by the way this this is
why I can't remember anything because my
entire head is filled with lyrics - they
might be giant songs but what accidently
stopped the game what'd you do that was
a mini game and I think accidentally
good and intended it but the buttons
great
they're not none of their songs are like
that's the thing about They Might Be
Giants and I think that's why they might
be giants gets a bad rap is people
assumed that their comedy songs but
they're not whimsical they're whimsical
songs but they're just like they're not
meant to be funny except for the ones
that are you know like they have that
song about the Sun is massive
incandescent gas which is also a cover
apparently but that was just kind of a
one-off or the or the update to that the
Sun is a miasma of incandescent plasma
okay because what they realized is after
the Sun is a massive incandescent gas
came out scientists discovered that the
Sun actually has very little gas on it
it's all it's all plasma it does not
have the same ring to it huh it does not
have the same ring of course not but
they wanted to be scientifically
accurate
I get that it does not have the same
ring to it that's true it's very true
but I think I've memorized their entire
discography not including anything after
the year 2000 that's that's my problem
is so much of my brain is pho is focused
on remembering they might be giants
lyrics that I can't remember whether
it's Kate Blanchet or Kate Beckinsale in
thor ragnarok that's my problem
that's 100% my problem but I'm gonna be
okay with that because I love they might
be giant so much the head their songs
are so I mean whimsical might be the
best way to put it there there's a
documentary out about them called the
tale of two John's okay and it's
basically just it's almost like a
feature-length behind the music like oh
how they got together how they were
started writing songs together their
journey through
I don't get the title it'll now really
funny you know just their journey at
making music and they finally get to the
part where they're like so your your
songs are about random ass things right
like they have a song about James K poke
the James K poke presidency they have a
song song about a shoehorn
they have songs about all sorts of wacky
and mysterious things and so they're
like well how why do you write songs
like this and they go that's what we
write about and that was it like it's
never mentioned again
I think they're just musicians and they
they're they just like whatever
burps out of them they write about oh
the bloodmobile yeah they're their
science their science is a real album
here comes science
it's one of their kid albums here comes
the 1 2 3 s here comes the ABCs and here
comes science they have a whole song
about what blood does in our body it's
called the bloodmobile it's the delivery
service inside us the bloodmobile the
bloodmobile a delivery service inside us
it's great they have something about an
electric car so there's just there's no
way I can concentrate on this game and
you know that and and you know what you
know what that's fine rich because now
I'm remembering they might be giants on
so basically this entire stream will be
me remembering and singing they might be
giant songs you're welcome and or I'm
sorry as let's say something similar
yeah ah why is that backwards
what turning the camera left and right
always somehow did you invert a
horizontal try that huh no I didn't hurt
her I didn't vert anything or you need
to invert or horizontal no way that
looks right well that's not inverted
left and right is notice it's not
inverted and an E and you want it
inverted left and right now I never
invert left and right left just heating
right is making her look left no hit
hitting hitting right going right is
making her look left moving right moves
the camera right you need to invert it
if you want it the way you will want it
normally I'm saying this is funky do you
not agree that that is funky usually the
it is deef by default the other way okay
yes thank you that's all I was trying to
fucking say oh I'm sorry I didn't know
what you were looking for it I didn't
know you're looking for here rich I'm
sorry I'm busy remembering they might be
giants lyrics which is far more
important
is that preferable yes that's that's
much preferable okay Jack what about the
yes and that I was trying to help I was
trying to help rich they're trying to
help bridge let's see here visceral
attacks on stairs says hi Jill and Mac
I've been loving Zelda best of the wild
but I recently lost two weeks worth of
game progress due to my Wii U over
writing my data how do I cope with this
loss
lol sorry my Kate well what happened his
Wii U their Wii U visceral attacks on
stairs over wrote their save data
somehow I'm very very sorry
and the only thing you can do is when
you get back up your own saves but plays
you can't do that the console um I
wonder if you could can you can you
attach any sort of external harddrive
device to your Wii U to make sure that
this does not happen in the future I
don't know how that works
yep
they're saying combo the wall
going keep going oh you did it people in
the chat visceral attacks on stairs are
saying that you can use USB storage on
the WiiU so in the future it might be
good to backup your saves if you are
able to do that so I'm very sorry you
can only play more I know rich how are
you coming on your second playthrough ah
give me another day or two I'll be done
nice nice dish stirrer says speaking of
beat-em-ups with female protagonists and
the irrelevant plots there's a
little-known free PC in der game indie
game called wandering souls that you
guys should try it's great and would
make a fun stream familiar let's sound
familiar oh I have so many things on my
lap if you are noticing a frame per
second glitch that is probably only on
stream the eye I read about this the
developers are saying this gets a
buttery smooth 60 frames per second and
everything that rich has been doing
today has looked pretty smooth watch any
any lag I put fraps on it I don't know
huh you don't want the fraps out make
sure but enough perhaps right now sure
but I'm someone is mentioning that it
this looks bad but it doesn't it does
not look bad to us so that might just be
the stream every once in a while that
will happen is what you guys see in OBS
isn't exactly what we see on screen
sure hold on I'm going to look up that
wandering Souls wondering
oh man during souls is how you pronounce
these I spelled Jack I've got a giant
key sword what that's that is key and a
sword that's great you're an earring um
uh what's that game with the Final
Fantasy you're in Kingdom Hearts now I
don't see no wandering souls sorry
gobbledygook says hey guys I went to see
chips the other day chips is that
actually out up apparently the Dax
Shepard and other guy remake of the
classic TV show yeah
and passed by the Toys R Us and there
was a big line of people getting
switches I got another one do you want
to give a one away to a viewer no
gobbling hooks I will leave that look at
how naked she is I will leave that up to
you guy all the cooks you can do another
giveaway stream we're pretty bad at
giveaway streams we've tried many yeah
and then we always just forget so you
can do like mega hair moves yeah
Oh oh my god then you get extra naked
how fun jack that's half the reason why
you play bayonet always for the is for
the get naked hair moves well great well
great
let's see your loss and Technicolor says
tyka wat titty riches having a lot of
fun tika oh god I'm not going to know
how to pronounce his name the guy who's
directing Thor Ragnarok is so talented
and creative and funny I've been a fan
of his since Eagle versus shark can't
wait for Ragnarok I'm not even that big
a fan of comic book movies it just looks
like so much fun it it really looks it's
it's such a interesting contrast between
you know Justice League and like there
is genuine there looks like there's
genuine fun in Ragnarok and of course
you know a a Thor Hulk buddy team up
movie is exactly the kind of thing that
we need it looks great it looks like
it's another one of those that's going
to try to keep Marvel fresh keep it
interesting visually a lot of people
complain about the Marvel movies not not
going outside of their comfort zone a
lot and this looks closer to guardians
which i think it's till uses the the
classic guardians use a classic rock
zone yeah for the trailer but hey you
know whatever works you know what's what
ever works who however you pronounce his
name tikka wat TT y TT i have no idea
how you pronounce his name i'm so sorry
is very talented from what i have seen
I'm really looking forward to just I
love the way she boobs honestly look at
that ass that's great I just keep the
exaggerated
why yeah it's great the catwalk they've
made a character mm-hmm their motion
character motion or motion you
understand what she's about just by
watching her walk absolutely I'm with
you rich tyke ah what titi what this
downs
teaming with Hammond little helpers it's
making my buddies downstairs awfully
nervous and your point is
Jack the song of the trailer is the same
one they use for Wonder Woman thoughts
on that being a middle finger from
Marvel to DC is that true it when they
they use um what's what song is that it
but they come from the land of the ice
and snow Oh
what song is that I don't know but they
use them songs for Wonder Woman did they
use ice no no and what does what does
the connection here where's the end what
does the slide at Wonder Woman so they
used that song that whatever the song
that is yeah I don't know what song that
is I'm not I'm not a huge fan the
immigrant song is that Led Zeppelin
yeah I'm not I'm not a big fan of
classic rocks okay um yeah okay the
immigrant song Led Zeppelin thank you
ever so they use that song in the thor
ragnarok trailer that's the main song in
the Thor trailer apparently they also
use that in the Wonder Woman trailer so
they're wondering if that is a big
middle finger from Marvel to DC I'm
going to say yes another very aware of
trailers I also just believe that that
song is about four is it the immigrant
song like like Marvel stores
specifically no like Thor the God of
Thunder okay I think it's just about
Thor
well we'll see well the immigrant song
is about Vikings okay wait he comes from
the land of the items no no they're
using it because it's an on the nose
song with Viking lyrics it's about
Viking sailing to America okay Jack Jack
knows nothing haven't we been through
that already haven't we been fucking
through that already oh also I don't
think they I don't remember that I don't
remember that in the Wonder Woman
trailer
so tell tells you tells you all about
tell tell that tells you how good how
good that song worked there hold on
we're gonna watch the trailer but uh if
it is a if it is a middle finger to DC I
think it's unintentional I suppose bod
react to the trailer right now I will
show rich the trailer when we take a
break rich does need to see it in Jack's
defense Vikings are constantly
referencing Thor sure maybe I just said
I'm not a fan of classic rock I know he
said they say we come from the land of
the ice and snow and in the first Thor
movie they were fighting frost giants so
Luke ooh that's all like that's all I
got I didn't use that song and Wonder
Woman trailer it's just her theme from
Batman vs Superman oh yes oh oh yes
Wonder Woman has that awful ugly
sounding theme that sounds a lot like
the wine
but hers goes like it sounds different
that's what it was so they did not use
that song in the Wonder Woman trailer
that's just her stupid theme that just
sounds stupid
awful ugly sounding theme you mean her
voice it's not that bad no her stupid
like with the chunky guitar and the
vocal part to it oh I hate her her the
Wonder Woman theme music I mean there's
so many bad things about Batman vs
Superman but that's up there and then
they used it again in her trailer awful
awful awful awful
so who wins between Thor and Wonder
Woman I would love to see that fight
my guess is Wonder Woman Thor Thor has
gotten his ass handed to him by some by
some regular folk so I'm gonna give that
straight-up to Wonder Woman can we just
get a full stream of me making noises
absolutely Thor fucking wins she fucked
that she did fuck up Ares one day is
just a mud goddess Thor is a God Wonder
Woman is a demigoddess Thor can't fly on
his own Thor needs manure and horror to
fly Wonder Woman can fly so she'll
she'll have the movement advantage right
she has more tools at her disposal she's
got the gauntlets and she's got
everything right yes fine everything
fine
everything on the up-and-up we've now
moved on to who would win in a fight ah
Thor the Wonder Woman Thor the Wonder
Woman for versus Wonder Woman or by the
way that's a fight a lot of people would
pay to see is knew Jane Foster Thor
versus Wonder Woman but Thor versus
Wonder Woman the god of thunder
versus the the the daughter of Zeus no
she's been at a clay by what's her face
doesn't Helena Athena Athena well you
know what it depends on which backstory
working with she was made up thing I
don't the friggin head of Amazon Island
who I can't remember a damn name but
Rose she was formed of Hipple oh that's
a pip Allah knew knew continuity
is that she's the she's the half
daughter of Zeus oh why did you see I
never know which character this way man
that fun adventure that happened did
that man Lourdes but a racist I was just
reading an article there they are
after the clusterfuck that was new 52
there their rican jiggering the universe
again so Superman's backstories getting
altered again fuck off everything do you
see I can I ever get invested in any
repair history is constantly changing Oh
Thor true you know what I suppose you're
right yeah as long as we're here taking
a break wait how long have we don't I
don't know how to compare their various
their strengths I'm not sure who was
stronger physically I'm not sure who was
faster physically I know Wonder Woman
can actually fly that's doesn't Thor
technically just throw his hammer around
yes and so I gave I gave movement speed
to Wonder Woman because she can fly okay
so she's maneuverability maneuverability
she's more agile um Thor send down
Lightning Thor can send down lightning
she's got her gauntlets which are
impenetrable but she also is bulletproof
so store so sort right well those are
things she's tough she's a tough lady
she can hang with Superman she can hang
with Superman like I'm actually not sure
who was actually more powerful her or
Superman even right and so was Superman
I mean it's always Superman because it's
always Superman but that's what I'm
saying is her versus Thor is he she
might win she might she well I wouldn't
know I'd give it I wouldn't put that so
if I had to coin toss it I'd give it to
Wonder Woman is what I'm saying
skip flight stuff like I don't I don't
know the relative strengths like I have
no idea on those kind of power levels
but she can fly he can I know the
lightning makes up for that I don't know
if you can hit somebody with lightning
when they're flying don't you have to be
grounded well he's like if we're going
by the movies in in Avengers he was able
to like I guess I'm lightening up his
hammer and shooted it thing yes so he
might be able to hit her with lightning
lightning
doesn't work that way you're right rich
fucking doesn't work you're right
lightning doesn't work that way that
whole movie is now ruined Thor can fly
Thor I thought doesn't he use his hammer
to fly
yes Thor cannot fly he has to swing his
hammer or is that all they change that
they probably changed that right I'm
going off of movie continuity okay
fourth or in the movies Thor whips his
ham around and that's how he flies it up
he can go he can go far but he he's got
a wind-up you know and then like midair
he has to wind up again and change
directions whereas Wonder Woman can just
please he fly anywhere she wants yeah
yeah yeah currently Thor can fly in the
comics is this is why everything changes
okay here's what we're gonna do you know
what Thanos fits in both OH
Thanos is what we're gonna hear Zorgon
do we've been streaming for a little
over an hour we're going to take a break
so we have a cut point for the YouTube
videos later and I'm gonna make rich
watch the four Ragnarok trailer and then
we'll be back so we will be back in just
a moment is this giving me a headache
trying to concentrate on this game and
concentrate on talking to you it really
is I'm not good at that okay did you
want it over for bit sure I can I'm sure
what what I'm not thoroughly enjoying
this
it looked by the way I can always tell
when you are thoroughly enjoying games
because you stopped paying attention to
me that's how I might fight I think if
it's a game where I need to concentrate
like something like you know legs old is
a bit slower I can talk in place
although yeah apparently yeah yeah this
I can't do that I can't do that
oh it's not I'm not I'm not it's there's
more to it than just right I mean you
probably could play it that way but
there's lots of neat dodging and bullet
skills and combs no and I'm not taking
offense I like I'm saying I can tell you
enjoy me okay hey we'll be right back
and first I'll take off the camera and
then I'll mute us
you
we're unmuted yet Jack totally totally
needed to leave our mics on totally
needed to leave our mics on uh that that
got a big pop out of me I rich rich
screamed and laughed a class
let though oh sure totally call oh
that's gonna be the hole there's gonna
be the hole Anna's gonna be the hole
yeah they don't battle world but his
reaction when you know when the reveal
happened yeah that's what made it the
that was perfect chris hemsworth being
super excited to go to year before right
he and his friends are the home I know
him he's a friend from work know like
that the the bright colors the the
trailer is definitely going for a
Guardians
you feel it yes definitely going for
guardians feel but you know what it also
feels it feels vibrant I don't care cuz
it looks fun right
I love the alien looks jeff goldblum
that hella outfit with the big horns
looks awesome
yes yes looks fucking awesome I what you
muted the middle of what you were saying
I don't okay it does start with the
classic you're probably wondering how I
got in this situation yeah they didn't
need that they didn't need that which
I'm not like which is so which is so
cliche at this moment in time I almost
wonder if it's a joke that didn't land
quite right the record scratch I guess
you're wondering how I got here is so
cliche that I I can't believe they
didn't do that on ironically huh but it
looks like they did you know what's what
comes up first the Ragnarok or you know
Thor 3 or whatever it's called
yeah or guardians to guardians guardians
comes out in May gardens comes out next
month okay Ragnarok comes out November
when does infinity war start gooo why we
guardians in the Thor are they going to
meet up is that how they're gonna get
dragged into infinity war oh are they
gonna say are they gonna rescue meet up
with or around the battle planet or
something
or the very least at the end as part of
the tease but probably I mean we already
got a mild Doctor Strange spoilers
sharanam shit I'm just warning everyone
else Doctor Strange spoilers now when I
wave my hands no more is the
post-credits sequence for Doctor Strange
yeah was Thor on earth saying he was
looking for he was looking for Odin
okay talking to dr. strange and Doctor
Strange spoilers so guardians we might
get a post-credits a well the guardians
were doing first we're gonna we're gonna
weren't you sure sure so so then the
question is is there a is there a Thor
pop up in the trailer for error in the
post-credits for guardians and then do
the guardians show up in for no I'm not
I'm not sure exactly how you do that
right but I got a feeling that's how
they're going to merge the guardians
characters into our other Marvel heroes
yeah and they're gonna they're gonna
meet that it
Oh cause we're saying guardians to first
then spider-man then Ragnarok then Black
Panther then infinity war okay black
panther performed war wait well if you
remember Civil War that's where all the
heroes are at the moment true so they
got it they got a rebel that and getting
a Captain America back yeah yeah yeah it
makes sense
everyone's in Wakanda at the moment so
at very least they need a black panther
movie to bring everyone back in what
condom you saw Civil War it I saw Civil
War there in I forgot where they were at
the end where they were kinda yeah I
just don't remember oh sure yeah well
the only thing I remember I remember
they were in prison than Captain America
shows up to get them out and Tony Stark
doesn't do anything to stop them right
well Captain America at very leases in
Wakanda Captain America and the Winter
Soldier in Wakanda okay that that's part
I didn't remember oh okay
I didn't see it I just I I assume
ant-man went back to do his ant-man
thing and also assumed that Falcon is
with Captain Nemo condo a man's criminal
now huh yeah man's criminal again he's a
little more his criminal gun man that's
true that's true
but you know what that's true but but
here's the thing about comparing and
contrasting because someone made an
obvious joke later saying that it's
exactly the same as the Justice League
trailer you can how is this exactly the
same that was dark
dang it was addressing oh it was
obviously a joke they said this is
exactly what I see people say the
dumbest things all the fucking times I
believe in my heart that it is a joke
rich it has to because no one can be
that dumb they still go to see the DC
movies yes they can't be that dumb ha ha
ha
but the the tone of the Thor movie is
correct even though like you know you
have dark times you have violence it's
all about this overarching light tone so
when Thor is really happy and there's a
little joke bit it makes sense within
the overall tone bright colors fun music
action adventure tone not done and like
a lot of it is just in the look Zack
Snyder movies look like mud they look
ugly blue mud blue and tib teal and
orange mud teal and orange mud in any
case let's get back to playing the game
all right so my plan are you want to
give this shot I'll get a job I'm just
gonna button mash that was fun but
sailor kitchen CI kitchen we have a
laptop that's right there in front oh
yeah it's right it's right there in
front of you rich hold on desktop audio
is not on you guys like to hear this
game now desktop audio is on and you
know I would have left at very least our
camera and audio on for Rich's reaction
I wasn't expecting it to be that
positive for a Thor but uh the reason I
didn't is because I didn't want to get
dinged I didn't want to get I didn't
want to get copy written write dinged
yeah which would have happened where we
leave off with
ups with the taps
this one is our next one hey Preston
Freeman tsa's thanks rich I watched Star
Trek the motion picture for the first
time after avoiding it for years yeah
probably the best Star Trek movie though
Conn may be a better general audience
movie that said six is still my favorite
yeah no I I think I think Cohn is the
better movie all around but the motion
picture might be the best Star Trek
movie because it actually it actually
has themes about you know first contact
discovering the unknown uncovering a
mystery we have to use our brains to
figure out what this thing is
yeah it's it could use and edit it could
use a trim but I'll agree with that Stan
I'm not saying it isn't slow a spot okay
that's fair then we then I can agree
with that Conn is easily the more
entertaining movie the motion picture is
great to have on in the background when
you're doing something it is in part
because it's low hmm yeah I agree
I'm with you space yep it's all space
vaginas it's it's 20 minutes of glamour
shots of the movie version of the Star
Trek Enterprise and then the rest of the
movie is face vaginas space booms and
it's it's I've gone over this before
fuck I'll do it again it's it's a
fucking rebirth metaphor not a vagina
metaphor that's a birth metaphor there's
a vagina involved rich it that movie
cares about sex insofar as it involves
the rebirthing process right here I've
talked about this them this this the
movie starts okay and Star Trek as we
know it is effectively dead and like you
know 15 years after the series have been
cancelled and and story-wise like Kirk
hasn't been a captain in here he's been
an admiral and he's not
and Spock has moved on Spock Spock is
trying to completely get rid of his
humanities the Spock as we know him is
he's no more bones he's he's left
Starfleet he doesn't give a shit and the
enterprise are old familiar enterprise
yeah it's not our old familiar
enterprise anymore it's been it's been
taken apart Jack and you know what it
doesn't even fucking work anymore
is that true yeah it's not sure like
then try to transport somebody any
fucking dies well but Dad it's not ready
yet basically when the movie starts all
of old Trek as we know it is it's gone
oh and Kirk is the the bitterer like he
played he was a high school quarterback
and he longs for the old days cuz he's
selling shoes now he wants to be in the
captain's chair again but he doesn't
really belong there all right he kind of
steals command from from Captain
pedophile I guess it's hard to watch
that movie now because what's-his-face
was he was a pedophile Oh was he
no and Kirk doesn't really belong there
he's doing when Kirk is doing the wrong
thing okay like he should be the captain
he almost gets the crew killed a couple
of times because it's not his old ship
anymore
that time has passed right then we come
to the magic space womb right and
suddenly everything changes because V
juror represents the rebirth it's the
rebirth the Star Trek the enterprise
goes into the space womb and then
suddenly Kirk gets his mojo back out of
nowhere
he's made decisions that almost got them
killed before now he's suddenly being
Kirk again
Spock rediscovers his human half that
that kind of gave him his wisdom bonesy
he wants to be a part of the crew again
you know if everything changes once they
get to VTR it's like it's like the womb
that rebirth Star Trek and at the end of
that fucking movie it's like the
dramatic music and the enterprise comes
out of the space woman they're all
joking around like normal
like the old series because the whole
thing is fucking rebirth metaphor I've
explained that better elsewhere know
jack is not listening cuz the game is
engrossing no I I i by the way I
listened to your entire Star Trek rant
about it being a rebirth metaphor about
how Kirk wasn't a good captain about how
bones has gone about how Spock lost his
humanity and then they got rebirth and
everyone was how they were again
I was absolutely paying attention 100%
of them I had nothing to contribute as
I'm not as big of a Star Trek fan Jesus
Christ geez you're you're a very big
Star Trek fan and I did not want to
encroach on your Star Trek fandom you
were going on a little Star Trek rant
there and I didn't want to I didn't want
it to be like my rant you know Star Trek
the motion picture review with rich it
it's almost happened a few times with me
and Mike and I don't know why the fuck
it hasn't I really don't know not
necessarily the motion picture but
Star Trek something or other I think
he's just saving it haha I honestly do I
think he's just saving it okay is there
a way to heal cuz I would really like to
do that
awesome spot here completely lost spot
ragged Kira says I know you guys are
obsessed with although but I hope you
give ban at us sometime you could put
rocket launchers on your hands and feet
fight two-headed dragons and punch of
God across the solar system I don't I
don't doubt it does this game looks like
a lot of damn fun mm-hmm we'll see we'll
see what happens I mean we it's about
time to start reviewing something I
don't know what the fuck it's gonna be
right that's the that's the problem like
we we want to do another episode like
Zelda was a big episode and of course
right before that we had another one
right before that we don't know so I was
like we're looking for something to
review right now rich what's Dodge right
trigger that was my problem is I wasn't
dodging it all during bad and I think
you could just hit it while standing
still - I don't think it's like dodge
left dodge right they just do okay great
let's treat you know what let's try that
again now that I know how to dodge rich
honest question what do you think is dip
between the motion picture and Blade
Runner that you love the former and
think the latter is boring cuz Star Trek
the motion picture is slow but things
happen we go to VG we we we've Spock
Spock sees the Holograms inside meteor
that the probes can things happen but
they happen slowly Blade Runner not much
happens the entire damn film of
consequence it it just loves it smooth
it's you know what our setting look at
our mood and I'll agree with rich it's a
different kind of slow I you know I like
Blade Runner I'm a big fan of Blade
Runner but it is it is a different kind
of slow
oh by the way yeah with dodge this is a
much much easier I just did not know how
to do that before
rich hates anything different
that's true let's remember things I like
I whatever whatever man I don't like
this weapon how do I not use this weapon
Blade Runner brings up great themes
about humanity and what it means to be
human
yeah artificial intelligence and it
doesn't explore any of them in any
meaningful way it's it's it's Harrison
Ford moping around and going to places
in the Hunter how're mopes around goes
to places Wow a little bit more than
that but oh I dodged goddamnit I doubt
it I did not dodge that that lyric says
wretch checkout me first and the Gimme
gimmies you might like their beat
oh no they do fast Punk covers of songs
like city of New Orleans
alright I could I could stand have you
ever heard me first in the gimmicky
piece probably not there they are a
passe ska punk band of and vast like The
Ramones are like faster a little faster
than the Ramones and yeah they do they
do humorous Punk covers of classic songs
they have a great musicals album where
they do musical you know brain drop ten
roses and whiskers on kittens
it's hilarious my first job it was one
of the songs they were playing the PA
not not their version of the city of New
Orleans City um oh yeah I wouldn't I
wouldn't mind hearing a super-fast pun
cover that that could be fun yeah
they're you know what they're fun band
kal-el live says signing off now because
sleepy highly recommend watching the
shows of garam Lee ham but I was
corrected by job uh tip to thank for all
the great entertainment over the years
you guys are awesome
well thank you person who is not here
anymore because you want to sleep about
an hour ago we appreciate it very much
true if you ever hear this whoo what am
I doing this
Oh your hair made a monster yay
that is sweet hey by the way dodging in
this game is really important I just we
need to put that up point that out to
everyone dodging is important in many
games Jack and I what that first my
first playthrough I didn't know there
was a Dodge button and that's why I did
so poorly many apologies to people who
like this game oh yeah this is fun this
is good dumb fun man it's fun dumb fun
this wouldn't happen to be the Wii U
version would it my note would not I
don't know there's the first one on the
Wii U I know they didn't Bayonetta 2 is
it on the way you oh I don't know
Bayonetta 2 is Bayonetta mm the only
place you get Bayonetta 2 right um
this is the Steam version which without
much fanfare came out like what a few
days ago or something like just
yesterday like all the sudden it was
like no one knew this was happening
until it popped up on the Steam new
releases list yeah Platinum did no
advertisement they just said hey here's
a game so we're playing this on Wii U
we're pregnant on PC Wow not that we you
we're playing this on PC and it's
running fairly smoothly I'm not noticing
any big hiccups if you guys see anyway
we talked about this earlier if you see
any kind of framerate drops that might
be OBS
oh yes put him a little guillotine april
fools
8-bit bayonetta oh that's true there was
that I didn't see that there was the the
Megaman Rio yeah we looked at that Oh
was that unable full thing maybe maybe
oh no I wanted that ax they put out a
Megaman like Bayonetta one level yeah
yeah but I guess everyone just thought
that was a one-off joke but apparently
it was it was a precursor how funny mr.
Bhagwat spob says did you happen to read
my friend's comic book about the girl
who kills men with orgasms off girl and
if so what did you think of it I did
what did you think Jack I did not like
it you did not like I did not like it I
thought the art was really kind of bland
and it was hard to tell characters apart
and the story was too ambiguous I didn't
understand her power set or what she was
trying to accomplish or what she was
like as a person note to viewers if you
send in a piece of art or media that you
have created to a group of people who
review things there's no guarantee your
heart won't be crushed
we are very critical people by nature
and here's the thing if you just send us
something and we don't like it we won't
say anything if you notice I haven't
said anything about off girl for a while
but if you ask us directly we'll answer
and I just did not much care for it and
I'm really sorry but honest feedback is
better than lies that's true that is
absolutely true someone sent me a little
video they made today they said hey me
and a group of friends made a video I'd
love to know what you think of it and it
was a little like a two-minute zombie
short a funny he's Amba short and you
know what really good it was really good
I got backed I was like hey that's
really funny I enjoyed that there are
eight but there is no guarantee that we
will enjoy anything you send us yeah so
we are critical assholes people of
people have asked us to you know we've
read me look at my this or that before
or not I said once or twice like like if
we do that we're gonna be brutally
honest we're gonna tell you what we
think right but back in the day backyard
but before there was a you jack
before there was Amelia wasn't you I
don't believe in um telling me and
Michael making videos website we've met
Jay on rewind video yeah bunch of people
who you know in the days before YouTube
he'd send tapes to each other you know
they're all amateur people making stuff
they're video cameras right right
nobody was willing to be honest oh no
it's great this is great you watch it it
was fucking awful sure their ocean but
we do I'm just doing it for fun
right and nobody's willing to fucking be
honest with anybody else and Mike gave
an honest review to somebody's video I
was like you know I'm doing a review
it's gonna be honest it was fucking
furious with him for being honest
because he wasn't being supportive thank
you sure sure when what he was doing was
in fact more supportive because this is
shit you happy you know no you're don't
live in your bubble you're doing this
this this wrong yeah you got a long way
to go yeah yeah yeah did they did not
want them not like hearing that that did
not go over well I'm sure I'm sure can I
go over it now I can't how do i I just
have to shoot him
you know and and by the way criticism is
a part of it and if you can if you can
take criticism and you know learn from
all the shitty makers we've all made
shitty things oh sure but you know you
don't make shit but hopefully you learn
from making shitty things and make
better things right yep
mic reviewed what No believe it or not
most of you know what it is
hahaha do you know what it is I know it
is you you know I'm not gonna name it
but if you just think about it enough
and if you're familiar enough with what
we've done you know what it is you can
put it together I don't necessarily
understand how to do this segment
I have like a super missile rich um I
know there's a meter if I can fill up
but I don't know about any missiles yet
okay did we break the wheel on purpose
or did it just happen it just happened
honestly I was I was very annoyed when
it happened I could tell I could tell in
the video cuz it was dumb it was just
fucking stupid evil eye dad for what now
I got no wheel it you know like he was
really excited he got the video he
wanted I know
why'd he have to knock it over huh why
do you have the knockin Oh apparently
because he saw me do it three years ago
and wanted to get in on the action
everyone has to lock the goddamn wheel
over listen when I knocked it over I had
a purpose because I hated the wheel it's
all your fault apparently yeah
apparently it's all my fault
this monster Lister I should not have
let you have the project i justwe know
what it's too late now that's fine
because I'm really enjoying this game
and I can talk and play this Danielle
seems I know it was so hard for me to
have any kind of a conversation right
like this so that's what you which is a
compliment to bayonet up right oh I want
to go there and fight the monster for
real but it's not letting me it's a
little annoying that you can only shoot
this thing
oh wait didn't I see somewhere you could
aim your gun
was there you saw that I didn't get that
yet because I'm I'm nailing the witch
time here but then like if I could like
aim it at the jewel I think I could kill
him a lot faster go further into tunnel
I think you just need to go do more
things yeah yeah I mean except for like
I know I'm cheese in this but I'm doing
really well uh yeah yeah I might just
see if I can continue doing this all
right all right I know this is a total
cheese but oh and actually look it's
gonna make me go to the next section
Oh or or I won thank you very much
oh no look the cutscene is in the next
section
I just cheesed it the cutscene was in
the next section you bastard
huh you bet I'm a dumb a cheese and
bastard I'm gonna be okay with that
Dubey sandwich says do be sandwich hey I
have you heard of the sexy brute ale
it's a murder-mystery pc game with a
unique time-travel mechanic that certain
press says is great by the way
harlech curious how did you get away
from the farm my family moved because
the because well too much no I want to
say we moved because um there weren't I
did we move we move because of the
schools I want to say I have brothers
and sisters and the schools in the farm
area weren't that good and so we moved
to a better school district okay it like
it was a really dumb reason and we moved
into the suburbs and my mother who also
grew up on a farm grew up on the farm
next door to the farm that I grew up on
because that's where my grandparents
lived I hated it so much she moved out
like a couple years later but by that
time we were already enrolled in that
nice
schools so then we just had a really
long commute every day into school so
that that's there's no like I didn't
move away from the farm mmm I moved you
know my family did but I would have
liked to think that I would have moved
down I did get out of the suburbs as
fast as fucking possible as soon as I as
soon as I could get out on my own I got
right out of them burbs
protip pressed down while running to
spin - through enemies what I'm reading
it's all right
oh I don't have enough money for those
cool and by the way I'm not at all
familiar with the sexy GU tale
okay not her that for oh and by the way
I do know how to play the banjo I've
been teaching myself how to play the
banjo
you know why a banjo huh the banjo Jack
I've been teaching myself how to play
the banjo I do
Danah dan dan dan dan dan dan dan who
air dodge i want that dodging enemy
attack while in mid-air yes
absolutely they're saying you want to
buy air - yes yes by the way I knew that
as soon as I saw zit I knew that as soon
as I saw Zig anonymous says rich in the
last wheel of the worst where was Mike's
worm in the song he sang the location of
his worm got bleeped out we need to know
where the worm is I honestly have no
recollection of what he actually says
and it's bleeped out because it's funny
or so then it's probably disgusting
stated in the comments all the time why
are some words bleeped out in others is
that did you ever watch Jerry Springer
is my response cuz sometimes bleeping
makes it more fun yeah
an Irish burger from from legit talk
show to a brilliant deconstructionist
set tire to pathetic that was a period
there where Jerry Springer was just
brilliant and self-aware and performance
art yep yep there was a sweet spot
Anonymous's will we ever see farm safety
family-style I'm Gila the worst thanks
for the laughs
jizz I think I screened it once in which
is boring I believe you are correct it
was short and boring and there's really
not much we could have done with it yeah
you're fighting a God or Jesus or
something it kind of looks like I just
think it's a statue but what do you what
is he trying to accomplish here whoa
thoughts on the Maury Povich Show there
are only two episodes that's the problem
with the Maury Povich Show is you're not
the father or you are the father and I
don't know if he still does I haven't
seen Maureen ages it might be just the
year not the father show he just does
fraternity Justin I think is it a man or
a woman used to do that a lot like you
won't believe this drag queen is it is
this a real genetic woman or a drag
queen oh who knows it was just awful
sure that's awful
you can't handle me
Mora used to polygraph people I think oh
yeah okay okay now they did the one
thing we got the ratings and then that
was all they did whoo yeah super naked
attack lapis and away huh
did she slap his hand away she might
have I wasn't paying attention to that I
was just looking at the booty get out of
town I thought he reached fern she just
did a little hahahahaha this game as fun
as hell quite looks like the only
problem is my thumb is legitimately
hurting from a yeah which is great
that's the that's a great game she was
trying to grab her ass maybe chimp Omar
says chipotle ridge gun to your head
Star Trek Voyager Star Trek Enterprise
personally I think they both suck the
Voyager has at least one decent
character while enterprise is none you
can only you can only choose one to
watch forever why'd you have to put a
fucking gun to my head
the Asthma to choose between one of
these two like is it the only thing I
can watch ever at that point just pull
the trigger you know I didn't do so well
on the first one of those I got you know
what you only get eight bullets and I
will and I was just spamming okay so I
can't do anything um here's how it works
for some reason I eventually saw all of
the Voyager episodes and it's terrible
it
Voyager never even the best episode of
Voyager never cracks mediocrity okay um
that's true enterprise I quit four
episodes into the first season that bad
yeah yeah four episodes in the first
season I'm not doing this anymore
so yeah so you would take four yeah I
would take Voyager over at a price
that's fair the people and Rhys gets
better it gets better well they they
missed a fucking chance they blew it the
fucking blew it you know yeah the
Voyager had some had some good episodes
that had the doctor who was a fun
character and and you know what
he hadn't he was an interesting
character the holographic doctor who
wants to be a real person I don't know
if an entire show of characters and the
only interesting one is a computer
simulation of a human being well no no
you there were there was potential
Janeway I'm going to say and you know
this is going to come with a huge
asterisk Janeway was an interesting
character no Janeway was an interesting
actress no no Kate Mulgrew was great the
writers had no idea what her character
was that's the huge asterisk is in the
beginning those first couple of episodes
when they were going the the hard line
she wants to stick with Starfleet agenda
no matter what that could have been
interesting the problem was the foot
floppy Harry Kim there's an entire
fucking waste of a character right there
he was nothing he was nothing uh fucking
uh Chakotay he comes from a culture and
that's that's all the effort they
bothered to fucking put into it again
I'm gonna here's here's my asterisk is
our Trek has a rich history of diversity
it's like the original series like
diverse crew as a metaphor for unlike in
the future we get a round all of our
problems and we can all work together
was like a it was it was a fucking
statement and then it fucking did
evolved into what checkbox' didn't we
mark yet by the time they got an Indian
which Wendy I know Indian Indian Indian
Indian Indian the Checotah I hate
Chakotay Chakotay could have been good
though if you take Chakotay from those
first two episodes if he had a character
besides I'm from a culture he had a good
set up his ways what I'm saying
because his setup was former Starfleet
officer
gone rogue right there head-butting
could have been really great
when did they ever butt heads only
episode 1 that isn't that the fucking
problem episode 1 they butted heads
everything everything else the writers
had no fucking idea what to do with the
concept yep it was a great concept
here's a great concept
racism guys racism is taking a character
and saying Ah he's a Native American and
stopping there ha ha ha was fuckin
racist that you know what that is that's
um brown face right there that's all
that exactly he like oh he's Native
American I'm sure he knows about you
know sounds like got it old dream states
or something right didn't he have to go
on spirit question with people that's
fucking racist we're saying we want
Chakotay to be a fully realized
character oh we're stuck on a planet
I bet Chakotay that Indian knows how to
mix herbs together yeah huh I bet I bet
that has happened in an episode come on
you know what I'm gonna skip it how do
you do that you do that I'm gonna skip
it you know why because I don't care and
I don't care that you care and you know
what this is all terrible from Voyager
and yet every base is worse ha ha ha ha
when the moon shines bright in the sky
face a wall and press a to which walk
whoa oh my god oh my god this game is
insane we this is great how high do I
get to fight this bidding now do I want
to fight you I probably should've paid
attention in that cutscene you probably
want to fight her try fighting her yeah
you want a fighter
shit Oh Chevy don't want to fight her
she can't handle me she can't handle me
boom jay-ar our love Kraft says at work
the other day I'm at a 23 year old 23
year old girl who said she was super
excited for the Wonder Woman movie yeah
fans want DC EU to work so badly it
reminds me of my youth and all we had
was season 1 of TNG I'd say that's my
first impression when TNG came out I was
like it's not Kirk obviously it
eventually completely totally won me
over
oh sure and and I eventually understood
that Star Trek was a concept beyond just
most character but at first was an Alice
not Kirk or spa gonna care about these
guys my god I didn't start to like Susan
3 or so though I'm failing against this
lady
shit my Dodge game is not on point with
this lady
this is why we're would be good to learn
some of those other skills hey you know
what what you just picked up the
controller what you didn't even it you
didn't even get to go through the
tutorial you're doing great jack the
only problem is like my my dodge isn't
working with her I'm not I'm not getting
my yeah I know and I can't time it right
and so uh I'm not getting my which time
you know you get the slowdown which time
I thought I hated that time anonymous
says so my friend told me that Marvel is
the cinematic equivalent of McDonald's
as it is inoffensive
no no it's not that it's inoffensive
it's a uniform it's presented well sure
meanwhile he defends DC because they
take risks oh all right I don't know
what to say you guys help you know
there's no help I know who else takes
risks Arby's wait a minute what they've
got the beef rich Harvey's herpes I've
never heard that argument before about
Arby's
um DC isn't taking risks they're just
being stupid there's a difference isn't
there oh my boots because you can
doesn't mean you should right that's not
going to work
um rich do you rub cheeto dust on your
pants Oh kind of a rude thing to say not
that big on Cheetos in the grand scheme
of things yeah yeah whoa what's on you
on how much do I like the pants I'm
wearing
that's question well to whether or not
you rub cheeto does something yeah I
suppose yeah you know I guess I'm with
you where I'm just not a huge huge into
Cheetos it's never not ever rare now in
them it's really not that often sure I
think like it was like some nacho chips
kettle kettle clip chips if the question
is like do you rub shit on your pants
when it's on your hands it's like that
not often but you know what sometimes oh
did I do it oh by the skin of my fucking
teeth if you want if you want cheese in
a chip but I'll go with like a Dorito
and some kind of like dip I like rather
than that obnoxious orange ship
I like Cool Ranch Doritos man those are
those Doritos do you like to read oh yes
No Doritos are fine but like just some
mission chips sure mission chips are
good I don't know a mission they they're
a brand of just natural corn chip
okay tortilla chip the well one dr.
smoke trees is correct in saying that
like the entirety of the Marvel Universe
is in and of itself a creative risk yeah
the the idea of an interlocking movie
universe did not exist before the Marvel
Cinematic Universe that was a huge risk
yeah a risk by the way like I remember
in those early days I was thinking like
this isn't gonna work
comic really you're thinking that
wouldn't work here well I was wondering
why they didn't try sooner honestly here
was my thought process comic books have
this giant convoluted and ever-changing
history right not anymore
or well Oh ever changing ever changing
it's not convoluted because it's
different every few weeks no but that
means it's even more convoluted and so
my thought was how is a cinematic
universe going to work when they start
messing with everyone's backstories
which we just haven't gotten to yet
maybe they don't need to mess with
everyone's backstories they just get it
right the first fucking time how do i I
bought a lollipop how do i how do I
equip my lollipop is that a creative
whiskey they built a plan and executed
it I don't yeah I like I'm kind of a
Tiberius Kirk in the chapter I don't
know if that's a risk but it is an
innovation and that's certainly not in
the realm of inoffensive they did
something exciting that's not
inoffensive and bland
wait what Kevin Smith did it first guys
Oh glorified cameos to to to reoccurring
characters does not a universe Meg right
can I find the lolly to the d-pad I am
trying to do that okay so now what would
you think that I would press to bind it
to the d-pad rich a huh a then it goes
to use move the cursor over the step set
now hit eight there we go oh that was
fucking hard fuck bubblers is jack thank
you for all the editing work got a
compliment while you read thank you
you're welcome
set that's what I wanted welcome uh okay
waits creative risks I had more to say
about Marvel vs. DC so I think the
usually the the criticism against Marvel
is that all of their movies feel kind of
the same which is true
my only counter criticism to that is so
far all of the DC movies look all the
same they feel the same and they feel
the same and that that feeling is
depressed right and so you what you have
here is two universes that are kind of
the same but with Marvel we get
interesting high points we get guardians
we get great action with stuff like Iron
Man and Captain America we get neat
visuals like with Doctor Strange and
even though there are they are a little
bit homogenous you know what I would
actually call them I'd call them star
Buck's cuz you can go into any Marvel
movie and know exactly what you're gonna
get it might not be the highest quality
but it's pretty good and made by pretty
good people you say we're inoffensive
what I said if it is does it really
matter right um like you can go
elsewhere to be offended
DC is offensive in all the wrong ways
you know what if my intelligence
offensive to my anxiety as a fan of
these characters to my all of my senses
I hangers okay you know what Marvel is
inoffensive yeah but so what
but so what you know I'll be I'll be
with you on that rich okay so now exit
now I have the lolly so now if I go like
this I eat a lot of pop and I get my
health back
MC use in offensive because it's bland
it's not bland but it's not bland you
get good characters you get good action
you get interesting stories I think you
guys are crazy I think you guys are
looking for problems what is bland
what is cinematic with land what is
cinematically bland yeah points if it's
a superhero movie a cinematically bland
a superhero movie how about x-men 3 okay
how about the Wolverine which I haven't
seen oh you haven't seen yeah yeah that
to me the Wolverine or you know wolf or
is it just called Wolverine or what is
it called to remember Wolverine Origins
not or the Wolverine not Wolverine the
Wadena like the good one quote-unquote
before legacy either so right so that to
me was a neutered
Wolverine story Fantastic Four
Oh way better yeah both of the original
Fantastic Four movie yeah super bland
superhero movies x3 is painful not bland
I think it is Brandon Roth Superman is
just boring it's just boring as I yeah i
guess that's bland Green Lantern is just
too bad the Green Lantern crosses over
into bad territory oh wait wait at least
without using my witching power and the
moon is out I just learned how to do
this
haha which walk so there are plenty go
watch those fantastic four movies with
Jessica Alba then we can talk about
bland superhero movies The Wolverine is
pretty bland is pretty bland

[Part II]
pretty bland is pretty bland okay
Anonymous is rich and chat about No More
Heroes play both or just to like zone of
the enders also if one is needed ps3 or
Wii ps3 lets you stock power-ups warped
jobs and a retry option what say you
let's chat um I actually own the
PlayStation 3 version of No More Heroes
1 but I've never played it because I've
been I've been thinking maybe someday
I'll find a PlayStation Move on the
cheap oh sure that's a game I actually
kind of liked motions control motion
controls on and I don't want to play it
with a normal controller oh really they
do the finishing it's just like the
finishing moves it's not like every
attack is a waggle ah yeah ok
interesting and then your stance is like
which position you're holding it so
you're not switching like a button
you're like high and low attack hey I
don't mind the motion controls on No
More Heroes ok um so I haven't played
ps3 version I can't tell you the Wii or
the PlayStation 1 I'd say play ball most
fans seem to like one more we could not
not necessarily because the game played
because of the the characters the boss
characters have a little bit more depth
to them in one eye I think they're fine
in both games Oh what do you mean boss
characters Oh verses 1 & 2 like yeah oh
I'm sorry
I thank you the bosses as characters are
more developed in one ok they've got
like the scene that plays like before
and after guys a little bit goes a
little bit more in depth than what you
get in No More Heroes 2 I thought you
were still talking about whether to get
the Wii or PlayStation version you are
totally right I can see where that would
be confusing or apologize no problem so
most of the fans seem to appreciate No
More Heroes 1 um I think they have a
point but I think No More Heroes 2 is
still really good I recommend playing
both and it order well there you go and
on the weak
hahaha uh no I probably and I see in the
chat I probably won't do a blade to
review even though I'd love to because
we kind of covered most of the stuff in
the blade one review blade two is a
great movie though like watch blade
watch blade to stay away from blade
three blade two is the Guillermo del
Toro blade and so it's a little campy ER
and a little sillier but that may mark
Margaret Alice moonlights um Margaret
was her last names starlight moonlight I
forgot which was which but those two
implied to be sisters are fun and we
heard two's got forget his name the
horror game inspired one like you're
either the Jason kind of character with
the baby mask I don't remember his name
were you
like I said that has developed as
characters but I think uh some fine boss
fights no more hurdles to Matt Helms
that was it
Matt Helms that fight in No More Heroes
too is just a it's a good old-fashioned
brawl which I enjoy as a boss fight it's
not gonna recognize the pattern he's
doing the Special Attack now and there's
your opening it's just a he's got a
thing he's swinging around and you got a
thing you can swing around yeah fight
each other and it's a satisfying boss
fight jack okay
uh you know what in a creepy house with
a guy or the baby mask and a
flamethrower so that we we were talking
about we talked about that like in our
in our zelda review worth like sometimes
all you want is just a brawl yes why
don't more boss fights work out that way
well it's like the so far here we've
gotten a couple boss fights and you know
what they are here's the important part
of boss fights they should be the same
you or you should use the same moves
that you've been using all game but it's
just bigger and stronger that's what a
good boss fight is like the bosses here
in Bayonetta so far are the exact same
they're just bigger and they take more
temporal which powers I don't see any
helpful stuff in the chat so what I've
been trying to do is hit it and then use
my dodge to Dodge inside the wall but
that doesn't seem to be working anyone
have any ideas for temporal which powers
yeah which time is dodge but it's not
working find a way to trigger which time
yes I know temporal equals time thank
you
sounds risky
oh there was a bird there like a time
stop thing if you get like a certain
meter full oh geez wait there's this
bird I can try to catch okay great
uh well there's the time stuff thing if
you dodge at the right time right I know
there was an other I think it was
another one though oh let me just try to
dodge again and see if that works
nope dodge after creaming the wall or
there maybe into the statues there's a
statue sharam oh I had this happen once
fuck around these statues oh okay that's
yeah
walk up next one hit X lifted you're
gonna have to dodge a lightning bolt
perfect dodge the lightning bolt then
you get a long-lasting slow time oh okay
I was not I was there you go
what okay well at least we know what to
do now dodge it closer to the wall so
hit them run over there show that's why
I gave me the timer okay so okay cool I
get it now that's why it gives me the
timer nope they didn't get the lightning
to actually hit the thing - ooh me me me
kill two birds one stone that's a good
idea rich hey everybody I'm sorry I did
not know about the so statue thing yeah
Jack was not playing at that point I was
still playing remember I was reading
Chad and you know alright sorry Jen says
don't know if it's because I haven't
played fast games like this in a long
time or just aging but this almost
strains my eyes but the game does look
badass has that happened to you with
recent games I don't I don't think it's
getting older I I think it's because I
know what you've been doing lately I
think it's playing the Zelda game hahaha
every game has its own pace breath of
the wild is a much slower pace game than
this oh yeah and I can see where that
would be jarring
I just threw a car call probably didn't
want to do that
crawler Raptors is rich sorry for your
wheel shaped loss your vengeance showed
your vengeance showed in my impossible
ironman long war XCOM 2 opening mission
rookie rich Evans finished with 4 kills
and a promotion
Ricky Packard survived good work jack
I'm pretty good good work pretty good
Zach of the X's says I have been working
on a wheeeeel of the worst cosplay for a
convention at the end of the month
and now I have to worry about people
knocking me over Jack would have smiled
if he weren't playing I am it just took
me a little bit cuz I'm trying to figure
out how to concoct I understand I
understand the Ayatollah of rock and
roll up says I'm making a film list any
suggestions the genre is action hero
franchises that never made it past one
film buckaroo banzai Reno Remo Williams
Jake speed the January man F folks folks
folks I don't I mean I have never even
heard of this one and Quigley down under
well first one that came to my mind was
Remo Williams I get it yeah you like we
what was the one we watch best of the
worst which one with Stamos John Stamos
I didn't see that one John Stamos and
Jesus mo which is by the way coming out
on blu-ray soon yeah is um oh I don't
know I didn't see that one but that that
was totally an attempt at a franchise
that failed never too young to die
what's the hard do cobra I don't think
this can I don't think this is just an
action movie that only had one movie I
think they had they had to have had
plans for sequels I think this is the
head of the head of their mind this is
going to be the long-running franchise
and people were going to love this
character mmm I don't know if Cobra
really fits the bill well hey guys
what's is the heart to do I got a heart
thing I'm all out of health and I'm just
gonna die I guess I just need to accept
death that's what I really need to do I
just need to accept death
tango and cash
yeah maybe tango in cash they were
trying to make a series yeah I could see
that like the running man no no right
definitely not the running man okay jack
skips cutscene yes
um bradle 23 says banjos are cool as
hell
what kind of banjo music do you listen
to slash play I like I like bluegrass
I'm a fan of bluegrass music in general
but I don't know how to play anything
like that yet because I'm just you know
I'm just learning oh by the way Jack
yeah spin around the left stick and hold
down wire not necessarily hold down but
just start like mashing why just shoot
like a cat person yeah yeah that's fair
also when you do a combo yeah hold a
button at the end of the combo and
she'll just start unloading her gun to
their head or whatever nice has I've
been following the cicada 3301 puzzles I
I don't even know what that is well
there you go
like just like hold down one of the
buttons the middle of a comment like
that nice all kinds of fun shit you can
do mash mash I didn't call on him I
remember I did Sri Chen says also
speaking of being very simple I'm glad
you did not completely crush my prereq
Toto rich and Jack Jack Ryan oh no that
was cute balls cute anyway good stream
have a good day I think I may go nap
soon you're likely already napping
though how long it takes us good thank
you very much anonymous sense good sirs
you as a horizon zero dawn death hey if
every week you know we don't have a
confirmation well if you I was a great
fucking game I was so certain you two
would hate the game I am really glad to
see you guys enjoyed it it's that kind
of support keeps us going on our end
Cheers thank you if that is you
obviously you know you're anonymous we
have no idea who you are but hey that's
a nice setting it's a neat robot fights
only only issue is I can't stand
precision aiming with the mouse we still
we're still getting comments rich about
you buying one of those goddamn hundred
and fifty dollar mouse which Sony could
brick at any moment with a firm world of
course how I dodged that oh I did not
dodge that barring a boo-boo you can't
handle this I'm fucking awesome with
this game keep my hand fist eat it you
know what this games pretty funny
face it it needs to come to PC it's like
I think Sony just paid for it I don't
think that can happen Sony's not gonna
release a not BC no Sony smart and Sonia
says we need exclusives that's true it's
one of the it's one of the you know
right now that's that is a selling point
for yep even though I haven't like all
of their exclusives
yeah hello what born I don't know
horizon yeah they've they're they're
totally winning
you know the exclusive war with Xbox
right now oh fuck it Xbox doesn't have
any exclusives anymore because
everything comes to fuckin a PC halo oh
okay yeah yeah comes to PC sure sure yes
yeah but like ignoring that oh okay sure
like the Windows Store right okay
well count that as part of their
exclusive well you know halo
more halo halo halo halo never gonna not
be Halo and Gears yeah cuz we got well I
think titanfall is that a was an
exclusive did might be that none oh yeah
might not be they get titanfall I'm sure
they have other sectors exclusive I
think titanfall one was an Xbox
exclusive is - I assume ok ok
I assume titanfall 2 was on ps4
oh well then nevermind titanfall was on
PC 2 item but everything Xbox is now
though with their Windows Store thing
well that's just saying amongst the
consoles sure but but like that's part
of my point which is like they've
incredibly screwed the pooch as far as
people buying one of their consoles if
you could or if you could if you took PC
out of it I would never do that because
I'm a die-hard PC guy right um you only
get a PlayStation 4 Xbox one and you
know that's where you're looking at
exclusives add yeah
Sony's ahead right oh of course I mean
as you're as far as boring as fuck oh I
didn't mind gears 1 & 2 right no get
gears for his Uncharted level
is uncharted level and PlayStation has
horizon just for us boring
uncharted doesn't even like having
gameplay wishes it didn't have to have
gameplay i barely count gears honky
boring fuckin brother and walk around
and pretend you're playing a game cuz
action set-pieces happened and you're in
control of very little
oh the give the gears gameplay was so
boring and this is the app but it was
sure it was a shooter straight straight
through yeah it wasn't pretending to
have a weak-ass shooter
it wasn't pretending to have story set
pieces sure there's just a weak shooter
mmm
yeah it's a weak shooter yeah okay I
guess I can be with you what about last
of us - look it's gonna be on the Sony I
don't know if it's gonna be exclusive
people seem to like it so it's winning
in that sense i I couldn't fuckin stand
it
ah oh yeah I know but with with horizon
with metal gear with blood-borne
modern-day naughty dog hates gameplay
they don't care about it they want to
make movies I hate them
conky you're so wrong I'm charged has no
gameplay oh Sh oh shit he just killed me
right off the bat there didn't ya witch
hunts are over those gamers need this
game I approve yeah I'm having I'm
having a lot of fun 97th jag Allah says
the latest Besant worst was the best
video I have seen on the Internet in
weeks eggs
yeah people people seem to like the the
last wheel episode it was good it was a
fine episode you know what a fine
episode I always enjoy watching the
episodes that I had nothing to do with
cuz then I could just get to watch is
fine up soon it's hard for me to like oh
I it's hard for me to talk about
episodes that I was a part of because
then I'm just like listening to myself
and like did I say anything good and do
not agree on Last of Us but whatever
like it was the blandest stuff I have
ever seen mixed with the most standard
shooter I have ever seen
I don't see anything special with last
of us gameplay nothing at all in fact
there's an enemy type they specifically
say has really good hearing I tried the
distracted was sound I like throw like a
can over in the corner like ran at me
not at the can that was making this
noise this is the enemy would super good
hearing I'll do a distraction nope oh
fuck fuck Naughty Dog what do they do
this
this stirrer says hey rich we know your
feelings in Star Trek and Star Wars
what about Firefly I've never watched it
because I don't want my heart to get
ripped out and specifically for that
reason everybody up to and including my
father says Firefly is good yeah and I
know there's only one season and
probably some unsatisfactory resolution
once they've lip together that movie
right
probably it's you know it's all right is
the movie here's my question is this
will determine whether or not I ever
watch fireflies okay it's serenity and
adequately satisfying resolution or
notice Firefly just not have that kind
of letting see realized structure and
I'm wrong about that I um serenity is as
a satisfying conclusion yes yeah all
right all right because it is more
cereal like there's overall there's an
overall story but it's very vague so it
is more serialize I think it's worth
it's worth your time okay you know what
I'm gonna put them a list of things I
put it on your list of course you have
to be able to watch serenity as well but
the specific reason I haven't watched it
is I didn't want to I didn't want to get
hurt when it's just that's gone yeah cuz
everyone says it's so good it's so good
like you know better to have loved and
lost and never to have loved at all yeah
nope no I don't agree with that
sentiment I made punches and kicks I can
only use seven punches and six kicks
rich
Oh
let's trying to teach me those combos
here oh I'm not going to do it
half-hearted says hey guys thanks for
being you do you think it's possible to
have a comedic game that has high
replayability I can watch a comedic film
a million times a comedic game seemed to
be one and done No More Heroes you hate
cutscenes though I do I do hate
cutscenes I'm gonna give this one more
try I don't think I can I think I need
to get my cut my combo game up which my
combo game is not that strong at the
moment which would you rather have a
good series but bad ending or good
series with a unfinished ending they're
about the same they're about the same
nope
this just isn't gonna work you're left
unsatisfied and either in either case
yeah yeah I can't do this I cannot do
this in a limited number of kicks and
punches I'm not that good yet well give
a few more shots of it streamed a few
hours yeah we're good streaming a few
hours if you're stuck this is it oh no
no this is a side thing Oh like you had
to defeat that enemy using only seven
punches and six kicks Oh which I'm sure
if I like there yet if I really knew
what combos are the most powerful I
could run it really easily but I'm just
I don't know him all that well I'm gonna
keep playing don't you worry but then
two hours and 36 minutes ago alright
alright
why do so many cartoons that ultimately
get cancelled and on a cliffhanger well
a lot of shows that get canceled and on
a cliffhanger because they reason they
have the cliffhangers because they want
people to be interested seeing a new
season yeah and it just wasn't enough to
work and they and or they just didn't
know that they were going to be
cancelled and so they had something
playing honey yes remember ho L fandom
no I don't remember how gets off gets
taken by the government and thrown in a
a lab what that's the last episode of L
is him sitting in a glass cage I love
that they eventually like you like
decades later they had a TV movie the
cleared up but for a while that was the
last we saw of Alf they were getting
ready to discectomy that was the series
finale that's great
what what oh you're calling your friend
now you calling your friend not cool
anonymous says hey Jack and rich hi when
you brush your teeth how do you rinse
head under the faucet or cup hands and
fill water or with a cup head under the
faucet are you a monster or a cup of my
hands yeah head under the what are you
talking about a head under the faucet I
guess no it's not an awkward positioning
with where your sink is located and how
your faucet is shaped I could see it
oh I dodged I dodged that you fuckwad
more awkward than taller you are I
suppose but no cup cup my hands cup in
hands all cupping hands after you brush
your teeth you paid two toddlers to ask
that
when you look at you gamer Jack leave
such a gamer going after that glowing
bag spot what else you gonna do I'm not
disapproving
I'm just noticing are you kiddin I did
that on the here we go boom by the way
that you're finishing movies called your
climax putting that out put that out
there uh I'm fine with that
this is the only monster she makes with
her hair uh so far but I don't know if
it gets different later on the important
question brushing your teeth wise rich
back and forth or circles I mix it up I
think yeah sure probably I'll sit back
and forth okay so they do say that
circles is is more appropriate as it
helps ya strengthen your gums hmm but I
think I mix it up too cuz you know it
gets monotonous work work
what are you
how could you guys floss when Karen nags
me enough I hate flossing always hated
flossing every fucking day every fucking
day is gone between your gums yeah yes
boom I'm rich I have terrible terrible
teeth I need to floss like if I if I cuz
if I don't like that's more cavities I
have terrible teeth my lower teeth of
like really close together and say
sometimes the damn floss actually gets
caught yeah I hate doing it gots to
floss usually I only floss at night
though I know they say they say if you
want to be like super hardcore about mm
floss after every meal disposable
flossing devices those things little
plastic things yeah normal floss gets
caught between my teeth I can't even get
those fucking things in there well you
know they have easy ones where it's
basically like just a handle that holds
a piece of floss yep so you just got
good ha ha I get them for my kids I got
them for my kids flossing is still
unsupported by modern science FDA just
dropped their recommendation you know
who tells me to floss my fucking dentist
Oh and so at one point your doctor used
to tell you to use leeches to cure the
flu yeah I am still going to trust my
dentist over some random person
commenting on this on the internet not
fense random person
guardians of the galaxy has the worst
ending of any movie any good movie
cliche bad guy gets distracted instead
of just killing them instantly even the
Kingsmen made fun of that over you
strobe the ending is the Achilles heel
of guardians and it's but here's the
thing it's not specifically that because
so like there's you know it's guardians
of the galaxy spoilers because you know
there's two parts to that ending there's
that one the one the the trope that he's
talking about is Peter quill singing and
dancing so that the bad guy stops his
plan out of confusion yep
which is totally in character for Peter
quill and properly in the tone of the
movie right okay yeah yeah that's not
the part of the ending that bothers me
the part of the ending that bothers me
is that they all have to hold hands in
the Phantom Zone and the power
friendship is what beats him what what
annoys me is that their big plan to save
the galaxy is just to go in there
shooting everything it is that part of
it it is the dumbest fight if they tried
to do something clever if they tried to
do something clever and it didn't work
yeah then I would have bought the power
of friendship but we didn't even get the
attempt to do something clever before
going to the cliche and in again
speaking in theme and character Peter
quill star-lord is not a
Savi's tactician he is not the strategy
guy he came up with a plan to get them
and his plan was go in there and shoot
and we'll figure something out tensley
unsatisfying going in there shooting
intensely unsatisfying it is he's been
he's been he's he's rogue he's been he's
been living out there surviving in space
for four decades yeah he could be a
little bit clever he can think on his
feet that's fine you know what you can
write him that way I won't complain
that's just not not as he is again from
the beginning of the movie he is set up
to be a we'll figure it out when we get
there kind of care
character and that's how we end so to me
that makes perfect sense
wait where is that sword didn't I get a
sword I appreciate a protagonist who is
clever who's sly agreed I grew that that
doesn't have to be every protagonist
what what I love about Farscape and I
bring up Farscape a lot retire about
Guardians the galaxy but they're both
science fiction stories about space
rogues running from the Galactic
government uh-huh John Crichton is
constantly trying to outwit his
opponents and in a lot of episodes he
tries to do something clever and you
know what it doesn't always fucking work
but just as his crazy plans are fun to
watch even when they don't work
sometimes they massively backfire but
it's enjoyable hmm
well
like there's an episode where I think
they get boarded and and taken prisoner
and they're gonna you know they're gonna
take him to the space prison and so they
they do like cliche where they're gonna
have the computer trick like they're
getting attacked by somebody else and it
backfires horribly because instead of
turning you know changing their course
they just decide they're gonna execute
all the main characters kill the
prisoners like horribly the club they
tried the clever thing uh-huh
and it backfired horribly that's fair
yeah yeah that's fair
I you know that's what made Farscape fun
there's there's nothing wrong with
having a clever character but I don't
think it's I don't think that's Peter
quill I'm saying it it could have been
if they wrote him that way if they chose
to wrote him that way his first movie we
saw him sure sure but they didn't and so
like it would have been more enjoyable
that well it would have but then you
would have had to setup him being clever
before it like it's not just the ending
like that would have changed the entire
movie and part of the fun of star-lord
is that he's a big doofus as far as I as
far as I'm concerned I really like the
fact that he's fine fine but let's
attack the monster ship with four people
with guns intensely unsatisfying but
that wasn't the whole plan okay no he he
had all the ships outside their start
there was a star fight speed
you jump
I'm jumping let's attack the big ship
with four guys seems like the end of
three Star Wars movies guess who's not
the biggest star Wars fan in the planet
why could that be rich Evans who
apparently has to remind everyone every
single stream that he's not a big Star
Wars guy oh no I didn't want to do that
time did I have a tryout before the
witch twists and by the way in Jedi they
don't do it with five guys there's a
whole fucking fleet so this is the same
as the guardians of the galaxy there's a
whole pack you know what okay he's a
whole fleet and then remember he's also
friends with with the other guy for some
reason and then he calls the other guy
in the other Fliss it was the was the
stuff on Endor fun was it great was it
the best part of Star Wars it was it
kind of a letdown
wait on Endor that's whether the few
guys were attacking the thing well no
because they had the space battle up in
space too
okay okay remember there's Luke over
there the space battle and on Endor so
there's Mara
I want another move but I don't know
which move to what's stiletto slash in
poem with incredible quickness let's try
that out
sorry run I'm just trying out moves
press and quickly please Oh
oh right button endures good stuff if
you're high okay I associate maybe just
because it's in a forest it doesn't help
when I see somebody in a forest it just
feels like you know cheap that's what
amateur filmmakers do what they don't
other filmmakers
can't film anywhere else right so they
film their shit in the Forest Preserve
right when they film their horror movie
it's a monster stalking people in the
Forest Preserve we can smell blood in
the forest is there no one will bother
us in here yeah we can film for free
here yeah you know we wanted to film
something in a ball the week no way we
can get permission to film in a bowl
we're gonna film in the Forest Preserve
so maybe it's just because they're
filming in a forest but the end or stuff
man
running around the woods we're out of
the woods but you know what that's the
California Redwoods and it looks way
better
it helps that it helps that it's the
redwoods yes the question for any of
these for any of these combos that I'm
thinking about buying is will I remember
them and so far they're just a little
too complicated by the way one gets some
like four or five of lenka vision skis
movies film in the woods filming in the
West we just pointed out they're
pointing that out
I'm pointing that out dc's uh what would
you look at this move what is this move
wait wait if you do it to the end
Oh guess which move on buying well this
game ever stopped paying amazing and
then I'll buy some lollipops
all right
then I'll buy some lollipops exactly
dreamer TK might too much storage space
is dedicated to they might be giants and
so like if it's if it's any combo I'll
need to remember it and that combo is
eat really easy because I just hold down
the trigger
all right so I'm actually caught up on
tips know what that's great I know it's
amazing
oh oh fuck
jenna is beginning and ending this phone
I love I love the Jabba's palace stuff I
think a lot of people love the Jabba's
palace stuff in Jenna yeah sure oh yeah
you know what you get the rancor you get
the sandworm you get Boba Fett you get
you get the surprise that leh is the
bond is fun that's fun stuff and or
loses me well while the space the fact
there's a large space battle is neat
there's no characters I give a shit
about involved in it sure
Lando I don't give a fuck about Lando he
was the fucking traitor in the last
movie that's true I'm not I don't give a
I don't give enough of a shit what
happens to Lando okay like that so
should have been uh Han Solo going a
filibuster yeah that so should have been
han Solo
mm maybe but then but then he's not with
Leia you know you don't even need the
fucking Endor shit you don't even need
the indoor stuff that the woods I
suppose that's true just get rid of the
fucking teddy bears okay what what saves
what saves Return of the Jedi is that
just the personal stuff with Luke the
Emperor and Vader yeah is good yeah
that's quality it's it's good where it
needs to be good okay so here's my
question for you yeah you're you are in
charge now of punching up of doing a
soft rewrite on Return of the Jedi I
wouldn't I wouldn't need to give it more
thought before I give you a concrete
this is what they should have done I
would need to think about it a lot
here's what I want you to think about I
would I know I wouldn't sit in the
fucking woods well okay that's what I'm
saying so right now you got your idea is
to move Han to the Falcon right uh-huh
maybe Leia's with him who knows yeah so
the question is what do you do to fill
the space that was Endor because there
was a lot of Endor sure before that
invent
ending battle so what are Luke Leia and
Han doing before Endor this this would
require some thought that's and that's
that's just the question I'm posing oh I
dodged here's a question if you can do
if you can do a soft rewrite on the
whole damn trilogy yeah would you blow
up the Death Star at the end of one
knowing that it's gonna be a trilogy
knowing that it's gonna be a trilogy
alright but then how do you end one this
one you know you seeing it for the first
time there is no saga yet you're just
saying this weird movie called Star Wars
and you know blown up that Death Star
that's a nice little punch to end that
on mm-hmm
is Luke something to do yeah and if you
move blowing up the Death Star to the
third movie what's your big punch for
the end of the first movie that's what
I'm saying yeah yeah that's a good
question rich now and now we're getting
into some movie hypothetical shit okay
so we moved the deaths are to the to the
last obviously obviously that's what
happens then you you you you can't help
but diminish though the first one well
so I'm thinking of something now to
replace the first one yeah here's what
we do we need we need a a Luke we need a
Luke vs Vader fight scene yes so you
know Luke's mentor dies too Vader just
like he just like he does here it's
maybe it's on the death or you know yeah
it's on the desk taro be one dies yokes
mentor dies so the end of them of the
first movie Luke is fighting Vader in a
lightsaber battle
it's so perfect at empires you wait for
it you wait for it okay well then how
does he fight Vader at the end spaceship
battle I don't know do we do this he'll
I don't if you if you cuz you know it's
looking at as a trilogy it's nice if you
got the Death Star hanging over them the
whole time of course the threat that
finally gets vanquished in the end yeah
it does completely fuck with the ending
of the first one of course well so so
then is it just a really intense
dogfight with him invader and Han still
saves the day matter what it's less
satisfying of course there's a big
explosion there's a thing that they're
working towards everyone's working maybe
maybe they don't they're not stopping
the Death Star maybe they're trying to
delay to get the base evacuated and the
big punch at the end is the Yavin
getting blown up but we see our heroes
escaping in time they can they hit
hyperspace it's not as it's not as
heartwarming because that was a big part
of Star Wars felt good man well but and
then you have movie felt good but here's
the thing feel-good movie of the summer
then you have to downer and endings in a
row and that's not I know I know
can't do that we need to win you need to
win at the first you have to blow up the
Death Star at the end of the first one
you can't you really can't have it hang
it over the whole series there's no way
around it mmm there's no way around it
there's got there has to be something
equally as satisfy hurry there has to be
something satisfying that's not as big
as the Death Star the Star Destroyer
right why wasn't it this way way to the
best tag Jesus no there's no winning
there's no victory here Jack don't
rewrite their French until trilogy
rewrite the prequels the prequels didn't
even need to be made yeah that's how we
rewrite those we hit delete right by the
way yeah you you're not fixing the
prequels the simple rewrite oh god if
you if you get it in your head that you
absolutely need to have an episode one
to agree because a new hope is labeled
for after the back if you decide you
need
have then you throw everything out you
fucking start from scratch anyway right
wait in number two oh shit I'm fighting
a thing
shit
what are they doing at number two though
that's just cloud city stuff would it
really work rich you would fuck up the
whole beginning of empire if you do that
they can just blow up off and yeah like
I'm not saying you can do it
I was if this was a warehouse was an
experiment this is amusing
okay this was an exercise so so here's
what you do here's here's the
hypothetical in the first movie there is
no Death Star so but then then you know
what then you're making a first movie
that never would have gotten a sequel at
this point I don't know we'll see what
happens if you take everything exciting
out of the know now here's here's here's
the here's the deal here's the deal
right right is oh my god what's that oh
shit look at this he's got a building
stuck to his fucking head bitch this is
awesome look at action oh fuck I'm gonna
die um so the entire first movie is
about rescuing Princess Leia who has the
plans to the Death Star but she's not on
the Death Star she's not kidnapped on
the Death Star she's on the Star
Destroyer yeah and the first movie is
just about getting Leia and the plans
and the rescue and the big battle is on
the Star Destroyer yeah so you still get
a giant fucking space battle a
satisfying explosion all building up to
the big weapon possibly possibly does he
see at some point you're changing so
much you're you risk like ruining the
alchemy that made it work in the first
place yeah yeah I agree
you have no idea what the fuck you're
gonna get from love sure oh this is
butterfly effect territory right you
change one thing it ripples
it ripples through the whole universe
you can tell you 5 episode 1 had a meat
race Noah didn't three had Palpatine
throwing shit around episode 2 is pure
garbage Oh Andy trace the Padres ya know
the goofy cartoon race you know it's
like it's it would have that would have
been a fine like distraction in a
different movie he'll like ah God madam
says good evening you heck frauds hello
rich poor your favorite and least
favorite hated major characters from
each of the Star Trek series I don't
think I hate hate anybody in the
original series Beck that their cast is
fine you certainly I don't know if I can
it comes like Curt's Bakken bones cheese
I don't know bones probably wouldn't be
my favorite I wouldn't get rid of him
like Kirk or Spock I don't know they're
both great characters as far as the rest
of the cast in the original series
within the original series they were
largely window dressing
haha the original series was the the
Kirk Spock McCoy show right right
like there wasn't there was never like
an amazing Sulu episode but didn't he
get drunk one they just didn't write
those shows that way right
did I hit X in time Kirk Spock bones
Scotty fuck you and then kind of
everyone else is how I would rank them
and everyone else yeah Kirk Spock Spock
her bones Scotty the other guys there's
you're the original series ranking rich
rich rich but I'm throwing the house at
them now I don't you know what I'm gonna
stop watching cuz this is gonna spoil
when I actually play through this
somebody okay
sorry the the dragons through a house at
me and I picked it up and threw it back
at them okay and it was pretty awesome
TNG I love me some Picard just just the
risk you go from space cowboy with Kirk
and just the risk of going to English
diplomat right nice French technically
he was French in the show you know you
mister mister proper diplomat Earl Grey
tea tea Earl Grey mom Picard is hot cart
is interesting to me love the card yeah
least favorite Beverly Crusher get rid
of that fucking soap opera doctor okay
so now we know how this works is we only
have the amount of both shown Oh
I'm failing
Deep Space nine I guess Cisco I didn't
watch much TV Suzanne I didn't much care
for it I'm not that big on odo though I
would hardly that hardly goes into you
know hey do you hey toad no I don't hate
odo but yeah okay he's fine he's the
gruff for security I get it I get it he
was that he was the transforming one
right yeah I liked his t2 was was it was
a good movie it was popular thought it
was popular let's do that with a Star
Trek right like I watched a little bit
of deep season and I remember one
episode we're like odo had to like sleep
in a bucket right yeah
because he couldn't hold his form all
that long and he was like trapped
somewhere with someone and they like
they needed to find a bucket for him
right that's the only episode I remember
from the Deep Space nine and it was like
a big deal cuz he hated showing people
his bucket form yeah and he was like
with a girl or something and like sleep
in my bucket I don't want to show you my
foam it's it's gross and disgusting you
know the best character on ds9 might be
quark the shop oh yeah the best might be
quark right
all right I'm with you Voyager hahahaha
and then there's but well the doctor
doctor the doctors great the doctor yeah
I'd love to see Kate Mulgrew with a well
written Janeway oh she had potential
nothing but potential I like her as an
actress I really do but now the doctor
the doctor is great and then Neelix I
guess by default almost because he's
Neelix but you know he like at least
Neelix had a thing you know and he was
usually pretty consistent as a character
there is that great episode 4 he
discovers his entire religion is
bullshit because he has a near-death
experience and he doesn't see his happy
little tree afterlife uh-huh yeah that's
pretty fun and he goes into a horrible
depression if anyone Neelix his
girlfriend's the worst Oh
kes yeah throw her in the trash I think
that way they threw the trash get rid of
her eeeh oh they got I round I'm getting
rid of a kiss yeah she's garbage
Enterprise I didn't watch it enough to
give you a best and worst scene for
episodes I don't even remember who the
fuck the crew was
the actress that played cats went insane
is that true
well I know you know that they were
gonna get rid of somebody when they
brought on seven of nine and I know it
was almost Harry Kim oh well then you'd
still have kiss ah oh oh oh there oh god
there there's so many bad characters on
Voyager it's hard to pick a least
favorite how do I put them out they're
on fire they're on fire rich
I don't know try guns there's only so
many cars I can throw you haven't using
you I know you took over after I've
worked the tutorial you know you just
shoot by pressing X yeah oh oh I got to
go slow-mo time okay tell Jack how many
war crimes Jane made does Janeway does
throughout the series like giving the
Borg weapons I hey I don't even remember
all of the stupid things Janeway has
done we can't compromise no matter what
even though half of us will die okay
compromise okay something is mildly
inconvenient let's give the Borg weapons
of mass destruction the next episode
right ah no I dodged that I did not dog
that burial
oh okay right
yeah the upsetting part about Voyager is
that it had potential yeah the concept
was there yeah
the execution was we're afraid to do the
thing we are supposed to do right and
like that's I I think like people need
to understand that that's why like we
get upset about voyagers because there
was something there you have a premise
where your crew should be like like
desperate low on resources on on the
verge of violating your principles
because you just flat-out meet - right
and half your crew are criminals who
don't like you right this a fucking
goldmine for drama and in the second
episode nup everything's fine we have
plenty of resources uh
the Maquis are perfectly happy to be
good little Starfleet officers and yeah
it's all gonna be boring from here on
out
basically it's basically Star Trek
without any of the interesting races you
already know from the other series is
not gonna be no Romulans and Klingons
here no we got we got the caissons
they're like they're like bland discount
Klingons
that's the thing we got
it's a chaise on fucking Kazon
what you're saying is Voyager has no
balls maybe because their captain was a
woman ah nice joke was just a joke all
right we don't do jokes here tell me
about that one well not just for Janeway
could have been an interesting character
yeah when in doubt what are the easiest
most useful combos in the game is
triangle circle triangle or top right
top oh yeah go ahead that's great then
you get mega fist nef tell stream any
FTL streams in the future in the future
we don't we don't really plan these
things that far in advance so I'm sure
we'll do FTL again at some point not in
the immediate future but kinda maybe
maybe I don't fall I know next time was
tremely wool I don't fucking know we
bake this shit up as we go along
right we absolutely make this shit up as
we go along every single time we can't
oh yeah where was I going in we kind of
knew we were gonna do Bayonetta today
just because it's them it's the new game
and neither of us had played it before
so it's like why not why not play
Bayonetta
okay where are we going
maxi-pad 1850 to six I just wanted to
thank you all at Ireland for bringing a
realistic view to movies like the force
awakens and rogue one I was fanboying
out a little too hard on those movies
and you guys helped combat I'm glad we
could take some of the magic and Wonder
out of your life sometimes sometimes you
need that sometimes you need that it's a
tough lesson to learn
you don't really other things I like
about the card what he didn't like
children
that was very relatable to you an
interesting thing to do like is your
main character yeah he doesn't like kids
it's just an interesting little detail
that makes him feel like a believable
human being you know sure it's really
awkward around kids uh uh yeah yeah I
mean there was just him it was just in
character it's good I'm sure they wrote
him that way originally they then had
big plans for Wesley Crusher yeah before
they realize everyone hated Wesley
Crusher I'm sure I'm sure that was the
reason that character trait was
introduced
oh sure so he could eventually go out of
it to warm up to Wes and love Wesley
Crusher and everyone else was supposed
to know fuck
so naturally you stick the guy who does
not like kids an elevator full of kids
yes but I mean it wasn't done just for
that episode it was a long-running
character thing says as much in like the
first episode he tells it sort of that's
one of Riker's duties just like keep the
kids from bugging
oh yeah that was a good thing and but
and by the way that was a good that was
a fine child episode yeah uh yes sir
for you know I say these things I expect
everyone knows yeah it's an episode of
Star Trek The Next Generation with as an
accident the ship is damaged and Picard
is stranded wounded in an elevator with
the three kids yeah
and the man who is historically not good
with kids
yeah has to get good taco can't break
free of that oh I suck at this
crow Oh crawler rep and as a crow lay
Raptor is a krohler Raptor where the are
just kind of rolls right into Raptor I
really don't know capitals people
capitals separate your words so
important Roller Raptor says my fiancee
and I would like to start watching Star
Trek for the first time original series
is not on Netflix Australia a TNG is
should we start with TNG or will
something be lost nothing will be lost
TNG works fine as its own thing in fact
Star Trek TNG has set a hundred years
after the original series your fine
start with TNG I don't recommend
starting with season one I actually
recommend starting with season three
because Star Trek that with TNG there's
not like a serial narrative weaving
throughout the whole thing they could be
watched as individual episodes I
recommend starting a season 3 because
season 1 is bad a season 2 is mixed
season 2 can be very good or very bad
depending about what episode you're
watching season 3 is like damn near
perfect start with three if you like
season three then go back and feel the
waters with one them too that's how I
recommend you get into Star Trek yeah
and you know I guess I can be down with
it you know any any watching of Star
Trek is fine by me
you know even though I prefer the be
watching it in order like yeah if you
don't want to that's fine and the chat
will have good suggestions just don't
listen to Tiberius Kirk because he loves
season one for some reason and I don't
know why and like for me it's all it's
all just about watching them in order
there they're doing unused like the
original series scripts or face face to
the other filled a revival of the
original series and it just doesn't work
with the TNG crew there's something I
don't know but god season one start with
three start with season three whatever
gets you to watch it I think watching
them in order is the best why there's
like no real continuity there's no real
continuity but not not only story
progression but there's also like
production progression that I enjoy
watching yeah like you know the older
episodes they look a certain way and
then here's the thing if there's if
you're not a pre-existing Star Trek fan
yeah what the low quality of season one
turn you off like one maybe like that
Tashi or sorry on Planet Africa geez
that is some awful shit well like maybe
that's the front maybe that's the
problem is I am a Star Trek fan and so I
love this I love watching them finding
their footing but you're already a Star
Trek fan you are not a Star Trek fan
started season 3 and see the good stuff
before you see season 1 to think oh this
is all shit and turn away screaming I
get you know what I guess I'm fine about
it you know whatever gets you to watch
Star Trek
area there is continuity there's
technology growth there's character
growth there's political growth not much
there's there's no there's no season of
uh no Vanessa's there's no episode of
like Star Trek TNG that's not a
two-parter where you'd be lost if you
just started there and didn't know what
was going on before that but maybe some
of the Worf episodes but that that's
like season five before they really get
into too much of that right
oh it's been some of the Worf episodes
the then the political the Klingon
political stuff continuity there sure
but start with three that shit doesn't
even start until East season for three
anyways you're safe three
II
Sunday stream probably not oh definitely
not
I I have plans to visit my uncle
oh yeah and I'll be out of town I'll be
out of town on Sunday so no Sunday
stream we probably should have mentioned
that sunday is Easter Sunday and that's
usually yeah usually no good this
particular Easter Sunday I will be out
of town so unless rich can pull
something off and it sounds like he's
got plenty but why do you want me to
look at the lava I don't want to look at
the huh what fuck how I missed it
those are a little annoying every once
in a while they have a QuickTime event
are you finally going to teach your
uncle the Internet that was a different
uncle I am I have six uncles uh-huh yeah
I guess like four left
oh my well get older probably less than
that for all I know I haven't talked to
some of them yours mm-hmm
Aska the ones I haven't talked it with
Church
I'll be going on a nice road trip with
the family
nice nice holiday road trip atheist
Easter for rich like I'm not I'm not
celebrating a holiday I'm going to keep
a relative of mine who doesn't really
have anybody else in his life right now
company even non-religious folks like
rich and I understand understand that
every once in a while there are just
days in which people gather you like you
know Easter for my children is has
nothing to do with the rebirth of the
only Son of God it has to do with
getting candy my good Christmas is a day
what a fat man in a red outfit gives you
gifts exactly exactly and so these are
these are the pre-established holidays
in which people gather which I'm
absolutely fine with
wasted that slow-mo poor man's friend
who a man's friend whom a man puma man
evening have you guys noticed that call
of duty and halo morphed into the same
game also I'm so done with button
prompts and games I tried to like
Assassin's Creed and The Last of Us
their movies damn it
yep press the button to watch the
scripted sequence unfold
oh man I'm fuckin up all the attacks all
the attacks it's not a cutscene you're
doing a thing you should hit a button
you just enacted to the the talked Ahmad
about relationship problems while you
walk to the hardware store mechanic whoo
that's a naughty dog game for you then
deep walk into the hardware store
mechanics and I can't say too much about
call of duty and halo especially halo
this is I bought any kind of
first-person shooter that's you have to
play with a fucking gamepad like I
played the first Halo I had an original
Xbox yeah and I played the first Halo
and I said Smith so yeah as I but is it
like is it like Call of Duty no because
I thought in Halo you actually had a
health it depends which halo it depends
which halo I can't stand that Call of
Duty style he's a shot died over Pete
John spawned I spawned I spawn no
regenerating health agreed it's it's the
worst well halo it's not even the
regeneration just that you like you have
none and a halo I'm talking about I'm
sorry a Call of Duty yes Call of Duty
yelling no health right now die spawn
rod should somebody maybe die spawn
round I spawn robbed somebody shoot
somebody else dies fuck
Oh God huh as somebody who likes doing
no death runs of single-player games
that that just makes me want to throw up
well no they caught the single-player
campaigns of Call of Duty everyone does
in a no death run they're ridiculously
simple yeah yeah but for the for the
online multiplayer yes that's all it is
and I like I have friends who play Call
of Duty and I'll watch them sometimes
play Call of Duty and that's all it is
and just like well what are you trying
to accomplish
yeah you see a guy you kill them what it
what's the point what's the fucking
point
give me an objective
eat it
two fast novices rich was the one who
killed the wheel of the worst with a
sloppy craftsmanship Wow build build a
wheel that could be slapped around next
time the average what why the fuck would
I build a wheel that could be slapped
around in the first place the the design
is to be wheel that can be spun so we
can pick a movie the design is not to be
a tackle dummy that you can use for
football practice basically they're
giving you some ideas for the next wheel
tackle dummy nobody ever said there was
gonna be another wheel Jack that is that
that sentence has never been uttered by
me you know what rich I'm being hopeful
okay I kinda I'm what I'm hoping is if I
just keep saying it if I said I are rich
you're gonna build another real rate
please build another wheel eventually
you'll just take that as it's as a truth
and and I can get my wish that thing
lasted for a year judge frowny-face Jack
earlier today was suggesting a bicycle
wheel you're not alone
visually I don't I don't like it as much
with that with all of the tapes on there
it would look like a cluttered mess with
it it would look like a Michael Bay
transformer and that's the real problem
I thought was like bicycle wheel because
it has a spin component already that'd
be really easy to attach but rich is
right once you once you put the tapes on
the tapes won't stand out against the
bicycle wheel might be a bad idea it
would it would be great for spinning
heck just mount a bicycle then you can
even have the break break it well rich
that was a joke okay
oh it was a bad joke but it was a joke
ah let's see we get another technique
here the witch twist or the UH Umbreon
portal kick what you saw while you're
loving this day I fucking love this
press B arachnid shadow noises Jen
what's currently your favorite board
game and what makes it great currently a
wife and I are still very obsessed with
Marvel legendary what a board game or a
car game I'm getting there is getting
and giving it and getting into semantics
with you now it's a bit of a semantics
it's a game in which you play when
you're bored I guess I don't know I'll
grant you it as a board game okay I just
I just had that thought it does not
feature a board and you don't move a
little piece around a board so if that's
your definition of a board game though
if that's your definition of a board
game I still really like house on
Haunted Hill as that's a it's a really
neat game we've also been playing this
game called wizard battle did you play
that with us yeah that's the one is it's
it's the it's a very simple game but
it's a great party game because it makes
people say spells out loud I think it's
called wizard battle someone's gonna
tell me non-video game tabletop game
yeah is it called wizard battle do you
guys know about this it's really great
legend of the Hidden Temple oh no
there's a game called like legend in the
temple now what's it maybe it's not
called wizard battle no one seems to
recognize it hold on let me look up the
name or else because I want to do I want
to do white right by it
loser battle it's a it's a card game
called Blizzard mana
EPIK wizard battle of something mountain
somebody is saying maybe hold on I'm
looking it up right now just to make
sure I kept it was our battle for mount
scull somebody else is saying that what
it's called
oh I don't remember I play with you once
never memory memory of a fruit fly
um epic spell war of the battle wizard's
duel at mounts whoa no I don't want to
sign up for your newsletter it's okay
it's called epic spell wars of the
battle wizard's duel at mount skulls
fire okay that's the full name of it
epic spells war of the battle wizard's
duel at mount skull fires uh and it's
it's a really fun party like it's it's
simple strategy but the fun part is part
of the rules of the game is you need to
put a spell together that has three
parts and you need to say it
convincingly and they're all very silly
and they're all very silly and if
everyone agrees you didn't say it
convincingly enough their spell doesn't
count and so it makes people do funny
voices it's neat is so that we play we
played that in the last couple times
we've had like like Lord marasmus MS
spiffy spunk spell right
yeah we'll buy this one but if we're
taking board out of it saying tabletop
games yeah
Marvel Legends is number one Marvel
legendary is still number one we're
obsessed with that game we play that we
play that every free chance we get
I got a Star Wars game that's supposed
to be very good it's a Star Wars
strategy game and we haven't even opened
it because we just play Marvel legendary
but it's a it's like a star wars
battlefront game that's supposed to be
really good and I found one for a decent
price I bought it and haven't even taken
the plastic off it yeah like because
we're obsessed with Marvel legendary
what's and that that and The Wizard the
VIS elusive levels the basil Basil's
okay that's that's what we've been
playing recently I know board game wise
I should be getting the Dark Souls board
game and start shipping sometime soon
then your new we were to do that we
played the blood-borne Oh like the
blood-borne card game once which I agree
I feel like it needs a rule tweak yeah
um but the Dark Souls game should be
coming should start shipping soon oh is
that what it's called rebellion Star
Wars rebellion Digger blue who says like
the 4x game there's a there's a there's
a Star Wars game in the vein of Master
of Orion oh really
yeah called rebellion he was like that I
forget what it's called because I
haven't played it it's supposed to be
very good and it comes with fun little
figures captain blue 42 says classic
Star Trek question fuck marry kill
Kirk Picard Janeway also any plans on
playing or streaming ukulele if you
never played a banjo kazooie game I'd
understand you saying no oh you cook
that's the it's the new banjo cuz we
like game that knows out on the switch
okay okay
no no I'm not I've no plans on streaming
that uh reports are that it's not very
and it's one of those run around and
collect all the things games which in
general I'm not interested in and for
fuck marry kill who has a Kirk Picard
and Jenny because I'm because I'm
heterosexual it's Janeway for all three
you're gonna you're gonna fuck her
you're gonna marry her and then you're
gonna kill her
yeah but I got a killer to some
heterosexual get a killer because you
know it's Voyager but the first two
first two because I'm a heterosexual you
know I got off I gotta point that out
and have some murder fetish that would
be weird
sure not unheard of though not unheard
of LA HD says hey guys just saw evil
good too in a local theater for defense
hey are there any movies that excite you
guys when they are brought back to
theaters any movies you'd wish you could
travel back to see Wrath of Khan saw
that the big screen once that's me we am
I am I don't know that's a good question
that's a good question oh yeah wanna be
a good movie to see with an audience
right that's the question to see with an
audience I'd love to see like a I'd love
to see something like Big Trouble in
Little China with an audience just to
see where they all react I'd love that
hmm like a modern-day audience watching
Big Trouble in Little China are you
gonna cheer the same things I cheer at
SLAC EB movie like that Raiders of the
Lost Ark that can be a fun one
Ghostbusters maybe maybe you know I'd
just be nice to sit on the big screen
right like not necessarily with a not
yeah I think that's two different
questions it's like what do you want to
see with an audience and what do you
want to see on the big screen
singing the room that audience is also
great pens about how loud they are you
can get an obnoxious crowd to the point
where you just you can't enjoy the movie
right I remember when I got really big
here we forever was we took to see it
for like the first time and you
literally couldn't hear a fucking thing
that said the movie because the audience
because the audience was too busy doing
their thing you know right that's the
room I get oh it's a b-movie right
there's so many people and it was so
loud you didn't understand why the movie
was special in the first place right
right yeah I actually would not want to
see the room with a crowd well mostly
because I haven't seen it but even even
after I saw it I wouldn't want to see
with the crowd and like that's I want to
watch it make my own jokes though the
room was good to see with a smaller
crowd yeah you need a group you need a
group you need a group preferably a grew
a group who hasn't seen it
how exposing my brothers to that the
first time that was fun as a fun night
oh oh I have a thing crocodile brain
says long time no tip guys how did I
miss the boat on rogue legacy the
Castlevania style roguelike it's so
awesome any chance of a stream in the
future keep up the great work
yeah you stream that before right I have
I have I
rogue legacy is a really interesting
roguelike game it's it's a roguelike
game that also goes to great pains to
diminish the roguelike elements there's
a place where you can level up things
and those level ups continue for your
next runs there's a way to lock the
castle so it's the exact same thing
every time you go in yeah
it's neat it's not my favorite roguelike
I don't know what this thing is but I'm
just carrying it around because oh okay
good grub but ton good grub Minami ah mi
add whatever the fuck your name is
why do you think people find it hard to
see flaws and stuff that they like ie
Star Wars fans did you guys face
criticism about stuff you like and found
it hard to accept sometime in the past
oh that's a fair question that's a fair
question
I'm trying to think
something that you liked and so it was
hard to take criticism of it because you
liked it
what you got rich I got nothing jack hmm
hmm let me think let me think on this
for a second and I don't know if this is
just because of this or I will say this
isn't necessarily because of fanboy ISM
but I genuinely love action schlock
stuff like bad boys bad boys - yeah face
off like those kind of really cheesy
action movies I just enjoy and so when
people criticize them I don't know I
guess like I understand I just don't
care or it's like that fun I don't know
I don't know if that counts as fanboy
ism yeah I know if I've ever really had
the fanboy mentality like like even you
know like it's big spider-man fan when
they started doing the Clone Saga stuff
instead of saying well it's spider-man I
just stopped reading yeah like I hate
what they're doing I'm out of here
fuck y'all have a nice day you too oh oh
look it just left me floating there oh
that's not what I wanted I was hoping if
I got on a piece of it it would take me
up there when it reef we figured um that
didn't work I think I'm too cynical to
be a fanboy Jack
I'm trying to say my cynicism powers
have made me immune to stupidity I did
um let's see here you know what I I this
this counts now this is not a movie
example define fanboy please when you
put a logo above quality yes and and
here's my example I am admittedly a huge
Apple fanboy okay Apple computers versus
Windows computers I think Apple is a
quality company that puts out quality
products for that reason I stuck with
apples editing software Final Cut Pro
well beyond when there were better
alternatives and I would much much like
chain Mike I would not listen to other
people when it came to other editing
software nope Final Cut and and I would
delude myself like oh they have an
updated final kind of well they're gonna
make an update no they're gonna make an
update and like they're just working on
other stuff
well then right now they're working on
iPhone stuff is is but they're gonna do
an update i deluded myself into thinking
like I was the battered husband no
they're no they haven't they haven't
paid attention to Final Cut Pro and so
long but they they that means they're do
right there do to make an update
eventually I got over that and switched
over to Adobe Premiere but for a long
time I was a hardcore fan boy Oh
Final Cut somebody somebody in the gen
yeah saying rich aren't you a Star Trek
fan boy oh no cuz I am perfectly willing
to be critical sure you're very critical
avoid if I were a Star Trek fan boys I
would love Star Trek first contact
I hate Star Trek first contact oh if you
were a Star Trek fan boy you would love
Voyager enterprise sure sure even well
you're just a TNG fanboy but you don't
like season one like season one nice and
this this is fly that's a flaw you know
I don't like these movies instructions
okay
can fanboys not be critical I'd say yes
I'd say that's the difference between a
fan and a fanboy under way we have to
define fanboy I think is the problem
what is what is the definition of fanboy
I think yeah the the definition of
fanboy is is anyone who's unwilling to
give real criticism yeah and you know
you can be critical of something but
also enjoy it like you know it like
horizon zero dawn right you are critical
of it but still enjoyed it but I'd like
to have some criticism of it a fanboy
will have no criticisms of it or will
deflect criticism well Star Wars rogue
ones there were some minor character
problems but and then go into the
fanboys right so you you have to be
willing to look past criticisms to be a
fanboy
aha I got it
but rich fan stems from fanatic people
use words differently the definition of
words evolved throughout time yeah if
you don't believe me let me go outside
and grab a small bundle of sticks if you
say fan boy is not willing to give real
criticism then yeah I am definitely not
a fanboy about anything yeah that's
that's what I'm gonna say the definition
is uh-oh
I'll find flaws and things I like I say
I enjoy it anyway but you know like this
and this could be better yeah that's how
I'm going to define it I'm not sure if
that's like the official definition you
know I love the Zelda breath of Wow but
ya know the weapons really could have
stood to be more durable maybe they
could have done that you know I don't
hate the breaking mechanic I really
don't
but ya know I'll agree for durable
ability yeah yeah that criticism I can
do it yeah
anonymous says French bah ignore those
naysayers who point out your dodgy
craftsmanship
what about a press your luck style board
I'm not a fucking electrical engineer
there's there's no way I could build a
fucking pressure luck board like a
digital display of lights that go around
the button that stops them so uh do we
need an assessment what makes the wheel
of the worst fun G is funny is that it's
just a dingy fucking wheel mm-hmm it's a
big garbage real garbage we I know and
like I don't they didn't do a great job
of explaining like the original wheel
versus the new wheel but the original
wheel even though it was unbalanced to
have this wonderful look about it oh
shit that's what made it on palace
that's why I changed right it was
favoring the old wheel leaving two
wheels the same basically the same guts
the same frame the same stand the same
stance a frame same sign same base but
we changed the wheel once because the
original wheel was just designed to look
really funky like different types of
boards nailed together and the problem
with that was it greatly favored one
side right over the other but the two
boards together looked great they look
great the two different boards yeah kind
of awkwardly sawed together yeah I love
that the edges were all fucked up yeah
where do you draw the line between
critic and cynic though on the opposite
end of the spectrum what I'll be haters
indiscriminately knit well that's the
problem there's cynic and critic are
very similar hater is another thing like
a hater I'm trying to think of an
example like rich and I are critical of
the DC Cinematic Universe that doesn't
necessarily make us haters of it like we
won't go in hating there are people who
go in hating Marvel movies because
they're DC fanboys and I'm sure there
are people who go in hating DC v at this
point though after repeated experiences
with the DC EU style can you really say
you don't go in kind of like knowing to
expect the same kind of blog crap I've
had a depressing dark horse shit I go in
cynical okay it's born out of past
experience I would say yeah I go in
cynical and I'm critical I don't I don't
go in ready to hate which can you
criticize XCOM I cannon have their
fairly minor because you know I I think
just in general I I like most of what
they do but right here here's one okay
uh the new XCOM as much as I love the
tactical combat the the strategic layer
is not as deep as it was in the original
game though in the original game the
tactical battles are really tedious than
the god ball game basically got
micromanage II in the original makeup
Wow systems of XCOM
way to go right you did it
oh and and XCOM enemy uh the the reboot
yeah yeah the fucking end sucks the last
mission is garbage
and I know you've criticized the map
layout before that they weren't varied
enough you kind of knew were and yeah
after one I've pointed out things I
don't like yeah yeah well I was giving
another example you pointed out like
that after a while you just know where
enemies are gonna spawn and so's like
yeah I got a little yeah yeah just hell
just hello-o which yeah well this rax
shit shit
excuse me use me excuse me
Oh witchy woman aimless course Eris's I
remember watching back to the future a
personal favorite at an outdoor cinema
at a music festival once cheering along
with everyone when George laid out Biff
while Strunk was a wonderful time yeah
what are the movie-going experience has
changed a whole lot in the past five
years but still seeing seeing a big
movie trying to think of like a recent
comedy that I could have seen in the
theater cuz like those are the best in
the theaters when everyone laughs at the
same joke those are the best hmm like
seeing Keanu Something About Mary huh
Something About Mary
oh yeah I haven't seen many comedies in
the theater for whatever reason really
what yeah those are the best things to
see them to see in a theater did I do it
wrong
in the Star Wars Holiday Special video
did we mean for it to get off-topic or
did it just happen and you went for it
thanks how did that go down
did it just it just did it happen
organically it's just started at first
and then it eventually became a thing or
no we're not going to get back on topic
right yeah it said like it kind of
started as a joke because it was like
the holiday special was a little bland
er than we were all expecting yeah and
then at some point we knew it was the
joke and we have going with it it was by
the way it was a wonderful improv moment
because no one said it out loud like no
one made the call to be like hey guys
wait wait wait should we just do this
should we just like like not talk about
it like it was one of those things where
it naturally every single one of us
picked up on the joke and won and went
with it but then eventually after that
joke was done we all said hey hey guys
we actually have to we actually have to
talk about the holiday special now but
that was a I think at some point there
was discussion on whether or not we
should actually do an actual discussion
I think it got to that point right right
and we all agreed we should but if that
was a wonderful improv moment of just
every of everyone picking up on the same
joke that was great
I come from hence frosh says here's my
money take it will do thank you
I will take your Satanic six dollars and
66 cents doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo
fucking ethical I will spend it on
Eastern ah I'll spend it on Jesus eat it
huh well great you know what have you
ever been the only person in the theatre
to not not to find the movie funny it's
a bizarre feeling
closest I probably came was the
Ghostbusters reboot
not there was much laugher to begin with
right I mean I'm a laugher I enjoy
laughing so usually I'll be the one
laughing the only one laughing in a
theatre I've had the opposite be true
yeah hmm yeah
remember earlier in the stream I was
talking about that group of amateur
filmmakers who hung out the message
board and nobody was willing to
criticize each other's work and we all
made garbage yeah there was a
get-together and South Dakota up oh you
know where someone had rented out of
theater and we're actually playing all
of our movies and oh no the the
snobbiest most uh clueless group of
people there thought their movie was
some kind of artistic fucking
masterpiece that's laughing all
throughout the whole fucking thing
there's like the only one in the theater
cuz we read it out of theater of course
I'm just laughing at it in your rich
Evans laughs oh yeah oh yeah
only one group they're serious little
well yeah artists making shitty movie
with a VHS camera we're saying some
we're saying something important
don't you get it maybe it's a problem
you don't get it that's great oh that's
great did you watch any of the uh
Nintendo Direct today no no a Nintendo
Direct announcement large 3ds
announcement like a lot of 3ds titles
yeah which is you know no bragging about
zelda no bragging about zelda this was
just news a lot of lot of 3d a-- says
one of the most surprising is an RPG
maker
did they is coming to 3ds with online
capability so you can make your own RPG
and upload it to the to the web which i
thought was neat i wasn't a drama about
cancer they was trying to remember I
think it was
ramaa about the death penalty though and
and the jail cell was just their dorm
room with their movie posters hanging up
in the background I'm trying to remember
and I don't that's great
that's right Monster Hunter stories is
coming out but now RPG Baker looks
interesting like make your own
old-school RPG oh yeah I've heard that
yeah so that's coming to 3ds that seems
need yeah a bunch of splatoon 2news
amiibo bullshit zelda dlc they didn't
talk about any the dlc interesting they
talked about Oh what was it what was it
that's gonna have a bunch of DLC
Nintendo oh it's like a oh there's a
there's an Animal Crossing
I'm terrible of that then there's an
Animal Crossing RPG yeah yeah oh no I'm
sorry it's a me it's a me RPG oh one
caramel care about that and there's a
Kirby thing and which one they talked
about one of them that had like you
could buy you know this package with
this this package with this or the
season pass this is which have meas you
can make a me okay it hasn't bugged me
to make a me oh yeah yeah no anyway it
doesn't matter I got let me get a couple
tips in that I think it's time undertale
was made using RPG maker I don't see
that I could totally see that oh that's
adorable then that's great except for
the well actually I guess the bullet
help parts I wonder how they did that
yeah well anyway anyway here it was
alright great ketchup so we didn't read
the names oh sure sonic mousetrap says
just wanted to say maximum clone egde
killed my love of comic books for over
ten years
yep I still have the exact issue I'm
with you rich let's totally play I was
out before then
I was out when they had Peter Parker
slap Mary Jane across the room because
he found out he was the clone that fuck
it I'm done that was my that was my
moment that was totally the moment yeah
captain blue 42 says has there ever been
a movie or game where you thought it
would have been great if it wasn't
attached to an existing franchise my
example is the bureau which is an OK
game but a terrible XCOM game that would
require far more thought than I can give
it in a moment great if it wasn't
attached to an exist and by the way
don't tip we're done reading the tips
don't don't bother I'm not gonna read it
if it pops up that's an intro that's an
interesting question where it's like
something like for an example and this
is not a good example because I haven't
played it but that injustice fighting
game yeah it's like oh it might be a
good fighting game but I don't like the
idea of superheroes fighting together um
trying to think of that's so weird
because a lot of times like battalion is
what makes it important but like oh I
don't know I don't know that's that's oh
that's an interesting question take more
thought than we have right now yeah and
and yes chant Peter Parker beat his wife
with a superhero strength during the
Clone Saga the Clone Saga was awful
Lando was taken says did anyone at rlm
catch the new honest trailers for rogue
one if so did any of the jokes sound
familiar
I actually have not seen that I have not
seen that I don't not occasionally I'll
watch the honest trailers but it's not
like religious for like I'm subtly no
here's the new one yeah no I haven't I
haven't seen that you know what I did
watch today huh
so I need to I need to show you this
afterwards because it blew my mind and
I've watched it probably a dozen times
yep a drummer does a drum routine to the
end see
in of Willy Wonka and the Chocolate
Factory okay not to the music to the
dialogue okay okay I need to show you
this because it's blowing my fucking
mind
he drums the dialogue and it sounds like
it fits and then he has another one for
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia and I
watched them each a dozen times and it's
beautiful
speaking of just videos that I watched
it I thought I'd say that's all I got
that's all I got my cell again well it's
just here's the portion of the stream
where we read the names of people who
subscribed to our channel during the
stream it's true Ganga's born nine
twenty nine months in a row tard core
the red numbers jerath garros says six
months this is starting to get serious
heliosphere 1969 cinnamon says birds
gotta fly
Fish gotta swim hack frauds got a hack
fraud keep up the good work
shack soda turbo maestro Chesto says
haven't caught a stream in a while
welcome back John Elway's teeth says yay
three months rotoscoping says put this
filthy twitch money towards reviving the
wheel reckless for 30 fuckin months in a
row matured czar green for 28 fucking
months in a row says rich how many
showers did you need to take to wash
away that creepy sleeves from the worm
video that was disgusting but I really
didn't need a shower I was really gross
yeah lots of things in nature gross its
nature that's true factor smoke trees
says hey guys you don't need to play The
Witcher games in order any more than you
need to watch Indiana Jones & Order
which are one the game part is pretty
bad just
three missing it would be worse than
missing zelda breath of the wild or best
of the worst zelda best of the worst
Streicher 1 1 2 1 for 23 fucking months
in a row I almost I had a brain fart of
when we started the fucking part you've
got problems yeah
Streicher says have I told you lately
that I love you well if that's your way
of saying it striker we appreciate just
did you just know not the jugs Chernobyl
kinsman for twenty four fucking months
in a row two noble kinsmen says two
years two years two fucking years since
the dead rising is no death since the
dead rising no death run and it's
ill-fated crashes convinced me to throw
small amounts of money at you ah time uh
thanks for the cheap entertainment
Sven pay by census says a great magic
flying tiger says Oh hot damn Bayonetta
is my jam that was a really fun game
yeah like bayonet I think I might play
that more hair are young seventeen
months in a row hens afresh nineteen
months a neurosis I'm back welcome back
Anatole of RocknRolla a name that could
desperately use some capitalized letters
fortunately I'm a fan of Mad Max the
road warrior oh so you just read that
right I like I just couldn't read that
fast l ahd to dance
27 fucking months and roses rich
visiting the lonely on Easter is a more
Christian act than men
Christian's including I suspect myself
will be doing that day oh god bless you
and enjoy your Easter thank you very
much we show your Easter to Dax Pro leet
says eight months my god so close to a
year I want you to know I'm great
low dumb I guess and modem thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it I
really do I just like I like that bumper
Li was like I want to tell you that I'm
awesome
what a dickhead
