May 26, 2017
Vanquish
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/155623519
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vNCrQFI_vi8
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/868214919006703617

that thing let me tell you rich let me
tell you a little story well you know
what before I tell you streaming
and then I'm gonna tell you a story
about the way it some pcs vanquishes now
on PC you know I my constant fucking
whining has worked I'm just gonna give
myself credit for this
right Lily undeserved absolutely okay we
should be about the same over though
yeah tell me how much Sun hey rich like
just their snap no I can't stop oh you
can't say oh that's right shit that's
probably why you sound like you're
really far away
we're what why Michigan uh the dubidouxs
there we go Hoopa dupes you sound like a
fat dirt in his late 30s well fuck you -
fuck you too
so you're probably not gonna hang around
too long mouth like a mouse what what no
no no this is my mic okay
Wow everything okay there we go now you
should be hearing both of us crystal
clear hello everyone welcome to the
stream so yeah I'm not gonna stick
around because we just shot an episode
and I would like to edit that episode so
I can just enjoy Vanquish because
Vanquish will be our next episode so we
should you know I have never I have did
you stream this a few times feud
multiple times have you yes I have no
recollection on a ps3 sure sure mm-hmm
no I didn't and you know what if I did I
don't recollect it but in any case here
is my story here is my stream deck story
we got this fancy new stream deck device
yeah which makes our life significantly
easier streaming like you know some
simple button presses that are it's
basically like a shortcut slash hotkey
button yeah
or device with little buttons that you
can customize the look of and what they
what they do so for streaming instead of
having to hit start stream and then
click over to the game and then make
sure that we're streaming we can be in
the game and just hit a button to start
streaming yeah if we want to change
scenes just a button press it's
beautiful right it's beautiful so it
makes our life a lot easier I actually
got a second one for me at home because
for recording gameplay footage it has a
bunch of shortcuts it's the it's al gato
yeah which is the same capture card that
I use and it has a bunch of shortcuts
that I use all the time for the Elgato
Game Capture and so using this thing for
the Game Capture is a breeze and I can
have it really close to me instead of
going over to my other computer you guys
can't see what I'm doing right now I'm
mimicking I'm mimicking reaching over to
my other computer to catch to press
keyboard shortcuts right no webcam
because we can also use this footage if
we talk about vanquish elsewhere yeah
and if we specifically see something or
say something and so that's also you we
won't see tips or subscribers yeah in in
the stream because I can use this
footage later that's the bridge them's
the breaks and we're really sorry we're
really sorry but we're still here we
still we hear you and see you still but
okay so in any case to finish up my
story yeah not only do I use this for
streaming I started using it for
keyboard shortcuts for editing and
Photoshop and and for other things that
I do use all the time like for example
all the time I find myself needing to
take screenshots yeah whether that's
like if I'm mocking something up I need
to take a quick screenshot to send it
off to a client or just you know for
random stuff and a screenshot on Apple
is shifts command for ya and I often
forget with that what that is but now I
have a button on the stream deck that
says screenshot that I just pressed that
button and it gets me into screenshot
mode it has all my keyboard shortcuts
for Adobe Premiere it has all my
keyboard shortcuts for Photoshop and I'm
made fun of apple recently yeah because
their new laptops have basically this
built into it have a stream duct built
into the keyboard a customizable
shortcut button and I said that's super
silly who would ever use that and Here I
am
you bought a shortcut machine I bought a
shortcut machine and I fucking love it
to be fair the Apple laptop thing is
only on the Apple laptop and you can't
use it on of the devices this thing if
we unplug it it actually saves all of
the presets and we can plug it into
another machine it yeah the same thing
that's really super nice so oh yeah
shift command for on an Apple takes a
selected screenshot shift command 3
takes the whole screenshot on the Apple
by the way so in any case huh they don't
what they might give a shit I don't know
in any case the moral of the stories I
made fun of Apple for including this in
their laptops I said who's gonna use
this now that I have something similar
on my desktop I fucking love it and
stuff we can do really neat things we
can we can we can shift scenes with the
press of a button so if we wanted to do
like cam only I don't know if our
cameras in the right position but like
do we want to show them so like oh the
camera's not working but you saw switch
scenes so that's something for some
reason the camera's not working like
here's the regular stream here's the
gist cam button here's the gon button so
if we ever wet like and this is all just
the press of a button and I'm back to
just the Game Capture yeah and that's
fucking beautiful
I'll tabbing out and how much other shit
to get the OBS exactly
oh my God look at him he's gorgeous
all right King yeah you'll hate the
first ten minutes of this game it's very
front-loaded uh-huh with cutscene oh
shit well Bayonetta it was similar yeah
yeah like the entire first 15 minutes
this one you can skip it but it's one
long cutscene and it's just we gotta we
gotta shoot the robot robot hmm oh my
God look at him he's gorgeous he is he
was gruff guy McMillan Terry all right
you maggots we're gonna do a war we're
gonna do a war and I love war listen I
don't like you and you don't like me yes
yes like so blatantly it hurts yeah
that's great that's fine you know what
that's fine ma'am that's fine
hey while I'm thinking about it yeah
Wednesday might be a good stream to
attend next Wednesday next Wednesday
Sunday I know a lot of you and a lot of
people we know watched Twin Peaks yes a
lot of people a lot of people we know
watched Twin Peaks so next week
Wednesday might be a good day to come by
the stream you guys can't see it right
now but I'm winking my ass off I'm sure
we can read the chat we could see who
here are the smart ones ya know what's
going on exactly what's going on we're
going yep they know it already they know
it already somebody's saying no game
audio we turn it up
turn up how many do you know what then
we need to all tab and go see what a
pain-in-the-butt that was all tablets
and that skipped the cutscene oh darn oh
damn quiet areas game audio it's just
okay yeah well now we turn it up along
it this is still quiet well we turn it
up a bit they should be able to hear it
slightly
you're gonna leave for bed it's gonna be
a rich solo string that's true that's
true
I'm only staying for a little bit but I
wanted to say hi and yeah which I just
shot something I wanted to clean help
him clean up I didn't though you cleaned
up all by yourself and I okay
dirt man oh five wanted to say did you
guys know vanquishes on PC
yeah now it's way too loud fuck's sake
way too loud go like down to negative
yeah Eve negative 18 maybe even negative
20 let's write 17 also that was like a
big action sequence
whoa whoa I'm here here's what's going
on with me in this game yeah totally not
used to these new bindings because I'm
you know I've played the son on the
police station three like a hundred
times
yeah and I have not yet played this much
on PC and my bindings are all I don't
know what I don't know what the fuck is
what cuz like what what what the fuck
did I have reload bound to dodge
right
I'm not seeing the gameplay for some
reason um
refresh I don't know the game is playing
so this is your first time playing with
a mouse I played it a little bit oh I
just didn't wanna know how fresh you are
with a mouse rich did review this for
game station which is the one of the
only reasons like besides his love of
the game the only reasons I want to
review it for the previously recorded
how does that work
what do mean why because it was on game
station 2.0 do you wanna do it for
previous well the the other reason is
because you have played this game before
and you love this game I have never
played this game before and you're
probably gonna hate it and so it'll be
great yeah I get it with that
perspective of like a new player playing
an old game versus an old pro is a
really unique perspective and that's
where I think we can have a really good
conversation but also because you've
reviewed it already it's just it's just
extra fun people who watch and
especially for people who watch that old
game station so
I want to preface this with I don't care
what your personal opinion on something
is I won't get all hurt in the fields if
you don't like it or don't know what I'm
talking about
trout 9 what you should preface
anything's now we're just confused I'm
just confused hold on trout 9 where did
you say something before or are you
about to say something do you know about
Warhammer 40k aside from the Space
Marine game I've I've seen you play do
you know anything more about the
Warhammer 40k it's interesting enough I
don't know that much though not like I'm
not like a 40k veteran ok yeah yeah but
neither am i I have no strong feelings
about the 40k universe it could be neat
yeah it could be needless everything
I've heard I think it's neat bindings
bindings not using these bindings oh and
you know it takes just a little bit to
like perfect them like yeah you know
what it would be better if this is this
in this case I guess yeah I get it I get
it rich frame to frame yes we did hear
about the Zack Snyder situation very sad
very sad it means absolutely nothing to
anyone but I wish him nothing but
nothing but the best that's got to be a
really tough time like you know he
doesn't care what I wish him either way
whether I wish him good or ill but I
that's got to be that's got to be tough
to go through as a fellow parent
nothing but sympathy for the Snyder
family I know his wife too is a producer
on all of his movies and they've both
had to take time away from work and any
of anyone in that position anyone who
works in Hollywood I guarantee you is a
workaholic
that is someone who has dedicated their
life to to their craft you know and so
like it like taking time away from that
has got like his incredible differ is an
incredibly difficult decision and so it
must really be important to them to step
away especially at the end of a project
they can they can't finish the project
together that's how important it is to
themself so that's it let's see here at
route 9 for K says I always recommend
just reading any of the books out of the
40 K lore series if that's your thing
but ultimately it is a tabletop game you
play with tiny little men who are
painted and posed to blow out book I
know I know
somebody tried to show me his Warhammer
figurines once that's right that's right
that's what it was the guy with his
Wendy's and the Wendy's ad guy so like
tyranny service racks the reason they're
going with Joss Whedon the reason he's
not an interesting choice Tierney sort
of says Wheaton is an interesting choice
stylistically they're very different as
directors but the reason Wheaton is not
an interesting choice is because he has
proven himself at being very adept at
handling big-budget superhero movies and
remember all of like most of the grunt
work is already done here Snyder's
vision has already mostly shot and so
they just need someone who can handle
reshoots and the editing process and
Joss Whedon can and so for Wheaton it's
what's going to be interesting is how
close he sticks to Snyder's vision which
I can only assume will be very close
this is a big personal thing you know
he's gonna want to stick really really
close yeah he's not going to make
significant changes to the final product
and of course at any time Zack Snyder
can come back in and look over his
shoulder
oh he just kind of popped up and walked
back here I know he spawns in I was
trying to kill him earlier okay
I just know this game very well gotcha
is the thing yeah oh wow yeah so in any
case like it it would be the same as
then picking any director who has
handled a big superhero movie before and
Joss Whedon has already done it twice
and so they just know he can handle it
and my head is bleeding why is your head
bleeding I shaved right before we shot
and I cut myself and I had a little itch
and I must have popped open a little uh
a little scab that I had I didn't notice
it whatever
yeah so Snyder still going to have his
vision realized you know but what might
be interesting is critical reception to
the Justice League movie
how much will sac Snyder's personal life
play a role in how people review Justice
League right yeah it is basically the
likud sympathy well it is the whole
review going to be I didn't much care
for giant asterisk but I don't think
that has anything to do with that guy
you know what well a lot personal
personal personal stuff that's how
that's always an interesting topic we
talk about that a lot with like
disgraced celebrities you know how much
celebrity is disgraced how does that
affect your view of the movie and now we
have a celebrity going through a tragedy
how will that affect our viewing of the
movie this will be this will be probably
really reminiscent of the whole Heath
Ledger Dark Knight moment you know he he
Fletcher's suicide or was it a death
okay well his death the evil eye droops
death right before the Dark Knight came
out definitely had an impact on people
viewing the movie so oh by the way yeah
this version I'm PC might be harder oh
yeah I've read something apparently the
higher your framerate is something a bug
the higher your framerate the more
damage you take sure some somehow like
the the damage was linked to framerate
oh how interesting it certainly does
make it unplayable because his game was
gonna be easier just because uh Mouse
you know this version sure purple space
bazooka says I don't agree with your
train of thought on this one Ledger was
in the movie Snyder's daughter was not
and that's true but it's still there is
still a personal tragedy
someone invented by the way a public a
big public personal tragedy with the
director of the movie so it'll be
interesting it'll be interesting I like
I'll go with you purple space bazooka
that it probably won't affect as much as
he Fletcher I'll concede that point that
it might affect it a little bit I'm
gonna go get uh I'm gonna go wash my
hands and a tissue jack is getting a
tissue
I must have popped something good uh
dragon Mooney we probably won't be
talking about politics tonight but I
appreciate know it was it was it seemed
to be a benign question but not good
just a just a heads up we try to stay
away from that we're not always the best
trying doesn't mean always succeeding
but hey yeah you try sometimes I go full
on I know well that's why I said we try
because I was trying to be polite
rich I try not to talk about that as it
just stirs up stuff and you know
sometimes were or the distraction
and playing a ton of the I've been
playing a ton of overwash past couple of
days because they had their big
anniversary event and there are some
skins that I want bad there are some
anniversary skins that I want bad so
I've been playing a bunch hoping to get
box drops and had an amazing mercy game
this morning like I don't really have a
Mane I play I play a lot of Zarya and I
play a lot of zenyatta and it was we
were pushing we were on the attack on a
payload map and I was mercy and I just
had the right team balance and speaking
very highly of overwatch how good they
make you feel as a healer without
killing someone he's really important
you know I'm just healing people and
giving them damage boosts and I still
felt like an important part of the team
you know I wasn't I wasn't making the
big plays I wasn't you know getting all
the kills but I still I still felt like
I was doing a good job I had an amazing
mercy game this morning
good old overwatch I need that pinup
diva skin oh right like the pinup diva
is pretty BA I'm hoping for the Zarya
Zarya which looks like a cross between
Captain Marvel and Iron Man she's got it
she's like it has an Iron Man suit but
with her like a mohawk on the top it's
looks so badass
I want that Zarya skin clothes because I
play a lot of target but uh that looks
great the the diva skin looks great I
never played tracer but her her
anniversary skin looks really cool is it
worth it for a new bead getting into
over lunch now would I'd be way too
behind no it's it's this basically the
same game they haven't changed much
they've added some characters and
they've added some apps but I want to
say they might even this weekend might
be a free weekend for everyone so if you
just want to test it out they might be
doing a free weekend in
in Auckland this weekend so if you want
to give it a try give it a try I love it
if you're into if you're in the
first-person shooters it's a great
team-based shooter you find that right
team you find that right balance and
you're all working together and you're
not really talking but you can just see
what everyone else is doing and you push
and it's still a challenge but you work
together to fucking fantastic and then
you have your ship games where no one's
good and you you're not playing terribly
good and people are yelling at you and
life sucks but yeah you have those good
games does overwatch actually have a
story or is it really only multiplayer
imagine it's really only multiplayer
matches it has a bunch of content
outside of the matches if you're into
story like it has a digital shorts
it has comic books there's a ton of
story within the levels but no it
there's no story it is only online
multiplayer but it is fucking good good
one grenade or something at me what the
heck was that him come mm-hmm I got hit
by a bolt out of the damn blue so rich
yeah you're getting used to mouse in
mouseland keyboard a mouse is fine egg
use that immediately problem is like
finding the leg what I'm using to take
cover when I'm using to reload yeah I
don't have that that's not muscle memory
yet what's your early what's your
earliest Ott's though like you like it
is it gonna work yeah okay do you need
to lower your FPS that's fine
look I am I am I am streaming yeah I am
I am diminished just miserable by virtue
of streaming that's true
Rinku the lone rider is is right over it
says overwatch story is stupid as hell I
think it's cool and interesting but none
of it justifies why multiple copies are
the same people are on the same side of
the conflict keep killing each other
it's also just a fucking game man like
that the story the little stories that
they put in there are bonus but like if
you actually look into the story like
one of the game maps one of the payload
maps you're moving you're moving an EMP
bomb into the heart of a robot city so
you're essentially like trying to
destroy all of these robots and in the
overwatch universe robots have
consciousness yeah and so and in that
map you can play as a robot like you can
play as one of the robot people who are
going to destroy all the other robots
and so the story does not make sense of
course within the gameplay one of the
game maps is actually launching a
satellite to reactivate overwatch but
all of the overwatch people are
launching the satellite to reactivate
overwatch you don't pay attention to the
story because of course they they did
this silly thing where they emphasized
gameplay and then the story was kind of
an afterthought I loved their shorts I
loved their animated shorts some really
good character moments some fun stuff
blizzard actually went out of their way
to say the in-game stuff isn't canon
right because it's the game
but watch oh yeah purple space bazooka a
lot of a lot of adults fanfiction for
the overwatch community a lot of
shocking I tell you right I have never
heard of the internet before and I find
that shocking Oh
Prem inator yes I know of cave blazers
it's a roguelike similar to spelunky and
risk of brain with tight controls you
like it it does look like something
right up my alley cave Blazers just came
out recently on Steam it looks like a
combat oriented spelunky which could be
very good it's on my list it's on it's
on my list but I gotta play vanquished I
gotta play vanquish I'm so sorry you
should be so fucking sorry how are you
I dare you you guys should check out
ever space haven't we played that which
one was it isn't that this spaceship won
the roguelike one where you in a
spaceship I think I've played ever space
is that what it's called
ever space versus hold on is that a
thing yes we've played ever space on
stream before dragon Mooney you have
played ever space on straight I liked it
that was the you know the spaceship
roguelike game I know there's one that
was an FTL not no not the FTL knockoff
it was like a first-person flight baby
oh yeah you loved that one yeah I really
liked that one I think they're still
working on it that's one of those ones
that is gonna just forever be in early
access unfortunately there are ton of
games now that will never leave early
access and that really bothers me but I
enjoyed a lot of every space I pack Chua
Lee played a lot of that outside of
stream I had a really good time okay
oh now they're saying no it literally
just released its official version ever
space oh well great I played a bunch of
that in early access and here's a
problem with early access I'm kind of
done with it now now that it's
officially released I'm kind of done
with it
what a horrible problem oh well but now
that it's done they want to make their
big push and you know I'm not gonna talk
about it because I'm done with it d oh
that actually might be
oh no D in the door as in the directions
yeah okay I know it's in the the WASD
right right direct yeah oh yeah yeah
I'm not gonna talk about it says Jack
talking about it only because someone
else brought it up I never would have
brought that up unless someone else did
keep getting I keep getting reload and
take cover
mixed oh sure yeah I got a got to
retrain the muscles yeah yeah yep so
when can we speak about Twin Peaks when
all the episodes are out oh yeah give us
some time
rich and I still haven't seen it I'm
probably not going to I don't give a
shit oh you're not a big Twin Peaks
person I will eventually so I'd
appreciate it if you didn't talk about
Twin Peaks you know at this point what
the three episodes in so they're three
weeks in so you know it might be okay to
talk about the season premiere like the
first episode TV series are tough like
that I don't I don't know the rule
keep them out of sunlight keep them away
from water never feed them after
midnight
ever never ever feed them after midnight
okay
well according to my clock it's not
after midnight so it's okay to feed him
weights my clock got unplugged for the
power went out or I think they chewed
the cord or what did he do for okay
getting him what makes him multiply it
yeah and feeding him after midnight
turns them into the gremlin yes so he
accidentally got them wet first yes okay
that's true that's true zephyr kills
makes it makes a really good point about
feeding them after midnight does that
take into account time zones I think it
it's not the time I think the the you're
a particular spot on the globe where
you're feeding them can't be the
furthest away from the Sun on the earth
like literally literally where you are
it can't be in the middle of the night
sure and then when when can you start
feeding them probably probably once day
starts breaking at 5:36 sure sure
you know what you know it probably has
something to do with Sun position sure
sure
that's a great bullshit reasoning I love
this great bullshit reason I've read
comic books I don't want to come up with
reasoning I like it I like it rich that
makes a perfect amount of sense why not
just do not feed them after dark yeah
that could work too but I like that it's
got a ring to it I like rich it well
yeah one midnight has a good ring to it
that's a definite time and riches
reasoning I'm gonna say it counts that's
official candidates it has to do with
your proximity to the Sun mm-hmm yeah on
the globe on the globe right so it would
take into account time zones so you
better you better fucking a hope you
never end up near the Arctic Circle say
I gotta pick up that weapon and I keep
going into cover behind the box more
troubling though is when I want to zip
behind cover to move quicker
yeah I'm hitting reload oh that's
troublesome you'll get there rich feel
good oh sure but all aiming oh god I
love it I love a mning yeah oh this is
the best ever it's the best ever
you know screw this gun strip just on
this side fuck it
you can't go wrong with a normal assault
rifle that's the less you know you get a
good assault rifle you're you're good to
go rich whoa honestly this kind of looks
badass I'll be honest
oh it's the most badass that has ever
badass
rocket oh yeah you take ten much real
quick it's so weird how they must have
linked like bullet hitting your body to
each frame right right and again it's
like twice as much what sixty right they
just didn't adjust like okay if the
bullet touches your body for X amount of
frames it says X amount of damage but
now that you have twice the frame they
didn't adjust for that that's hilarious
patch we need a patch here probably but
you could argue the aiming compensates
for it oh sure it might actually be
balanced unless you're playing at 30
frames per second but why would you I
mean if you can't play at 60 frames per
second you do it right right
casts me 87 says hey Jack and rich have
you ever heard the short film called
loops of doom a finish later laser metal
band night Staind worth checking out
keep being awesome I have not I have not
well you know what I did check out rich
well check out that guy's concert
footage oh yeah yeah you know the
emailed it to me what's the word what's
the story for one what's the story yeah
they took some concert footage of a
metal band and they tipped asked me to
take a look at their flip oh sure sure
sorry the full backstories they tipped
us asking either one of us to look at
some concert footage they shot to give
them some pointers I assume to give them
some pointers or else why would you want
someone to look at your concert footage
and I looked at it and I gave him some
pointers shockingly good audio quality
which is heart which is a hard thing to
do in concert footage I'm given some
pointers here's here's the rundown of
some pointers if you yourself are
shooting concert footage look for a good
dynamic shot I am always a fan of
getting as close to the band as possible
bonus points if you can get in a crowd
so you can kind of
shoot it almost as if you're in a crowd
right but so they were shooting from
pretty far away kind of an overhead shot
and they had two cameras and the two
cameras were very close to one another
man right and so that's the other that's
either quick tip is just if you have a
multi camera shoot get your cameras in
different locations there was a shoot I
did I used to shoot live footage a lot
only because I would go to a lot of live
shows and I always kind of felt
uncomfortable going to shows by myself
and so to make it less uncomfortable for
me I'd bring my camera and shoot a
little bit of a show what I would do
usually is I'd like throw a GoPro
somewhere you know like either on stage
looking up at them or make my GoPro a
big wide shot and then I'd have my
handheld camera so I could cut back and
forth between the two shots
so if you are doing a multi-camera shoot
make sure your cameras are far enough
apart to make the editing dynamic
let's see here hey rich Jack watch with
your bayonet a video have you ever heard
her plate of azula's wrath Asura's round
it's sort of like Bayonetta but with
brutal punches and he ever heard of
Asura's Wrath sounds familiar
okay they have not played it okay
anyway I'm playing at 60 frames per
second I could play I could crank that
up I did want to risk crashing the
stream yeah yeah usually we have an
issue with games playing at 144 last
night yeah I do have a nice PC though
yeah well and well was glorious and
streaming adds an extra strain right
right yeah 60 frames a second is
perfectly acceptable for for these for
this type of game and obviously like it
used to be just 30 frames a second so
write anything anything above that is
this cake bonus Jack any opinions on the
end of this season of the flash was
disappointing well they they revealed
the villain they revealed the mystery
behind the villain and that was kind of
disappointing um it was all right it was
all right there there was you know the
end they was season finale so a bunch of
twists and turns that I really liked
it's hard to take any major the problem
of the flash the problem with any comic
book property right is a sense of
unpermitted unpermitted is not the right
word
a lack of permanence where if something
major happens in a comic book
specifically in the flash where he
alters the timeline every fucking day
you're none of the big impactful moments
feel like they're gonna last
so there are a few big important
impactful things but then you look at
they gotta have a next season
something's gonna happen no in the flash
it's gonna involve time travel or
parallel dimensions or some bullshit
right so I I liked it I liked it it was
fine it was all fine all the time yeah
I'm really looking forward arrow has a
season finale that either happened this
week errs coming up or something that
looks to be a lot of fun yeah yeah yeah
they're bringing it they're bringing
back you know like bringing back a shit
ton of old characters they're bringing
back Deathstroke who was part of season
one and two and Deathstroke is coming
back that's gonna be fun
Malcolm Merlyn came back who is John
Barrymore I was just I just like seeing
him and stuff he's a fun actor the
season finale of Supergirl was great
season finale as Supergirl was really
great I enjoyed that along Calista
Flockhart came back
and you know there was a bay there's big
emotional there was an emotive igg
emotional crux rich yeah
Supergirl had to make a hard decision
and in typical Supergirl fashion it
wasn't about punching the bad guy
because she could punch the bad guy
really well yes but the bad guys were
invading daksa meit's oh my god what's
that what's that
Dax um was the sister planet to Krypton
okay and Dax of mites are also kind of
strong and I was not as strong as
Kryptonians and Kryptonians as everyone
knows their weakness is kryptonite daksa
mites weakness is led rich zone rich so
fucking cares about this I wish the
camera was on so you could see his eyes
rolled back as I'm discussing a
television show in which I enjoy so
bullets yeah bullet basically regular
bullets are Jackson Heights weakness
that's great yeah which is great but you
know and they're just slightly strong
like daksa mites are kind of original
Superman strong where they can just jump
really far and you know kind of strong
faster than a bullet that kind of stuff
so in any case but Daxton was invading
earth and they came up with a weapon
that would disperse my newts amount of
lead in the atmosphere that would be
harmless to humans but lethal to any
daksa might makes a lot of sense makes a
lot of sense the only problem rich what
super girls boyfriend is
oh right did she have to choose whether
to go with him she had to close planet
well no his planet's dead you know cuz
his plants dead well cuz they you know
Krypton blew any other daksa mites
coming from that are invaded they were
all over space well he'd go all over
space then well right but the the point
is her home is earth rich and so she has
to choose between saving the earth or
basically banishing her boyfriend for
life whom she loves and the point is
rich obviously no one cares about the
melodrama so how is this much different
from like classic Supergirl then boys
all about the boys well I guess more so
what I'm thinking is it's classic
Supergirl in the fact that she has to
make a choice of you know personal thing
I guess the difference between like
classic classic Supergirl you know
classic Supergirl was was kind of a
girls are also are always really silly
you know Oh girls you're always silly
making silly girl mistakes Superman will
teach you how to act
all of Earth in one hand or one
boyfriend in the other of course it's an
easy decision but it's still it's an
emotional character-driven decision
which is nice
we've I've mentioned before how you know
Superman is a boring character and
that's this is this is where the drama
should come from make it a personal
thing not a who can punch each other the
hardest thing because Supergirl can
punch the Hardys
they're all soap operas P inator oh
that's all they all are
they're just soap operas and with
punching which is the great part
spider-man was about dealing with shit
and he had girlfriend problems he had
Aunt May issues he had work troubles
that's how it always that's all it all
is that's a sentence that makes a ton of
sense that works yeah
it all works all the CW stuff is soap
opera yeah I'm out of daughter I agree
with that I agree with that and I'm okay
with that
because if you don't have a character
that you can like lock on to and a
character you care about then what's the
point
special effect without a story and all
that jazz special effect story hey
clockwork Suzy says hey I have this idea
for a game called vanquish oh really
what type of game is it I don't know
third-person shooter yes but to be fair
yeah it this doesn't play like a
plotting boring cover bait they made
this one fun right and they're not
telling a story they're just having
great gameplay they've put an emphasis
on gameplay yeah yeah so like instead of
just having you know obviously this has
a lot of chest I want it's a cover you
know cover based shooter but it's not
about taking cover it's about this right
so boom yeah I don't know if you guys
have noticed you you have like rocket
boosters on apparently every part of
your body and and so you're kind of like
a super-powered breakdancer it does look
great so instead of instead of like
putting emphasis on extended cutscenes
which apparently there are extended
cutscenes they made the gameplay really
fun yeah great great
we glitched you glitch glitch another
what they go what are you doing I'm
trapped on this wall did you
accidentally turn that off press WASD on
the keyboard well nope the mouse isn't
working the mouse isn't working
oh yeah do you hear the it's like
boop-boo-boo-boop weird it's all Tim
okay now your Mouse's Mouse's when i'm
stuck on the wall alright well shit
when's your last say there wait wait no
alright alright alright
that sucks oh can you move now oh yeah
I'm here device Network I bet the check
word they don't run out of batteries
it's gonna light on here okay hold on
hold on problems not the game the
problem is is this device I have in my
hands that did it their room need to be
plugged in and unplugged unplug it plug
it back in no no okay that was not that
was not a game there's not the fault of
the game that was a Hardware glitch
Hardware glitch everything's fine
Hardware glitch rich is using our little
are one-handed Chuck and the mouse which
seems to be working out all right for
you yeah until until I could just close
right here right casual horse
alright casmi 87 says PS loops of doom
is a weird post-apocalyptic synth driven
short film dumped in wonky Italian it
might be something you like the band is
merely acting and made the subject okay
we got we got a we'll check it out later
thank you
guests me 87 knowledge junkie says
question has voice talent for a game
ever been the deciding factor for trying
out purchasing a game for you no okay
now once wait wait there's gotta be some
good a game but a character oh yes oh
yes oh holy 100% yes okay oh sure oh my
god no and throw it everything I just
said about no there's just there's one
and only one example of a strong yes
voice acting made me buy the game okay
Ghostbusters but you know it took
fucking Bill Murray dan Aykroyd Harold
Ramis and Ernie Hudson to do well and
then they also write it lives yeah okay
so but also they were voices so you
heard that whatever the Ghostbusters
game is it's the major exception alright
good good answer
nice answer rich what about what about
Arkham Batman Arkham the sound were you
interested in that at all or I would I
would have been interested in that
besides the voice acting but the fact
that yes that was there was something to
be happy about sure so that was like a
weak pushy over the limit that was that
was a strong this absolutely is it has
to be bought but I would have been
interested anyway because it looked like
a good Batman game okay cool
I'm done with that I'm down with that
answer
let's see here I tweeted you previously
about injustice to having Jeffrey Combs
Robert Englund etc yeah and you know
like I've seen decent things about
injustice I hear it's pretty fun and
it's like the best example of proper
fanservice where you know you get to
play as Batman and he does cool Batman
things but it's I don't know it's still
fighting game I'm still you know maybe
maybe will stream it one of these days
and just like go through the story mode
of the fighting game that could be fun
right I don't know maybe we'll get to
that one day in justice - how many
weapons do you have to have it at I'm
4:03 of time in grenades ok I see that
I'm sucking so bad Jack yeah a second so
bad
it's the magic streaming I'm enjoying it
though Oh
someone is asking someone says they got
four new goldfish what should you name
them can you tell them apart man can you
tell your goldfish apart John Paul
George and Ringo boom Larry Curly moe
and Shemp make Shemp the odd one
whatever whatever one you have that's
the outlooking one make that show we
have no plans to take off streaming on
Sunday for Memorial Day Memorial days
Monday so you can call them the yellow
submarine's oh nice one rich nice one
so we should be streaming Sunday rich
are you going to town or anything for
Memorial there no all right yeah we
should be streaming Sunday we have nope
we have no plans not to it'll probably
be more Vanquish because rich gets to
choose you should plan something huh you
should play well I want to I want to
play at home you know give me the best
possible chance to enjoy the game fully
I'm hoping it's a really like pound out
and edit over the weekend so I'm gonna
try not to play unless unless uh I'm
burnt out on editing and so what we'll
see listen
Teenage Mutant Ninja goldfish oh that's
a good idea hike hike a bum you can name
them after the toy tools it's a fine
idea yes push level it's always
important to pound something out over
the weekend like masturbating or sex
what I said I was gonna pound out the
edit pound out is also a euphemism
people use either for masturbation or
for sex I think or is that just pounding
probably just pounding
I don't know if that's pounding out I'm
gonna let you figure this these things
out great great great
Jack please don't say sex too bad Big
Apple 3m you got a deal with that Birds
burns burns that's the tough guy
oh yeah look oh fuck look at him he's
fucking Reinhart
that's an overwatch reference Reinhart
is a big dude with a big great beard too
he looks exactly like fucking Reinhard's
if only he was a like if you shoot a
grenade in error it has a larger blast
radius shoot a grenade throw grenades
that was a slo-mo yes they're
encouraging that that's fuckin awesome
let's see what's the refill like I'm
just going on timeline right now I just
did you burnt it I burned it yeah that's
not fair oh is it that green bar on the
bottom yeah
oh okay great I mean it's tied into the
rocket boots oh is it yeah okay so you
both they both burn the same fuel yeah
okay
nice all good to know I feel like I'm
you're giving me an edge on whether or
not I enjoy the game
and trailers got a stop using Led
Zeppelin spots on the Star Trek
Discovery trailer it's giving me nothing
to be interested in it's giving me
nothing
yeah it's only giving me things I don't
like like ugly clean ugly Klingons yeah
there is no hint of any kind of Star
Trek in there other than like the names
of things they're on a ship and they
have something called a Klingon yeah I
have a giant turd monster I am seeing no
hint of like scientific science fiction
mysteries that our crew needs done Ravel
it looks like I know some kind of
prevent war Klingon week-long miniseries
blah it's a lot of you're so special you
were
you were meant for great things you're
you're just gonna be amazed balls and
then the trailer goes on to show us
nothing at all that is interesting about
this character who they keep telling us
you're so great so you're telling me
it's Kirk from Abrams Star Trek you were
meant for greater things your mentors
just anything destiny great things
special special right so it's Morris the
Star Trek it's more Abrams than
Roddenberry is what you're saying yeah
where's the Star Trek that's what people
wanted to hear more than they wanted to
see you do well in the game we wanted to
hear you bitch about Star Trek discovery
so you know what that's a fine trade
average it's a fine trade off Star Trek
the Star Trek way I mean base that what
that was all of JJ Abrams Star Trek Kirk
you're destined for great things Kirk
join the Academy you didn't do well I'll
take young Bishop here here's the
difference there though yeah we all know
Star Trek the original series we all
like Kirk sure oh we all know that Kirk
has done amazing things sure so at least
it had some kind of emotional resonance
with us way
said you're you're due for greatness
Kirk only if you knew who Kirk well like
if you were someone coming in fresh to
the Star Trek universe it would be the
exact same thing right you'd say this
kids guys it's not Punk
yeah what why do I care about this
character he's kind of an asshole he
only made it because the general brought
him on his ship that seems kind of dumb
Kirk I'm putting you in charge Kirk
double damage here Jack playing vanquish
I'm embarrassing myself oh I like that
push level Kirk you're destined for a
franchise Kirk you are the main
character without Spock right knockout 1
4 9 we do know about the high FPS bug
and if rich keeps that he might have to
knock it down I'm assuming they'll patch
that position they should keep it as an
optional feature like there's just an
extradition uh yeah that would be really
funny yeah
so yeah we we know about a rich thinks
he has played this enough - he's just
taking it as an extra challenge at the
moment yeah for me as a new player I
might bump it down to 30 just because I
ain't that good or hopefully they'll
patch it soon might be casual difficulty
not a joke oh sure sure yeah no matches
fan console casuals I tried to die in
casual yeah I stood out in the open and
I just let things keep shooting me and
my wife was regenerating faster than
they were taking it off huh that's great
that's great madam the pc version this
is like back back yeah back on the ps3
yeah why not get you a hammer Kirk Kirk
you gotta go save Wonder Woman her
whatever things has he been in a lot of
stuff right there's only things he needs
to be in he's fine
it's fine no I know what I don't have
any specific hate for Chris Pine
I'm there trying to think of his other
movie whether this guy's machine gun
right robot arm man's machine got a
spark awesome and I wish I wish you
could use it in the game oh it's captain
cover he has a built-in shield of this
man is Reinhardt right Art's made weapon
is a shield I'm just gonna keep calling
him right hots if he if he comes out
with a giant hammer later I'm gonna
fucking freak out if they never make a
sequel of this you have to be able to
use that weapon that is an awesome
weapon a built-in shield oh I heard good
things about hell or high water he was
in hell or high water okay great
I know it's the other way around
Reinhart came out after him so Reinhardt
is him but guess who's more guess who
knows overwatch first it means so for me
yes a minigun hammer fuck yes
fuck yes
yeah Chris plain is fine he's a fine
Chris with it we've had a surge of
Chris's in movies lately and he's a fine
Chris you got your pine
you got your Evans you got your
Hemsworth you got your Pratt got a lot
of you got a lot of Chris's but it's
fine yeah I heard really good things
about hell or high water yeah here's a
it's a fine movie more like Chris fine
am i right you are right you are right
oh you know what some that just sparked
my attention I saw a clip today
apparently a ninja warrior
you know the show Ninja Warrior yeah
where people do go through the crazy
obstacles and whatnot they just did a
celebrity edition for charity and what's
his name now I'm gonna forget as a
Steven Yvette's the the star of arrow
the guy who plays arrow yeah he was also
like Casey Jones and the Ninja Turtles
too you might know him no one saw me but
he's arrow right he did a version and he
made it all the way through the first
level of the course oh good for him and
I was like fuck me like he he knew how
to do some shit man like I just thought
it was cool to see someone who's like in
an action role actually being able to
handle some action shit makes a lot of
sense yeah I think it's neat what's his
name Amell Steve a Mel chris and mel is
it oh it's not Chris and Mel come on
he's Michael Bay's Casey Jones that's
true
was there a Salmon Ladder hell yeah
Morocco actually the Salmon Ladder was
part of level 2 and he did that just
because he could do that I was reading
stories about him like you probably
don't know what a Salmon Ladder is if
you're like me and have never worked out
in your life but a salmon a Salmon
Ladder is a pull-up yes I am like you a
Salmon Ladder is a pull-up bar but the
bar isn't attached to anything so it's a
pull-up bar that's on a ladder that you
have to like pull up and then move the
bar to the next level but your feet
can't touch anything and so you have to
step up a ladder using only a pull-up
bar and apparently the character in
arrow uses a Salmon Ladder all the time
and apparently they only included it in
the show because it's something that the
actor did for his audition Oh to like
show what like a strong athletic dude he
is yeah so he did this Salmon Ladder for
the audition they loved it so much they
incorporated it as a character part in
the show where he just does that when
he's stressed it's a step ladder
implementing oh thank you beats a train
it's the I I just thought it was neat
it's like I said it's a show i watch
it's an actor who does action stuff and
he can do action stuff in real life and
it was for charity so I was like yes fun
it wasn't that he was just showing off
all right you know what I'm gonna head
out
have a nice night have a nice night
everyone rich congratulations
I'm loving it hash hash tag bring
vanquish'd a PC god damn it was a raging
success you're taking full credit to
Reddit swivel this towards you so you
can see that I have a good night
everyone
I'll see you on Sunday where we'll
probably be playing more of this or
something else but we'll see good night
something we can rely on for once make
my blood railguns talk a little bit I'm
talking I'm talking thanks rings good
all right jack now you walk son of a
bitch
so now it's time for this stream to come
to a crashing halt crashing halt I
couldn't play this last night I had to
play this video I had to stream it a
little bit
all right which button do I have this
particular thing boundaries
I don't have to do those goofy flips for
the record that is not uh
obligatory it's just something I'm doing
designs joy it
is there any game that I want to be
ported the PC all of them well the West
shit I I need to have hooked up to my TV
the better
it's fine we need to take
easy salmon are not having a
conversation this goes much smoother
basically I'm blaming Jack for all of my
previous deaths
get out of my way you jerk
easy yes
don't you got what you got right along
nice
shut up
I know you telling me to blow the thing
up I know I gotta blow the thing up find
all the things first I'm sorry you don't
tell me what to do
all right if your ammo is full when you
pick up a second copy of your weapon you
can upgrade your weapons slightly which
is why I'm playing this musical chairs
with the weapons basically I'm doing
some fancy upgrading
oh I didn't place the bomb I was done
they aren't gonna go away when do we get
out of this
Oh God for the mouse I love aiming
see these little golden guys there
they're just kind of a collectible thing
and you gotta shoot them all make a
goofy noise it's for shotgun rocket
launchers are nice but situational need
with shotgun
yes I know jack makes the streams and
solo rich streams are quiet lonely
Affairs I I totally don't blame you if
you wish to leave the stream now and
I've I was appreciate Jack being around
for this reason you know you don't have
to stay
it's all cool man
for what it's worth jack is around for
about an hour so so there was some Jack
action going on
this colony won't be walking straight
for a while straight shot to the core of
the colony now keep over wait your path
is obstructed ahead there are another
way around there should be a large
service lift ahead on the left use that
to head up
we're SEC oh there we go
and damn it double damage
fuck
oh god I'm doing terrible I'm doing so
terrible to him last night I got at
least this far without buying a bunch
and now I am capable
yeah I am taking damage way too fast way
too fast
Wow Wow kidding my fucking ass wrecked
amber Friday stream cuz of anguish
this fucking snipers there helping
they're not helping
they're not helping
that's a bit more like it smell terrible
Oh 3,000 deaf point deduction oh my god
I'm doing awful terrible it's fine why
don't we go
more shotguns lying around
it's up here this is gonna be fun
and
what happened not sure incidentally the
other left appears to be in motion all
right coming up to say hello
we've got company Bravo get ready to
roll out the welcome mat
by the way that cigarette you just saw
him smoke that's that's not an idle
animation that's actually a game
mechanic you get like three of those per
level and what happens when you smoke a
cigarette and you toss it the robots aim
for the cigarette and not you you know
cuz the little fire the heat sensor
there's a cute little thing
Elena isn't it professor Candide
professor you have to help kind of busy
right now
space Russians are the bad guys in this
but I'm not sure of their cum ease
they still aliens if they're robots from
a different planet that's a good
question but they're not from a
different planet they're robots from
Russia
here we have the most fun boss fights in
this game coming up
ah wow he's a lot tougher when you're
taking double damage
shit
where's that where's that
nope all right what the hell button do I
have you bound to on this mouse that's
kill me that time by the way I didn't
know what my binding was hello I totally
should have been a victory all right all
right mouse which one of you was he I
can't be select weapon to no way someone
I guess checks things got that sir huh
weird weird
Wow that was quick that was fuckin quick
look
finger off the thing to switch weapons
not a good time for that
where's that where's that where's that
too early on that dodge nothin anyone
gives a shit him up back
that's what should have happened the
first time
business here is done dunya no space
Normandy huh for you to My Orders are
classified military tough-guy dialogue
hacking the hack
yeah that's crap
who dis this is this is rich Evans
Richard William Thomas Evans
I'm playing Vanquish with superior
aiming capabilities
yes jack was Jack was nice enough to
stop by earlier but he is gone now it's
just me it's gonna be a quiet rich
heaven solo stream is that's how rich
Evans solo streams tend to roll what the
heck
Oh still have some juice
where's the freight transport the room
is on the other side of that door you'll
want to take the stairs in there
yes mostly silent rich solo stream that
was the breaks
enemy aircraft approaching at high speed
well done be a little bit more careful
next time
got it Elena
and eyes must be looking to get swatted
Bravo tango recycling
all right
yes average that's pretty nice pretty
good axe that was pretty good run now
the level stage thing
my give me more things to shoot well the
things to shoot
yes bass cop 2 is coming out in 12 years
it's gonna take us 12 years to bake
if you continue on your present course
you'll intercept the neighboring
corridor in approximately two minutes
all right
looks like we're in the clear
- good well then they're all dead
that's what happens when you can aim
the propulsion systems were destroyed by
that hit
it's too quiet no sign of enemy units in
the area nothing on a scanner stay
frosty I want you ready to shoot if you
see so much as a fucking Roomba you call
for evac the calls hit but it's gonna
take some time
you think they come running for a little
bird like you burns
give me the things to shoot I know that
Tim it
where are they coming from
well this game looks husband this game
fucking is awesome
the only problem with my my weird-ass
binds control binds is like what a
prompt like that e comes up it throws me
off because I don't know what the fuck
is actually e I've got a mouse that's
got like 15 buttons I'm kind of I kind
of love it
but I don't recall which one of them is
e
character this game are the characters
in this game are so fucking generic I
love it
see you just you just need to have a
simple action story you don't you don't
need the fucking right war and peace you
need to have characters with an excuse
to shoot at each other you have to kind
of like them they don't have to be
groundbreaking though we have to blow up
the thing then make a fun space shoot
them up and that's what they did and I
like I fucking love it fucking love it
weird I think of Red Dead Redemption I
loved it it'd be great if I could play
with a mouse yes yes it has good
characters a good story to I'm not
saying you can't have both I'm saying
it's important to be a fun game
first and foremost and you can be a fun
game and just have a simplistic story
and that's okay that's okay
I didn't need a complicated fucking
story to enjoy like the original doom or
Mario things are supplementary not
requirements
like this yeah no never I can't show you
very much this game takes place inside
uh a little orbital Space Station you
can see the the curve like this ground
up above you it's always nice but the
game is a nice balance between a story
and gameplay sure sure good gameplay and
good storytelling I'm I am NOT gonna
criticize that I don't mind a great game
with a blob story but if you give me
blog gameplay and at your attempt at a
fucking oscar-nominated screenplay go
fuck off go fuck off shove that right up
your Naughty Dog
where do I need to go you're going to
have to head to the airport I'm sure our
robot friend will be happy to see me
again
sorry I don't see any way around it
enough I go
that transport might as well crash
itself now can't you stop no we don't
have the authority to give mortars
what
no this is not good get out of there
good either for for the record for the
record there is currently I'm sure it
will be patched a bug in this game where
the higher your framerate the more
damage you're taking rich playing with a
controller or mouse and keyboard you
you really don't know rich Evans if
you're asking that question to be to be
fair well I am definitely using a mouse
right now on my left him I've got I've
got Jack's analog stick thing in my left
hand but I'm definitely using a fucking
Mouse
I'm sure they'll patch it for now though
that's like I've played this game a
bunch it's just like a a bonus
difficulty level setting to me right now
but I'm presumably they'll patch it
she probably took a rocket launcher now
let's see coming sequence here that'd
probably be wise
how do you get more than how do you get
more than three grenades how you get
them upgraded all right here's here's
how this game handles weapon upgrades if
you pick up a second version of a weapon
you already have you get your ammo
refilled
so if like I see a shotgun line there
and I only got like two shells left on
my shotgun and I picked that other
shotgun up oh I'll get you know 20
bullets
I'll get my ammunition refilled however
if there's like another shotgun lying
there and my ammo is already full I saw
that I've already got full ammo and I
pick up another shotgun you you upgrade
your weapon a little bit so if you pick
up a grenade let's go when you're
already full on grenades it works
towards upgrading you the amount you can
carry
Bock as bad signing
chicken beetle right now I'm I like that
how am i that good I have no idea how
I'm not dead but I'm not dead
whether you can target like individual
components which kind of neat
bye
take care of your but Canada tell your
backpack
why can't he fall I'm sorry I can aim at
a man bullshit total bullshit
well that been not bad in the central
building meaning there are remaining
colony forces communications were cut
off before they were able to confirm any
survivors should we go and check it out
we don't have time to be checking things
out who's my favorite bond Sean Connery
gets a lot of props but who's Bronson
was good I just don't think he ever had
a good script those particular movies
are just so silly
favorite individual Bond movie quite
fond of Casino Royale
Chris Brosnan not Priss Bronson yeah I
flub everything come on cut me some
slack
upgrades those are always good see here
when I talk about the with the upgrades
here all right I'm gonna pick up this
rocket launcher now you see the icon
there on the bottom right hand side of
the screen the weapon that's highlighted
red that's that's the rocket launcher
right you see how I got that one little
line in the middle of that shield all
right I'm gonna come over here this
rocket launcher it's it's fresh it's got
full ammunition
here's another rocket launcher lying on
the ground I'm gonna pick it up look at
BAM I got I got two stripey things on my
rocket launcher shield on the bottom
right you do that three times
you know you get three stripes and then
you get a star it upgrades the weapon
and you'll see me you'll see me playing
musical chairs with weapons alive when I
play this and that's that's just me
upgrading weapons assault rifle I want
that back
like the rocket launcher is very
situational
yes three stripes equals a storm like
the heavy machine gun that's weapon I
got there on the top already god
shitload of stars in it pick it up
little line little line peer down to
those four stars
can you rock it jump in this game no
because you can't jump you you could
dodge like a motherfucker you can rock
it scape there's no jump
and installation on Grant Hills using a
directional transmitter to shave all our
frequencies our nav systems won't work
between the northern and central race
find a way that doesn't use
how long is this game here pretty
straightforward you can really get do it
in the six hours but it's replayable
because it's fun like I have beaten this
game a number of times so I have well
over six hours into it it's quality not
quantity
any problems with the PC port only minor
ones that will probably be patched so
farm as I said assigning about earlier
there is currently a bug in this with a
higher your AAB refresh rate the higher
your monitor on time I'm gonna get like
Alzheimer's soon higher your frame rate
the more damage you take so I've been
getting my ass kicked a lot because I'm
running at 60 frames a second right now
I at home I was at 144 with my refresh
rate but right now I've got it down to
60 because we're streaming and I didn't
want to risk technical problems
where's that coming from
where's that coming from
Frick's
who shot me who was the shot me fucking
dead
I'll spin each chunk
one other weird bug in the PC port I've
noticed I'll shut it off when it's not
so chaotic and I can that's a jump but
it's like jumping over cover I can't
from like standstill I can't jump all
right here's one other here's one of the
bug I've noticed you see the bottom of
the screen they have these little
context move things like in Gears of War
has like jump around the governor the
cover cover and jump over the cover
jump to the side of the cover here's
here's one for going forward Brett now
here's what happens when I try to
execute that there's a go forward he
slides weirdly to the left
that's like go to the side that works
normal jump over the cover that works
normal but this one here where you're
supposed to like skate around in front
whoop weird bug
that's a lot of missiles
I'll fuckin sniper
you pray just had a cool-down this
double damage is fucking rule it is
really fucking brutal
you probably don't notice your care but
oh it's brutal
rich why everyone loves Star Trek and
Star Wars why no love for Babylon 5
because nobody can make it through the
boring ass pilot that's why I tried
yeah it's totally my fault
I was after
shotgun and this is so fun because they
great fucking knockdown
oh it's glorious
glorious knock them
and all the things dead nope hiding like
in a crate
that's good the sniper reference of
operating that can be useful
swish well switch my weapons up a little
bit why the hell not
look dad sucked dad sucked
all right let's try not sucking that
might be a fun idea let's use this song
have that fucker tries to jump at me
again
looks like they altered the physics of
these saw blades someone not seeing it
seems to us straightforward now it used
to go in like a sweeping arc and it's
different it's different
fucking soldier walk in front of me and
block my shot dick
Oh No
I haven't I haven't showed this off much
you can target parts I like that heavy
machine gun fully upgraded nice
look at that look at that slow motion oh
wait that didn't take your legs off that
was did they nerf the fuck out of the
saw gun and the PC version for no reason
yes they did
Wow they used to be pretty sweet all
right we gotta get my shotgun back how
about that
this is gonna be fun
no this is not an open-world game you
cannot go anywhere on the cylinder it's
pretty pretty straightforward linear
action game
all right that changed some of the
weapons this gun used to like carry them
away and some kind of like magnetic wave
now just kind of like hits them and they
blow up which is much less exciting just
went through him Wow that rain you know
they're like a really limited range to
they ruin the LFE gun ruined it
maybe just doesn't the bigger enemies
robot crash shot
shit's bullshit that was bullshit
yeah mediocre
mediocre
Ezri level went down she gonna
let's get past this fucking Park bro
okay I'll activate the engine and
javelina handle the rest
Elena can you I check the signal
negative the jamming signal is encrypted
damn yes this one's up to me
stupid now your attempts to troll me
with fury road are just well they're
really pathetic because I see straight
through it absolutely right through
asshole yes this part yes is my house
hums dumb
ah
well that's such all right section just
kicking my ass
used to cut off parks man saw gun why
why have you betrayed me
lolly ruined it
they ruined it they seem like guaranteed
D living
that seemed to do more damage but I
really miss look look I'll work that
time we're just finishing
is your time decapitating with bulb D
living with bullets now yeah well yeah
well
launchers
see if I can bring that weapon with me
yep
wait am I
even made flying merry-go-rounds you're
welcome to take a ride I just stand it
quickly you won't be able to take that
installation down with standard fire
shit
better ticket out for our reinforcements
are coming home okay for that red car
don't stop shooting till you're out of
ammo
there's gotta be something we could
shoot out on that day
Janet
I think we could shoe that on that day
he's gotta be something we can shoot out
on that fire
we get hit by anything
what switched nope
there's gotta be something we can shoot
out on that day
one more shotgun go back a second biack
oh I want to be ink
it's gotta be something we can shoot at
on that today
fuck
whoo
that feels bad for not liking Roger
Moore's bond very much no you don't feel
bad about that it's not like you didn't
like Roger Moore personally but he's not
my favorite bond either he might be my
least favorite bond
hi everybody I'd say various how you
doing so much for your right on this
yeah I stirred a little bit earlier
today
it's me why did you attack we were
supposed to be cooperating do you take
me for a fool
cooperation is mutual exploitation we
have merely exploited you first what are
you saying it is time to move on we will
speak again after your unconditional
surrender
yes sir
Joerg on foot from here Elena what's the
status on the road yep I am I am
streaming tonight make wishes out forgot
to stream a little bit of it looks like
Hillary Clinton won in the Vanquish
Universe
jump over the thing
he was blind now the fuckin exactly like
that
nope nope
which Evans is the reason Trump won you
know I'm one voter out of hundreds of
millions of voters maybe maybe it was
bad candidate that happened hey those
things
I'm not
maybe I am
that you can an arm off again
I'll be next to that
Shh it was really starting to fucking
kick my ass
that's what's killing me
shotgun to the face it's a solution to
most problems in life
not what I was after but it'll do
this is gonna be fun
Jews
maybe kind of dumb
easy easy peasy
or not I died way too many times in that
section wait too many machine guns but
shotguns out of ammo super 35 the skies
are not clear Elena
is there anywhere they can land there's
a landing zone up ahead good super 35
will rendezvous there
Elena how should we proceed if you cross
the drawbridge and cut through the
terminal you'll end up right on top of
the highway your average is up then
you're just going to have to find the
manual controls on the other side
burns have super 35 land on the aplans
favorite favorite Stanley Kubrick film
well you know what if I could take like
the first half of the film it would be
full metal jacket right anything with
the drill instructor what was his name
Bob Emory Emory oh god I can't I can't
remember his name
everything with him is freaking gold but
overall I don't know I'm not a Whore guy
but I can appreciate the shining
I can hardly Emperor me thank you Urmi I
I could appreciate the shining is
well-made but there's a lot to be said
for dr. Strangelove I think I think the
message here is that Cooper has made
good films
the
tiny slow missiles go by my head it's
cute it's adorable come on
fucking leg off alright you just die
I'll take it either way
yeah
but not gonna hit enter this British is
supposed to go down on its own what am I
missing
Who am I forgetting now stepping way
longer than it should have Jase
for a moment get off the damn transport
that's my thing
dad I didn't have a shotgun tried to use
this thing like a shotgun
Oh God Oh God where we at where we at
oh shit oh shit that was not good
that's one tough main gun
no problem
oh come on
seal them you get a weapon then grups I
think at the helm you got it before I
could heal him jerk sensitive jerk I
think we're gonna play this stupid get
past the bridge
a little bit longer I'm almost I'm
almost done for the day
shotgun power have nothing but machine
guns on me right now which is cool but
this game is such a great shotgun
when's the no death stream not tonight
I'm I'm getting reacquainted - new
button placements I keep keep bud
reloading when I want to go into cover
and vice versa really throw me off
also there's a curve button where you
get more damage the higher the framerate
is which is killing me more than
anything right now I think
flying them flying guy got me flying gun
got me dead
how is that
joyless says executive horse wife the
adjective lazy people use when they
can't think of a legitimate reason they
don't like a movie no it just means they
didn't have any fun the movie wasn't fun
you have a good time that was joyless
deal with it
how to good time to run out of bursts
not a good time to out of bursts
well fuck
what
all right way to pass the bridge I think
I think I'm done for the night
getting getting my groove back on
getting used to my new Mouse which I
kind of love many Mouse the right
SteelSeries rival 500 buttons fucking
love you buttons
Wow full night full night full night of
vanquish all right do we have torture up
here yes we do all right this is the
point in the stream where I am going to
thank the people who helped make the
stream possible people like purple space
bazooka 428 fucking months in a row
purple space música says hi guys happy
early Memorial Day great to see vanquish
up PC and thank you for everything have
a great weekend well thank you very much
but no space mazurka loner are gone for
33 months in a row loner Archon says
it's Friday why am I still here you got
nothing better to do I guess
tipping s hard or was it typing you know
tipping as a heart I something to say
that the dude 1944 429 fucking months in
a row Master Kenobi double-oh-seven
436 motherfucking months in a row Master
Kenobi double-oh-seven says I see six
the first time I don't know I'm a
dumbass Master Kenobi double-oh-seven
says wow three years of good times
thank you guys so much for your gaming
and your conversation
we may call you hack frauds from time to
time but you're really quite talented in
what you do thanks for being the most
likable gamers on Twitch thank you
master Kenobi thank you very much sanyo
Freston for 13 months or oh then do
orbiston and ex Mensa for 35 fucking
months in a row says thanks for the
stream rich you are welcome thank you
all for showing up thank you all for
subscribing thank you for everything I
really appreciate it and so does Jack
alright have a nice night
