Aug 31, 2017
Friday the 13th: The Game
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/174010840
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_mtXJRhHiTc
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/903313964095983618

now and they can hear us hey sorry we
still had it muted from when we stopped
the last episode so you couldn't hear
anything anyway so the the camera wasn't
working another cameras working so we're
here so now we have Friday the 13th with
smaller maps I don't know why that's a
benefit to anyone I don't know I don't
know why either rich but being to people
who have a lot of hours into Friday the
13th it's play it show it off I just I
just could have moved on from this game
that was back we don't need to it
doesn't need to be like part of your
regular rotation anymore but it you know
this is a slight make up stream because
twitch was having some problems
yesterday for those who missed it oh no
I'm play knows the wrong character for
going it alone
for those who missed it yesterday we I
mean we delved into some deep topics the
twitch Terms of Service the it was a
brief no I rode my bike here so I'm a
little out of breath but it's fine I got
my bike all fixed it was such a night it
was such a nice bike ride today the only
problem is I've recently I've recently
purchased Beyonce's lemonade album and I
was really hoping to listen to it but I
forgot to transfer it over to my phone
so I couldn't listen to it on my bike
ride over I'm very sorry
you should be I'm really excited to
listen to it alright so what map is this
oh I hope the old maps are still around
oh look at this new new intro oh that's
fine
so is this regular Camp Crystal Lake or
small cramped Crystal Lake did you get
to make a choice no this looks different
yeah this is definitely different okay
what do you mean in what way oh yeah I
see you the cars over there yeah the car
is never by the by the shed Oh
interesting very into it more like
cramped Crystal Lake nice more echo just
do it right just do it you got this
we've got this oh wait wait here
what are you doing I wanted somebody
smarter to put the battery in and now
he's running away with the battery here
come here
no you know what he's doing a troll oh
yeah they they all they had an extra
battery there we go okay he's not doing
a troll I'm not doing a troll doobie
sandwich just wants to give a round of
applause for such an excellent joke on
nerd crew great job rich thank you thank
you I actually haven't seen it yet I saw
that came out this morning and I was
busy doing other stuff so I haven't had
a chance to see it yet unfortunately but
I'll watch it later oh they make the
windows frosted so they're easier to
tell when they're opening closed yeah is
that a problem people jump through the
windows all the damn time I don't know
maybe they made it frosted so it's
harder for Jason to peek in them Wow
it's me I'm looking forward to it and
I'm looking forward to it the nerd crew
episode I saw it and I just I don't know
why didn't didn't get around to it I
wish I had a map so I could see how much
they shrunk this shit
harder to peek out yeah maybe thank you
for coming back chicken Macbeth ox I
know that was that was it was weird
yesterday everyone was having outages
though like you apparently you couldn't
even go to the twitch like main page
they were having such issues no no real
word on what the problem was but we're
here tonight playing some Friday the
13th I have a story to tell about Mario
wait wait I have gas I'm away to the
four-seater I can't repair it that one
Bugsy all right doing great doing great
so today I was playing instead of
watching the nerd career video I was
playing more Rabbids Mario yeah and my
kids came into my office and they're
watching me play rabbits Mario and they
think it's really funny of course
because you know they're children and I
get
that's a fast throw trapped it yeah I
know that's fully trapped fully trapped
o matic rich
that's fine you did your part rich you
did your part you got the castor I know
I get distracted when is by the for
shader gases by the for cedar I always
get distracted telling a story when
something interesting happens during the
game and I'm sorry about that so I'm
playing Mario rabbits the boys see that
I have unlocked Princess Peach and she
is in my party
yeah and they go oh you know what you
should do you should have Mario Luigi
and Peach play together and I said I
know I know I should do that honestly
rigid that was their first thought was
was you should have Mario Luigi and
Peach play together right yeah and you
know like the only reason that you have
to have a rabbit in your team is someone
there knew that if the if there was the
option available to not have a rabbit
everyone would choose that and they
wanted to shoehorn in these dumbass
Rabbids into the game why is that funny
cause burr because last night after I
unlocked Princess Peach that was the
very first thing I wanted to do was get
rid of the Rabbids which I hate and you
are unable to have a team of Peach Luigi
and Mario you need at least one rabid in
your team and I hey and you have to have
Mario in your team too you're always
forced to have Mario in your team and
you need at least one rabid it's very
annoying
that's what I say to read war four four
three two one I'd really dislike the
rammons was I able to fish the broken
bits of VHS tape out of the Nintendo 64
no I just threw it away because it's non
functioning it's non functioning and my
new ones non functioning I was able to
return it and get a refund but they
don't have another one in stock so good
news bad news hit Jason to help that
person up dumbass
they did they did that's not gonna work
he's already stunned wasn't waste does
he get stunned again no he's got the gas
oh she's putting it in now nice
in the car get in the car get in the car
what are you doing what are you doing
yeah bitch hit him hit him with your bat
hit him with your back
oh no we have a not good driver what it
what are you doing what do you do an
Ironman had a jerk maybe not maybe not
okay
why have you stay out there to hit Jason
cuz he's gonna there you go what what
are you doing did you see rich playing
with with mutton did i see rich playing
with the knob on his boots when you do a
review do i ever see rich playing with
the knob on his boots when we do a view
oh you put you play with your shoe while
we talk big fuckin deal
rich rich fidgets he's a fidgeter so no
when when we are doing the actual review
I don't notice actually even when I'm
editing I don't really notice
again
Oh
dude oh my lord
and where's Jason in all this where's
Jason I'm Elvis rich oh oh if someone
got the two-seater that's where Jason is
in all this
I have some of the the finest boxed wine
I could get all the way over here mmm
boxed wine it's red it's a red boxed
wine and it's a small box and so I could
bring it in my bike I'm pure class I
know it's a boat a boat a mini so it's
like a box wine that you can take to the
park they do they make box wine that
small so you can take them to go which
is very nice when you're riding your
bike and calori Jack's drinking his diet
wine abso-fucking-lutely this is the I
can have I can basically have that that
box of wine what you wanna go next sure
I can have approximately two glasses of
red wine on my desk we'll get a better
camera and go forth well master good
time you get out yeah that's good only
sinaia old men drink boxed wine well
count me in I'll take it
they don't make wine in boxes the size
and shape of kids juice boxes that would
be that would be dangerous for children
they do make wine in cans now which I
can only imagine tastes horrible just
wine in an aluminum can yeah but you
know what it is what it is
yes favorite customer an extra stream
because yesterday twitch was being silly
so will you get an extra stream today
covered in spiders says good job rich in
the latest nerd crew video thank you
it's funny how natural you look in those
giant glasses hi jack
eye that's the thing you know what box
wine is not like a box wine used to have
a bad rap but now there's fancy boxed
wine where it's still cheap as shit and
but it doesn't taste like ass
what'd ya know there you go you can have
that was there an actual fire yes an
unplanned fire actually really that was
legit oh how fun I can't wait to see
this episode I didn't get to experience
for that long I wasn't when left fond of
that tiny map Jack wasn't that fond of
it you played it for ten oh I know what
we're gu he were giving it chances yeah
the big question is rich do they still
have the original maps that's what I
want to know and then how do you tell
the difference like here's the thing if
I were still playing and the old map
still exists yeah I'm so tempted to drop
out every time I saw the new map oh it's
weird that you can't like oh wait I
wonder if you can customize you know
like well I don't even I don't even know
for sure that the old maps are still a
thing I don't know either
yes they do have the old maps to okay
oh look pack an axe small it out so
it'll tell you yeah all right
can I turn off the small maps well
change your character are you going with
yeah change your character we want yeah
Debra de Bora we want to Bora no turning
off small maps so now there's even more
incentive to drop out early because now
that's something I want to start doing
alright I keep making this game worse
yeah okay now we're already map size was
never this games problem no it wasn't
but it'll tell us what map it is that Oh
so the professional is choosing Crystal
Lake small oh we got Crystal Lake small
like a canary but packing a key change
your back pack an X Monica change back
the old pack of Maca change back small
so now we get to see what packing X mall
is what are they gonna bring in loot
boxes what should usually cosmetic and I
get ignore it yeah oh wait is this the
update with uh we need to set our our
emotes well is this the update with the
emotes i wanna i want to go like this
you can do it go like that oh hey look
another is this an no this isn't a new
intro oh oh it is yay let's see that's
fun that's oh wait I might be Jason
I might be Jason I got to remember how
to be Jason
going in the window nope
I've forgotten how to play this game
what next I'll take an X Oh gasps good
night you landed in the best house
apparently look at this axes bats vest
yes there's there's all sorts of shit
over here okay someone's in there so I'm
going to assume that they're calling
Tommy Jarvis someone's in there don't
people do things that makes sense
two-seater a running away see if we can
find the four seater
what do you think it is
trying to be good here but I don't know
this map so I don't know where the car
spun maybe this way
good job yesterday rich comparing George
Lucas voice night my George Lucas voice
to depress Kermit the Frog
absolutely that's not even a comparison
that's how I do George Lucas I am when I
do George Lucas's voice I am just doing
a depressed version of a Kermit the Frog
impression right a little bit there's a
little bit of blinken and Lucas just me
do it right all right look in for a car
do it I don't like maybe you have that
perk where you start with the map The
Rainbow Connection it's whatever you
know that it's probably magic but a
beautiful movie end song I want to find
the four-seater but she had man
well two-seaters already got gas so this
is go well yeah I'm not dead so you know
that's something
why are we streaming today because
twitch was having problems yesterday and
a lot of people couldn't watch a stream
yeah yeah apparently uh for hours we
were streaming for about three hours
before people showed up before people
could show up you know and before twitch
got its shit together we said we'd we'd
do it make them here we are and so you
know okay that's the two-seater that
already has gas let's check over here
maybe it's something crazy like I guess
it's not gonna be over there there's not
many other places that could oh I think
they're gone for I think there's a shot
Jason Shack maybe that why are you
letting your stamina completely run out
Oh cuz I'm not paying attention is why
because I'm not paying attention at all
Oh tell me
I am completely and utterly not used to
playing this game do you want to go
ahead T yeah
and ask him where the four Cedars hey
man where do you know where the four
cedar is nope
okay all right you see the big road in
front of you yeah let's so this is
vaguely packing AK nope up there it is
that's insanely close yeah Jason's
nearby the music just ended suddenly
Jason's nearby in stock he's in the
water he's gonna come up and murder you
no I hear music there's music and this
traps all over thanks fix what
fix what isn't broken break what isn't
right great shit we use new keys you
think of the reason Friday the 13th
updates if they significantly improve
the games this is the first time we're
seeing them I personally hate the idea
of smaller Maps just do if keys looks
like it is nope
all right all right get in but where do
you go huh
I shouldn't shoot him totally huh
should have jerked him listen he was in
front of me
you sure jumped him can you go through
the woods huh don't do anything crazy
now
and the world's best backwards driver
that's it that's it not there alright
alright you so make it we could still
make it okay I'm making it okay I'm
making it
that way just back up just back up
they'll do anything building he's gonna
get Freddie ah
we're Tommy you can't kill me anymore
Tommy oh I think I think you can with a
shotgun stone no no that wouldn't make
sense because when people killed each
other they were doing it with shotgun
yeah I think you can't do with the
shotgun anymore maybe he Tommy knows
where he's going
see if Tommy can get out of my mess oh
well somebody might be able to use the
car hope now you won't be able to start
that in time you won't be able to start
that in time
what are you doing Tommy oh you dumb ass
well maybe you didn't press the right
button or did they make Jason bigger I
don't think so Oh Kimmy get out Tommy
help why is there Thursday stream I'm
old I'm confused that schedule changes
no schedule change yesterday twitch was
having major major problems and a lot of
people could not watch the stream
yesterday and so this is like a bonus
stream and we wanted to check out the
Friday the 13th smaller maps and so it's
like a little excuse to do that so then
we're here we're here checking it out no
that's a great idea I like it all right
don't care about any of these like
Yahoo's all right
thoughts on upcoming Texas Chainsaw
Massacre prequel
it's called Leatherface it's an origin
story it's something we don't need but
did they fix greasemonkey yep
did it seem like you started the car
fast rich it's been so long since I've
played I don't even know if I could
afford forty five percent faster that
would be noticeable did the car seem
like it started fast
maybe Oh people are saying nope fix the
things you need to fix alright this we
don't need that I'm going with the
Paradis so we get a fucking map there
you go
now you're talking now you're talking
night all's good perks have not been
adjusted great that's but you know they
fixed that team kill thing you were
saying it's something we don't need but
oh sure the Texas Chainsaw Massacre
prequel there's something we absolutely
do not need but you never know sometimes
you'll get a good movie out of shit like
that which obviously like is a really
nothing statement but you know one of
the things I worry about is like the
part of the whole mystique of Texas
Chainsaw Massacre is that you like it
doesn't have an origin story they just
stumble across this weird ass house with
weird ass people in it and that's part
of the fun you know I'll always be
optimistic there's a there's a chance
anything could be good a chance not a
chance
alright I'm gonna assume I'm going to
assume with smaller maps yeah Delta's
lost some of its value if you've got a
small map sure sure okay baby I'm trying
they don't try any of you you're used to
the switch the switch ba no no what
happened oh oh there you go
is the Dawn of the Dead remake better
than Land of the Dead
I haven't seen her actually you haven't
seen the remake yeah part the first the
first 15 minutes I've seen that they
earned it on TV fucking great
like the little girl in the house the
the the opening with with Johnny Cash's
the man comes around I don't like fast
zombies down sure sure no overall it's
it's pretty schlocky and all right so
I'm bringing a map cuz I figure that's
smart that's super smart yes that's what
we need metal hast a Texas Chainsaw
Massacre prequel directed by Paul Feig
making an improv comedy out of Texas
Chainsaw Massacre that would be weird
enough that I'd be down to see it all
female all-female improv based Texas
Chainsaw Massacre prequel directed by
Paul Feig I would pay twice to see that
it would be so weird rich don't you
think yes just like a leather face like
riffing that's uh that's although that's
the word on the street yeah is jacket
Johnny Cash man I'm I'm not a fan where
I probably can't name more than five of
his songs but I've enjoyed most of the
things I've heard a boy named Sue is a
damn fine song damn fine song my name is
sue how do you do I'm gonna kill you
guys are going with normal Higgins
there's the old maps are still there
mm-hmm but like I I don't think I've
ever owned a Johnny Cash album except
for a while you know like everyone had
his um what was it called America vol 1
his cover album yeah that's worth like
the man comes around and yeah and his
his rendition of hurt yeah and his
rendition of own personal Jesus is
pretty great yeah yeah produced by Rick
Rubin who the fuck is the famous 90s
producer okay if i if i remember that
correctly i believe he is the like i
think he did like Red Hot Chili Peppers
and like some hip-hop acts and a lot of
parties doesn't he knock down doors
pretty fast yeah is this live this is
live Sun yo HD welcome rich someone was
hoping if if you have the the mental
capacity they were hoping that you could
explain your dislike of fast zombies
fast zombies are our jump scares they're
just chasing real fast there's none of
the psychological horror of a walking
corpse while I will agree it wouldn't be
as much of a legitimate threat there is
less actual horror value for me in the
fast zombie this is what we're talking
about yesterday suspense versus surprise
you want you want the slow tension of
the ever growing horror the slow zombie
is death embodied it really is there you
you you can run from it it's gonna get
you in the end though and you can't
really hide mm-hmm
unstoppable unrelenting and then just
just visually just because there's
well it's more like they're dead rather
than they're just like monsters
sure I see fast zombies really they're
just monsters that's a fair points
losing all of the psychology of what
makes the zombies such a horrifying
concept yeah no that's a that's an
absolutely fair point the screen is
black it shouldn't be black it's dark
it's dark but you should be able to see
stuff so I you know what rich I'm gonna
go ahead and agree with you I I dislike
to the Dawn of the Dead remake for a lot
of all poor Puggsy for a lot of like
technical filmmaking reasons I just you
know I don't much care for Zack Snyder
right but you know it's fine I've
actually never seen 28 days later or 28
hours later zombies I have anything
Sammy's but I hear it's very good and
it's been on my list of movies to see
for ever and I just never got around to
it
but days 20 days later 28 hours later is
the is the one with James Franco right
we have an escape plan we just need to
find gas what do you got oh we got that
boat nice right the first time
days oh that's right the James Franco
one was a hundred and twenty seven hours
which is different than 28 days later
killed I am going this other way what
are my problems with Snyder's Dawn of
the Dead shit talking is always fun I
felt like he focused Snyder is he likes
the visuals and he likes the the big
dramatic visuals and he's not too good
at character building like the the
original Dawn of the Dead we need to
sneak around these people and make a way
to the boat is less about the zombies
and more about you know in general
humanity what happens when they are
fortified and bored in the mall is the
meat of that movie you know the thing
about Night of the Living Dead isn't
necessarily about the zombies it's about
the people trying to survive in the
house and dealing with their anger and
Zack Snyder more cares just about this
is an awesome visual I remember seeing
it in the theaters and being like okay
with it and then I watched it later I
rented it with my cousin and we watched
it because we had heard later that Zack
Snyder was from Green Bay let's give
that Dawn of the Dead remake another
shot a local filmmaker right and he
started the DVD by saying like this is
the director's cut and this is a more
personal cut for me the studio let me
like have the final say for this D
and I'm really happy to have that and
all it featured was an extra sex scene
that was it and after that I just knew
Snyder was an absolute nob yes hi
everyone I know if I find the gas I
can't carry it but I think locating is
very important sure but like the thing
that's really upsetting about Zack
Snyder is there are certain things that
he can do yes
are you just still alive I'm gonna guess
he teleported to the car we fucked up
the battery that's the assumption I am
running on it's a fair assumption rich
anyway his ex enters a knob he's a knob
oh so no Zack Snyder does certain things
really well
hold on richest rich has to check
something we're gonna let him
concentrate for example like I said
better keep him busy keeping busy
keeping busy that opening can busy see
I'm busy keep end the zombie fucking
busy that's fine that's fine the zombie
fucking busy montage of Dawn of the Dead
is fucking brilliant and it's a really
great way to set up the world like he
did a really good job of shocking people
into setting up the world the same thing
that he did in Watchmen the only new
part of Watchmen you know that that
wasn't from the comics was that montage
of getting us acclimated to the world
and he did a great fucking job you can
do it rich you can I
oh shit
oh they added like boobies those are
been there oh yeah yeah nice rich yes
you did it you did it
nice yeah rich when repairing rich
prefers the mouse yeah because it it
like left and right even though you're
with them right mouse buttons they'll be
yelled our our this controller just
punch in front of weird shit than I
agree so in case the the things that
Zack Snyder does well some trapezoid
symbol with two letters in it what the
fuck is that weird that a trapezoid I
only work in parallelograms in any case
it's it's a shame I think I think really
Zack Snyder Zack Snyder should be a
cinematographer he has he has a decent
eye when making movies but he's not very
good at storytelling or dealing with
actors come with me if you want to live
didn't work out for him
first time used available time you're
gonna die it out very much gonna die
he's very much gonna do they have there
goes watch the clouds one bag of tricks
and he doesn't really know that's just
thinking like he know he like Zack
Snyder knows how to make things look
cool the thing he doesn't know is how is
when not to use that like there are some
times where you don't need to make
something look super cool and badass you
just tell a story the only one to get
out you did it rich only one to get out
did it that was that was a nice match
you did great that was tense when I saw
him out by that boat yeah I knew he was
gonna find me I knew it was gonna be
dead then they fucked up with the
battery would be my assumption mmm-hmm
and then he heard him yep yeah gotta go
gotta go nice pretty sure Zack Snyder
would even manage to fuck up a music
video I think he'd make a fine music
video I think he'd make a really good
music video Baden by the way if you'll
notice when I thought Jason was gonna
come in and find me near the boat I
dropped the propeller just cuz I did not
want him to see me with a propeller
because then he would know for sure what
I was up to that's true that's true
300 did the speed up slow-motion way too
much it was totally hackneyed not at the
time remember at the time that was that
was a list ik choice that was like the
grande machismo of 300 I'll defend the
300 for being action schlock because
that's what it is and he made it look
cool because that movie is literally not
a
anything else it's just about the style
yeah yeah
and so like go all in with the style but
then he said he tried to tell stories
and have characters like there's no care
there's no fucking characters in 300
there's beef Kim now we're leaving this
shit I thought it was totally corny it
was totally corny that's why I liked it
that's I like I like corny action movies
the thing headed sequel is better dump
slot how do you do a sequel to 300
they're all dead
this oh yeah they did happened they did
do a sequel how no no no unmute here
they go I accidentally muted you they
did it was called what was a call
there's called 300 and of an empire the
600
I like that 300 squared just 3d six over
three hundreds shit right on traffic all
right you might be able to get out of
this after them
what there you go there you go okay okay
I see the guy so this is a small map all
right I don't remember where you left
off with tips because I was playing
where you reading tips oh you know I
read like one so I think you're safe
wouldn't no matter what you reading I
might be rereading one on this fine
great
Carlos ax 2 1 3 says inspired by your
streams yeah I watched the first Friday
the 13th movies for the first time oh I
have to say they're kind of bad yeah
can't believe some of them were banned
in Germany which Friday the 13th movies
are a must-see I don't know if any of
them are a must-see I will tell you this
I I think Freddy vs. Jason is fun just
for the pure spectacle of it all mm-hmm
and I think I think that we're smart
enough to write that movie as pure
fanservice here are the things that have
to happen and we'll just do those things
the guy we got we got Jason and one of
Freddy's nightmares see we can see what
Jason's night is if we could look at
Freddy he comes to the real world he
goes to Crystal Lake then they fight and
Chris you know they did the things yeah
here's the scene the Freddy or where
Jason kills teenages oh yeah let me put
let me put the get let me put the get
fuck you just get out of there get out
of her um keep taking her weapon first
no I'll let Jason find her and then I'll
sneak out the back I don't think that's
how that's gonna happen yeah Jason will
find her and then I'll sneak out the
back well you sneak out the back now and
then you get even more distance between
you because she might she might have the
keys
she's still filling up that goddamn gas
tank course she is
she's Vanessa right here sorry Vanessa
mm-hmm well at least we know where the
gas tank is all right so Freddy vs.
Jason James good fanservice
I like the one that everyone hates I
love Jason X because it is just an
amazing schlock absolutely
abso-fucking-lutely Jason and space
mother he becomes like I do think that
everyone needs to see the first one just
for cultural context you know like this
is the first one even the best for
cultural context cuz it's not even Jason
and that's the other reason why people
needs to see the first one so they know
it's not Jason
cultural context it's like the third or
fourth that's what you think of when you
think of Jason is three where he gets
the mass reason where he gets the mask
yeah maybe if the everyone needs to see
three then you know you could be right
but I still think the first one like has
its so first and third see the first in
the third
slowly head back now hoping that Jason
moved on Nana says something for you
read and it's about Michael Cain voice
oh God I'm gonna say it for posterity
okay okay I can't do it as Michael Caine
though you don't care easy peasy lemon
squeezy
that's like the best Michael Caine I
could do and it's absolutely awful
yeah just just like mine you can try you
can try doing it out of range of the
trap you it's possible like do it from
there oh yeah definitely fuck this is
totally my fault cuz I told you to try
that stupid thing absolutely stupid
thing help help
nice I'm not fucked stop moving if you
watch play we need
I'm just gonna be near as many other
people the same save summer a cup it's
not moving if anybody has health spray
we would really appreciate it you got it
you got it okay who's got keys stop
moving
does anybody hit does anybody have keys
okay four seater tell me go to four yeah
they know they know below they'll know I
have a suspicion with a name like
samurai cop they're listening to the
string yeah I agree
gotta sell that gotta sell that stay
together you have to stay together it's
gonna be a melee it's gonna be a battle
you can do it okay I I have faith in you
wait wait you wanted to stay on Jason
six you ran right in front of him you
said stay together close together not
split up but still don't run in front of
Jason's line of sight you can
like someone's in the car they're coming
back to stay with everyone else they're
coming back I could feel it Jack he
doesn't see me he's gone to the car
grab those with the keys just in case
backup strat Jack backup Strads got him
what's going on with the yellow car
does anybody have somebody's fixing the
did Tommy just fix the battery oh no no
way that's a four-seater
okay you're gonna have to help yeah yeah
you have Tommy coming a groupie you're
gonna have to just beat it out of Jason
it's fine that's fine run run run go
straight to that car go straight to that
car no he's got to you he knows he does
everyone else
oh if only there was a pole you know
what that would be great for the game a
play dead option my name is Texas play
dead play dead wouldn't that be great
you hit a button and you can just like
do this and then Jason goes did I kill
that like like you could you could do it
like under someone else's corpse I want
that the four-seaters ready to go that
was a fine game thank you for your help
a samurai cop thank you so much for your
help
did you you didn't make it out of here
once again this is my fault I gave you
bad advice it's my fault no cuz it could
have worked I've seen it work before
yeah like I still took I took the advice
deathball but with robot leg says hello
boys I spent a lot of time in a hospital
lately and I want to thank you for
providing countless hours of
entertainment while I was recovering
from my surgery that sucks
yeah being just trapped in a hospital
never done that myself you ever spend
some time oh man I've had to spend a
couple days like just in a hospital and
like you know you get real tired of
sitting and watching TV after a while
nightmare yeah yeah it's not it's not
fun I have some friends who are nurses
too and they say you know like that's
just a lot of our day is making sure we
just go into the room so they talk to
people yes people can go crazy we're
like yeah we do nerf stuff too but when
we make rounds we like spend some time
and talk to the patient make sure that
they're you know just conversing with
people visible string says what are your
earliest video game memories what are
some of the first games you remember
really getting into pong and pac-man
yeah probably my earliest video game
memory is me my grandma had pong she had
pound for what which was four different
versions of pong yeah yeah and then I
think my dad got a NES and he would
always yell at me playing duck hunt
because I put the gun right up next to
the TV because I was like that's how you
can shoot the Ducks right away and he's
like you're supposed to be back I was
like it doesn't say anything like that
in the rules gun right observe TV did it
feel satisfactory I was a kid I didn't
know any better I was a goddamn kid rich
kids don't know shit about shit you got
to get to that car oh there it is you
got it you got it get in Jason uh-huh
Jason's right here too what else you
gonna do you need to stand on them or
something
like it back backwards driving is a
must-have skill it is it is in Friday
the 13th nice
there you go Jack nice your body just
won on a ride oh you can make it you can
oh oh shit Oh excellent effort koala
games excellent effort
that's true our Merlin like that's
that's that's the thing that sort of
like I was talking about with it with my
nurse friends and like just just sitting
in a hospital and not having your life
to you is so draining
so Everett be kind to your nurses
everyone they are there putting in the
work they are putting in the gas tank
work trade yeah
Oh what was I supposed to say something
as Michael Caine right
easy peasy something what did we do when
we fall easy peasy lemon squeezy let me
ask you a question sir what do we do
when we're fall when I tell you what
it's easy peasy lemon squeezy my
girlfriend is a nurse Oh
treat her well treat her well nurses are
underappreciated frite that lady well
and you know also treat her well because
if you ever you know like earn some
serious trouble she'll be there to help
you like if you break your leg you want
to be next to the nurse oh right what
would go yeah Darth Maul but with Robo
you said that one already invisible
strings you said that one too
great
you live in California we really what do
you live what a strange conversation
we've we've come come across did he say
Newburgh he did
that's a meme right now a way of saying
the n-word without really saying it I
think they know each other though cuz
he's King and they don't was spayed and
they each had card things DivX 93 thank
you for saving my ass without you
yes DivX 93 of samurai cop we would have
I would have been lost minutes before we
almost had it I think we came close we
came for I gave Jack Van advise he
should not have gone to start the car I
should have dropped the gas went to look
for a pocket knife right not dipper
dipper or nipper well the the getting
caught in the trap and went in the gap
that ended up actually kind of working
what well kill Joe was when I said when
everyone was in The Boathouse and I said
no no go to the car start the car and
that was just bad advice oh that yeah
that was bad advice yeah that was bad
advice Jason some Oh Jason saw me look
we understand well you'll see the map in
a second standard map
I know I've never played our gun no no
that's a small map right have I played
Arkham City no oh oh sure all right well
Wow
all right like right a fucking way oh
that's a great kill
enjoy that Gilliland sorry King like
that's just where you teleported yeah
that's some bad luck for King me they
were afk we weren't doing anything they
were making me he was making plans to go
to the water park
they had a bet but I think they had the
slugger / sure
hmm yep too busy dreaming about water
parks Oh got a double trap it got a
double trap it man
he was still loading no oh yeah oh all
right you just didn't get the sound
because he went away and that's funny
but don't pity trap up a pity trap
nobody likes you yellow yeah I still
like one of these days I really would
like to go and finish Arkham Asylum I
feel it probably will never ever happen
but I'd like to I don't know if I'd ever
get around to Arkham City but I'd like
to do that when stardew valley comes to
the switch i'd like to have that be my
go to bathroom game and make a complete
coffee farm that's that'd be my only
goal is to have every single plan be a
coffee bean I think that'll be fun yeah
I mean we saw you go out the window man
you go you gotta pay attention to what
we're doing footsteps the game isn't
that long I think I was at the poison
ivy section last time I stopped playing
it nice nice nice catch
you know what I have heard of golf story
and it does look really fun golf story
looks like looks like a hoot that was
really dumb whoever did that were they
hoping you would be distracted and not
paying attention to them most likely
they'd an accident Gulf Story spoiler
poison ivy is the last boss before Joker
oh then I'm really close because I just
got to poison ivy yep hey rich
excellent job breaking down that door
earlier that really paid off for you
right there
that's great strats golf story for those
people who don't know it's an old-school
like RPG that's revolving around like
the world of golf and so like you
upgrade your golf club and you have to
like go golfing on courses but then like
go to the villagers and talk to all the
town's folk but then you just golf
instead of fight monsters and it looks
adorable Gulf and I know I keep saying
Gulf and I meant to say golf but I'm
saying Gulf all right they've broken
some things I mean it makes sense you
were swinging directly into the hole so
there's somebody not too far from here
let's take it let's take out some lights
what yeah that's a that's a good plan
right that's a good plane you gotta have
you gotta have your plans do you enrich
like maniac mansion did you like maniac
mansion right yeah what the fuck did
they do did you break it yeah I did it
did not make a sound
I mean that's part of the charm of the
game is how buggy it is right maybe
wrong house
sure yeah sure a lot of a lot of
quotations around Cheung oh that one
worked
oh nice
nope knife they just did the big DLC
update and now that's why we have so
many bugs mixing huh oh come IXY in
where ya dog where you hand
I like it just knock down doors I have
no thoughts on Battlefront - except for
wait is that the new battlefront - or
the old Star Wars Battlefront - for like
the PlayStation 2 because I loved that
game that was great fanservice nope well
I'm battery you know med spray so they
are finishing the game there there's a
dedicated team like working on the game
still which came this game huh but it's
going slowly for some reason I don't
know why
here's on GameCube - dammit well I'm
sorry I played it on the plate on the
ps2
huh where's the ad where you a can mix
in we're gonna get you we're gonna get
you where are you I wonder if you got
one of those like hide under the bed and
you can't see him in the house perk or
in the tent hide in the tent perk oh oh
oh
I'm coming see
hahahahahaha you were hiding in the bush
you were hiding in a bush that was the
mad Bush dress he was using my pub G
strats the 13 wrong game commit sin
that's how you hide in pub G any
interest in cuphead it comes out next
month I know like that's the big game
that everyone's been looking at visually
I you know maybe play it on streem home
didn't see a pocket knife yeah then see
a pocket knife where that grab was like
a fifth of a second long oh you know
he's got another one it wasn't one nice
teleport third pocket knife third pocket
knife third pocket knife no pocket knife
wait no oh no pocket knife he's just
escaping yeah oh he must have a super
escape perk then right I hope or it's a
bug
I wonder if there's a way you can like
have a keylogger just smash that like
you know you present you press all to a
and it just smashes it get in the tent
can mix in kit in the tent punch his
head off punch his head off oh you want
to get into the chair yeah yeah
punch his damn head off
he's gonna get out again he's got that
perk man he's got that perk no bug Jenny
can break out the quickest is what
they're saying well there's a oh there
you go
what's that affects how quick you break
out something I actually don't know Gigi
I wonder
composure is what they're saying c'mon
what effects I think that would have
been strength
oh well captain Zora says composure
composure plus strength so maybe like a
mixture all right that's fine it makes
sense that makes sense that's fine it
well and then like if you duplicate that
with like the get out of Jason's grasp
easier perk like yeah you could have the
makings right there did a bunch quit yes
I got like three deaths early and then
suddenly it seemed like there was nobody
in the game oh yeah yeah oh we could do
a two player of cop head well then we'll
probably do that well we'll see if
anyone else comes in come on in
everybody
I guess they went to go to the water
park right that King guy you went to the
water park
RJ McCready what's that thing the thing
I think it wasn't that caress alone the
thing McCready oh you know I don't know
names I don't remember names check and
we confirm thing reference
Magnus love Casey says he yep yep yep
yep yep
that's Russell's character confirmed RJ
McCready I think he's got the same name
in the book yep I don't know I don't
know nothing about no books no Ritchie
still has not seen the thing you totally
yelled at an old lady today while on the
road okay she was in your way it's fine
yeah it's okay to yell at old people as
long as they deserve it yes yes don't
you yell at old people because they're
old
hey you're using up all the oxygen
dickhead like that's mean
don't do that rich are you into movie
some tracks at all that's like a thing
where I'd go around saying yeah man what
am i the things I really like is this
movie soundtracks no that's not like
there are soundtracks and films that I
have liked like my legacy I exclusively
listened to movie soundtracks nothing
else will do if you come at me with that
basic oh this is a rock and roll album
bullshit I ain't having it open the
goddamn door you should check the bottom
room first for the battery or gas oh
wait I don't know if this map is the
same this is the mini-map oh this is
Minnie Higgins Higgins you know what I
usually go to the bottom room first and
then what ends up happening is I get
trapped and I can't go upstairs to look
so I thought I'd go wrapped I'd go
upstairs first
let me get trapped because Jason comes
in by the time window oh no like usually
the best spots to get out usually
usually I would look in the in the
bottom one first then come up and get
trapped up here so I wanted to come up
first and then I'll go down if Jason
doesn't come
on the normal Higgins map yeah because
there is almost always the car parked
right in front of the Higgins house
right the gas and or battery if it
spawns in the big house it's gonna be in
that that middle bottom room yeah so I
check that first and if I see the the
gas or the battery in that room I
immediately get in the car before Jack
puts a poor Jason put the trap down
Jason is the correct one not jack yeah
be either behind that mattress or on the
other side of the door and I don't know
this is like a different version of
Higgins I don't know if the same rules
apply they might not have people
searching those houses all right I mean
I have the map car maybe I'll check out
the barn sometimes it's in the barn
sometimes there's shit in the barn you
guys like the new maps I've always seen
one of them so far they don't look
Despicable watching Jack play them but I
don't I don't really think this game
needed smaller Maps mm-hm I'm not I
don't know I think the intention was
faster more intense gameplay or I don't
know I don't remember what they that's
not necessarily something I wanted out
of this game right I don't know if if
that was their true intention or I don't
really basically I think it was just a
very easy way to double their numbers
you know no now we have six maps but
this game needs this story mode yeah I
wouldn't mind some kind of single-player
element but I know when we get the
single-player for this it's just gonna
be like this with really awful BOTS yeah
it's not gonna be like a fully developed
campaign
rich doesn't like change I don't like
dumb change change for no reason no I
agree I don't I don't think the single
player is going to be as satisfying and
experience I'm not even convinced it
will be it will be finished yeah yeah
I'm not even convinced they've ever
worked on it you know think maybe I
don't have you seen any kind of tees
running away
oh no I've seen nothing man
are you what are you doing go to cars
I'm gonna check out these houses over
here oh right
flashlight
flash light okay why do they even want
single player for this because you know
what because you would be able to be
Jason whenever the fuck you wanted and
you'd be able to take your time with
some of the kills like some of the
environmental is like you saw how hard
it was for me to get conviction in that
goddamn chair environmental you know
what could be a lot easier well not a
single player I think single players
only Jason right like you own presumably
zijn I don't really know what they're
gonna do I believe that's the intention
I can make sure I don't know whether or
not I should tell Jack that because it's
like cheating don't tell me if it's
cheating don't tell me anything you you
should communicate this is why you
should communicate things before you're
dead I'm assuming something is on his
corpse yes
but yeah don't tell me where your corpse
is that is cheating oh nope they are oh
your Tommy Jerry's Tommy did you just
take it to us now and that would be fair
yeah I'll follow you Tommy
I'll follow you Tommy take us with us up
take us to your corpse
okay where where is the fuse box we're
here we're just all here man very fine I
got your back
I'll get your six well then this is hey
then we're getting comedy out of it and
because I don't know where the fuse box
you were there man
what new map new map yeah I do like this
little footbridge that's neat okay all
right that's fun I bet there's an
environmental care with that bucket
don't you think yeah wow this is that
bucket there don't you just kind of want
to see that if I if I think I'm gonna
die I'm gonna try to go to the bridge
and get to the buckets not only were you
near water look at her look at her map
is there any house it's not near water
try north that's fair logic yeah reason
I don't know what these things are I'm
sorry just in case I'm gonna take the
long way the barn maybe I don't think
the fuses ever in the butt well I don't
know about this map though right the
phone and a barn would just be so
fucking weird and be funny not here
infuses what's going on what's the
status of the car nothing they got a
they got a gas tank they got nothing on
top of nothing man the best the goddamn
best don't quote me I'm excited about
this this is gonna be a great run I can
feel it in my bones
only this fun little bridge - it's
adorable
I love adorable little bridges rich I'm
a fan I'm a fan of adorable bridges I'm
just gonna run around and do some
bullshit watch your stamina straight
ahead I see em yeah I'll fix the phone
if you can yeah good fix the boat if you
can safely fix it and fix it
doot-doot-doot to run around the edge of
the map
sometimes it glitches through the ground
Tybee hello wait just grab the keys what
we're taking that car take take them and
meet us at the car cars ready we just we
just need keys cars ready yeah do you
want it you got it
wait wait I wants to drive okay hit it
you want to drive if you're using a
gamepad hold down on the d-pad shit
inverted controls controls controls
read-only shoe the car I question the
car I'll be fine it's fine
fucking inverted controls
come on let's do the couch dance
ah you invert your your Y controls rich
and so I pulled out my shotgun you mean
I don't invert you don't wise you don't
invert your Y controls and so I pulled
out my shotgun and raised it up which
actually lowered and I shot him in the
fuckin fruit because I find it I find it
works best if you just pull it you know
the car is ready to go the car is ready
to go come on use it use it Oh Jason van
the sense the scary music huh hence the
scary Jason music no you can't back up
you can't back up and Jason knows that
you you didn't do any trolling it was
fine fantastic
yeah Jason knew it was up their cars
unable to back up their oh this is
different music because is that because
it's neat I didn't have Comiskey and six
net here I hit T so we can talk to me
convincing
- next time commit see and I think you
just you got a you got a girder your
loins and hop in that seat right away I
think it was the the back and forth
about who's going to drive that cost us
valuable time
Quebec soon said he will not scream like
a little girl I thought that was a good
run though that was a fine run everyone
I love how Jason has a pitchfork from
hell yeah that's a neat design I think
it's actually supposed to be Satan's
concept behind this Jason is this is a
Jason who escaped from hell
oh that's why he's filled with Hellfire
of course and he has Satan's pitchfork
like he'd be saving up for and I love
them back to Crystal Lake I love it
conceptually that's actually what it is
like I dig it I'm down with that concept
did I tell you that my little one wants
to go as Jason from Hell yeah and and I
thought of a really great way to do it
Halloween for Halloween we're thinking
about our family Halloween costumes and
I'm trying to talk them all into going a
Friday 13 themed yeah and if we get a
tiny jumpsuit right I can cut it
velocity 1 & 2 I don't know if I've
played them but you can cut a jumpsuit
and I have all of these orange LED
lights that I can like tape inside of
the jumpsuit so it's glowing orange and
I'm really excited I hope he's still
into Friday the 13th as it gets closer
to Halloween because I really want a
tiny Jason from Hell like get some of
those fake chains to put on his wrists I
think it'd be great
do we need to trap the desktop audio
well they might not be able to hear
commit CN button can you guys hear the
game at all is the question
yeah yes yes they can't wait are you
barely know very little yep nope and I
guess I asked two different questions I
I asked do we need to turn up the volume
and can you hear the game which is two
very different questions so let's turn
up the volume a little bit yeah
a little bit more yeah yeah so like see
how it's a little bit louder when we're
not talking that's what I like when when
the when we're ambient they should be
able to hear the game so I like that
fake chains use real ones he's a small
child he's a six year old child and as
much better at player unknown sanaya
he's a six year old child and you know
you go walking around you can't have
real chains or else you get tired you
don't go walking around get candy and
and all every Halloween store has those
super cheap fake chains that I could
probably show on to the jumpsuit the the
biggest expense will be like to get a
child sized jumpsuit yeah which I don't
even know like how I would do but I'm
you know I'd figure that out and then
you know I try to figure out something
for the for the mask and you know maybe
one of those one of those black ninja
hoods under the mask I'm hoping what's
gonna have to happen is as we get closer
to October I'll have to start playing
the game again yeah and then they'll go
oh yeah we want to be Jason's like yeah
it's right
my oldest wants to be Tommy Jarvis which
is great I'm gonna bag head Jason of
course well that's why we go as a group
you see yeah
so like he'll have a fake shot gonna be
Tommy Jarvis we'll get them in a little
jacket in the jeans and
and then as the group if anyone is a
Friday the 13th then they'll go Tommy
jiving right right right oh look at that
it's a music video right there - Jason's
that's dumb you know not that dumb I
want to be back head Jason I think
that's the last use a little - when the
loudness happens
that's too much yeah okay great there we
go
great ten people will love that then the
neighbors will worry some people might
get it some people might yes you're
gonna go with Bankhead Jason I would
probably goes bag head Jason that's an
easy costume are you worried that people
are gonna think you just got back from
South Carolina just cuz the overalls I
don't understand the joke
I don't understand the joke what
happened in South Carolina
oh you think no I don't seriously think
I would it would have it would be a
burlap sack definitely not a white bag
not if you can't quit can't wear a white
bag and I'd make sure it wouldn't be too
pointy I need to find it classic just
potato sack right and I probably just
get some burlap and like make it into it
yeah I mean and then and then I'd have
to like use some fabric glue to glue
some soft fabric on the inside just so
it wouldn't be burlap on my face but
like you know yeah old burlap sack that
look good you're gonna have to find a
way to keep it from moving around and
getting you know so you can see out of
the eye hole so that I hole stays
roughly oh yeah that'll be tough you
might have to glue it under like glasses
frames yeah that's a good idea or or
like just a cheapo mask with with um
yeah just just glue the glue the eye
with the hole just just the edges of it
around again glasses Oh like okay open
glass or fake glasses fake glasses yeah
that's a good idea I like that I like
that a lot
yeah I'll make it I'll make sure it
looks like a bag and not a pointy white
hood but classic and then you know you
get some you get some simple coveralls
or and you're good to go I think I heard
someone phone Tommy Jarvis
yeah the Tommy Jarvis of the world's
fastest cop call which I'm fine with
either but oh yes go to Carl where's the
cars there should be a gas in swamps
closer to the car okay
what horror films have I shown my kids I
have not shown them any horror films
they've what have they seen it's like
they they just watched like the
goosebumps movie if that's anything like
no they're not old enough for horror
films yet I don't think they asked me
constantly to watch a Friday the 13th
movie oh because they like watching the
game so much oh all right all right yeah
gonna take that to the car now closer to
the car the car might as well get it
over there or I wait for this person to
find the fucking propeller that they're
obviously looking for and get on the
mood like a smart individual I guess if
you want to be smart
ever have uncle J show them no uncle Jo
saw them weird horror movies will get
him into it
I'll get him into it don't worry that's
true he was too busy calling Tommy
Jarvis he didn't know what was the best
costume I ever wore for Halloween I had
a couple good ones when I was younger
recently though last year we went as as
a family we went as Pokemon characters
and my Team Rocket outfit was on points
that was the first like people were
stopping my wife and I my wife and I
were dressed as Team Rocket she was
Jessie I was James absolutely and and
people were stopping us while
trick-or-treating so they could take
pictures with us that's how good my Team
Rocket outfit was a flashlight Jack
hope those people are good meat shields
I am a meat popsicle I hope they're just
great at the game and Jason chases them
around for like an hour
yep absolutely but when I was younger
one of one of the very last times I went
trick-or-treating you know as a kid and
that was an early teenager have gas and
bringing it to the carp I don't know if
they heard you oh they did does why we
use the radio that's great that's great
when I was a teenager one of the very
last Halloween what do you say keys if
you spot just use drugs oh nice no traps
by the car I'll take it Jason's busy
that's fine
so one of the very last Halloween I went
as kind of a younger teenager I had a
great devil outfit like I had bid the
big horns and I did oh shit I had the
big horns and I got some like
prosthetics for my eyebrows and the chin
and I did like all of the all of the
what do you call my shit to stick stuff
to your face the the glue that you use
for makeup to stick to your face spirit
gum Thank You Tiberius Kirk so like I
put on a bald cap because at the time I
had hair stuck the horns to the bald cap
used spirit gum to put on eyebrows a
bigger nose piece and a chin piece and
then painted everything this deep red
and then I made some homemade stilts
holy shit they're here everybody that he
was chasing is here now no no no not
those the keys there in you have a key
oh my lord
Nixon you got you got a nut up man
did you drop the keys for you I think so
spirit I know
yeah spirit gum and liquid latex that
kind of stuff like I used all that to do
my makeup really well cover me and then
I made some homemade stilts out of like
blocks of wood that I bolted onto my
shoes
oh I got caught on something I got
caught on something that was gonna
happen
I think there's a small rock over there
or something so in any case and so like
I wore a really long black cloak
nice nice back up nice back up and had
the stilts and had the devil makeup and
I was very impressive
devil that was a costume I was very
happy with team dropped the ball well I
kind of fucked up - you hit it there
myself it's something I look there's a
tiny one where I am
you hit a tiny rock one between the sign
of the fence it's on me it's on me yeah
they have that there for a reason they
have that they have those paths there
for a reason
not sure chance to yell at rich Jack for
what I don't know oh for performing come
on you are bad at this game and should
be feel bad about being bad at this game
I'm with that is that what you are how
many are left alive 3 404 185 wait what
are you doing right and the school was
able to do that when I had a pocketknife
that's amazing a lot of people oh hi
over this Jason might be bad this is one
Spector skeleton
this guy you playing with check members
or are you too late
chant members have made their way into
this game not some kind of magic not
necessary haven't it you know it's not
bad that they're in the game we're not
specifically playing with chat though I
am completely ignorant how how any of
Steam social stuff works so I assume
there's some way to find the game
someone you're friends with is in rich I
just inverted so when you take the
controller back you're gonna have to
uninvite I want to let you know I just
want to let you know because I'm sure
that's going to be an issue for you next
time
I don't know if you read this Rav knows
1313 yep says going to listen to the
stream later as I Drive across the
country for a move Los Angeles to Philly
so entertain me please are you not
entertained that's a heck of a drive
that late a Philly shit you're gonna
pass through some boring ass country but
else it's a beautiful country the
question is are you taking that well
it's Philly you're probably taking the
southern route but you could take the
northern route too
there's you know there's kind of like
two main ways going for it going to Los
Angeles one you go through like the
Colorado Rockies which is awesome and
the other one you go through like the
mountains to Las Vegas
yeah and so it's like snow-covered
mountain or desert mountain and so you
have two really great routes to take rap
knows 13 13 Rav knows if you're still in
Chad which which are out you taken
if you're sad I don't know but he asked
you to entertain him and now you're
recapping driving routes that's true but
you know what he'll be on a rotted
listen I I love I love driving nice oh
this is it this is final of the last
three I love road trips and so I'm super
into I'm super into like what route you
take oh no Jason you got nope you got
straight up no good job guys good job
way to go does this mean no Sunday
stream yeah no we're still gonna do a
Sunday stream this is making up for
yesterday's lack of stream for the most
part no I mean we I think we oh we went
six hours yesterday which because we we
had such a late start and side like we
probably won't go all night tonight this
is just a little bonus because twitch
was having so many projects yeah oh yeah
and by the way like driving from Los
Angeles to Vegas is a really great Drive
because eventually it's like it's flat
desert right and you go through the
mountains and it's just flat desert and
then eventually just in the distance you
start to see light and it's magical like
you come across a hill and then the city
is just like Vegas I would have nowhere
and you know Vegas is all lights and
glitz and glory in the middle of the
fucking desert
it's a beautiful drive if you live in
Los Angeles and have never driven to Las
Vegas I highly recommend it
subject yep we we used to both play
inverted on a controller yeah that is
true
and then I switched and honestly it's
it's minor things but it's made my life
more convenient okay like like a new
game worrying about finding the option
to invert uh-huh it's just not an issue
anymore hmm would you ever consider
switching it it took me a week and I got
I gotta say I got like 80% of the way
there like a day I would consider
switching I guess I don't consider that
much of a hassle just to go into the
menus and switch it if except what do
you shoot Jason's feet because right
right
if if there was ever a game that didn't
have it inverted that I wanted to play
yeah I'd learn that's what did it the
the the early version of strafe we were
playing oh they don't have the option to
invert that's right that's right I will
tell you this
my kids play Minecraft a lot on the Wii
U and I made sure that they weren't
inverted when they learned how yeah
because that was their basically their
first first-person game so they they
have learned not inverted I'm trying to
better the lives of my children strafe
fixed
there's nothing broken about it it's
just something that you're used to right
Noveck was before then I thought it was
I thought it was kind of like once you
got used to it it would be very hard to
switch over and it wasn't shockingly it
was you can teach an old dog new tricks
yes a very old dog oh how fun but but
the switch over yeah I mean it happened
really quick that first stream was
strafe had me a good chunk of the way
there the shooter it's like a five-hour
stream or whatever the fuck it was well
that's great no you know I know that's
right dummy why did you even start using
inverted that's a good question and
there's a simple answer flight
simulators mmm
hmm flight simulators for the first
freaking games that were in like full 3d
how do you leave traffic on a down I
believe in the deep end
you are correct thank you like even even
early doom and Wolfenstein enough and I
didn't play some primitive 3d flight
Sims before that those didn't actually
have up and down when they first came
out I am up-and-down didn't get added to
doom until the source port started
coming out oh right
and so I I was used to down being up and
up being down when I played flight
simulators so when I started finally got
around to like first-person shooters and
whatnot that had a free look I just I
was used to upping down and down bang up
and I said it to inverted oh that's the
best addition ever what does the button
prompt break the windows now there's
none of that awkward oh I didn't see
that
do you play sky rogue and vert yeah
because that's that's just flight slumps
and controls for some reason it's okay
there I wanna see this oh okay yeah that
is nice that is a good change that is
actually a really good change you know
check on that boat now I can't imagine
anyone there but we'll see who's hanging
out by the boat no one no good places to
put a trap over by the boat there
always someone coming to check on the
boat you coming to check on the boat not
say it inverted it makes some logical
sense I think it makes more sense than
not inverted Oh almost check
wow that was a lucky warp like I got a
videogame you controlling somebody right
that's imagine imagine the character
you're controlling has a literal
joystick on top of their head right what
do you do when you want that character
to look up you pull back of course it
makes perfect sense
I'm gonna get you got you I'm gonna put
your head off ya head punch in make them
stop okay yes better I will make them
suffer mother don't worry mother I will
make all of them suffer mother oh I see
you it's not a big deal should like most
sensible games it's a it's an option in
the menu to invert or not well that's
why it's it's just not I could swear
someone was over here
use your vision how I passed them that's
why I like it's just it never been that
big of a deal for me to learn you not
inverted you know but there are always
minor annoyances no and um Red Dead
Redemption there was a there's a sorry
you should start moving you kept moving
forward and you would have avoided it
the the the shootouts the duels the you
know the type take 10 paces and turn
around okay the quick-draw yeah it's a
reaching down for your gun was not
inverted oh really the reach down and
then once you've reached down you had to
like flick flick the controller to go
the right way is it was weird okay if
you played and if you play it inverted I
never known that I would run into just
minor annoyances like that that I didn't
regret and it was red switching over do
the charcoal let's come back soon again
he wants the chair kill God chick mix in
oh it's a good it's great you guys
aren't doing anything doing anything in
Red Dead during the the quick draw
reaching reaching down for your gun you
had to pull the stick down and then the
to raise the gun up to shoot at somebody
had to flick it all the way up at the
top real quick and then go down to go up
if you were playing inverted yeah yeah
you're playing normally it's just down
to reach your gun and up to go up gotcha
leave me alone
fucker yep no dice
move or bath kill we'll see you should
have one for the grab I know that the
grab nullifies melee swings am i excited
for Red Dead 2 at all I don't I don't
know much about it I'm assuming it's not
coming out on PC which would suck but is
what it is yeah gotcha gotcha
goodbye pence entirely pom whether or
not it has an auto aim because you don't
have to play it with a controller if
it's not a console right if there's that
classic style grand theft auto auto aim
that's really weird now that I think
about it grand theft auto auto him
uh-huh then I'll be okay with it if not
then
dude it's time to going back to the car
maybe we should plate x-wing Alliance
yeah
yeah and I liked it as good as TIE
fighter all said and done but it was
good alliance felt more like it ended
rather than it had an ending teleport
settle down settle down and what I just
wanted to see if I could get him wait
what are you doing Tommy Jarvis it
sprung the trap huh there you go settle
down right settle the fuck down I
usually do vision when I go for the
shift graph I thought I'd be able to
kitchens and faster I thought I'd be
able to get him a little faster do I see
him over there record rich how would you
feel in the new Batman movie Kevin
Conroy dubs over the voice of Batman it
would probably just be awkward and I'm
fine with there just being an animated
Batman
goodbye Tamir javis your head is in the
ground
Tommy ostrich more like my am i right
right oh he's a good teleport you've
been cub 907 of the chatez been stuck on
the first three levels of rogue squadron
3d for 15 years never played TIE fighter
a little more difficult what was dumb
- did a little doo-doo-doo-doo - hello
did a little doodle doodle doo doo doo
doo doo doo doo doo
what are those three dots it's driving
me nuts I'm sure it's nice that I why
would you see them from so far away I
don't know man cuz the game is buggy
dude that's insane
during the go ahead strats huh yep
opening strats hope they run into them
and come out with the grab yeah knocked
off his fucking head set it what there's
three more alive why the ending music
start shit those guys did you get that's
my Jason that's my special boy yeah they
just play that randomly no apparently I
don't know you working on the boat yes
they're behind you
I don't think I'll be able to catch Oh
unless they get stuck
you are water Jason got one beautiful
mother
there she is I'm blandish I'm just
making sure I just making sure that's
where it's fairly nice got to the boat
in time have the fear Rich's eyes after
taking the cap off the top look very
real it was because that fire was real
the fire was real there's a fire in the
new nerd crew video I'm very excited to
see the new the fire is real yeah
because Mike decided to throw a sparkler
inside of a popcorn machine that was
filled with oil really and and instead
of freaking out immediately I just went
on with the scene of course I wasn't
that big deal I had big r2d2 thermos
that I was gonna be drinking on him
right next to me and I just I just I
just doused that on it oh you know what
I bet she has a knife she's all bloody I
should have just hit her with my axe
wake up wake up wake up wake up wake up
I know you're gonna go to the boat
that's the wrong call I read the
directions for the popcorn machine and
they said nothing about putting oil in
the machine absolutely nothing a Mike
and Jay were both like idiot you know
you suppose put oil in a popcorn machine
I'm like the instructions don't say to
put oil in the machine they say to put
the butter on top and heat up the butter
and then put on the butter afterwards I
don't say anything about putting oil or
butter into the machine uh-huh whoo you
guys do it you guys just said it's so
obvious you got to do it because they
just assume you will course you get to
do it spark room all right I'm just
gonna put this oil in the machine even
though the instructions don't say
anything about putting oil in the
machine and we'll see what happens
and of course
it starts smoking the the second I do
that a be backwards rich a b and b are
backwards and b are backwards why do you
even think about what letter they are
just because of mario game for a day
that's so weird
no I meant I meant to hit back and I hit
a I meant to hit back that's alright so
then then the popcorn machine you know
it starts smoking and we just we just we
go along with it oh this thing's smoking
and a lot of that didn't get used
because that's smoke I just don't think
it was ended up being visible on camera
but we used everything after Mike
started throwing fireworks in the
popcorn machine that's when it caught on
fire right back
it burned for real yes that was legit
there was 800 percent legit yep I heard
I heard her engine rev outside and I
thought it was the boat leaving but I
think this is my last chance that whoa I
think I got them all there we go
it's satisfying yeah rare is it that
somebody doesn't drop out right no one
they almost had me oh man they almost
had me with that boat you can't believe
the Darth Vader humidifier is a real
thing we've been holding on to that
thing for like a year looking for some
way to use it
that's why Jay was sick and this episode
of the nerd crew so you made a fire yeah
yeah let's deal oh no I mean I'm good
I'm good I know that's I think that'll
be the last one for me just because that
was a good note to go out I felt really
good about that I'm just so like what a
lucky break that I checked that boat
when I did or else they would have
definitely got out I had completely
forgotten about the boat hmm there's new
code of ethics rule that will punish
those who quit mid-game too frequently
says captain Millar how does this work
this is an actual thing or is this just
a myth if it's real how does it work
what is the penalty for
some sort of algorithm to see if you
leave a game often and early and then
what happens right what's the punishment
that's the question rich do you not get
a Schrute buck at which point who cares
mmm sir dang cthe of whale says on the
subject of kids in horror films as a kid
I was terrified of pinhead I once
accidentally saw a commercial for
Hellraiser three late at night and it
scared me so much I literally vomited
yeah you get a Stanley nickel how many
Stanley what's the conversion rate to
stand on makeup Ruud barks I'm gonna do
with my cousin the penalty was like XP I
don't that would do much to curve
problems right the important thing I
like for kids and you know something
that I something that I talk about with
my kids all the time is the behind the
scenes for movies like we watch behind
the scenes stuff all the time like we
watch a makeup effects and stuff like
that and my hope is that when we do come
across our first movie that could be
scary to them they'll just be into the
effects and they'll know it's all fake
cuz like I would I would hate that like
for them to think something is so real
you know I would I would really hate
that so like that's something that I do
a lot with them as we watch behind the
scenes of movies a lot like how they
make it how they make props how they
make makeup effects
so Jack's spoiling movie magic for
children I am I am NOT spoiling movie
I'm making movies more special once
you're into movie Wow
- Jason's in a row shit I'm encouraging
their imagination smallmap - I wonder if
that changes the stress maybe I don't
know like going for the phone here Shh
probably a mistake then remember to hit
apply x4 apply sigh rich you know what
you know what I just did a handicapped
you too good this game I just gave you a
handicap
you're welcome everyone else is playing
when you know how a movie is made it
makes good movies that much better
that's all I will say but which one oh
the two seater hey Jack you once
responded to me on PSN that was great
greetings from Germany sorry if anyone
is a playstation friend of mine and I
haven't responded to anything it's not
because I don't respond to things it's
because I literally have not turned on
any of my PlayStation devices in maybe a
few months when did we play horizon zero
dawn that was the last time I turned on
any PlayStation device so I am I do
apologize I try to at least respond to
everyone who who sends us a message or
who sends us something like on Twitter
so oh hello miss lady
perhaps your focus can help you um man
that I remember that Oh way to lead that
knife throw rich do mad strats mad
knife-throwing strats oh you fuck now
lady yeah go for a swim fast seeing how
movies are made fuck's up the suspension
of disbelief in my opinion if the movies
not good I like I I've never had this
problem I've been a big fan of behind
the scenes how movies are made and the
good movies I can shut it off and if
your movie is bad enough where I'm
paying attention to how it's made
instead of watching the movie then it's
a bad movie in my humble opinion nice
like in you know watching Jurassic Park
back in the day and then seeing how they
did all of the dinosaur animatronics
just made Jurassic Park that much more
awesome all my favorite things to do
just like the jump in a window finally
the night
after seeing behind-the-scenes of how
cars flip over I always see the ramp now
well you got it you got to update
did you also have German class back in
school like rich and Karen no no
actually I I never I didn't take any
foreign language in high school even
though I think I was supposed to but I
did go to German Oh past him who's
springing your traps man I did get a
chance to go to Germany with the foreign
exchange program because a kid in my
high school went to jail who was
supposed to house one of the Germans
like two days before they came to
America I think I've told this story
before I saw they said hey you know we
have this we have this German housed for
two weeks out of the month that he's in
but if you can house him lucky if you
can house him for one week you can you
can go to Germany as part of the foreign
exchange program I didn't speak a lick
of German and luckily my mom is super
cool and flexible and as I hey can a
German foreign exchange student stay
here for a week in two days she's like
yeah sure I'll do it everyone and so
Benny Benny was the name of my German
foreign exchange student he was a rock
and roll dancer and because he hung out
with me for a week well we hung out a
month I got to go to Germany for a month
it was awesome it was awesome times I
spent most of it drinking
not giving a fuck about going to class
oh oh there's two of you in here and a
battery
don't stop Jason they deserve to die
make them suffer like yeah bad Stephanie
like you can never die jack
too-cool-for-school no I like like I
said I should we should have been like
that was our you know everyone else was
there for like you know because they
were taking German and a part of part of
the the foreign exchange is about a
murder emerging emerging your him
nursing yourself and in another culture
but I didn't care cuz I didn't take
German so I was just there to have fun
and that was a bad influence on my
classmates I was a bad influence because
we were supposed to like au jus punch
his head off punches that up haha that's
what it gets that fucker that's what you
get from missing your shot gunshot so he
feels like show up to the school every
morning and then like do something
educational like go to classes we'd all
show up to school and then I'd be like
hey let's go to the bar it's great
we do think of Jack as a bad influence
yeah I was that was a bad influence I
grew out of it though I'm no longer a
teenager you know I'm gonna dull now I'm
probably still a bad influence they
deserve to die make them suffer like we
do Oh Jack ting you searching here like
13 about about I come from a family of
drinking it was always around
oh nice
it would be great if you could throw him
on to someone else I get two in one
kills if you could throw him on and like
you like you for a knife like you aim
him at an epic town slicker I would love
that yeah I got away from kids and stuff
now so I have to be responsible most of
the time oh you yes you absolute dick
that for those who didn't see rich snuck
up on someone who's trying to fix the
car grab them was about to kill them and
they disconnected from the game so to do
nothing but deprive rich of his eight
out of eight kills what an absolute
dickhead and now someone else just left
and now two other people I don't care
okay
so now rich won't get his 8 out of 8
kill which he definitely deserves oh
yeah that's whatever those circles those
just knives I know but the power should
be out I don't know why there are lights
on over here that's stupid
maybe someone fixed one the one right
near the one I just broke them well yeah
commit see and we know you wouldn't have
left but that a-hole did
I'm grabbing knives because I don't want
to look at them
yeah the circles are very distracting
yeah that's got to go I see the box
all right totally went past it yeah I
did
the extra circles must be knives ended
its I can only assume it's a glitch huh
it's just on the other side of the house
really I'm really dumb it must be a
glitch where once you see a knife it
doesn't go away it doesn't go away ever
oh look some some graphic glitches right
there
oh wait I just heard something the
minute I teleport oh no no they are
where they're in the house yeah oh
you're okay they're setting traps
they're setting traps I heard one oh did
you gain is still glitchy oh well it
right is it ever not going to be glitchy
no oh all right they disconnected too
and you know sometimes people get kicked
from the server essentially eight of
eight you know you got eight of eight
you have gotten that last person and
that other one you definitely like you
you were two seconds away from the
window yeah that's that counts as a tan
I'm still an eight out of eight
absolutely mm-hmm it's a moral eight out
of eight absolutely let's see here
anonymous says what do you think of the
news that they're going to make Harry
Mudd a dark and edgy character in
Discovery actual quote from actor I
don't give a shit about discovery who's
Harry Mudd it's character from the
original series okay comical yet sleazy
traitor okay yeah self-interested
looking out for himself
those legal things kind of criminal hmm
okay yeah everything I've seen from
discovery looks looks like not good news
he's like a human for inky before they
ring is worth a human phrase let me show
you these items I found I can give you
quite a deal let's see here ru guys shit
we're starting no I'll get out of here
unless you wanna do one more do you want
the one I'm good
I'm good sir I can get out of here okay
Jack you never read my tip you know what
Jeff for a sec I was just getting to it
just FERC says you guys reading any
books currently I'm in the middle of
Stephen King's Dark Tower series and Lee
childs Jack Reacher series what have you
been what have you read recently rich
any books recently okay I started Oryx
and Crake which was written by the same
author who did the handmaidens tale this
is part of a trilogy of books called
them oh you guys might know I talked
about this before it's part of a trilogy
of books and I started reading it and I
was actually really into it but then the
world came and you know oh we got this
video game to play oh we have this stuff
to do and I haven't gotten very far the
mad atom trilogy and I really enjoy like
the world set up in Oryx and Crake like
I like sci-fi and I like
post-apocalyptic sci-fi novels and it's
a really great world and I'm super into
it
I just haven't finished reading it I
haven't even gotten I'm only on like
chapter four or five and I'm really
enjoying it but that's about it for me
yes chant I kind of think Star Trek is a
dead series it's looking at it from this
point forward we're not gonna get any
Star Trek that doesn't look more like
Star Wars yeah and this whole split
rights with the movie and the TV shown
by different people oh is that it yep oh
no yep we're that that's gonna be a
headache for like decades to come
however it's not that bad I'm actually
looking forward to the Orville yeah or
if it looks really fun so there's
nothing that says we won't see good
things that were influenced and inspired
by Star Trek so you know well that's all
we need you know we just we want fun
space adventures and that's all we need
Margaret ants wood is the name of the
author who did Oryx and Crake and also
the handmaidens Dale which the cars here
and the fuse boxes here if you have a
Jason
yep and Jason's here not exactly here
but close enough to cause trouble no
Orville Orville looks really neat even
though I don't like looking at him I
think you've shit at the guy but it
looks like a fun sci-fi show Seth
MacFarlane's that's Sharla Marla and
that's what his name is
don't mind us Jason you just go deal
with that guy I've heard that Orville is
a lot like early Roddenberry track just
more lighthearted and humorous that's it
what it looks like is a a space quest TV
show Oh
something that lovingly both both mocks
the the original and but also pays
homage to it I'm looking forward Oracle
Galaxy Quest not space quests Space
Quest is the game that we played galaxy
quests oh holy fuck they're both in here
interesting rich Jason didn't leave any
gemstone
this has to be done quick yep
laughs today somebody you're inside if
anybody has keys and with the battery is
did you say keys or mutations on me he's
trying to get Jason off his back in on
mine that's key like behavior yep that
is definitely key like behavior do you
have a weapon no hey Kim okay big scene
has a shotgun oh it does I know it does
yes yes yes yes yes no we're good we're
good
just don't fuck up what are you doing
where are you going they're newer
driving rich they're new driving is fine
it's a call not a train I'll find a
weapon wrench okay good good good oh hey
Rick same mixing you have a shotgun what
are you doing
he laid a trap I think you laid a trap
by the driver door don't not yet not yet
I'm gonna start the car shoot him when I
get in the car or get killed I'm gonna
get in I have no idea where to go on
this map or winging it
bring it rich ring it ring it ring it a
wing it
zing a ding it oh there you go there you
go
Oh boom bye Jason nope he's got nothing
he's got nothing come back commits Ian
did you sacrifice yourself for the
greater good thank you you did exactly
what Tommy Jarvis would do you did
commit see him could make sense as I
died for your escape and we appreciate
it that was a fine I was a commendable
death hookah mix Ian where in Germany
has it been we I was in um well we went
to Berlin we went to actually we went to
Italy
that's Tommy Jarvis's job comics ian is
dying for those around him did the
opposite of what pipes and that's
absolutely true
pipes survives for our win commits Ian
died for our win both our valiant
warriors something you gonna shoot him
like after I got in the car so I'd have
more time to start it the shoes what I
was hoping what happened yeah
that's not no no I'm just saying we went
to Italy for a day but we went to Berlin
I'm trying to remember the name of the
town that we stayed in we were in them
sex with an R if they like Google Maps
in Germany now smaller Maps aren't that
bad I'd like a way to separate them
mmm do you want to play in the small
maps you want playing the old maps
that'd be nice
oh yeah no and I know I'm not giving
guys any good I'm not giving you guys
any good thing to go off of let's see
here where were we staying in Germany
fingers near Munich let's check cities
near Munich route Oh Jim that wasn't it
due to guards and that wasn't it these
are real towns by the way
heed little Burgh no that wasn't ever
close to Venice good we went to Venice
I'm gonna find this out
Rico happens time nope that wasn't it
was it Foucault decoder no that fasten
to it once I see it I'll remember it I
feel terrible for not remembering the
name of the town I spent a month in but
at the same time
that was a while ago that was many ages
ago Ludwigsburg nope I'm not gonna I'm
not gonna find it
here's the thing you should be you
should be stuck you should absolutely be
sorry that I can't remember the name of
the chairman town that I spend a month
in yet Here I am is still looking
oh god you do you broke it you broke
everything
and see I said like it started with an
honor but it I like it just might have
an R in it you know don't writing those
rocks in a merry chase I'm gonna get
stuck in Iraq mm probably not gonna find
it not today at least I'll look into it
I probably have it in a notebook
somewhere but I want to say it was
southern Germany kind of an exciting
escape to leave on you know yeah you
made it out everything's good you know
this it doesn't need to be a full stream
because this is just a bonus
yeah we started at 5:30 ish like 6:00
we're on time yeah 6:00 I want to say we
were earlier than that what maybe
rosenheim someone do an uptime uptime
pick I have the the twat sure um earlier
in the we started by fair amount of time
well the stream started 2 hours and 35
minutes ago but this is really squeezed
a half an hour you want to squeeze a
house I have rich this is a bonus dream
bonus stream will make the bonus stream
3 jak 3 3 out of 3 hours that feels
right that feels right dad you can go
I can I can man the ship no I'll be I'll
be here I just don't feel like playing
an ended let's we just ended it on a
hull and rich it's gonna take us a
little bit we got to read all the names
it's gonna take us a little blondie bill
name pull the names up because it's on
this screen you know
tell us a story says everyone tell us
the story
all right drag them over there I'm gonna
start reading the news yeah but can you
drag that down make it big I hate this
film did you see where the mouse's go
there you go
stay streaming I mean either way you
know you know what how much wine do I
have left I have a little bit of wine
left I guess we can strain for a little
bit longer like is that you and you only
ah and you want and no one will have to
feel bad I got nothing to do there's no
Game of Thrones to watch and complain
about
does he Mario Rabbids to play I feel
it's proper to do three this is a make
up stream but who's kind of short to
have three three I'm okay with them I'm
okay with that
we're not gonna end on a bang we end
with you know too good Jason runs at a
nice escape and a nice that's why I want
to go but down yeah and unless you do
something amazing which by the way it's
very possible that now if something
amazing happens in the game but oh no
like it and like I said it's not even
about like necessarily wanted to go home
I'm gonna go home and play Mario rabbits
I'm not I'm like actually I'm going
through a pretty tricky area right now I
have my switcher I brought my switch as
well
I'm going to play that I play that while
you play Jason I mean you can stream
that no no that's fine
I'm going through a really tricky area
right now they're they're introducing
some new enemies that are pretty pretty
difficult like it
that's true i have to wear i have to
wear real clothes when i play games on
stream i can put them up in Jayma pants
at home Oh like we got we have we have
this much more stream left guys do you
see this about about this much more
stream left many boxes of one I know I
love those little boat of mini boxes
they're the greatest thing to take when
you go for a picnic
can you connect up a Kinnickinnic panic
connect which does not discourage pajama
parties the traveler speaks I was wrong
about Farscape because I didn't enjoy it
and so now now hack bot has a permanent
remember Jack was wrong about far escape
so don't trust him necessarily about
this one thing so because I didn't much
care for Farscape what just fine
I never gave you shit about that I think
you gave me a little bit I never like
don't do I harass you every other day I
don't take it personally I just don't
much care for far escapes oh there it is
thank you our Miller for showing him
Jackie drinking yeah I got wine I got a
the boat of minibox
red volution original red wine blend
I've never understood white wine I'm
richer not a drinker so you wouldn't
know yeah yeah a red from a white but
white wine is very like sweet it's
almost like it's almost like grape juice
you know it's very it's very sweet I've
never had a taste for it I don't even I
don't understand people that do
middle-aged white women yes they love
white wine I had the battery I'm headed
towards the four seater that's fucking
teamwork
what's the Wisconsin beer you guys drink
on half in the bag probably lakefront
breweries spotted cow is that lakefront
might be spotted cow is usually the one
someone's being funny spotted cows is a
favorite I know
oh good
traps everywhere the keys are drop the
everything's there all right everything
we need is sufficiently by the
four-seater we just need some pocket
knives and some bodies don't know what
was your question camel
I don't see your question in the chat
I'm sorry I'm not ignoring your
questions but I just didn't see it
there's not milk and spotted calories
there no no it's spotted cow is kind of
a microbrews version of a light beer
it's it's a very easy drinking light
it's like a wheat beer like a like a
wife's beer a very light wheat good
summer beer very like middle very
middle-of-the-road you can find it in
most places well let's see here
anonymous says where do you get the
props for the nerd crew set is it
although donations or does Mike
sometimes seek out specific items for
display ie pay money for it I know the
original set like you had to go out and
just buy all of the nerd stuff you can
find right
that sounds like a Tommy call maybe a
police call these go oh shit
can't get it in la freedom there's a lot
there's a lot of breweries out there now
there's just a lot of microbrews do I
like champagne no I do not care for
champagne or sparkling white wine or any
of that never had a taste for it I am
mainly a beer person not that door
dumbass
oh he went somewhere else
or he put on his brisket he might be
somewhere else
okay rich I'll get around to answering
that question don't worry what question
is this about buying stuff for the next
person I thought we did though they're
like it's cheap as shit I could find on
clearance yeah like all that nerd shit
is is very is Jack can you describe the
appeal of beer it tastes like bread soda
to me the only appeal is it gets you
drunk and eventually you think it tastes
good because your brain associates it
with happy thoughts but I mean alcohol
it's poison
does a Harlem one free shit or just
certain shit yeah they need to work on
that and like when your mid swing he
shouldn't be able to grab you me
personal balance alright yeah like if
adjacent player knows what's up as soon
as you see someone swing you can just
grab mid-swing come mix Ian says hey
Jack and rich it was fun not being the
troll but a hero for the Evans of rich
that's true you were I tried to get off
a shot at Jason but he got me but in my
last breath I smiled as rich got away
you you threw yourself on the grenade
that is Jason to mix Ian you did a great
job maybe we should read names jacket
ahead we're games listen I we have this
much stream left that much stream up
alright alright because whatever you are
doing is right you know well you know
what happens when I start like talking
or telling a story and then something
exciting happens I get distracted we
will wait for that I'm pulling this
thing kicking and screaming two three
hours it's fine we're not announcing a
make up stream for the problems that
switch was having and only going to
that's just that's just bullshit I feel
like I feel like we lost two hours due
to twitch and so we're making up the two
hours but they show up for the stream
maybe three hours pound if you were
that's my bare minimum Jack I just want
to be clear that I am NOT protesting
against the three hours I was just ready
to end it I'm here we're doing it twitch
was down for four hours system here
rich never half-assed always entire ass
that's true 3/4 3/4 of an ass that's a
fair amount of ass 3/4 I mean you know
depending on the ass that could be a lot
of ass you know what I'm saying yeah how
about a 15 hour stream Hey
not tonight I've made way more copy I
got a new cold brew coffee maker and it
works fantastically I made my first I
made my first pitcher last night and
this morning was greeted to glorious
cold brew coffee normal crystal okay
well why doesn't jack go and let rich
dream because I'm not against streaming
I would like I said I was just ready to
be done but I'm we're streaming I'm here
and I have that I have exactly
I've got about what is that like two and
a half fingers of wine left Big Trouble
in Little China yes we would do a
charity stream if we could ever figure
out how to do that I think that could be
fun Jack what is your opinion on a we
just since you have children and one day
they're gonna try it out I like I never
did camo Lee and Stan I think a million
storm I know a lot of people who have
never tried weed and have no intention
of it I used to be a fairly large
pothead and I will take the same
approach with my children that my mother
took with me which is if you are going
to do it do it responsibly and know that
you can always call me if you need a
ride home that was that was my mother's
opinion on the subject and it what it
meant was I never it was never like
glorified to me like this thing that I
shouldn't do but I but I want to and
because I shouldn't do it I want to even
more I always felt comfortable and it
always made me feel like if I ever was
too high to drive home or whatever I
could always have someone who wouldn't
punish me for meeting right nope
it's less interesting in taboo when
people are open and honest about it
exactly that you Lane well and and more
so like I think there are a lot of kids
out there who you know like for example
if you're underage drinking in high
school and you're too drunk to drive
home some kids instead of calling their
parents might try to drive home and so
like just making sure that my kids know
like hey you know this is a thing like
yeah you know if long as you keep up
your homework you keep going to work as
long as you keep up your life it's not
going to bother me it will be my opinion
my wife will probably have a very
different opinion she is not she's not a
smoke friend has never been a smoker but
I'm gonna take point on this situation
how much you gotta love jack
we're down to two fingers I think we can
get at least one more
but the old people smoked pot yeah no I
listen like it happens and if you know
hopefully I will have a good enough
relationship with my children when they
are that age where they will feel
comfortable enough talking to me about
stuff like pot or drinking or whatever
they're feeling that's the hope but who
you know you never know right you never
know hey yo friend does and yeah it's
very possible they just won't ever feel
the need to smoke pot well I can't wait
to be bad at this game again you don't
have to wait hey
what if you what if my kids pirate
videogames then we will have a
conversation
no they won't have half the problems in
their life the Jack does oh so many
problems were it's it's so hard it's so
hard times if we tried to play diddy
kong racing oh wait we have it and we've
had nothing else to play nothing at all
gay please as thanks for the makeup
stream I got a couple of DVDs on their
way to you guys in the mail by the way
I'll call you when I need a ride home
yeah oh yeah yeah that's why I took the
bike and the bus routes done right down
the street if I get on my bike and I
can't then I'll just take the bus home
sorry uncle rich told me it was okay
because Nintendo sucks dad I know that's
exactly what it's going to be but all my
friends pirate videogames
well if all your friends die tomorrow my
mother excited for it to remake I have
no feelings either way about the it
remake I am lukewarm about the original
movie miniseries whatever I never read
the book I I have no I don't care about
it one way or the other rich it hmm hmm
what's your it feelings what's your
feelings on it I don't know about my
feelings on it but I know some other
people might have some feelings on him
oh really yeah
I you know I texted some other people
today to make sure that nothing was
happening tonight so we could stream yep
they said they were doing something this
afternoon but not tonight
I saw them earlier yeah weird weird
weird
I think that's weird nice but that's
already trapped
neoman kadian says Jack whining about
Game of Thrones fans was so drama queen
welcome to me I am princess Jack that is
what I do
I agree Prezi is present those kind of
parents are insane camels Don no no I
had no I had no relations with any
Germans while I was in Germany
the one of the bars we went to had a
brothel upstairs and one night after
after leaving the bar we got we got some
we got some peeks at the brothel
upstairs and the lady just looked like
she looked disgusted at us like really
you guys were watching me up here and we
should close the curtains but
trapped here and there you might as well
do it oh wow nice teleports that was a
nice teleport
what's the uptime I think this is next
one's gonna be a rich yeah important
question yeah did you get any new socks
this two names
look at these two names stripes are gay
oh that's great that's the epic battle
right there I mean I love traps to
freeze a PA yes yes there I'm not gonna
mention what you're talking about
but yes of course
oh my god put it with the soundboards
therapies in the gym Oh what traps all
sorts of traps oh where where we
gobbledygook says Jack what's your
opinion on no tropic drugs like a No
no matter who are asexual is interested
in somebody is going to consider them
gay there's no your that's a that's a
very correct both parties right right
even if they're interested in someone
who is now transsexual someone will
consider each of them gay there is some
person out there I don't know where that
came from but it was two names traps
being gay yeah slang huh for transsexual
you couldn't tell what they really were
it was a trap I believe is how bad came
about I thought that was just I thought
a trap was just a hole no well could be
maybe I'm wrong I thought I don't know
everything I thought a trap was just a
hole why don't we go to urban dictionary
okay we are we're so old rich is correct
that's a thought what urban dictionary
I'm gonna go to urban dictionary and see
what a trap is trap
top definition trap the area where drug
deals are carried out okay the dope boy
is in the trap tonight that's the that's
the number one right okay number two is
what one friends what ones friend up
there on this
it's a horrible you don't want to finish
it no I die it's so long
when one's friend up there on the
sanctuary Moon are walking into as is
ones rebel fleet generally characterized
by allowing the Alliance to know the
location of the shield generator and the
said shield generator being safe from
one's pitfall a little bang pitiful
little band fans have any idea how
fucking nerdy they are they got into
urban dictionary for trap take Star Trek
nerds yeah and you take away the
intelligence and you're left with a Star
Wars fan less commonly a trap can refer
to when the force is with someone but
they are not a Jedi in and the second
party wishes for one to join him and
together they can rule the galaxy as
father and son
this type is generally announced by ones
unknown sister as she is taken away by a
bounty hunter this is another number two
definition of trap on urban dictionary 3
a pre-op trans woman who is both
passable and hot okay so you okay
you are right track 4 is a man who
dresses like a woman trapped not
specifically a place where drugs are
sold rather the ghetto specifically the
ghetto in Atlanta called the trap
because people there are stuck in a
cycle of selling drugs and hustling okay
so interesting is the top hit was a
place where drugs are sold and then not
cell number three do we get a pre-op
transsexual woman there we go I probably
have you take this other one but I was
drop your health spray fuck you might be
I've got I've got I've got one hold on I
have the perks all going there you go
nice it's done go go go go go nice job
too should be discount right okay so the
number one definition is a place where
drugs are commonly sold the number two
trends definition is riches a woman who
it's a trap I get it
terms mean things well you know it's in
true my hips hips lank and someone is
helping Jason well it'd be nice if we
could kill them oh look up bot now
a thought what guys call girls in school
that send out news and porn of
themselves an acronym for that hoe over
there
that is what spot is I am on fleek
absolutely
or Fleck I will not stop I'm trying to
I'm trying to get you guys up on all the
hip slang but the kids are saying now
bond and trap and Fleck and diggity no
doubt there's no diggity but there's
also no doubt that's the ska band well
they used to be a ska band
the really sad part like you can't even
punish people helping Jason like what a
loser
I don't even care if you kill me dude
because it's an empty win you're an
empty loser loser that's who you are
well I'm here to call you a loser and
there's nothing you can do to do about
it your decadent do anything about it
you're gonna sit here and you're gonna
listen to me calling you a loser for
doing that well that's fair you know
what that's totally fair they blocked me
they blocked me and they started
speaking Russian so that I couldn't
understand even though I didn't do they
were doing like how wack is that I'm not
I'm not messing up I'm trying loser yo
let's you know give me this say give me
the machete you're dropping here how do
we do this how we do this how we do this
well somebody gotta get the sweater we
gotta get his letter put Ronny group
together group together you can't kill
us if we're together going for the Jays
like we're together we're gonna do let's
find this letter Tommy I want to watch
her Debra because Debra's gonna like
betray us
come on fight us bro come on you fucking
loser look anybody find the key Tommy
play it safe code safe dude fine you
sprays ever spray did you check down
here yet or should we just go for the
cops come here you fucking nerd we're
gonna get out anyway
come here don't on to kill me guys come
here
I know with a sweatshirt in sweat shirts
on the island the island there's no girl
anymore
yeah but they say Deborah was working
against to this young bean
there's too
help me out help me out of it would be
good if he already had the sweater but
it's not happening
see that's just March out of here like
thugs like thugs I do want to see you
yeah they win and when we win we're
gonna fucking blow him up after come on
stick the other way that's teamwork now
there you go you're doing it
this guy had help he had help and he's
still getting sad oh shit they can't
traps get in bro I don't think this rip
I think there is it no there isn't
dude I'll get out let me out let me out
let me out a lot of min back off the lot
a minute he's talking to his friend oh
my god what kind of shit talk is man
shit sorry
yeah there's stevis he quit right cuz he
knows he quit he's here to find him
right now on Steam somebody find him
please
for what it's worth I'm streaming and
it's recorded also recorded you
complaining about it for 20 minutes but
that's fine that's fine okay all right
get out of this lobby
let's read all the names of the people
who have subscribed to us during the
stream an unusual Thursday stream yeah
well these are all the people who
subscribed to us during this stream
Darth Stephen Asst Frank odds brain is
God who says the stream is so much
better when twitch is working that's
technically true absolutely Jared Garros
says yay eleven months of hack Friday
goodness in Smith 79 living Ryan from
Michigan who says thanks for doing what
you do mi is Michigan right yeah okay
not Minnesota notice MN is
okay.what ones one Dookie rampage
who says cool I count your stream good
job on all the crap you guys put out are
you I get glorious crap
MC Pugh twitch Primus almost a year old
yeah Stu 92 Lucas Ducas 423 fucking
months in a row dildo
Calrissian Ranger that a message to the
streamer boo boo boo boo boo do you know
in the original in the Japanese show it
was a man the Yellow Ranger was a man I
know I know and so they had to find they
had to find a woman with a slim enough
build so I'd be believable and she was
Asian so it's also slightly racist I
mean just a little bit but you know they
also had the black guy in his outfit was
courier
Neethu 'some who says whoop-dee-doo
plant flip Master Yoda who says LM a Oh
l'm a Oh Lando was taken for 35 fucking
months in a row says hey guys have you
heard of movie pass like Netflix for
movie theaters thoughts if you have I
have heard of it I have not it's it's
like Netflix but for movie theories you
pay and I think it's really cheap right
now it's something it's something like
20 bucks a month and you get unlimited
movies in a movie theater so if you see
two movies twice as much as Netflix
you're going to use it maybe a tenth is
often yeah and you're gonna have to deal
with horrible crowds and overpriced food
all not in the comfort of your own
living room
I want to know it's sign me up it's $10
a month okay it is the price of one
be ticket and theoretically you could
see one movie a day that's that's what
it is you see one movie a day theaters
are dying and I don't really care I
don't really care let it all go straight
to streaming let it all be streaming the
theaters will still be there for the big
ones and some indie films well yeah yeah
I'm with you I'm with you oh hold on we
got a tip - let's see here the 97th
jackal says hey guys I'm trying to find
the og version of the are OTS plinky
review has that David Bowie changes
sequence that I just adore do you know
where I could find it would pay money we
had to change it for copyright reasons
so no I have no idea where you can find
it we had taken up probably nowhere like
you can probably find it absolutely no
right it might be on a hard drive of
Mike's at one point so contact that red
letter media dot com gobbledygook says
since I interrupted since you
interrupted my last tip rich I'm going
to ask you the hotseat embarrassing
question if you have the guts to answer
gobbledygook says as a hot question for
you okay have you ever been solicited by
a prostitute just walking down the
street yeah if I wanted a good time I
had things to do and a girlfriend that
the girlfriend price would have come
first because Karen listens to this
later she should not be the second
reason why you said no just put man out
there blue channel so I just wanted to
say I thought the latest nerd crew was
very cool found out from chat about how
you did the popcorn machine bit I
thought it was hilarious also I can't
believe those images are real
Mike lit a popcorn machine on fire
unintentionally and then I ran with it
yeah of course he just put the sparkler
in there it wasn't supposed to catch on
fire but it did so I ran with it right
that was a real fire that was getting
out of control and I was slightly
concerned yet I waited to break
character you could always put a fire I
know I had a big cup of water just for
as a prop near me sure sure
that's much of what I did I just well
you know where the fire extinguishers
are yeah you can do it where Erebus and
aether for 15 months in a row thank you
so now you're on all over Oliver Oliver
MD says this might sound weird but could
Rich say a message for a buddy of mine I
swear beef one day I'm gonna cut you
Thanks either way guys hey go hey you
just cut that little part up knowledge I
swear no sorry you go ahead now I swear
beef one day I'm gonna cut you maybe get
a little more for like I swear to god
beef I swear to god beef one of these
days I'm gonna cut you mother fucker
that sound good that sounded a little
more realistic that was good dialogue
realistic yeah
well you know what's what's really
important when you're learning dialogue
is to internalize it so it sounds like
it's coming from you how that you're
reading off of a screen so damn Jack I'm
telling you you did a good job
internalizing it yes that sounded like
genuine rich Evans and I'm damned I was
giving you a motherfucking compliment
knowledge junkie says I really love the
real laughter that comes through all of
your vids keep it up thank you
John Elway's teeth says I'm tired
well John always been chewing a lot so
you know take a break six
lugubrious teeth have no say in the
matter if John Elway wants to keep
chewing his teeth that doesn't matter
how tired they are they're fucked they
just have to keep going because they are
not in charge of the job muscles then
I'm sorry teeth you got you have a job
to do it's not it's not done till it's
done you know I'm saying six lugubrious
airs Magnus PU 31 fucking months in a
row that barred deflator mouth deflate
about see him in addiction
no he's not in the new tic show in the
cartoon it was an in the cartoon and in
the comics it was deflated Mouse yeah in
the man well yeah it was Batman well in
the live-action series they have the
deflator Mouse s character which is a
character called overkill okay and he's
the dark serious murder everyone a
superhero that's kind of taken the
deflated Mouse role but uh some of
there's an American made that us the
best pun there is no no American made
unfortunately there is no American oh by
the way we haven't talked that much
about the tick yeah I haven't started
watching it yet great show yeah it's
only half of the season but it's only
six episodes Oh
when does the rest come next year next
year fucking right they give us six
episodes and they end on a cliffhanger
that does end on a pretty funny joke but
I'm not debating holding off and
launching it also the episodes are only
a half an hour so you get six half an
hour episodes it's it's
major blue balls it and it is super
intense in the age of binge watching
yeah that's not that's nothing if you
were only going to produce half of your
season then you need to release them
weekly or whatever just spread just just
do it weekly at that point absolutely
cuz now like we got done binging and we
went to go to the next episode and it's
a trailer I'm not gonna wait
you shoot I'm now gonna win it is a
really it's really good
it's very very good look good I was
looking forward to watching it now I'm
not this is the problem this is wrong we
don't get more until next fucking year
so 30 all right 30 minutes are fine for
a comedy what I'm saying is you are left
with the feeling of you you left you
you're left unsatisfied because you just
want more because they're short episodes
and there's only six and the story arc
isn't complete yet stranger things that
was like at 6 or 8 there are longer
episodes mm-hmm and it wrapped
everything up there's no cliffhanger
right no one this is clearly a midseason
break and we had to look it up and they
said oh yeah no we get the rest of the
season it's just not coming out until
2018 mmm bull hockey man bull hockey I
want more
yeah Sarah fennel Peter Serafinowicz who
does tech has a really good take on it
they're focusing the story on Arthur as
a realistic person and his whole
background story thing is great all the
comedy is like it's not laugh-out-loud
funny but it's all enjoyable it's a
really good show only six episodes bull
hockey yeah yep that bard Fledermaus gay
Polly and that's what's cool is that I
can't read that whistle quick whistle
quick thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it it's true we really
do look album
you know they're just the tick ending
what it does just six episodes this so
unsatisfying it just you know it just
leaves you hanging
