Sep 20, 2017
XCOM 2: War of the Chosen
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/176332584
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/176334428
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TLGpIpdBePI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FpiTAIGrgbc
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/910574575255265281

[Part I]
there we go sorry no audio
chalk this one up to mad mad technical
problems mad mad mad mad mad mad
technical problem which was starting six
one of these days one of these days
you're gonna pick a time
yeah whatever time you pick whatever is
move at a half an hour further down the
road that's that's what I did today
that's what I did today and rich we were
here and ready to go 45 minutes ago
right we were here and ready to go 45
min o xn was there already we have it
set up for the old over light huh we
have it set up for the old over light oh
look at that how funny we can fix that
we can fix that damn you move the
quarter just go to fit screen
no it's clicking on the wrong thing
well if it fits the screen that's gonna
be under where it needs to be
so I'm doing this at a tiny screen go
and this downer up oh wait you're on
display capture go to game capture there
you go now move it down yeah move down
move it down one more one more
never mind up one I've won it's much
bigger game much bigger game actually a
little bit that's him just right there
you go
yeah sure that looks great rich see much
more of the game you can see much more
of the game I think this I I was I was
happy with how this overlay worked out
and yeah yeah I think I think it's a
fine overlay I think it'll work great
we got the green screen back we got the
overlay figured out everything is coming
up millhouse my friends but you know I
hate it I hate the new overlay already
great Thank You beefcake
oh my god what is up with you okay
I'm glad you hate it already that's what
I'm here - I'm here to hate I'm here -
it's a deal with the hate we can't move
our set here's why we can't move
ourselves down into the overlay dead
space cuz I know it like that seems
really obvious right like just go down
into that overlay dead space here's a
reason that's out of our control here is
the issue very soon
we've talked in the past about bits
twitch has bits which is basically a way
to give streamers money through twitch
you know like right now we have stream
tip and that's giving us money through
PayPal but twitch wanted in on that
action so you can buy bits and I know
we've talked with you guys already about
not you guys have don't want bits yeah
chat does not want bits you don't get a
choice anymore rich and I don't get a
choice anymore
twitch is Auto rolling out bits bits for
every streamer so yeah we no longer get
a choice in bits oh my god you just need
to be restarted don't you alright so how
do bits work there they think are they
anything now do we already have them no
we do not have them right now okay
trying to find that this has to be them
no that's not it this is that has to be
we currently do not have bits right now
at least you can bit in one bit suck I
know but what there were so the reason
that dead space is below us is because
we need a place to show the bits that we
have to have well or else it'll just be
on screen somewhere randomly and you
know possibly get in the way of the game
yeah and so having that place below us
for the bits is fine and now we're not
we're not blocking too much I feel like
this is a pretty decent setup we got
here so riddle me this there's something
about like levels from it's there are
different gifts that I can make for
different levels and so like if you if
you donate anywhere from one to a
hundred bits like a little display it's
not so anything you get one no matter
one like I was thinking maybe we cut off
bits a hundred bucks and then we just
never have to worry about it oh I wonder
if we could do that yeah probably I bet
we could set a minimum if the minimum is
two hundred and fifty dollars then
they'll never be able to pop up unless
somebody wants to give us $250 for a bit
and then hey they gave us $250 for a bit
I could deal with that mm-hmm that that
may be a loophole I I don't know if they
will let you do that
I will look into that okay yeah I'll
make it I'm at you know what I'll make
it something reasonable because what if
what if someone just had like got a
bunch of bits somehow right and they
just want to unload bit so what if I
make it like 50 bucks worth of bits all
right this is the file with everyone all
right
yeah Dukey diver look at that it looks
great looks great so yeah I will I will
look into that that's not a bad idea but
for now this is the over light and you
know what the other important thing for
this overlay even if we don't have the
bits is room to grow right can-can
there's an idea can the image for the
bit be anything anything any gift $50 we
get a semen splash in our face it goes
right right or our faces would be in the
webcam just this wide sploosh that's 50
bucks though for 50 bucks you can come
in our face can I not support this is
that it can i press that Jack will be
fucking millionaires we'll be pulling in
three thousand a night what do you think
women become strippers I buy it I'd go
broke oh man
all right that's terrible maybe and
maybe maybe what we can do is have a
progression like it just have like a
hand going up and down yeah we can put
you know like right around here and then
you know for like $25 you could just got
the hand and then for $50 you get the
white split and then that'll encourage
people to go 25 50 25 55 50 I think
that's a great idea it's a great idea I
also think that might be the worst idea
it's the best idea I'd you know I don't
know if twitch would uh we need to
redress him that guy's a goober oh my
yeah we're gonna go medical well I was
like later I can probably just give her
a medkit and that'd be just as good sure
sure knock your socks off
what decorate oh yeah you play dress-up
I'll play the game okay
you play then I'll play the tactical
game you can play the dress-up okay
do-do do-do customized can we make
ourselves a bit bigger yeah we're trying
to be not checking up yeah we don't want
to we don't want to be everything grazie
here maybe how about about like a
slightly bigger there how's that now we
are slightly bigger but slightly lower
there how's that yeah that's fine that's
fine great all right let's see what we
got here the cursor is not lined up on
the stream oh yeah look at that oh
that's weird
that is weird huh that is very weird I
don't know why that is
I'll be honest with you it's fine for us
yeah yeah I mean I and as you guys can
see like it's you know what I noticed
that during the pub g-strings yeah
because like I would be clicking and
dragging stuff but the mouse would be
way over here so like it wouldn't look
like I was clicking on it uh-huh that's
really strange that is really strange
all right let's see what we got here
right timing I'll just take us out of
the game and I was fine
we're gonna do medium receding hairline
bald of course
facially let's see we got here
scrap whoa
so someone we already named now for a
person uh no I don't think so this is
Paolo tiny hand over oh wait
hello it might be I'm gonna leave it I
said we leave it sure I like that he's
been on missions which means we probably
named him after someone head over yeah
yeah that sounds like a screen name I'm
not a real name right scars oh my god
the new overlay is great oh good I'm
glad
no I'm glad you guys like it I spent I
spent most of the afternoon working on
it trying to find trying to find just
the right yeah look at big X on his
forehead badass fucking badass look at
that guy ever look at that guy
there's some alien kinda heads oh I
might break the game
oh that's a nice face I like that was
that that was 20 yeah looks good
that looks good I like that night let's
take a look at that bod this is all
right now
one of the mods I have installed just
all of the decorations are available
like some of those are actually visually
they're the later armors in the game you
can put them on but it won't function
like the later armor it'll just be
visual oh okay yeah that's like like
that right there that shiny armor that's
that's some endgame stuff sure obviously
it doesn't match up with these arms you
can see the big gaping hole I I kind of
hate the look both in this and in XCOM
euw I can't stand the look of the mid
tier armors real they just look like
garbage so I have this install just so I
can run with the normal starting
clothing while still getting the
benefits from the armor that I
legitimately researched sure but
decoratively I can still have my neat
resistance member clothing on don't
that's a neat outfit I like that you can
just make him look like a civilian - I
think that's cool
obviously you can see something with the
pants for glitching through so you'd
have to you'd have to take those pants
off for it to work that's fine we can do
that I'm just we're just looking at it
you have so many options oh we might go
shirtless it's kind of can we fix that
maybe
I mean yeah we can't know that well yeah
here go go to the go to that torso yeah
get out of here go to head gonna have a
skin tone skin color no no it darkens
the whole thing us weird weird it's
probably because that head is not one of
the default heads somebody had it in
extra heads to the game oh and that head
might not match even if I get a
different try changing they have the
face where's the face top if I change it
yeah that's it you know what and it's
more important to me that we don't see
that weirdo lining right yeah that's
pretty cool he looks pretty good
try other ethnicity I didn't know the
head fixed it that's what it was well I
would change the head - all right looks
skinnier though that had it's the neck
we need to find some arms that won't
fall off like what we got I got some
weirdo arms here some of those are meant
to be attached to of doors like I said
this is this is modded for all of the
decorative options they're just there
there's one oh I forgot to install it
there's one that'll let you have
prosthetic limbs do you want to get out
you want to get out of the game and try
and find it I mean yeah close it in
fucking fuck
oh listen and by the way this I know
like some people might be bored because
you're not doing the tactics but playing
dress-up is part of the game and this is
the part that I'm excited about
do I have to I have to quit let's quit
the game yeah because it's probably
gonna hit one I'll install the mod and
you're gonna start it with the mod save
and exit yeah except oh yes playing
dress-up this is my favorite for good I
see I'm glad like I do or like this and
and that was a lot of fun when I when I
did play XCOM - you know we played the
whole thing we did we were going to do
it for a review that turned into kind of
our live review of FX come - that was a
part that I really enjoyed just really
customizing all of my little characters
so that you would know by just a glance
like that's the soldier I like that is
really nice and the vanilla version of
XCOM - what the new fatigue system oh
that's well I admit that it adds depth I
have no attachment to my squad anymore
they're constantly cycling out and
because I'm having so much trouble level
I can't like keep my squad intact long
enough for them to have enough missions
to actually fucking level up so
everyone's under leveled I'm starting to
fight the harder opponents and I have
more casualty in this war of the chosen
run than I have in any XCOM game and I
just I can't get a fucking foothold just
right prosthetic let's see what comes of
and I've seen it in here before
first I think is an H prosthetic these
feel prosthetic prosthetic tread th et I
see what th e I thank you gu just here
here we go click on that one there is
that one it
oh maybe that's that that oh yeah look
at one roll now does it work with War of
the chosen how do you read the comments
this one looks amazing it's like a
warning when where the Troezen comes o
maybe try downloading it will run will
see if it will see if it works and you
hit this subscribe button hit the
subscribe button ok
it does not look like they've updated it
Oh even though the person who made it is
currently playing war of the chosen yeah
we'll see oh wait no you look he's
playing were the chosen development
tools he's trying to make this mod work
for more of the chosen right now isn't
that great
that's fucking great hi there are a few
problems with transparency apparently
but it's not terrible
ok what's right can we get a zoom on
Jack's face while I'm making I'm playing
dress-up yeah are you click on next time
to I thought but apparently not oh yeah
it said running we gotta find that
modern and activate it
hats headgear armor armor
all the way to the bottom up there you
go
last one okay all right let's see if
that works
hey Jack and rich what are you know your
favorite German brothers from Germany
again guten tag hello welcome German
brothers they said that they wanted that
they said that repeated that constantly
last room we we hear you we acknowledge
you we acknowledge your existence your
presence here is noted for everyone who
watches this video later German brothers
guten tag oh hello allo guten tag
Germany is the place it's true beefcake
I almost don't want to notice you for
saying that I don't know what senpai he
is but since I or something like that
someone you look up to rent or something
oh all right little game oh right yeah
yeah load game right up at the top right
n load so I can go play dress up with
prosthetic limbs it's gonna be great it
means Goku with a sword climb Fandango I
can hear you I can hear you not really
well I can see the words that you typed
I can see the words that you typed Clem
fan dango it means Japanese sword yes
thank you cinnamon that's perfect that's
exactly what senpai e means it means
Japanese sword it's not from what's up
from what's the katana that's a
reference there's a reference to a I
know it's a katana but
that the whole thing is a reference to
samurai come
oh yes summer camp thank you thank you
where is a view soldiers is that I think
it's that Grenadier penny yeah first of
all look at that I love his head already
alright let's let's see if we could find
one of these arms I've got so many so
many visual customization just stacked
one on top of the other try right and
left arms separately sure I'm the left
arm let's let's okay yeah
halo augments code oh oh yeah look at no
the the bright blue I think is some kind
of texture that's just not working right
that's it right now look at that one oh
yeah wonder what that is supposed to be
that blue texture for the transparent
probably supposed to glow or something
sure makes it goes with the blue icon
those who read that so that's those are
the ones okay cool let's see what we got
here I think I saw a couple like real
simple ones right or this way a couple
nice simple ones who liked that one
though
where did it go that one's neat except
for like we don't want him to have a
purple shoulder we have to find one with
no purple thing well let's finally maybe
we get my shoulder pad that covers that
up oh sure so get them get them the arm
you like that's got something weird
going on but the shoulder almost this
one you want that look at that one that
one's awesome okay no no need her why
did that make his right arm invisible
why did the hell right now Herman
because he was using the thing that was
just both ours a lot of going on here
with mods Jack there's a whole lot going
on here I mean yeah just bare shoulders
what do we got for shoulders so that's
the his that's his left shoulder
oh okay oh yeah like this nice plenty of
stuff that isn't kind of clipping into
that weird thing coming out of the arm I
think we actually you know like it'd be
nice if we had you know because then it
looks like it's attached to something
one of those might cover up one of those
other ones that had the blue patch is
the thing
oh no but I like this one okay now I
don't I just want that thing to connect
to something now cuz we got we have a
thing just sitting or sitting there you
know that thing just sitting there so we
need that to connect see it something
like that that's too big but
the laptops starting no arm
Oh Windows is doing a thing Windows is
doing its thing there we go now it
almost looks like it makes sense alright
I'm done with that let's take a look at
legs because we can't have his body
clipping out like that go all the way
down look for those blue things just
keep scrolling down no crotch meaning
that meant to go with that torso no I
mean part of me is thinking part of me
is thinking we go hot pants Jack you do
you are dummies that you know it doesn't
like oh these are cool though I love my
cyborg soldier here oh my god so many
fucking options yeah there what nuts
didn't they they went a little nuts
oh rich so hot hot pants or cyborg legs
man uses you tell me I'm not in charge
of I'm not in charge of the decorative
options Jack no I know but it's like I
love these guys oh here it's not like
this you know or he's just got and I
want to without the pads oh here we go
like this is an eight neat option it
doesn't line up with his pants this is
kind of like the best of both worlds I
feel torso gear oh maybe I can give him
like a belt that would cover it up right
something like that I just give you a
belt I think most of the belts are just
coming with the pants
I know maybe maybe yeah just think
something like this some tactical gear
it's not wear any clothes they're just
kind of floating over it cover it but it
covers up this that's all that's a very
important all right wait yeah yeah I
think this is fine okay the floating
we're just gonna have to deal with it I
feel we're just gonna hang all right I
feel like we're just gonna have to deal
with that tattoos I mean he's got face
pain we might need a tattoo you might be
right
I doubt there's a torso tattoo though
Yeah right arm and left arm huh right
arm and left arm oh yeah no torso
tattoos oh that's weird you'd think
there'd be a torso tattoo oh okay you
know what I'm happy with this okay
I think he looks cool I love his I love
the Bionic legs and arm oh yeah look at
that guy look at him rich that is a
badass right there there's a fucking
bad-ass boom all right great
I have done my job okay the laptop
restarted
let me get this laptop gone born to fuck
right this character is going to die
immediately very possible that's very
very possible but you know what I don't
care I had fun playing dress-up and he
is a badass gunner all right we need a
name she's the one we got from the last
mission she is not named after anyone I
don't have anything up and running here
why not the first one I saw when I
looked over was dreamer TK okay dreamer
TK is the first one I saw when I looked
over so that is who gets it
how about that how about that rich
interesting what it what is what it
there's only two different voices from
the reaper chick there's only two voices
marina searchers Rina searches and one
other one no okay that's just that's
just interesting good sup sizzle glad
you like the new overlay I like it too I
think I think this is uh this is much
better than then our other overlay good
good display of information we got a ton
more screen room some more game room
whoo
chat not here that's on the game over
that just a little bit aliens
oh I skipped it mmm it kind of did an
accident but it doesn't really bother me
as I hate the chosen as characters they
are so fucking amazingly lame I hate
them
I'm really sorry about that wrench yeah
yeah yeah yeah shut up shit
shut up let me click on that can I met
click him sure did we crash know what
was going on there I just wanted you to
stop clicking on it
what is there to do can you open up
great
get out of here great Connect connect
I'm trying to I'm trying to get a chat
watcher up for me now okay everything's
fine now everything's fine now
you know something interesting I'm gonna
I'm gonna say this and I'm probably
going to jinx us yeah all the Mario
Rabbids videos yeah the no copyright
claims not in the live stream is not an
ubisoft you'll be soft
Ubisoft Ubisoft is is cool with it I
thought that was really interesting and
I had you know I had it uploaded for on
YouTube for a couple days before when
live this morning and and no copyright
strikes on that or any of the live
streams we didn't get a copyright claim
on part one of the Sammis returns cut
upstream but we did get a copyright
claim on part two which because the bots
found part two and they didn't find part
one that's how it works no Nintendo yeah
Nintendo's crazy but I thought it was
really interesting that you know that
Ubisoft is not pursuing it as hard as as
Nintendo does so
good guy who be soft or Ubisoft isn't
worrying about it right now which I'm
gonna be absolutely fine with just
because you know you know it'll help us
for now what's part what's part two part
two of the of the famous returns stream
which will go up not tomorrow because I
usually we usually have you know after
we put up a new episode I usually don't
put up a stream the day after just to
give it a little more breathing room but
Friday part two of the sanest return as
the stream will go live which will still
go live but we won't be able to monetize
it what happens what's my usual
facilities build order I don't really
have one for war of the chosen yet this
is new to me and as much as much as I
like some of the additions I'm not even
sure if I'm gonna play this one more
than I play vanilla oh yeah XCOM - what
what I like it when Tobias is on top I
like to see us
to make sure we're straight ahead sorry
Yahtzee had basically the same reaction
to being forced to include one rabbit on
the team as Jack bean Yahtzee we're here
he agrees with us was Sonic he agrees
that the Rabbids are idiots being I will
agree that being forced to is stupid
yeah but I don't mind the rabbits Kirk I
know you don't I find out like rabbit
peach I like rabbit page as a character
more than I like regular peach let's I
mean you know what she cuz she has a
character I'm like regularly don't ya
you know what would have been nice huh
Wario Ware Wario Waluigi
well you guys right rabid why luigi is a
bad guy you know what they're thinking
of future expansions already alright is
what is what they're doing the Rabbids
don't deserve your hate you know i what
the fuck yeah this is one of the not
this expansionist from one of the other
expansion it's a weapon that's really
yeah it's need a single shot though that
kind of ruins it okay so you got doom
guy look at your hodgepodge of a team I
love it I love it you got the doom
Slayer yeah
ballet clip under the armor yeah it's
fine totally fine
I don't wanna give her do I do it yeah
that's exactly right playing Ernie
you've got a band of misfits here rich
can't plus 15 to a m-- I mean that's
nice it's nice but it only goes one shot
before you have to reload oh my god
oh good
female Morpheus I wrote last stream I
was trying to make a moon girl moon girl
is a is a Marvel Comics character and
she has like two little afro pigtails
and so I was hoping for a hairstyle that
was too little like poofy pigtails and
and I didn't get that so that's as close
as I could get last dream
Sailor Moon girl I know
oh that's if we could if we could turn
her little robot into devil dinosaur and
get it get a nice moon girl mod that'd
be great that weapon looks very out of
place in Xcode I'll be honest with ya
which one her they're both yeah that's
fine some alien weapon Jack yeah shoots
a giant fucking spike out it looks like
it's an alien weapon not like a plasma
gun no it's just one shot at a time just
big spike bolt that's what the aliens
news barely even though I've never seen
another alien use that it look basically
it looks like they had some assets
leftover from a pirate game and they
shoved it in here like I did you see
them in the XCOM like his outfit yeah it
looks cool honestly name-o and a rookie
here I can help you out I can help you
out with our chatter lottery let's see
here boom boom boom and pick a random
cheddar
how about frenzy spell h r zi & z
I crimes II confirm him to bear two
birds one stone another shorter name
another shorter name okay give me one
moment here we get the let's back up and
pick a random chatter Oh
frenzy Ivan Lee IV a and lyy to us wise
crimes II Ivan Lee ah we have to change
change the country of origin we've fused
you into one being fuckin deal with it
we work change your country of origin to
German you find Z Ivan Lee can you do
that fuck yeah yes German crying see
Ivan Lee nice rich on it no what I have
is for mods yeah random bio okay a
mercenary for hire from Germany crime Z
holds no stakes in the war against
Advent all he cares for is the thrill of
fighting and the money of whichever
party is willing to hire them but that's
what it looks like great that's great
that that's a great question is Joe
flash a light why do they need
nationalities isn't this like an alien
invasion game would that be sort of how
not the points but the point I believe
originally is all the nations have come
together right and and the reason that
they showcase their national I like I
mean if you see like if you ever see the
UN do anything know where their country
of origin on a flag on them but the
other thing is for these little stories
that you tell yourself like Crimea I
even leave from Germany yeah and now we
can in our head make up a little story
about this character
it's like it's just it's just adding
it's not important to the gameplay it's
adding that emergent storytelling that
hopefully yes is the flavor text between
fatigue and injuries you'll be able to
use in one third of a time and he'll
never gain up enough levels and you'll
never become a tantrum oh I'm sorry
like like like long war mod depth in
exchange for intimacy that's my opinion
I'm war the chosen so far all right
depth in exchange for intimacy intimacy
yeah that emotional attachment you get
the I but this is Mike Cruz micro you
never have that cruel zombie someone
else oh so they're there they're
removing the intimacy and giving yes
okay I get it sorry adding adding depth
taking into the sir
interesting ayam and herb Oh Bandar
alright let's see what we got here fared
in to seven seven two says now I've
asked at the beginning of the stream
ideal Batman movies side no I mean ideal
beside and home movie where Batman
fights criminals I don't wait that
wasn't our oh shit this isn't my normal
Mouse that button didn't do what I
thought there's there normally a
different button there oh I'm gonna be
doing that a lot the stream I think
please be careful side note season one
of the tell-tale is my second favorite
Batman story ever
Bruce has a personal relationship with
every villain that might be a game I'm
interested in playing only for a good
story knows this mouth is broken which
is mouse is this breaks constantly and
it never works he's about to plug it in
the one I haven't homeworks fucking
flawlessly this one piece of garbage I'm
sorry I'm very sorry rich oh god I like
the whole one I have at home enough I
still kind of want to get another one to
give it another shot here oh sure but
well if you remember that
the end of the last dream Feridun was
asking about ideas for great Batman
movies but we need to include a rogue's
gallery villain and it can't just be
Batman versus the mine that's the cat
that's the caveat whatever arbitrary
restriction is fine well yeah that's the
point yeah it's that's it's a game rich
that's all games are arbitrary
restrictions that we get over for
entertainment I would I would say white
why not why not do a serious remake of
heart of ice you know like it like a sad
somber mr. freeze story yeah do you
think that would work live-action Wow
yes it would I want to take that as a no
whatever they already did it isn't it
kind of redundant well everything's
fucking redundant I'm trying to sell a
movie to WB here rich you got a you got
a sell you got to sell it the Arkham
games would make for okay movies
yeah plenty of cameos plenty of setting
up future franchises but you're still
you know you have your main villain sell
a movie to WB get your 50 bucks right
both missed ya lower-ranked soldiers
with overwatch shots that's just to be
expected sure sure
hi jack I'm currently watching all the
best of the worst Jack with hair what
made you decide to shave your head no
offense I'm a bald guy - I just thought
it looked better you can go back and
look at that very first best of the
worst that I was on where I still had a
little bit of of hair and it just it
this looks better I feel I feel I feel
the shaved head looks significantly
better oh my god I wasn't happy with the
little Tufts of hair for a while during
my heavier time when I had my big beard
and I actually had I was bald on top but
I had longer hair like you know longer
longer hair I thought that looks good
for a while button it grow tiresome it
was it was really tough to keep up with
the beard and long hair so chairman with
a British accent oh we need to change
that nice he's our mercenary and I love
him the butt yeah I looked like a biker
I had long hair big beard there's a
picture of me somewhere and I need to
find it out back back in my band days
there there's a picture of me rocking
out oh that's kind of cool but now you
have to real oh yeah it's a cool gun
that's a neat gun there's that there's a
picture of me like shirtless with my
long hair whipping all over the place
and a big beard rocking out with a
bandit I hate to find that picture I had
it at one point that's a little that's
that's something for the grandkids one
day look your grandpa was cool yeah I
was playing it I was playing it over I
was playing in a rock and roll band in a
dirty dive bar
you do need to get in there and Feridun
I'm sorry like I can't think of any I'm
trying to think of like I'm trying to
think of what would be an interesting
Batman villain combination that would
also be a movie that a studio would want
to make you know like what would make a
good toy line but also an interesting
story part of me wants to do tattoo face
because like then you can just have a
mobster but he has that personal
connection to Harvey Dent a lot like
they did in the animated series where he
was just friends with Harvey Dent and so
is that emotional connection was really
nice my answer for now will be Man Bat
Man bad rich hey I don't need another
Batman movie I know you don't and this
is this is what I'm saying I just I just
I'm not trying to be a jerk I just I
literally I don't have an answer for you
that's fine that's fine then it'll just
be me I really liked the the little I
liked the man-bat story because that's
something where you can play it off
where you're not sure if it is Batman
who's ripping up houses and murdering
people you know they see a bat like a
winged creature in the night is it
Batman is a Manman that's a neat pair oh
that's a neat story parallel and you
could probably sell some Man Bat toys so
I think Arkham Asylum could make for a
neat movie it could that'd be a big cast
yeah but it could whatever yeah oh no
you know what I'm with you
you can use a lot of the villains in a
setting where it makes sense yep yeah
like that man-bat the breakfast cereal
yep anonymous says even in not sure if
it's me but it seems as if later seasons
of Game of Thrones are full of plot
holes and consistencies do you have any
theories unto ye these are just glossed
over by critics and viewers I I mean you
know I don't super care for the show I
here's what I really believe I really
believe that 90% of the viewership of
Game of Thrones have also read the books
I really think that so many people have
read the books that they will know the
story however it's presented on the TV
show and I know like there there has
been some disagreement with my
interpretation of the show and that's
fine it's not a show I'm super into so
ah dick you missed Game of Thrones is an
incredibly popular book series that's
why it got made him to a show in the
first place
and then as soon as the show came out
I'm sure he liked just like the Harry
Potter thing Harry Potter was a wildly
popular book they became movies the book
became more popular
what is this books you speak of right
yeah books I know I did I didn't have a
little dig on Game of Thrones fans in
the Mario Rabbids video I also had a
couple more digs I don't know did you
watch the Mario rabbits video I want to
go up oh this morning I didn't know oh
okay
III made a little when I when I was
talking about the the the the index of
things I can't stand I made a little I
made a little chart with minions Rabbids
and then above above above minions is
Game of Thrones fans so I'm not gonna
earn many fans that way Jack I know
don't stir the pot - too bad too bad we
and we can we can disagree on things I
can be wrong on things everything's
gonna be fine everything's gonna be fine
you seem very sure about that about
things well I'm it's gonna be fine about
our disagreements on Game of Thrones
like the rest of the world might fall
into chaos but you know I'm not gonna
I'm not gonna lose any sleep over Game
of Thrones fans how about that yeah
yellow let me sub please yeah the cursor
doesn't match up with what what rich is
doing it's just a no BS Game Capture
thing and it's very strange and we're
seeing that too and I don't know why
that is but it is just an OBS Game
Capture thing obviously the cursor is
normal for us on the TV but
oh yeah the goop monsters yeah the goop
monsters let's see here phlearn dip says
there once was a couple of hacks with a
show about gaming learned if I'm not
sure if I understand the the cadence of
this rhyme there once were a couple of
hacks with a show about gaming and chats
team prereq were winners who got chicken
dinners and defeated that jason with
strats okay thank you Florida
don't forget that jack is an actual
clown it's true it's true I was I mean I
was an actual clown my clown shoes are
here ready to be ready to be used in any
sort of costume emergency that we need
them I fucking love the doom Slayer
yeah it's great to have the doom Slayer
on your team it's great to have the doom
Slayer on your team I was speaking of
doing that makes me that reminds me
there was it there's a new there's
there's a new trailer for the new
Wolfenstein game yeah getting kind of
hyped for it to play some Wolfenstein I
thought you were a types well I played
the new order and you know really like
to the levels but the cutscenes got
tiresome okay okay but you know like gin
in general like playing the playing
Wolfenstein is fine it's just all the
cutscenes all the time that was my that
was my issue but the new Wolfenstein
looks looks like it's going to be a lot
of silly action schlock so you have to
be ok with that
nice nice
I will try to give it a a decent dumit
up every time rich kills someone with
the dooms lair absolutely I will try to
remember
spurious machinery no well the the doom
Slayer has the axes and then moon girl
has has like a bolt gun caster thing but
now that she used an overwatch I show so
she has to reload before she can shoot
again right yeah yeah it's an alien
crossbow yeah kind of but if you don't
move you can reload and then shoot so if
you're a good defensive position and it
does have that higher aims that okay
let's see here casual horse oh no and
anonymous says I'm a junior software
developer yesterday while trying to fix
a bug on our website I accidentally made
it so you could place orders without
paying look at that civilians rescued 10
out of 10 9 18 out of 19 oh it's in
America oh hey that's pretty nice that's
really good that's real that's really
good yeah he did it he did it rich given
that I might be out of a job soon are
you hiring no no no sorry this is an
addition to Ward the chosen yeah we were
showing me this you can make a
propaganda posters
that's nice
paper texture on it
hopefully things didn't get too out of
control anonymous rescue 18 of 19
flawless well you're not really supposed
to do the those kind of missions while
saving all of the civilians be extremely
difficult but you've got a lot of them I
think that's it the flawless is
referring to no soldiers snow none of
your soldiers killed or none of your
soldiers wounded
yes while completing the objective which
was to save such-and-such percentage of
civilians yeah you got 99 that's how
that's how it judges whether or not
you're flawless hmm it's fine that's
that's a fine outing rich a fine outing
casual horses hi guys your reviews are
great I love the editing and all but
could you not record your discussions in
front of DVD cassettes it distracts the
shit out of me I mix the old pixel
thingies funny that you mention that
casual verse okay you should have you
should have just said okay we'll change
that right away oh okay let's get ready
to step in and do those well shit you
know what because you said so casual
whore sure we'll change it up for you
we'll change it up for you
I know you all mix miss the pixel things
they won't be coming back but I haven't
the janky I'm not fond of them we are
we're changing it up where we are
shooting the episodes and so yeah we
will be changed we will no longer be
shooting with all of the VHS and DVDs
behind us because I do understand that
that wasn't even though like I liked the
look of it it didn't necessarily theme
well with our show so yes we will switch
it up
this is from other DLCs not not the war
have you chosen one of the older DLCs mm
I'm not sure if I should do this mission
or wait until I have better equipment
what do you get
what do I got
oh no what do you get what's the reward
for doing this mission a robot a robot a
robot soldier fucking do it okay I mean
can you do it later yeah yeah okay I
mean a robot soldier would be awesome
don't you think
do you think doom guy would wait until
he had better equipment doom guy is
constantly obtaining better equipment
it's one of his top priorities that's
that's just how doom guy rolls that's a
bad argument my friend one engineer when
I think about the fire watch gates fire
watch gate I don't even want to know
it's interesting I overall I think it
was the wrong call so you know the the
PewDiePie thing okay no I don't I think
I heard something
he's the n-word yeah you know in a fit
of anger called another play of the
n-word during a live stream a lot of
people really upset at him we won't get
into that but in an act of retaliation
Campo Santo the makers of fire watch and
other games decided to decided to have a
DM Macy takedown of all of pewdiepies
videos with their content in them some
come a copyright you know copyright
claims on all of all of those videos
with with their games and DMCA Thank You
Brown Adam Sandler the Digital
Millennium Copyright Act which of course
they are well within their right to do I
don't think that was the right call to
make it but it's all I got absorbed into
the game what happened sorry sorry
they made him take down all of his
videos featuring their games through the
Copyright Act
okay okay MCA
I don't think that's the right just
because they didn't like a word he said
in a different video yeah yeah and it's
just like they can do that I think that
was the wrong call yeah you know you
know yeah it's just one of those things
I think there is an is it a legit DMCA
notice that was the question can they
can they do that of course they can okay
of course they can they are fully with
and you know whether you agree whether
that's right or not you know whether you
agree in the Digital Millennium
Copyright Act it's a whole different
conversation but they're well within
their rights to do it I don't
necessarily think that was the right I'm
less convinced that a game counts what
do you mean first something you could do
a DMCA takedown over
oh no footage of a game did clearly
states that you can right in fact I was
looking into this for other issues for
other things but no no it cleated it
very black-and-white says that you can
so it was a legitimate claim but they
made it for the wrong reason you know
what I'm saying hmm so it's like an
Nintendo does it all the time I just
gotta figure they're throwing their
weight around with YouTube though and
that was less is legal to do and more
their two bloods them do it it's very
legal to do I you know I think that's
one of those things where if they would
have you know spoken out against him and
just asked him to take down videos with
their games in him I think he would have
I don't think they needed to I think
that was a gross abuse of the copyright
claim system but how about that XCOM
someone asked me what I thought about it
that's what I I would not have made that
call even though they were in the right
to do it
so anyway back to 9/11 because you know
that's an easier topic to broach I get
all right let's well we've talked about
that I am Chester have you guys heard of
the cuphead controversy didn't
controversy was everything I think
controversy now I hate I hate modern
society everything's a controversy
everything a plug everything's a fucking
political nightmare these days because
because we can now now it's way easier
to talk to each other so we're all just
realizing that everyone's a dick in yeah
no we talked about that a little bit I
think that hope that whole controversy
is just a load of horseshit it was it
was this games writers first time
playing cuphead and he struggled in some
aspects of it and so then someone else
just took apart just took all of the
parts that he struggled and cut them
together and just be like is is this you
know the kind of games journalism you
want if they're not even good at the
game and I think that's a little
horseshit it takes different people
different time to learn the games many
game developers who I follow on Twitter
we're saying that the tutorial level
wasn't even that well designed I don't
care how good they are at the game I
care when it comes to trusting games
journalism I care about who's paying
them that's what I care about well and
like writing about a game is a very
different skill than playing a game like
if you can if if someone can articulate
to me their thoughts on whether or not
they liked aspects of the game I don't
care how long it took them to complete
the game 95% of your your income comes
from advertisements from yeah from game
publishers I had some I I guess you know
you get some conflictive conflict
adventures going on there and I don't
know if I can fully trust
you have to say sure sure agreed but
like to me this is just the biggest non
controversy of all fucking time alright
I'm not doing that now because my troops
are run away mission it would just be it
would just be dumb yeah let's see here
maybe something well maybe the next tip
is not about something controversial hey
rich did you hear about the remastered
zone of the enders the second runner
coming out next year for PC oh for PC
yeah oh that's nice I know they had the
one on the the PlayStation 3 oh okay
which is really nice so yeah I'm PC
that's great come down cool great what
rich have you heard about the zone of
the enders controversy have you heard
about that seems like it's been months
since the last prereq reviewed no we
it's probably it was fight like I'm what
a month between that and pub G between
Mario and pump you were like I think
there was a longer break between Mario
and pub G then we usually have but there
was nothing really that we felt like
playing so what do you think fuck about
our game reviews a lot of people do a
lot of people do rich people still like
them they still get the views it's also
optimized for VR that sounds like a
fucking nausea and a bottle
vr game where you play as a
free-floating robot that sounds like a
lot of puke like literal literal puke
like literal literal hey there commander
we're looking at the Avatar okay
funny how VR has not taken off it's
weird it's weird I did see someone sent
us someone sent us a clip of someone
someone is working on a feedback enabled
VR gloves okay it's a glove and it has
like pneumatics on this side of the
finger so like you know it'll stop you
if you grab something I'll stop your
fingers sort of you know feel like
you're picking something up sounds like
a wave where a hacker could actually
control you like a puppet hook oh no I
have to take the helmet off oh no mom
run I can't stop exactly all these all
these kids although all these kids are
gonna get it to feel virtual boobs
that may mean that made me want to crack
all of my knuckles sorry if you heard
that and don't like the sound of
knuckles cracking yeah you know vvr I
know there's been a lot of sales on on
VR equipment lately and it's still just
not quite enough to get me over that
hump some games would be nice some games
that I want to play I'm gonna have to go
to mountains I I saw I saw that rich did
you see the the trailer for the Tomb
Raider movie no didn't they do that
already they did they're making a new
tomb raider movie why based off of the
prequel game because the prequel game
made a lot of money and it's a chance to
have a pretty lady running around and
shooting stuff
yeah it looks generic action-adventure
yeah it didn't look like anything
special it looked a lot like the other
Tomb Raider movie she has to solve a
puzzle and I mean there's a mystery and
she'll be raiding a tomb I assume so so
that's all I got
nothing nothing you what Q John de
Lancie I'm listening oh yeah 100 on it
he's like he hasn't he has like effects
on his voice and he's sounding raspy and
I just wanted to hear it back then
because it's gonna be nothing gunfire
yeah your turn oh wait no no yeah I
could do this sorry thank to the singing
game I forgot the sound turned down
in-game sure because I was listening to
other things while playing this which is
something that because they have fucked
the lore with this by by just going full
full generic cheese yeah
oh good oh good yeah let's see here J
fresh - says hey Jack I will be at
Baltimore Comic Con this weekend
Joshua Dysart writer of Harbinger and
imperium will be there do you have any
questions regarding his books that I
should ask him
no no just you know I just enjoy his
books no no questions but thank you
thank you for offering those are fine
books it's uh it's always nice when
there you go so yeah now actually in OBS
you might need to turn it up a little
yeah there ya see what that does
there we go now well that might be the
way we'll see well yeah a lot of people
will complain that the aggressions they
always complain always deck
everyone always complains nada isn't
that a day if someone isn't complaining
we have not talked about Orval episode -
did you have anyone seen it now so
here's what I'll say I'm not you know
I'm not gonna spoil anything for rich
obviously it's not necessarily a spoiler
or rific show
I liked episode two better than Episode
one completely coincidentally there was
less jokes and less Seth MacFarland in
Episode two we completely coincidentally
need more jokes
no there were less jokes so it's still
not a comedy which I'm fine with
alright
so so jack is very wrong about the
subjects that yeah I I like the I like
the star treky stuff in the show and I
wish they would stop trying to make
jokes all the damn time
why rather have no jokes than jokes that
just don't land like most of the jokes
in the first episode that's my problem
that's my problem yeah amen dingus the
the ship looks look looks great I like
the the out side design of the ship I
think that looks super neat I don't know
if in Episode two like they changed it
up a little bit because they're out of
the pilot but look slick as hell
you have no idea which one of these is
worth it will be easier to hit
increasing your squads
aim that's that's nice you hit him once
and then everyone else gets to hit him
easier or you know what's that's nice
I think they're finding their stride
maybe maybe like I said I think we know
one of one of my big problems with the
show is I don't think that Seth
McFarland has any discernable acting
range and for the lead of the show I
would like you know something to look at
besides his dead eyes I'm sorry but I
once again I thought you know like the
plot was clever I thought they did some
interesting things and there were there
are good aspects and bad aspects but
mostly bad I'm just never going to get
the scan he is he is a he is a great
voice actor he knows how to he knows how
to be a great voice actor
see here dr. doom it up says Jack I just
heard about your visit to Rosenheim and
it blew my mind that's the city I grew
up in and went to school for nine years
most likely at the same time you were
there what school were you at I don't
remember the name of it because I I
never went to class I we went drinking
instead we when we were supposed to go
to class
me and the other Americans would leave
and go into town and find a bar that was
because as the story goes I didn't take
German as a second language I didn't
take any second language I was just on
the trip to go on it the second I send
them on the mission what happens I get I
get a coat I get a mission the second I
send them out on covert action I can't
use those soldiers bullshit
so in any case there's not much I know
about rosenheim because I was I was
dicking around dicking around most of
the time
no riches play next time she's tired I'm
tired I could take her but I risk
getting like some negative trades and
I'm freaking out no it's it's risky
bringing a time she needs a two-day nap
she's a two-day nap man me name give you
a name let's see here possibly two of
its two short ones monkey effect eight
all right monkey first name monkey last
name Fett eight feted f e TT eight
squad Green to deploy
Oh like that Jack with a beard that's
not even full beard man that's Jack with
stubble how did you not name that guy
guile I'm not a street fighter fanboy
for one right and we named them after
people in the chat yeah pjsalt 420
that's that was that's Jack with stubble
Jack I had a giant beard at one point
what came out first the original X
Commerce Street Fighter is Epson oh
that's a homage to the original XCOM the
soldiers some of them well a lot of them
were drama that goofy has a funny hair
yeah sure sure let's see here
streetfighter by a lot right
street fighter to buy all right I'm
talking about specifically whatever
character you guys are referencing not
not the franchise right I'm wondering
where that hair came from okay so I
specifically next time was 94 John de
Lancie yeah we're talking during John de
Lancie and I feel bad
and that was cute the man was cute okay
so original ex-con was 94 guile debuted
in the original Street Fighter in 91 ok
so so yes he is
he beat it he beat him out by a couple
years
yeah it was the second service this is
not gonna happen
got it covered
a full beard and crap nothing's coming
up at that picture rich Evans Vietnamese
son I'm sure they're there it's out
there I'm sure there are pictures of me
with with a giant beard and hair
somewhere who knows where
sneak sneak sneak sneak
let's see here hunchback Jackson's
hijack and rich have you guys ever
played ronan on stream i somehow
remember such a stream happening but
could not find it on youtube
am i turning senile i just not happen i
don't know what rana is i I also don't
know what Ronan is so you are turning so
you know
oh yeah see that's not even full beer
that's that's pretty good beard and I
had even a larger beard than that that's
a good one though that's a good you know
Jack with some hair and beard by the way
you know the accidents full neck beard
what you can throw the axe free move
once permission
that's pretty fucking awesome that is
pretty fucking awesome right there rich
dooma dooma dooma dooma tup you got your
fucking shotgun doom it up there you go
that's great
oh I bet there's gonna be a Jedi mod for
that character I'm gonna make this guy
eat the Paladins I'm gonna have purple
lightsaber so that's what will Jedi mods
for all games that's true that's they're
gonna yeah
thanks Tiberius
Oh mom I think someone is linking to the
Jedi mob that's already available right
for that character specifically it
currently has five out of five stars and
350 for ratings yeah yeah you can use
force powers force alignment well is
that the wrath of the chosen or was that
just unrelated I figured that would just
reskin that character type as Jedi oh
let's see here for vanilla not lw2 or l
WPP users what does that mean long war
too long war one of the long Wars
oh so this mag could actually be for the
first one yeah this it looks like a
whole like class this is just a whole
thing oh my god you can be Darth Maul of
course you can of course you can that's
great that's great
good on you guys
you saw Star Wars once yeah Thank You
captain molar I also like the new
overlay I think it works great figured
out our camera placement we are having a
lot of issues though part so part of the
reason why we were late to the stream
today is one OBS crashed approximately
30 times we just could not get it to
stay open and every time we did get it
to stay open it would no longer
recognize our el gato gambling which was
a big problem because for the cam blink
there's like three different filters we
need to put on it so then every time we
had to reattach a cam link we have to
put the three different filters on it
you can't a big pain in the ass so I
will be looking into some new streaming
software if OBS doesn't get their shit
together
but yeah I really like the new overlay I
think it looks good
that's great so and it is it's
open-source software and you know it is
free to use we have donated to them a
couple times just because obviously we
make money off of it and so I was dumb I
did a dumb oh you did it dumb dummy dumb
dumb dumb oh so I did want to make sure
that you know we pay our fair do but I
I'm looking at some other options I know
there are other options out there last
time I checked they they were like
monthly subscription options and to me
that's a little I don't know I don't
know about that but you know we'll see
we're gonna see if we can do a little
bit better do it up
do it up oh I wanted to close up on that
the slow-mo close-up of the axe drop I'm
sorry
getta but I'm using death it just falls
over oh you have slain me
when in doubt doom it up absolutely see
here Anonymous's I haven't been able to
catch the streams lately so here you go
I'm playing horizon zero dawn and I feel
like it was drowned out because of
breath of the wild I'm fucking loving it
and regretting it not buying it sooner
yeah I really liked horizon zero dawn I
know you had your aiming issues cuz
there's a lot of aiming it's fine but
but I I enjoyed it I think one of these
days I might come back to the DLC though
it's been a long time since I played it
oh you're alive that's point perhaps
your focus can help you right
but yeah no I I really enjoyed horizon
zero dawn night that was one of those
where I didn't I didn't finish it in
time for the review but I did finish it
after the view like I made a point to
finish that game because I really I
really like to rise in zero dog
I got a 10-minute ban during the horizon
zero done solo stream sorry Chuck Fox if
I ban dia I'm sorry or if someone ban
dia that happens sometimes
I really enjoyed horizon spends entire
forest from getting blackout drunk I did
not get blackout drunk dreamer TK I was
just regular drunk and I was having a
great time even though my focus helped
me a lot
no it was because I called the mobs fat
asses well then what do you expect man
you deserve it okay well great
great
got some goods here
get some loot
so retreat
we all not a dry Jack was drunken so
it's fair I was you know I was home I
wasn't driving anywhere I was late at
night I was drinking you know I was
drinking let's see here anonymous I'm
not gonna read that hammer cap
Jack how about black mask as the brains
and deathstroke
as the muscle industrial espionage
sabotage and could involve both phases
of our hero maybe a couple C or D less
villains as fodder her for our
hypothetical Batman movie with cannon
villains I could see Deathstroke I and I
mean like I think you have two different
movies there because I think a problem
that could pop up in in a Batman movie
is that you could be overwhelmed by
villains you don't want to toss the
entire rogues gallery in your first
movie back but like just a black mask
mob story I'd be great just a Batman has
to deal with Deathstroke who's in town
for a different job and Batman has to
figure out how to stop him and
Deathstroke is an incredible badass
that'd be great
I think there's lots of good options
there that and that we won't see any of
them we're not going to see us I keep
actually instinctively looking over here
rich yeah and that's not where the
camera is the cameras over here now I
might be doing the same thing and like
every time I want to talk to the chat
I've been going over here but it's over
here I need to talk to the chat over
there that's gonna be hard to get used
to the camera is now on the left of our
TV and it's always been on the right of
our TV
and up it
what about Euro friendly Lego streams
I've been thinking I've been thinking
about a day to do it because I'd like to
make it a regular thing the Euro
friendly Lego stream really really not
not like every week that would be that
would be silly maybe maybe like once a
month twice a month like every other
Tuesday what happens when your kids are
too old for Leos right you just start
dumping them on the floor so you have
the stream did you actually start the
stream by dumping the Legos like I'll
just take apart a bunch of Legos no now
we gotta organize them there's nobody
there's nobody building anything you
just gotta take the bins you've
organized you dump them on the floor and
mix them up mix them up so yeah but I
was also like I was thinking about what
day to do it so for me I was thinking
either Tuesday Tuesday late morning or
Thursday's late morning and Thursdays
late morning might not work maybe you
made it Friday yeah you know I'll figure
it out
but yes it is coming it will be
happening a semi-regular Lego sorting
Jack solo stream
so speaking of Legos Legos have you seen
the new absurd collective series
Millennium Falcon for like yeah that's
like what the thousands of dollars I
don't get it
I don't get it you okay well like a Lego
a lego car really put a Lego minifigure
there it's it's cute yeah even a Lego
Millennium Falcon that's pretty neat
yeah the time you get like the kind of
detail they're putting into the
collector series wouldn't you rather
just go buy an actual model and not have
the Lego studs on it
so my counter-argument it sort of like
for me for me right yes if I only
because it's not like they're gonna play
with the Falcon right they're going to
put it up on a display shelf right so
for me yes I would rather have a model
paint it really nice yeah have a like a
replica like a like a stage replica 25
for me yes for the people buying it one
it's twice the nerd cred because not
only is it a Star Wars thing it's a Star
Wars Lego thing yeah so you get nerd
cred for the Star Wars thing you get
nerd cred for the Lego thing too
most people don't want to the
intricacies of building a model putting
Legos together is fairly simple yeah the
in have you seen that thing have you
seen that thing I have but there are
clear instructions I've seen the
instruction book - it's like the guy
from Mythbusters uh yeah he's got that
tested show on YouTube yeah yeah
subscribe he put one of those 13 people
building that 13 people helping to build
that shit are you gonna tell me that's
not that level that it's that Lego world
work isn't also intricate only arguably
the end product isn't as cool my my my
argument is that it is easier for
someone to build that than it would be
to build a model because there are clear
instructions to follow intricate might
have been the wrong word but I think it
would be easier for someone to build
that that's model building for you know
for less mental exhaustion
yeah Legos are easy they just take time
they all have clear directions
$3,000 is that true is that fucking true
I don't get it I don't at that level I
don't get it
$3,000
the place fucking gaming PC two of them
you could buy like 20 the guy in little
sex like top-of-the-line gaming pcs oh
no it started off at 8 at 800 which is
still and now because it's sold out
everywhere that's selling for 3,000 okay
all right then 800 that's still one
decent gaming PC let's do it let's say
you want to spend 800 on Legos how many
regular giant sets could you get for 800
not that many Legos are front expense
girls are pretty expensive now comically
that's it let's see that's crazy I mean
and I'm a Lego person I love Legos I
would not spend $800 on a Lego
Millennium it was 300 in 2002 not 800
this is a new model this year they've
come out with a new one this is the new
Lego Millennium Falcon yeah then they
have like a number of them it hasn't
been just two even I don't think yeah
well they got like three of the ones
they just sold them like Toys R Us for
kids for like 150 to 200 right and then
the ultimate collector series are just a
different beast altogether for adults
and I've been like two of those maybe
three I think - yeah it does that
doesn't make sense me and you know like
yeah but you're absolutely right for the
people that are buying this aren't
buying it to play with it they're not
buying it
so like add and make their own creations
they're buying it to display it and then
wine
get a nicer model probably fall apart
you tried to move it so why not why not
spend $800 on like a super awesome
Millennium Falcon model
you just want me to see what lazy fell
Bohr Oh at some sites this is for New
Zealand yes could you take a look at
that price for New Zealand has anybody
actually paid that price prize I have no
idea someone someone sent me a link to a
fish pond whatever fish pond is it's
selling for $11,000 in New Zealand
that's gotta be one guy as a lark put
that up there though and that's all it's
the only one they have because no one
else would buy it or you can get it for
six thousand dollars shipped to the US
newer used I'm my guess is this is
scalpers yeah I bet they were Lego
there were Lego scalpers who bought up a
bunch and and now are reselling them I'm
not on the eBay market that's insane
that is absolutely fucking insane made
even more saying if anyone actually
spends that money because that is crazy
that's fuckin crazy
we can't establish any new contacts
until we upgrade our systems let's see
here Santa GAC's has rewatched feeding
frenzy recently I was hoping rich could
reprise some classic lines got to play
the hits kids don't remember I don't
remember a lot of my lines from that
movie at all honesty Santa Jack is
saying Goods good for that grits eating
motherfucker that grits eating
motherfucker eat it eat it with your
mouth he didn't eat it with your mouth
still got a rich still got it we should
do what we can to take them down before
they hit again our people seem to work
well together commander Jonathan Frakes
the chosen is getting more details
Jonathan Franks let's see here anonymous
says to be fair the guy who failed that
cup head gave the original mass effect
at an underscore I was later found out
that he did not put any skill points of
his character that's all I got it's all
I got playing I well I what I am here's
what I'm absolutely sure of this is
something absolutely sheriff on average
for any person who has ever played a
video game if someone were to watch them
play like just watch a recording of
their entirety of a playthrough you
could cut together some dumb bonus every
gamer makes dumb mistakes here and there
for every game ever played it doesn't
matter if he's a professional journalist
every gamer does that and that's fine
because that's how games are meant to be
played you make a mistake and you learn
you make a mistake and you learn
oh my god the officer says rich is my
most trusted games journalist he doesn't
have a degree in writing or journalism
but he rescued 18 out of 19 civilians
and didn't even lose a soul when it
comes to ex-cons I trust rich Evans
absolutely absolutely okay desperately
need another engineer no and I don't
know anything about mass effects so I'm
not speaking about this writer and Mass
Effect's or anything I'm just that's
specifically the cuphead thing is
there's a lot to not like about the
combat no and and Mass Effect one yeah
it's really bad okay

[Part II]
the resistance in an Advent supply line
we have an opportunity to salvage some
high-value materials assuming we can
clear out the alien forces guarding the
site first commander we're gonna win
this war we need to take every chance we
get to fight back
we'll have to be ready to engage the
enemy during unpredictable situations
which requires special planning and
preparation oh this is good this is good
why is this good it's good I have one of
the resistance orders which I pretty
damn sure I used you get to issue orders
at the start of every month you have
limited number of shoes from okay any
hit on a lost counts as a headshot okay
which I presume if I'm reading that
right any shot that hits them even if
it's not enough to take all their health
down will kill them mm-hmm
I can bring the sniper yeah snipers got
a pistol that does not require reloading
I could just get them all cool this
could be amazing or it could be
absolutely spectacular or you read it
wrong and you're gonna read it wrong and
oh shit
bring a sniper ship no ship no way I'll
write you some more blanket line yeah
you're probably going to need this
biohazard kit it's very likely that the
tomato paste has aids in it all right
well you're probably going to need this
biohazard kid probably gonna need this
biohazard kid it's very likely that
tomato paste has aids in it I did like
that that was a funny line
why I remember that I spilled some
tomato paste it's very likely the tomato
paste has AIDS
let's see here PC New Bern says Jack
finally joined stream just to ask since
you love wet hot American wet hot
American summer so much wondering if you
had seen the absurdist gold that is the
TV run of Stella from Showalter Wayne
and black a little bit of it back in the
day it started off actually as an
internet sketch show and this was pre
YouTube days they had a little tiny
little Internet videos and they were all
so amazing and absurdist and like
guerilla filmmaking and beautiful but
yeah that I saw the first season of
their stellar show and loved it I'm
looking there again rich I am looking
there to the jet I loved it I think it's
I think it's great I'll take some
getting used to
yeah well I actually wasn't a big fan of
the States which was the sketch show
that they all started in I didn't see
too much of it but the little I did see
I didn't much care from what Stella I'm
a big fan lots of dildos and those
online videos for Stella absolutely it's
great really good stuff
Stella alright
I have not seen Ken Marino's burning
love how can you not love the state
I felt very similarly about the state as
I felt about what's the David Cross Bob
Odenkirk Show
I'm mr. sharp mr. show where I always
found them to be very funny but I never
laughed if that makes any sense it
probably doesn't make a lot of sense I
would watch the show and I'd go oh yeah
is the word you look for amusing that
was amusing
you don't necessarily laugh it's
something that's musing you know what
they were they were clever okay every
one of their mr. show and and the state
were very clever schedules but they
never really made me laugh I would watch
the sketch and I go wow that was really
well done and very clever
all right next sketch woo that was also
very well done and very clever but none
of it got that guttural laughter
reaction what about the kids and how
kids in the hall is one of my favorite
sketch comedy shows ever made
I could watch kids in the hall all day
every day I think it's I think it's both
clever and incredibly funny I was one of
the different raids this isn't one of
the one but you collect boxes
kids in the hall forever yes Chan I have
literally never seen a single episode of
MADtv is that true yeah I used to watch
it back in the day was fine Saturday
Night Live alternative if I wasn't he
didn't like who was on Saturday Night
Live shit yeah in living color wasn't a
jam I'm sure looking bad like you know I
was very young when in living color came
out but I'm sure if I look back in it I
wouldn't like it but uh I enjoyed in
living color back in the day key and
Peele yeah they're great key peel is
another fantastic sketch comedy show
the fly girls hold up there you go
that's all you need is the flag girls
all right I'll better package all right
no wait I need that hey wire protocol
probably
is that all you could see
that's all you can see you're standing
right over the other two fuckers
oh wait wait wait wait I got oh can you
know that train doesn't blow up Oh
wanted to use remote start the Reaper
here she's got a power an ability called
remote start and there's a something
explosive in the environment she can set
it off while in stealth and it doesn't
reveal her it doesn't take her out of
stealth
mmm it's Plan B look like I will save it
will hold on to that mmm going do good
snake-man go boom I'm looking for some
throwing knives to buy any tips no don't
cut yourself easy why would you want
throwing knives are you thinking about
getting into the hobby of knife throwing
if so start with some cheap ones that
you can you know not worry about ruining
if you're practicing oh they're lost I
can deal with this
I'll take that
100% yeah I'll take that just shut it
down absolutely absolutely
rich no rich no what what you do I know
you should get that you should get the
mod that makes the lost chance to attack
the other other enemies 50% no I don't
want to change gameplay that that's
cheap that's cheating I shouldn't need
to do that shit you know you would think
that the developer has already figured
that out how to balance it properly you
would like to think you would at very
least like to think
let's see here I am Chester says Tom
Holland the new spider-man said he would
like to see Tobey Maguire play Uncle Ben
now by flashback in the next movie no ya
know for a lot of reasons by the way
fuck Tobey Maguire and fuck his shitty
Peter Parker performance well first of
all Tobey Maguire's a fine actor but
he's shitty a shitty Peter Parker he
still looks very young so having him
play Uncle Ben in a flashback might be
weird unless they're going like young
Uncle Ben
I love that lady with the eye patch and
that and when she pulls out the
six-shooter it's so fuckin badass so
like not only would it be weird because
he probably doesn't look right for the
part it would be weird because everyone
would just say that's right right and
that would completely take a large part
of the audience out of the movie he
played spider-man and other spider-man
movies did you know that rich and that's
all you would hear in the movie theaters
no Chad I am not currently using the
thing that extends the mission timers I
played around with that once at home I
don't think the timers are balanced very
good and more of the chosen though
that's a good question I actually don't
know the answer to that Mister I love
the ants was Uncle Ben or Aunt May blood
related to Peter Parker yeah Oh Aunt May
I believe okay Aunt May's way I could be
wrong but I'm not I'm not sure
it's probably a little bit well wake her
name if they have the same last name
then it's Uncle Ben
hypothetically hypothetically they both
are it's possible if Ben's if Ben and
Mays brother and sister got married
Ben's brother married may sister then
it's possible they're both related very
unlikely very unlikely you know there
was a comic book early 2000s they're
saying that bang was broke that implied
that Peter is actually Mays illegitimate
son oh my god
of course there's trouble trouble yeah
they're just called trouble in comic
about teen pregnancy and the twist at
the end was that it was Aunt May as a
team if I remember this right who had
Peter or who had who had Peters parents
so who had man that may had Peter as a
teenager yes the math doesn't work just
putting that out there I don't who gives
a shit they don't give a shit about
continuity anymore they haven't for
years Jack you're living in a fantasy
world that's true what I'm seeing in
chat is that Uncle Ben was Peters dad's
brother that's what I'm Josh yeah and
that would make sense if the last what
names line up so
I know all comics are fantasies still
that didn't make a lot of things I could
see I could see a writer saying that you
know Aunt May illegitimate Lee had
Peter's mom who they called her sister
so it's all fine but it's all but it's
all a bunch of fictional horseshit jack
but and so then she would al horseshit
be Peters grandmother though you know
everyone just you know the family called
her aunt did I successfully blow that up
all right that's one problem down my
scalp is especially shiny here maybe
bad situation let's see here capo nello
Kappa nello says tell rich that he needs
a mod to recruit more than one of the
hero class I don't want to work the
gameplay that they have balanced even
though I not entirely sure yet its
balance great
oh sure it doesn't break the game since
you only get a chance to recruit them
also resistance ring is the first
building to rush that's what Kaplan
Allah is saying also the chat is
reminding us saying that if you can do a
mod to recruit more pimps and more
pushers you did it you did a jet that's
a great joke
hate everything and everyone
and now rich hates everything and
everyone which is that that's how we
want them that's how we want rich we
just want him hating everything and
everyone
that is nice at Chad for reaction
and I was we gonna probably would have
died anyway
Oh get em next time how long until there
is a Mario Rabbids mod fresco is it
their all
is it out already now wait so there's a
30% chance that they'll attack we need
the enemy right yeah that's neat
I like that I did not watch half in the
bag because I was considering going to
see mother as I am a I'm a big fan of
Darren Aronofsky the the downside is I
hate Jennifer Lawrence I really dislike
her as an actress and I don't like
looking at her face
and actually uh we were talking with Jay
a little bit earlier today and he was
giving me a little bit of these the
bullet points of them of the mother
review and I've decided that I probably
don't want to see it because it's all
apparently a lot of Jennifer Lawrence so
I really just don't like her I don't
like her as an actress and I don't like
to look at her and even though I really
like Aronofsky as a filmmaker that's
adorable that's great so I will probably
maybe I'll see it when it comes down
demand but I won't go out the cool oh I
like Aronofsky even I even like a lot of
his weirdo movies
but holy crap there's a lot of them yes
I know they're kind of irritating well
yeah good to know I'm not alone on my
j-law opinion you know not for everyone
Vanderbilt and ER I also loved Black
Swan and I believe that the wrestler is
a perfect movie the wrestler is a
goddamn perfect movie and I really like
Black Swan it all right moment of truth
that thing doesn't I think it will ever
hit shots encounters a kill right yes
right as otherwise we'll be left with
one damage left and I'm fucked
let's find out yes you did it you did it
Oh rich
this is gonna be absurd that you've got
some mad strats here man you've got some
mad motherfucking strats you actually
deliberately used that grenade to lure
the lost yeah to attack those guys cuz I
knew I could clean house with the sniper
and now like the more ER she kills does
she get bonus points or not really I
don't know what the experience is
looking like I want to just look if you
could just grind her yeah with the lost
oh my god rich you're a madman not that
one is that the only one you could see
from there that's bad
shit
Oh doctor very little experience for
killing the loss that's what they're
saying okay and I guess that makes sense
that makes sense like they're like
cockroaches
yeah like epic Jason the thing the thing
that I liked about Black Swan is it's a
perfect example of cinematography as
used as a storytelling device the the
way the camera moves is just as
important to the character developments
as the acting I also think it's a
brilliant way to adapt to peace because
it's you know a story within a story
about the story that's the story within
the story it's I I think it's good and I
really like the performances there's a
lot I really dig about Black Swan who
you friends with
so teamwork I win
rich is doing something I don't know
what you see Merc I got that side for an
extra move so I can shoot more where
that sniper look nice actually you know
what nothing the bad guys can deal with
them fuck yeah fuck yeah take a shot to
the head you fucker and she looks like a
badass dude maybe because she looks like
a badass she's acting like a badass just
saying when it works it works
I the sniper got more moves because of a
teamwork bonus yeah yeah the sniper is
that's one of the things they added to
war the judgement I really like if
you're free you can be really good
friends with one of your teammate and
that gives you certain perks it builds a
bond and the perk that they have is
extra moves
exactly breena's God I'm gonna take a
little bit of credit for how well that
sniper did there because she looks like
a badass take think I got a little bit
of credit come on we just had such a
nice run what's going on now well you
should mr. shot ow
yeah you were having that you were
having a really great murder everyone
Rob oh we're not done murdering everyone
that doesn't just end
let's see here spider Blair says Jax
thanks for liking my bronze Fonz photo
on Twitter I saw that we had a fan who's
in town took a photo with the Browns
Fonz good well you know it was the
cherry on top of a great trip I've been
to Milwaukee five times now in the past
two years any touristy things I should
do my next visit
ah you know I live here it's hard for me
to even think of touristy things to do
make sure you go to the Art Museum
that's cool it's just really neat being
in that color Calatrava the Transformers
for place that's a neat place to go
rush no rush no rush that's right
what a dishonor to be called the
Transformers me that's what that's what
a lot of people know it does that I'm
looking here to you again Jim that's
what a lot of people know it as though
is the museum that was like someone's
office in a Transformers movie but it's
actually a really neat building our our
art museum is really cool it has a lot
of cool exhibits I really recommend it
it's a it's a great place to go and in
fact in the I want to say the lower
level of one of the buildings is just a
giant furniture exhibit and it's very
strange because like it's just furniture
but it's it's really cool furniture from
all different time periods
very neat stuff very neat very cool so I
like our Art Museum
your chroma key just flashed in oh yeah
look at when it is that our Tremec here
what just changed in our lighting it's
weird that's visible
that's weird no that's that's behind
this map that's picture of a gun behind
us oh that's a that's Rich's gun
that's Rich's gun not the chromakey yeah
okay there you go
defining the whole screen turned green
oh the whole screen turns okay oh that's
this is my no no it could have been her
I wasn't easy Madison this character
makes the green tinted green the screen
tinted green sure
oh yeah the domes if you're back in
Milwaukee try to go to the Mitchell Park
domes that's a weird place to go always
fun that's a unique Milwaukee thing and
they would they did go to the safe house
yeah that's a fun place to go I think
we've talked about that before so the
safe house is fun she's only good with a
six-shooter rich
I know early game snipers are just kind
of terrible in this game
yeah
you did it yeah but I might pick rough
stuff should've been a mistake no all
right we're good well there we go huh
hearted said good evening jack
I am currently walking on a treadmill
listening to you
any positive Jack words would be
appreciated but if not no worries we're
all adults you can do whatever you want
no good for you man like snake man snake
man no I think that's great half hearted
I think that's like you know they say
sitting is the new smoking like it's
it's the thing that will turn out to
kill a lot of people just sitting all
day and not using our body do the same
thing I did last time so I think good on
you if you have these these moments you
know Lisa used to do that while watching
shows I should just get like a little
stepper and do like little steps just to
get her like moving
zexal announcement no but man that's a
great a great job great job keep it up
never stop moving like a shark just you
know move
that's right there bicycle machines that
you can put under your working desk they
have those like standing desks that you
can like raise up so you can sit for a
little bit and then raise it up and work
and stand for a little bit it's neat
one of these days maybe I'll get to
stand up timer working again I've been
pretty good riding my bike lately so I
haven't felt the need for standing up as
often but in general it is something I
worry that I'm getting repose in for
some reason
yeah can I do a funny clown thing not at
the moment I could go like this I could
go huh huh okay but it doesn't work the
same without the big red nose so pizza
train is being a little snippy saying
smoking is too is too cancer what
sitting is too cramps so yeah they're
saying that prolonged periods of not
moving can do bad things to the arteries
in your legs tolerant causing possible
heart conditions later and circulatory
problems things that like people didn't
understand that smoking causes cancer
people might not understand the negative
effects of sitting all day don't be
snippy
I don't know many of the very King we we
stashed up doing that one our stand-up
thing awhile ago
I don't know why I stopped just stopped
it just happens
are you sitting for a year did you not
have to get up to go potty
I sometimes like especially when I'm
editing I will not move from my seat for
3-4 hours at a stretch and for I think
for a lot of people they don't get out
of their seat for half the day so like
four solid hours of not getting out of
your chair is not good for your body and
that's hopefully you know people are a
little more aware of that I think that's
a good whiff oh okay good I thought you
wished that one
nope yep
doctor do it up says I won't be hearing
this tip right now as I have to go to
bed but I'll be watching the rest of the
stream tomorrow at work could you keep
this clicked
could you please yell hey fucko get back
to work I'll leave that one to rich as
soon as he's done though hey fucko get
back to work oh you gotta yell it hey
fucko get back to work nice nice rich
you did it
you did it are you just realizing that
Beauty losts nudie lusts that's right
I'm not gonna let rich phone in his
performance he had to say a thing you
paid him the money he says the thing
yeah fucking poison you don't have
anything to cure it and obviously what
about your health drone doesn't that do
anything
clan is just a funnel them all on my
sniper
I'm glad you like the new prereq a
little pizza train I'm pretty happy with
this a lot cleaner a little the bar on
the bottom there the green screen you
know I did like I liked the stuff in the
background before but the green screen
also works the the hardest thing is I'm
I have my muscle memory train to talk to
you guys over here and I need to make
sure I when I talk to chat look I look
in the eyes okay in the eyes
okay I'm glad I'm glad I'm this is a
some positive feedback for the new for
the new overlay we'll see we have to fit
the bits in somewhere because we get we
have the bits being forced upon us and
I'll try to think of some fun gifts for
bit if you guys feel like fitting or oh
no I'm more importantly I'm gonna look
into if we can set the bit length
high enough where no one will tip us
with
I don't think we can do that I went to
college I don't think we can get our
stream in VR sorry rich is playing XCOM
when this happens when which plays XCOM
and we know you like it when we're it's
plays on well yeah he just plays he just
plays man
Worcester circus your haven't you have
some ups and downs with this game rich
what with this DLC yeah yeah with war
the chosen I wish I could pick and
choose features all voice acting off the
lost off whether another would be fine
let's see here chip alors says hey
fellows I just started college and I'm
looking for relaxing games to help
relieve stress what games do you play to
relax
also fantastic overlay Jack games to
play to relax that's an interesting
question um off of the top of my head I
would recommend stardew valley
recommendation you know like there are
games that are always fun to play like I
could
I think I'd at anytime today I could
pick up rocket League and just have some
fun but that could also be stressful
because you know there's a competition
yesterday online and so you want a game
that doesn't necessarily have any
obligations of you
and while stardew valley is simulating
work its work at your own pace so the
poison can go away now oh that is really
annoying
can't really see your facial expressions
anymore you exceed I am big enough I'm
big enough in the screen you can still
see me
you can still see my face Oh like even
even FTL I think it would be a little
too stressful for me unless you're
playing like on easy or something FTL is
a that you want to play a game that
doesn't ask anything of you and so like
stardew valley is just one of those like
yeah fill the farm or don't I don't care
and then you know you get some pretty
crops to look at what's that what you
just win that's her deal well shit
I need to reload these bigger camera
bits
oh come on there you go 41 enemies rich
I know I know
41 goddamn enemies no that's a little
nuts man I know that is a little fucking
nuts can I wiggle my ears maybe rich am
i wiggling my ears
yeah you also dribbling half the side of
your face right yeah so let's see here
Laura Dawn's jack I need you to tell I
need you to I need you tell to my friend
to shave his head I need you to tell my
friend to shave his him he has early
male pattern baldness and he is
contemplating taking a drug called
propecia and from what he tells me has
horrible penis side-effects
the same without the doctor phrased it
yeah
this has horrible penis size this has
side effects to your wiener
it's gonna be bad for your wiener all
those all those fucking injuries that's
a lot man
field medic there you go here's the
thing about any of those drugs because I
had to make that call at one point
myself am I gonna try to fight this or
am I just gonna go with it those drugs
are expensive they can have weird side
effects and they're not guaranteed to
work that's the important thing so you
could get all the Weiner side-effects
and still lose your hair think about
that think about that Laura Don's friend
it's no fun losing your hair but you can
get over it you can get a shorter gogo
short hair you just got to own it the
faster you own it the faster everyone
else will own it
I too am Picard Ian and there's not a
whole you know like there's not a lot
you can do the drugs aren't guaranteed
to work they're expensive
apparently there's penis side effects
three bad things go with it be calm be
comfortable and that's a hard thing to
do and you're not gonna get there right
away it took me a long time to be
comfortable with my balding miss good
luck Lord Al's Brenda
or with you the bald community is with
you is it scary to shave your head no
actually it's a lot easier to shave my
head than my face there's a lot less
contours you know you get John chin
Adam's apple down here and under the
nose that's right I'm just basically
what I'm saying is be chill you're
beautiful everyone's beautiful that's
not true in their own way people
everyone has the ability to be beautiful
in their own way
some people are dickheads but no it's
very actually really easy to shave your
head like that shaving my head is a
little way faster than shaving my face
need that infirmary son yes let me just
magic it in there you could probably
have a mod to do I don't need to
excavate first Richard just download a
mod that gives you an affirmance um
we're at the start of the exam and then
you'd have it all away what's the
problem
come on idiot
and you know this is true not everyone
does have the right head shape for bald
but you can still get a decent haircut
that works with your balding hair you
just don't don't try to hide it there
are there are guys out there and you
ever want to see them they try to do the
comb-over to try to stop them looking so
bald and everyone knows immediately that
it's a comb-over
own it be powerful in your ball business
ball business
resistance contact made the local
resistance operatives we just make
content had come over strats right one
of the chosen has been terrorizing the
area for some time now here's the Intel
they've collected let's see here
analysis have you guys heard Star Trek
discovery impressions they scream the
first two EPs and the buzz is
surprisingly positive okay rather than
obligatory and cynical show feels
necessary and fresh i necessary how does
that work see that that's all that's a
lot of my questions how is anything
necessary like any TV show wise but if
it's fresh that's great I haven't heard
anything I have not been but I've also
not been paying attention so
it's okay man in America we understand
you were just helping
it's yeah is necessary for the network
to have a show to sell their CBS online
BS CBS we don't have any capacity to
spare which means we can't expand our
facilities further
CBS all access is that was cleaned up
yes we are currently using these the
elgato cam link and actually we were
using it in the old set up too and I
really liked that shot because there's
really great depth of field so I'm using
my Panasonic gh2 right now with a decent
lens that's why I think we get a really
nice sharp image of us contrasted with
the green screen behind us it doesn't
work exactly as advertised but I think
that more has to do with OBS not
necessarily the cam link every time we
close down and reopen OBS we need to re
add the cam link cam and we put all the
filters on it which is a huge pain in
the ass for some reason OBS doesn't
recognize it as the same camera but it
works great we got a little camera round
a tiny little tripod and it's a very
nice camera and I think I think we look
good and because of the shallow depth of
field that really separates us from the
green-screen which is why I think we get
such a good key and it's a there's a
piece of wood behind us there's a flat
green piece of wood behind us so turn
the camera the other way doesn't really
work this just dick dick dick dick this
did the mashup nice clearings great
great so but part of part of my homework
tomorrow is to see what other streaming
software rich and I can use because OBS
has been giving us more and more
problems lately
so just fucking great I think some
people use xsplit but it's a paid
product it wha
if I remember correctly xsplit is the
one it's not just a paid product there
is a monthly subscription and then it's
a question of is it worth the monthly
subscription like if it works all the
time then great like if there's customer
support for xsplit and we could just
call them up and be like hey we're
having some issues help them
motherfucker out then maybe
how do you miss that that's an excellent
question
nope I've heard X foot isn't perfect
either it has its own problems but that
was a while ago I want to look into it
and you know what it at the end of the
day the best option still might be OBS
but we'll see right at I'm okay while
I'm okay with the in real life
Lego sorting stream I that shit's just
disgusting I will never I can't imagine
I would ever do an eating stream
I can't imagine you guys would want to
watch that just an eating stream nope
how are you doing ODOT diet-wise that
wasn't doing good
tomorrow's the big tomorrow's the big
question day diet-wise
chat if you remember oh no no what you
do purely hit the wrong button oh come
on
I always give him an attack so if you
remember from Sunday I was talking about
changing up my diet a little bit because
I kept stagnating at 198 started started
out at 207 but I kept stagnating at 198
I couldn't get below that for some
reason and you know a cheat day I'd go
up and then I'd worked my way down and
I'd stagnate so it's just this morning I
weighed myself every day
just this morning I hit one 98.2 so
that's that was my weight this morning
and so tomorrow is gonna be the big day
to see if adding more beans fixed my
weight loss
stagnation my thought was that I wasn't
getting enough calories to keep my body
burning properly so I've added some
lentils for the fucking soldier that's
right there 30% only a 30% chance no its
visa he's not activated yet it's
probably the real reason why none of
them went oh sure sure so so I added
lentils to my breakfast move my black
beans to lunch and so now I have two
meals a day with beans and then dinner I
just you know do some some fish and a
light salad to cover bang that's awesome
one went by him I guess oh no a couple
yeah that's good no more eggs yeah no
breakfast now is eggs spinach and
lentils how do you miss that
84 p.m. 84 percent yeah the rookies oh
yeah rookies these are trash so
breakfast is is eggs spinach and lentils
lunch is boneless skinless chicken
broccoli and black beans and dinner is
some sort of patience and a light salad
and then coffee and a little bit of
grapefruit juice every day that's all
that goes in me six days a week so I'm
hoping I'm feeling good I'm feeling good
about adding lentils I feel a little
more full throughout the day I'm not I'm
not like itching for snacks so glad you
like it
take a brush I like the new camera setup
as well
okay yes come on rookie sucks so bad
right
that's great Posie that's great calorie
cutting is incredibly important it
sounds disgusting yeah I see a lot of
people talking about the diet like the
the glorious part of the diet is my
cheat days is is I get Saturday is like
Christmas for me
maybe maybe an extra term between swarms
would help right
like tremendously they're trying to keep
the pressure on their wrists
keep that pressure there's pressure and
I don't want to be doing this you don't
want to be doing one this fighting these
lost right this is not fun well there
you go okay I've talked about what I
like about XCOM versus Final Fantasy
take turns lacking at each other yeah
XCOM I want to be positioning I'm gonna
be flanking like I could use a grenade
to blow up the cover I could use this
power to dessert at the enemy the loss
just shoot out of him hit or miss shoot
out I'm here it's taking turns slacking
each other the lost suck yeah there you
go this is not tactically deep no no it
just mowing down zombie right
you know what that's that's a really
good point rich hmm yeah like a zombie
game is all about the murder that mayhem
the blood the gore and I think they've
recreated that very well but whether it
whether that meshes with the slow
tactical proper positioning of X count
right yeah you deserve that
so yeah Chennai Saturday cheat day it's
not just like eating more calories or
having beer and pizza it's whatever I
want I spent all day eating cakes and
pizza and carbs and beer and all the
stuff that I can't quite get over there
so bitch I make every Saturday special
and cephalo pathetic rich says once
again I'm happy I waited to buy this and
watched you play instead now I know it
isn't for me there's good things in here
mm-hmm like all right as characters I
hate the chosen I despise them as
characters their dialogue yes and
they're slacking my XCOM up yeah like a
little bit of b-movie flavor is fine but
the chosen they kick it up to 11 it went
from about three and a half the shlok
level wasn't three and a half to 11
right right there's wishes we should be
the ones who are chosen to take your
head in come on down yeah I could see
that
are you sure your cheat days and messing
up your diet no jack has lost a ton of
weight I'm willing to take his word for
the cheat day this is the diet that I
was on at this point now my god it's all
the way fucking over there lost dad take
the big deep lunge look at look at this
fucking slog yep this is the diet I went
on about six years ago and ended up
losing 60 pounds on it sounds weird it
is weird but it's what works for me and
I know I could just cut calories and
slowly lose weight this way I this gives
me the results I'm looking for it fits
in with my schedule so it's what works
for me and I also know from doing this
diet and having it work for me before
that it's all about figure it's all
about figuring out what portions you're
gonna have every day where did that come
from but no like I said today I have
already undone all the bad stuff I did
on Saturday so you take three days to
undo everything and then you get three
more days to lose more and then you go
up and then you go down and you know you
go up and down but you get one day to
binge and that kind of makes the rest of
the days okay so
we tried upping your activity yeah no I
mean I I go on walks I'm not a super
active person I go on walks I go on bike
rides everywhere so often but I also
work a lot and that means sitting a lot
so that's why I've really strict diet is
helpful to me
I'm so sorry I'm so sorry
he's just done he's just done
it's have I don't want to go somewhere
they run to where I don't want them to
go
hurry rich I think if you play under
1300 hours its returnable
TACA brush that would work great in this
situation no but there are no mario
rabbit like melee moves that you could
do in this game because despite the
obvious comparisons mario vs rabbits
really wasn't an ex comm clone and I
think you made a you'll see when you
watch the episode yeah I think you made
a compelling case okay because because
Mario Rabbids has an emphasis on your
movement abilities more than positioning
and shooting your guns oh god I hate the
lost so stupid I know what taco brush I
really liked how you could run through
dudes and take damage - or I mean like
Mario's jumping on enemies that that was
great that was great my favorite though
was Luigi jumping like I'd you know
position two people up and then have
Luigi jump off both of them to get a
really good tactical point and then
snipe the people I love them just
running don't use grenades and those
mystery missions suck a lot less you do
know I use grenades to attract them that
lost to the enemy who's actually a lot
more dangerous than the last time
because I wanted them distracted I could
handle the lost it's a slog which is
you're the you know the frustrating part
yeah you just don't want them to be you
notice I did not use grenades on this
mission I know what I'm doing
I don't know rich I don't think you have
enough hours in I don't think you have
quite enough hours in Taxco
yes but there's only a 30% chance the
loss will go after them
yeah but 10 loss spawn when you throw a
grenade I just need a few to keep the
people with the guns distracted so
they're not shooting at me right and
like weird said he he can handle the
lost he's not worried about the lost
Matt madnes group never the decent group
having you know two rookies alone
that's something well that's something a
little bit more of a pain in the ass but
I put that sniper right yeah that worked
great like what killed my soldiers
nearly killed my soldiers that that
supply run mission was the poison from
the snake man and not the lost who I was
slaughtering right Jonathan Briggs
Jonathan let's see how hey guys did you
ever play the crimson skies games from
years ago set in an alternate reality
where the u.s. collapsed and everyone
gets around using aircrafts cool series
of action flying games your flight
crimson skies not really it is
unfamiliar to me and it does I may have
played it very briefly once so you know
what that's her where's doomed person
fatigue looks like I can use dude
personality but I don't know if I want
second position
his wealthy god she's willing to she'd
be perfect for this mission this is a
stealth mission this is what I actually
I'm fond of these I haven't seen many of
these okay during the story mission and
this this can happen to soldiers outside
of a story mission but Worf got captured
oh I did a covert option mission to
locate Worf
but since of guys way that's when they
came back from they got ambushed on the
way back that's why I just had that bad
to man with the loss yeah I just sent
two rookies in a covert mission okay and
now we know where they're keeping Worf
no lose we're going to sneak in and get
worth back okay or die trying
nice okay
so is XCOM or the chosen x' difficulty
the intended game or is it just too
frustrating well I couldn't could not
get done the veteran but things I'm the
things that I think are killing its
mayor that the strategic layer not that
the fatigue and not being able to get
soldiers leveled up if that were a
problem I'd be able to handle the other
stuff the tactical battle type stuff no
but I'm going into the tactical battle
with bad soldiers cuz I'm constantly
having to you know I I get it it is
deeper where you can't bring the same
guys every mission can't bring the same
guys have permission you don't have them
leveling up together and getting really
powerful and you got a good strong team
yeah I don't have that strong team I can
rely on sure
so and that's kinda like that is killing
me so they thought that people were kind
of cheesing the system just like getting
too high level too quick look maybe you
slow down a little bit just just a
little bit the progression I don't I
don't know I don't know yeah but I don't
know isn't the fatigue coming from
facing down all the lost all the time
this video you have it does fatigue come
with movement or missions we've had a
lot of them in a row here I even I
haven't had all that many lost missions
playing it at home okay
did rich ever try the long war mod it
sounds like the long war mod sounds like
the things that are frustrating me about
Worf Chozen only more hardcores I'm not
interested well lose is based on how
many what do you want me to do rush
through and get caught out of cover
because I'm dashing what do you want me
to do about that a lot of people then
rush and get slaughtered is better no I
didn't play it rich played how you play
a man play it how you play it more more
better says long war is a lot of fixing
what isn't broken yeah it sounds that
way I've never actually tried in ten ten
minute time out ten ten minute timeout I
did it I just gave him a ten minute
timeout I just gave him a ten minute
timeout I I did it because one rich is
currently building an infirmary
you know that he's building an infirmary
and yeah you're very sorry rich Evans
Vietnamese son but you just lost your
ability to talk to us for ten months
you know if richer would have asked me I
would have said yeah you know let's do
maybe give a warning but he get he threw
her down the hammer I got a listen sorry
but no mood ha ha ha and yeah I mean you
really should have known better
just this guy you know says I've really
been enjoying divinity original sin -
really well done deep tactical combat
once you figure it out
don't play it though it's mine ok ok
divinity of rigid I don't I don't even
know that game do you have you ever
heard of that oh all right I gotta say
fucking Worf he's gonna tell me about
the honor and the glory of dying free
from the shackles of tyranny or
something I don't know say yeah see like
if you if you mentioned Rich's infirmary
again 10 minute I never time out if you
talk bad about the overlay 20 minute to
put that out there that's that's right
that's that's beefcakes rule that's not
my role
beefcake is law I am the law but you're
on the wrong side of the screen
yeah yeah for the first time we're on
the right side of the screen are you
saying you support Trump even not even
in a joking fashion we're on we're
physically on the right side of the
screen see see rich the right side oh I
see it jag I said finally see so instead
of instead of being on the wrong side
rich cuz like right has two meanings it
can mean life you know right right and
wrong or right right right yes
yep sorry rich you've been timed out for
talking politics so 10 minutes 10
minutes streams over I guess but it's
there it's you know it's camera left
with screen right scream oh shit ray Oh
Feridun 2 7 7 2 says Jack no apology
needed your thoughts on Batman were
great and much appreciated if you two
can design an XCOM team of neat
characters I will draw them next
straight yes so what we need its mood
and girl the doom Slayer and and our
badass sniper are on a team you draw
that for us and then you know see devil
dinosaurs in the background image merely
pointed left for us
wait why well I don't have a functioning
brain right now what the fuck's going on
great
that's right moon girl is named after
epitaxy free the free acts there I want
to use you for Carrie you do the
carrying
what oh he doesn't even walk on his own
you have to carry his ass out Worf
where's your honor
what's a moon group moon girl is a is a
character in Marvel Comics that I've
been reading and enjoying later no not
you you're not doing the hacking you're
you're mr. you're mrs. shotgun yeah you
you're the fucking hacker eleven percent
chance no she's she's basically a moon
girl is basically like a poor Tony Stark
she's she's very smart she invents
things she has little gadgets and most
importantly she has a friend that is a
giant red dinosaur
so it's moon girl and devil dinosaur is
her book where did you go it's doing
something funky they're way up here some
get a glitch wait
this should be the hacking door screen
yeah what's going on nothing nothing is
currently going on it said access great
I know what it said oh well that's a
terrible is there a different way you
can press that button not right next to
it
way to turn though guess won't let me do
it when I'm right up against the door
nope apparently also can't do it if
you're far away from the door do you
have to get the doom Slayer out of there
is the doom slate or too close I had a
time limit I would be very annoyed right
now
yes move the dooms theorem just in case
because this time there was a little
animation
here we go all right 64% chance to not
set off alarm savvy Oh past it and then
some nice great it might have just been
at when the camera zoomed in it was
because doom Slayer is a mod it was like
clipping on a weird doom Slayer thing
maybe no that's what I'm gonna guess
doom Slayer be hack blocking yep
the door
check out morph I quiet
the VIP does look - he's unconscious
shut up
I like that all right let's see what we
got here
and Oh crumb says hey guys looking for
another game for voice acting heavy
stream I know you aren't but if you
change your mind look into West oven low
then it's an adventure about the Old
West with demon clowns know that that
sounds great
demon clowns I'm in so into demon clowns
hi you guys are too fucking late oh wow
that's how close to the extraction point
is once you get the prisoner you can put
it down
West to Logan okay got it thank you you
got it rich you did it everything is
great
a flawless victory you even you even
defeated a glitch that's how good you
did let's see here are anonymous wants
to know if we like money yes yes we do
Jonty scarecrow says pitch idea Jeffrey
Combs stuart gordon themed best of the
worst style show with re-animator from
beyond and castle freak they're all
probably too good but they're also weird
and fun what is this and you wouldn't be
miserable it's a suggestion for best of
the worst
stag style show with with Gordon with
Jeffrey Combs toward Gordon with
re-animator and from beyond my weird is
that that's an interesting idea
that's an interesting at the very least
I need a break sure if I'm not done oh
yeah you know what I'll decorate a song
here and then and then we can be done
okay you use the less janky Mouse I'm
very excited about Westworld season 2
absolutely whoa we got a couple tips too
oh yeah hey hey rich really think about
building that infirmary yeah
I'm more than happy to leave the hard
decisions card says hey I recently
started studying film I just wanted to
let you guys I just wanna let you guys
that I appreciate all you do with rlm
and it helps me a lot
you're welcome you're welcome kid all
right so who's Shh wait wait wait go
back go back and read right back this we
got a name someone to I don't think I've
read any of that prophet which one's the
Prophet the Jedi the Templar the purple
one the Jedi you have a Templar we named
them for one okay
and random jitter in broza EBR iOS a EBR
iOS a you want to a last name to say I'm
gonna find out no this is just a
brochure this is just one name huh in
fact I'm gonna get rid of the last
alright can you not do that here here we
got a last name delete that
alright star
should be on there oh there it is
photos up here oh yeah here it okay
alright all kept lock classified star
there you go there you go alright I like
it I like it
okay see if different heads we got now
it's a snake guys joke yeah kind of oh
the faces don't matter cuz you got the
helmet on can you take the helmet off
oh we're gonna helmet you can take the
helmet like this helmet thank caring
that's not an issue
I thought it was a robot no that's a
it's a it's a Jedi basically I like it
better or I liked it better when it was
a robot I'm gonna try to make it into a
robot anonymous says Ron Howard tweed
say Han Solo Kessel run tease yeah no
shit he's directing the Han Solo movie I
don't know that it's bad if the Kessel
runs in there just it's gonna be all the
obvious things I guess one just can't be
the fairly uneventful thing that
happened they're gonna float I'm gonna
make a floating robot is she gonna
change out both arms yeah yeah we're
gonna change them into robot arms
there are the ones with the blue icon
where the oh yeah though you probably
some of the power to Armour ones that
are those are gonna look robot II oh
that's a good one oh she's got things on
her shoulder and forearm - yeah that
covers it up look at that whatever you'd
say I guess you just leave it on yeah
I'm saying look at that I gotta meet her
face augment - I'm making Zenyatta he's
a character from overwatch like that oh
that's C that's fucking cool got me a
floaty robot I wish I wish I could add
like I wish there was a way I could have
like a glowing right can I add a crotch
I want a glowing crotch what mod has
these sweet cyborg limbs I forget the
name of it the name of it but just go to
the workshop or it's probably also
available on the Nexus just search for
prosthetic yeah it was it was wonderful
in the workshop it was one of only three
prosthetic mods yeah oh that looks cool
like that padded Templar am I like this
I like that padded Templar the Templar
stuff
oh that's so robot I just want flight
dress up all day that's great
what is uh so gear oh we get we can do
something about the neck I'm sure oh
yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna find something
here no oh no you know what I like the
twos TT yeah double tubes this robot is
symmetrical that looks great
yeah we need to find something to do
with the goat to the head get out of
here you're in the body section sure
he's one oh sure sure yeah actually I
think that's really good okay so head go
to the lower face oh wait you can't
change that oh it's interesting maybe
opens the helmet take the helmet off
lower face problem say Frankie where to
go down down down down down TAC mask
gray you're not gonna get something
that's just robotic but that will cover
up the neck yeah yeah that works and
then you can put something on over there
right oh that does too
let's see now if we can get the Templar
helmet back
probably it's frightened you're not
gonna oh oh yeah I see you like it
cancels it out go up some of these down
all right here all right I know I know
it'll work back out of here again got
out of hats go to upper face prompt oh
okay I'm with you I'm with you and then
there should be uh okay I think this is
some of these in the hats - they're just
meant to go with each other oh that's
one I'm gonna hair let's get the hair
out of there
I have Harrison's modded too by the way
that's that's Scully hair so now if we
go to get a hat gonna happen though got
a hat going on see those green icons
those are probably what we're looking
for me keep going keep going
not those green icons well this way this
might work - oh yeah like my eyes I got
some shit you have so many odds
oh here yeah I see yeah yeah those are
all meant to go it go with each other
yeah yeah like what I'm trying to do is
I'm trying to find like a hat like I'm
trying to make it look like a robot face
you know yeah I don't want it to look
like a helmet I don't know if I'll have
an out oh oh no no you know what I can
do yeah I can do thank oh we got a face
Scarface trust me I'm top top I've ever
faced is there an invisible no no no but
okay
ah I got the right texture right
Jesus this is backseat Donnell dress-up
we're making characters together maybe
you've never had a friend and played a
game with the friend before but it's
okay we're having a for having a fun
time
look I thought I thought there was an
invisible option which would have given
Jack a a robot head with the you know
like no top in it yeah that would have
been great oh my god all this hair
ya know Jesus crisp that's I mean it's
great that there's so much hair tracer
hair nice nice overwatch who's playing
overwatch man since the news since the
new changes mercy is a fucking didn't
beat oh that's kind of robot II yes cuz
the texture for it's missing in oh that
one yeah
with the with the face paint that kind
of works this is as you wish
look at that wait wait good a hair color
Oh with you I'm with you
that's kind of robot II oh there you go
that matches
the face looks like it's ugly yes it
does
yeah it's like a robot the face has kind
of hurry this is the codpiece there's
one thing that's probably too silly yeah
if you go back into hair okay there's
some kind I think a cyberpunk it's
probably a ways down
cyberpunk specifically okay cyber
something might be blow-off
shirt punk real Punk shorts cyberpunk
too silly I know I know I am silly right
just wanted to throw it out there Scully
that's where started I think you're down
there we go look at that that is a cool
ass robot I love that you can just make
a legs invisible like I said this would
have this would be perfect if I could
make this glow I think the chat like the
electric yeah just gonna say fuck the
chat huh no I'm gonna spike that because
like via the hair looks too human yeah
the point of this is to make a character
that is not in any way human you know
and like I didn't want any of these
upper helmets because then it just looks
like a human wearing a helmet this is
just your robot assistant here that's
great
that's a cool character so he's gonna
say an overwatch they recently changed a
couple things they updated mercy
our main healing class yeah and gave her
some incredibly badass powers instead of
like before her super move her ultimate
move was the ability to resurrect anyone
from the dead which was great you know
like if someone wiped out your whole
team you could instantly revive all of
them right but a lot of time and as
someone who plays a lot of mercy a lot
of times you kind of hold on to it if
just one or two people died so they
change that to sub move that you can
only respect for one person but it
regenerates every like 2030 seconds yeah
which is great and then they turned her
superpower into turning her into this
flying badass goddess and she does more
damage he can heal better she can flies
it's been great if for any mercy players
the recent overwatch update has been
fucking great great look at this look at
this I love it light sabers weapon color
oh the gun yeah got a match there we go
can you add more pink more pink somebody
in the chat saying can you add more pink
I don't you know what I could I don't
want to I don't want to cuz this is the
robot they don't care about aesthetics
this is this is robot classification
blue and they're they're here for all
the blue stuff
great no no no legs it's floating it's a
it's a it's got a hover body it's guy
has got a hover body and of course it's
very plain it's a robot they make all
their robots the same the second one
exactly then you could make like you
could make a different class of robots
the pink class and you know you could
have like your assault ones pink and you
could have your other ones orange and
then you can have your robot team that's
great
hover skirt are the invisible legs a mod
maybe yeah a lot of the stuff like the
helmet stuff I think it's all Ahmad
where to possibly the hair farm of the
arms are definitely Ahmad yeah I love it
I love it this is great playing dress-up
whoo so yeah they've added uh they
switched up mercy they switched up diva
they added a new payload map and I love
payload map so I was really happy with
that though not everyone knows it so
it's really easy to get caught in choke
points but junker towns a really fun
payload map if you're if you're if you
fell out of overwatch get back in it's
good fun all right well they go yeah
yeah there you go save and exit except
that gear needs more pizzazz nope I'm
tilt just got here for the new layout
yeah it's pretty awesome right
pretty sweet new layout it makes most
sense that it does it makes a perfect
amount of sense all right
boom all right
this is the point in the stream in which
we thank all the people who have
subscribed to us during this very stream
much like dark pygmy Shawn for twenty
four fucking months in a row says I
missed the old layout that day Butte
that debuted with the
I missed the old layout that de PUE with
no controversy at all
and was universally loved by all in chat
it's true I remember that about the old
layout is everybody loved it everybody
loved it right away
whimsy kind of RF sick sick of fur says
I started playing XCOM last week and I
loved it thanks rich Evans tellin OGG
you're welcome by the way guar funcle'
for twelve months in a row angry belly
says looked up to catch you hack fronts
tonight keep up the good work which way
should I go now which way should I go
now which way should I go now which way
should I go now maybe you should check
your focus which way should I go now
Zoe Zoe no is Jack advice to people
trying to go to do freelance with me on
a short film YouTube wedding Mini doc
but I can't find good help or clients
live two hours from LA
that's probably why yeah so you're
you're in a crowded market you're if you
live that close to LA the honestly the
is the worst advice ever but it's the
only advice I have no no the worst
advice ever is you just need to make
stuff like no one will want to hire you
for anything if you don't have anything
out there and so if you're trying to do
freelance videos you need to make videos
first is it not also possible though
that in LA there are an overabundance of
people who make videos there is but
there's also an overabundance of just
people in general okay okay there's a
shit ton of people in LA and you will
always like if you are good enough you
can find people or you know if you can
prove that you're good enough you can
find people to hire you what that might
mean is taking some shitty weddings that
you don't necessarily want to do for
maybe not as much money as you think you
should make you have to work you have to
build up your resume you need to make
stuff if you can't find anyone to be in
your short films then you have to be in
them yeah but also find people find you
know get some community meetups find
some actors go to the if you have any
play houses find some actors who are
willing to act on your stuff go to
stand-up comedy nights and find
comedians if you're making funny shit I
hope that's not the worst advice ever
how do I make stuff is you just make it
okay you know what I have a straight
thought I had a straight thought earlier
today okay it's just gonna be a complete
fucking diversion okay we're doing fine
does does the the English language need
the equivalent of the metric system to
make sense like like what the fuck do we
need to see for Jack I was thinking
about I was thinking about Illinois
today and you say an Illinois of course
there's a fucking s on the end of the
name
Illinois's why yeah we gotta fuck that
ball you know you know the fucked up
thing if you could have more than one
Illinois if you could have two states
called Illinois yeah the plural of it
would be called Illini with no s the
plural of Illinois would have no ass
Jack and that's wrong when Illinois does
have an S the letter C is completely
redundant it K does the same thing k RS
the only thing is you so you'd what
you'd have to do is scrap the letter C
and replace it with the letter CH well
you let the letter C well that's two
letters right fishin see Jack see just
now makes the ch ch sound in in in
languages like Spanish I want to say in
their alphabet they have like two
letters together in the in their
alphabet is this richest Stanton I don't
do stand-up I have thoughts that's it
okay no I think that's fair the letter C
is pointless and because I have dealt
with two children learning how to read
let me tell you how often kids who learn
how to read screw that up
wait to see the sea oh thanks eat okay
well now it's it now it's saying this is
sound right and they're just like what
look why and I just say I know you just
have to figure that out I'm sorry like
it's tough the letter Q is also
pointless yes Q you because you always
follows Q yo psycho right psy CH o Paseo
right to cite you fucked up language we
need wood east and we need rigid and
four standards Jack yes but yes huh X
why it's never used without an e can we
just spell it eks or you know what just
get rid of the e and X makes the X son
without the e here's here's gonna be
we're gonna get rid of Q too while we're
at it Jack I'm fine why does Q always
have to have a you after it why why qua
qua that's cute let's just why don't you
go
cool they done I I think you're gonna
have a hard time enforcing this
legislation I think you're gonna get a
lot of penny bastards out of the
Woodworks you know like when they people
try to have tried over the years to
phase out the penny because it costs us
more than a penny to make a penny yeah
and everyone else but it's the pace
tradition no and and so I think you're
gonna have a hard time for enforcing
this but I'm on this as your as your
vice president I'm on your ticket you
know yeah yeah I'm with you
Wisconsin is full of crazy people it's
true the penny bastards
now everyone every once in a while but
it costs more than one penny to
manufacture a penny and that's the
dumbest thing in the world and so we
should get rid of the penny we can round
things up to a nickel I'm fine with this
yeah yeah it works it works and and so I
say one foul swoop get rid of the
pennies and reorganize the English
language okay okay I like it I like it
all
let's see here we are on new patch
Romine new but remind all right
speaking of fucked up English language
that could be a real word we don't know
excuse me
where's it at okay swagalicious pipes
says when when pub G my dudes vibes I'm
alive and well from the Mexico City
earthquake I can still play pub G with
you fam pipes though you have carried me
through many a pub G game which I
appreciate
pub G hurts my heart to play because I
always feel bad after I play it so
actually on my home computer I have
deleted it because I can't he'll be back
no and everyone everyone fucking lets me
know every time I oh there there's a new
gun you know there's a new gun oh you
know they added a whole new town to the
map it's a whole new town hey you know
that tommy gun that only used to come in
the big red the shiny boxes it's
randomly placed in the map now you can
just get a tommy gun I'm gonna try not
to play cuz it hurts my heart but I'll
probably be back because I don't know
because I'm addicted and I'm a horrible
person right
sheek shiek adi 3-1 for mister horribles
for 27 fucking months in a row cuz a
corn dog still a sandwich if it's not on
a stick the corn dog is not a sandwich
alright we agree and can move on down
right dr. crackin wagon Shibboleth for
12 months in a rose what's the movie
that you guys have a bunch of copies up
on the shelf under all the copies of
nuki there's a bunch of different random
shit yeah it's a bunch of different
random shit
oh you think about the babe shelf
there's a bunch of that one was under
the new key at one point that way we
have somebody sent us a bunch of empty
one oh wait nothing weren't empty they
thought they were full we just used the
tapes as part of the best of the worst
wall there's their empty boxes of babe
but there's big like clamshell the big
clamp showcases there's just a whole
stack of babe cases because you know
that's something those are over there
now that's something that happens jump
tea scarecrow
um no we were Hunchback jack for 28
fucking months in a row says watching
jack tweaking and customizing his squad
for so long is strangely compelling yet
another reason I watch this channel
thanks for the great stream guys you're
welcome it's that's part of XCOM that's
that's all I can say is I don't know
like in other games like in in in like
an action role-playing game where you
can customize your character how long do
you spend because I'll spend some time
just getting them to look just right
that's not how bad the default looks
sure sure
the defaults ugly maybe I'll spend some
time but and XCOM noses they give us all
these tools just to poke and prod and
get you give with it maybe I'll like
give it like a star or just like an
extra belt just so I felt like I
customized it like oh I think I could do
anything with the nose and the face
cards as eyes are green now I guess
that's mine and his name is Gary
Gary's mine now blue vaad for twelve
months in a row and blue Vaughn says
whoa a whole year Clem Fandango says Wow
two months again that true Clem might be
a glitch in the system just this guy you
know for thirty three fucking months in
a row and just as guiding us is where we
are all getting so old it's true every
day hey it's Ben G nice pizza train 11
for 31 fucking months in a row pizza
train 11 says Jack what are you
currently watching on TV Netflix if you
aren't currently watching anything what
are you looking for doing the fall
season
mad tv strats you know what I just
finished rich who felt pretty good about
it
I can talk about it a little bit you
probably haven't seen it yet American
Gods okay the Starz original based off
of the Neo Geo
yeah not a bad show okay
it's not great but it has incredibly
striking visuals like do you know what
the premise of the book and show is I've
heard it once I forgot so it's not just
what if God is real it's what if every
single God ever was real okay
and it's kind of great if I made one up
right now would it be real there's some
rules is the Flying Spaghetti Monster
real there's some rules that apply what
are the rules the rule is enough people
need to believe in that God okay okay
for that God to be real okay and there
might be some sacrifices do they die off
the believers fall off all right all
right
and the show isn't the strap then just
to go on TV and say yo um Zeus
that's not believing seeing is not
believing or it sure it is that's not
how that's not how it works I thought I
thought you were baptized you should
know this shit even without seeing it's
just called idiocy
it's called fade so many Jesuses yeah
that was a great episode because not
only is Jesus real but every Jesus from
every different religion is real Wow and
so there was there's one episode with
like 30 Jesus's great but anyway it's a
really it's rig like fascinating premise
and the visuals are delightful and
engaging here's the problem rich yeah
any it commits a cardinal sin of writing
okay which is any show with a mystery
the main character should not solve that
mystery after the audience already has
that's because then the main character
is just an idiot that doesn't make them
seem dumb yes and the audience does the
audience have access to information
that the main character doesn't those
the question no okay after a certain
point no the main carry item it's just
whether the main character chooses to
believe in this crazy world that we're
all in okay and it gets a little grating
because the main character is a bit of
an idiot but in any case so it's a
really good show and I very much
recommend it very much recommend
American Gods so yeah I've been watching
that and actually now out of shows to
watch so I gotta wait for some what's
coming up I don't know I don't know
either stranger things transiting season
two it's late October Halloween right
yeah Crispin Glover is in it and he's
being great presumably ash vs. Evil Dead
Season three though I've heard nothing
about it which is strange that's strange
I'm not super looking forward to that so
in any case that's what I've been
watching lately and I've been enjoying
it watch the new Bojack horseman I don't
know if Jack would like bow Jack I want
to say I watched one episode and felt
okay about it didn't know how I figured
you would feel about Bojack horseman I I
hear many good things about it and I do
love Will Arnett so maybe I'll give it
another chance but it's not afraid to
occasionally be excessively bleak yeah
yeah that's good
yeah that could be good I like that that
The Watcher shouldn't know as much or
else the story all become very poor and
and that like that's the only problem
like the show keeps you American gobs
keeps you interested because the visuals
are so striking and the premise is great
and every episode Izzy is just like
what's filled with wondering I get the
world but what's the thrust of this show
in American Gods the thrusts of the show
is the gods are gathering in Wisconsin
okay and we are along with our everyman
whose name is shadow moon okay who meets
a mysterious traveler Mew spoilers in
the first episode he meets a mysterious
man and due to some life circumstance
accompanies the mysterious man on an
adventure to Wisconsin okay so okay so
the thirst you know it's it's a good
it's a good watch if you are like it
some of the some of the gods stuff just
great we're at trigger II for 12 months
in a row and trigger II says I've waited
12 months for this and now I have
nothing clever to say keep up the great
concert thank you hey Mon cam Brown Adam
Sandler says 9 months we've carried this
baby to full term congratulations
the the end here oh nice
silly putt d bleach meet says hey you
hack Franz thanks to the entertainment
here's free money hey glad to have every
money thank you very much I'm looking
that way I'm looking that way I know I
know this way that's gonna take a long
time to get used and here's the weird
thing like we can see the camera it's
not the cameras hidden we're just so
used to talking to that so how do you
really look at the camera though you
just look the general direction make a
point general direction is out there
it's gonna be tough we're gonna break a
neck you did try Rick and Morty and
didn't like it right I'm just talking
about shows you might want to watch it's
not like I didn't lie I thought it was
fine yeah
like I watched the whole first season
and I said oh okay yeah I get is fun
it's you know it's it's humorous it's
sci-fi I didn't like Rick that much you
know I don't think you're supposed to
write their Gizem he's a jerk right
right and so I didn't land ball and I
hated his burp thing I really hate I
just hated listening to him okay and it
just didn't grab me enough to watch
anymore after the first season so
season two and three are different from
season one a friggin Morty I don't know
about that that I don't know that
they're especially all that different
I'm not I'm this is me not dissing Rick
and Morty it just wasn't my thing all
right okay Thank You Becky got played
for reminding everyone like oh you know
what someone shared with me a picture of
what Farscape lady looks like now she's
smoking up she'd be a great samus yeah
and they even found a picture of her
with like like wavy blond hair and it's
like maybe maybe first Cape just feels
older to me than it really is
well shit they say that she's the same
age as Keith Karl Urban Keith Urban okay
name is I'm think maybe I'm just
thinking I think of that shows being a
90s thing for some reason it feels older
than it really is maybe to me a Farscape
maybe I didn't watch it when I was
coming out I didn't discover Farscape
until I know five years ago or so sure
sure but yeah she looked she looks like
she still looks badass got that and got
that you know almost like a like she's a
weird sexy I'm trying to think of a good
analogy where she's like she's sexy but
also has an edge to her Claudia Claudia
Black is yeah that was her name but uh
someone were sharing pictures and I was
like she would make a fuckin badass
samus okay I'm glad to be proven wrong
so I'm I'm I'm a hundred percent in our
sama in our Metroid movie that we're
writing right now currently and pitching
to studios
Claudia Black is in the is in the
front-running so
where are we Linda Hamilton alwa T -
yeah Claudia black looks better I'm not
no hammer cap no Brown Adam Sandler did
in here is the bleach meet she's great
but a tad old no we're talking about t2
though Arab Linda Hamilton Linda
Hamilton not a modern-day all right okay
we are on tragedy and tragedy sense
Oh tragedy tragedy troj it II says here
is my free money
yippee for no more overlay I think what
you think what you mean is overlay thank
you very much still an overlay you know
just you know with update we're we're
hip with the times troj it II isn't same
as supposed to be like seven feet tall
huh how short we're hobbits supposed to
be in Lord of the Ring trilogy oh man if
only there was a way we can manipulate
actors and images to make P certain
people seem taller I've never heard of
platform shoes there's no way we could
have an actress say stand on a box and
position a camera in a certain angle to
make that happen
do you know that movies are fake and
likely we could change it like that and
get it together alright Oh for those who
don't know Tiberius Kirk is saying an
apple box an Apple box is a term for
when you have a shot that doesn't show
your actors feet and you want to make
someone seem taller and they literally
stand on a box also known as back to the
future today I'm sure they had to use a
whole bunch of tricks cuz it's not just
they wanted to seem
in height its they were nowhere near the
same height
Michael J Fox and Christopher Lloyd to
see any behind the scenes in a Tom
Cruise movie a man is a short man and
their crew they're called Apple boxes
because I think at one point they were
just Apple boxes it's a real thing like
don't they frame a lot of shots were
dock darkest brown is like like 10 feet
behind Marty just so that it's like
those that perspective like like that's
how they shot Hobbit stuff to write is
like Gandalf was way in the front and
and Frodo was really far away on a
slanty thing to make him look that's why
that's why Doc Brown is hunched into so
many shots yeah I could see it
yeah I could see it all right we're
midnight Andy for twenty three fucking
months in a row Taffer double-a Ezekiel
jeans says witness witness can actually
see you nothing's been well we witnessed
your words is that something dr. Harry
Lime for 13 months in a row says while
prereq isn't streaming I highly
recommend a dose of mushrooms weed and
Happy Mondays right oh no back back the
oh my god oh no Beck Beck ah okay artic
hiss Rex for 12 months in a row who says
I can't believe it's already been a year
of subs for me keep streaming you fucks
okay snuke seven twelve months says one
full year all right get your hand out of
my Amazon Prime ass wallet no it's open
to us now good night why are you bending
over good good good game good night good
game sexes panhandler since you guys are
great glad to be along for the ride
Thank You Tex panhandler Lord on who
says feels like years this time is lupus
4:23 fucking letter over says hey
gentlemen sort of check I legit love the
new overlay it's great completely
serious good job thank you thank you we
were rich it rich and I were talking
about the New Orleans it's it's
beautiful it's beautiful overlay uncle
kulluk of uncle kulikov uncle kulikov
it's fine it's my uncle cool Aikau worth
every minute since I first saw the order
1866 review your mom thank you thank you
this time it's lupus for twenty three
fucking months in a row so as I read
that water and I have to move on too cuz
you skipped uncle no you skipped that
one so I went back to get that one now
you're on this one get it together
clay no one DRAM beau who says thanks
for all the laughs over the years you
miserable bastards bradle 23m see Lucas
439 mother fucking months in a row and
MC Lucas says I'm watching this
previously recorded stream as a recorded
stream so I don't want to ask anything
for fear that you've already probably
talked about it but hey just wanted to
say I love you guys and every months
been worth it keep it up thank you
Thank You Lucas we appreciate that the
original Jairo
Ali was uh for 19 months in a row who
says I feel like I'm in a good position
to suggest this I think it would be best
to change fucking to 24 months makes
more sense that way and as always
thanks for the shirt like look much we
have to fuck unfuck somebody then and
it's like it's like a pregnant woman you
can't unfuck somebody you can't do it
but you can stop fucking someone and
then and then resume it once they're of
age I mean you know we got to 20 months
and to me that was a nice round number
and I figured we would just go every 10
months but the years do make sense yeah
we could we could you know like we could
just say you know like new rule we can
we can stop fucking if it's bothersome
to remember what do you think and see
Ally Raza says that being being
subscribed for 19 months in a row so
next month would be ally Roz's fine oh I
know
and they're saying you know what I'm
willing I'm willing to wait that's
that's very noble of Ali Raza
yeah but Ali Raza doesn't speak for
everybody between 20 and 23 months in a
row that's true that's true
I I feel like at this point we have set
a precedent that we need to continue the
fucking okay that's kind of how I feel
about you know maybe we'll change your
minds but for now for now it works
use your remain for 35 fucking months in
a row just 35 months one more to go
before I actually have to think of
something sassy and or clever to say you
got it you have this I believe in you
slug nuts nope just a single slug nut
for 12 months in a row who says it's
already been a year
Thank You hack frogs for all the hours
of fun conversations to listen to and
the great work you do shine on it's
because the other nut got slugged a
little too hard
you gotta remove that just a little too
hard pop it out pop it out Lucas friend
ha
is what that looks like from here with
my bad eyes that's that's my old man
eyes
Zach Peterson nerd Starks Nick Ned
Stark's neck
there you go Ned Stark's neck that is a
reference to Game of Thrones is it no it
is
Oh Ned Stark it's a character dw6 to
today that he built like a like a wooden
suit of armor why it's got some pulleys
on it and then start but he's a fantasy
setting so it wouldn't be like a machine
anything like just so kind of medieval
equivalent to the Ironman suit I guess
it's just a regular old suit of armor
though what the fuck you talking about
Oh like Tony Stark
