May 31, 2017
Friday the 13th: The Game
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/158620887
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/158632844
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xvAQhleaigc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=agMvDTiigf0
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/870012726155907072

[Part I]
we are currently streaming this is the
Friday the 13th game and J I believe you
are a pretty big Friday than I am are
you excited to play a videogame I'm
excited to explore the game I'm sure
I'll be terrible at it I'm a little
disappointed because I know that they
pushed the game back to make a single
player as well and but that's not
available yet No
so that's kind of disappointing I just
want to be Jason and turn around and
hack up teenagers but well you still
theoretically can do that but it it
randomly chooses who is going to be
Jason so you might have to be a teenager
for a couple times okay I can handle
that yeah now do you when you if you
line on Jason do you get to pick which
Jason you are go to customize counselor
or you can pick a counselor or witch
Jason Jason you have to unlock Jason's
yes I have most of them unlocked okay
how do I change Jason um let's just take
a look at them all here like I hit the
button you're unlike the grab kills I
get the face shouldn't be so loud now
though button here's all the kills you
can see like you can buy some of them I
don't have them all bought sure but like
you get four different kills you can use
and you can pick through like these head
twist rip the jaw off punch through the
stomach I think the ones I have picked
up pretty decent but how do I change
Jason all right you see that top bumper
next to the next to the trigger but not
the trigger those hit those there's a
cycle through him I don't have okay
that's part 9 yeah oh is it Jason goes
to hell Jason yeah he looks too skinny
that's the wrong way Jason goes to hell
is he looks too bulky and ugly this
actually looks better than the movie
terrible looks like he was full of
tumors this looks like part six Jason Oh
party okay yeah that's already okay oh
oh here's part six okay
oh look at that guy yeah part six is one
of my favorite Jason's party general
part seven that's the one I was thinking
of yeah he's a good Jason jesse frozen
there's a spot with a frozen again your
your camera's frozen again okay there's
a spot we can choose your Jason it's not
in this menu this is just where you will
you can look at them all chair part
three which one do you want them I'll go
with part seven he's the best one we
could switch it later a little bit later
okay press a there you go okay now back
hit go back well we it's there's a spot
I the only place I know where to change
it is like in the lobby for a game
before it starts I just
it'll be quicker if you know which one
you're picking before you get there okay
same do the same with the council or if
you want okay actually yeah you play
will miss about kill hit the pithy a
button on the plus sign I don't want
those oh yeah this is this blank spot
pick up pick a killer do they're
probably the one with the machete in the
bottom you can buy one of the other ones
it reads what they do gutting whatever
gutting is important I think I think
even though last night when I watched
this last time you you gutted someone
but their guts did not come out of them
well you know I can't all be winners
yeah I'm just saying if you're gonna say
dry sometimes the guts just don't come
out if you're gonna call something
gutting I would like to see at least
some guts gotta counselors counsel you
are I just take a look we pick them both
in the different areas only this
douchebag you have a lot more time to
casually look at them here
those guys have looser he's gonna die
first she's cool that's funny cuz these
aren't specific characters from any of
the movies but they all look like they
belong in the movie that's great yes
especially Tiffany's sure you got the
nerd oh this is great you also set it to
random nobody set to random I'll show
you where we do that you can see you've
seen them all do you want random for the
counselors yeah
okay right hip back hip back again
alright the way you do it you have to go
to quit play we have to start a match
basically okay
I have no idea what I'm doing and those
ones doin's I also don't know how to
play video you don't right I got guys I
know Jays frozen he wasn't when we
started and now he is and there's not
really a lot we can do about that we can
we can just turn to K we can just turn
his camera off if I'm frozen just let it
go fucking nailed it
there is no way to fix the camera
without stopping it yes and restarting
OBS so if you guys would like us to stop
the stream in order to start the stream
again just so Jays camera might work for
another two minutes we can do
unflattering is the picture that I'm
frozen that's the real question and I
don't know this hold on I will find out
OBS has been continually finicky about
using two cameras OBS does not like our
use you web cameras oh yeah isn't that
like that's the coolest shot that's a
part to kill oh is it
which is a ripoff of an Italian movie
really yeah so somebody ripped off an
Italian movies yeah yeah that's ironic I
want to say it's babe blood it's a Mario
Bava movie it might not be pea blood but
hmm it's the exact same kill yeah this
couples having sex and they come in and
jam a rod through both of them nice who
are they even got the font right
you know what it's not an unflattering
picture Jason I'm gonna say we keep it I
just saw the picture of Jay and it's you
know Oh first of all look at them shorts
I'm hot pants
this is like oh my god how do I move
there we go
you got the basics down that's basically
it this is uh that's kind of another
part to reference with these shorts yeah
see you see your map yes you see that
red bar under the map that's your
stamina okay if you run out of stamina
mile Jason's chasing you you're pretty
well fucked okay if all right here we go
this is the Texas Chainsaw Massacre shot
Jason can do things to make you afraid
like if you're in a house that he starts
busting the windows your fear will go up
okay and then your stamina goes down
faster and the screen gets darker it
gets spooky okay thank you so what am I
trying to do right now all right hit the
dislike button you're gonna you got to
run away now
run away how do I run down click down
the one you're using to run like push
that down okay I think I have to hold it
down yes it's a push it once then as
long as you're holding forward okay it
keeps going damn it there you go okay
he's not chasing you anymore
oh there's a gun I got a gun is one shot
in it by the way okay
I won't kill him it will only stun him
okay so what I'm where am I trying to
get to right hit the select button you
know no the back button I'm looking here
okay see that in the right these are all
like the different things you can do
like you can escape in the four-seat car
but you have to fix it okay battery in
the car you have to find car keys
two-seater gone there's a yeah you can
get to find the propeller to put on the
motorboat this thing's you got fine to
like fix the escape vehicles okay or you
can fix the phone call the cops wait for
the cops to show up and once the cops
show up you can run to the exit that's
got the cops
okay leave so
a number of different ways to get out
listen that's a freak you out but
another you just ran by
that's not shockingly this is a popular
character well yeah that's the only
character I would play as okay radio for
Tommy Jarvis Tommy Jarvis oh yeah I am
yeah
Tommy Jarvis she shows up somebody God
like if you die which Tommy Jarvis is it
though he's different he's on three
movies and he's different i won
Jaison libs okay so the the actual good
Tommy Jarvis the good well I guess he's
good in part four he's a little Corey
Feldman yeah
in part five it's sort of he's like a
red herring were that you think you're
supposed to think he might be Jason and
he's like mute through most of the movie
oh fuck I tripped yeah your stamina ran
out strength train get in this house and
like search for things you might need
like like if you find car keys or gas or
oh there's a map take that map oh my god
now if you hit that back button I've
been hitting you get a map that little
button though yeah miss Electra then
they get a map like see that the blue
things the car the other blue things the
boat okay what's the those are the other
counselors wandering around the white
dots are the counselors were wandering
around yes if you ever see a red dot
that's Jason yes they're running from
the red dot okay
yeah know what Tommy Jarvis please
please arrived and for five minutes
so once the police arrived take a look
at your map look put a little like
shield icon for the police head towards
that that's probably your best way out
it's gonna be self okay yeah but some
you have to stay alive for at least four
and a half minutes though okay I don't
use my gun if I hold down the right
trigger and then the left trigger shoots
okay that you have that backwards let's
the other one
hold on left trigger and right trigger
trees okay what I meant to say yeah
should I hang out in here for a few
minutes yeah sure you can hide under
things necessarily effective it can be
and I'll know when Jason's coming you
can open in climb this is very important
Jason cannot go through windows you
could go to a gas
oh okay so I should open that window you
should open that window yes and the
other one probably not the one that's
next to the don't like he's coming in
it's gonna be through the door with a
hatchet
sure judge frown your face I'll walk
walk to the door hold on for a second
oh my god okay you're doing great
oh my god yeah you're doing great always
okay but hold down a she'll put a
barricade over the door okay it'll slow
him down we'll stop him Hey okay judge
frowny-face as we've talked about
earlier in order to fix Jay's camera
we'd have to stop streaming and start
streaming again and we guess would just
prefer not to do that maybe when we take
a break later we'll do that sure but not
at the moment turn off for now when we
get a chance I'd rather have him see Jay
nej yep oh look at that guy yeah you can
hide under the bed so can I just like
hide here for five minutes he's around
listen to the music oh okay so I should
hold my breath ah you can one of one of
his powers is every once in a while he
can see which houses have people in them
hiding when you're hiding it doesn't
show up as bright red oh okay oh the
music oh no way that means he's gone
maybe
yes the Jason has another ability that
can like turn the music off temporarily
what he's our friend um scare purposes
sure sneak up on people
okay I I don't know like I think that
music might be like randomly trolling
people sometimes it does there's a duck
also I don't know what that duck does
but there's a duck a duck
so once the police arrived that's when I
really need to get moving okay
yeah I'd start making my way so there's
three exits on the south side there yeah
she's gonna be to the big fat Road it's
gonna be an either end of that okay okay
so if you just head in that general
directions just head south yeah
cautiously try to not make much noise
sprinting makes a lot of noise
you can I think it's the the red button
will make you crouch down but you're
really slow you really damn slow but you
don't know sure don't use any stamina I
know I open the door you go through the
window I can't go through the door I can
only go so we can't go through the door
but it's probably just quarter to go
through the window okay
you'd have to hold down a to take the
barricade you put up off okay no I did
do that already but it won't let me open
the door no one did you looked it up
yeah Oh weird okay so I am heading south
right now alright guys I will take I
will take that suggestion but that also
has to wait until this round is done I
will pan the camera over so you can see
Jay and rich-rich is doing great
backseat gaming Jay has literally I have
no clue what I'm doing wait this game
and I and I barely play any games ever I
don't even understand basic run roles
run wait no no no now he just left the
area hone I saw his dot on the screen I
think you just got lucky
oh yeah jason has its power to teleport
in this game they have to make up for
the fact that he can't run well that's
what happens in the movies people run
and he always shows up somehow so that's
a great yes explanation yes okay
they thought this game through I I
appreciate the detail I think they did
as good a job as they could have with
the subject matter as far as turning
this into a game that works so far I
mean I've only played a little bit of it
but I I watched a little bit of gameplay
the other day
headed towards that fog and maybe you'll
get lucky and the exit will be right
there in 15 seconds if it's not you're
gonna have to follow the big road the
other way okay Jay might make it out of
this first turn waters game that's what
I get for being a Friday the 13th fans
who what's on the other side you're on
the wrong side follow the big road other
way oh God
which I run no no stamina yeah we have
to stop here and then yeah build up your
stamina because if Jason does come near
you then you run I'm not doing the face
I'm not a hundred percent sure but I
think your stamina might fill up quicker
in a house but I'm not I'm not a hundred
percent sure on that all right so
welcome to Crystal Lake sign okay nice
that could be an illusion just by how
long it takes like problems regenerating
while you're doing that I like it I like
it
yeah that's had to keep following this
road yes you follow this road okay and
Jason is probably yep he's impact on
that road oh shit I see his little Reza
he's oh is that him up there yes it is
what do I do Jay running high he's going
the other way he's chasing people
heading towards the exit I stay the
course for now okay we have that shoot
him if he gets on you you're gonna have
to try and shoot him and then sprint
towards the exit actually I'm white he's
over there Jay stop running and hold
down the left trigger yeah get used to
shooting don't you just like that's how
you aim and then the other one is shoot
okay yeah but you only get one shot okay
okay we can do this it'll it'll knock
him down oh it's all sorted wait you're
good you're good you're good
keep going he's not near you keep going
this is tense this is great as far as
replicating the feel of the Friday the
13th movies this is doing a pretty damn
good job does it does every now and then
you'll have a situation where he's like
he's hatching down the door of the cabin
you're in and you're looking for like a
way out or a weapon you can use there
they're just starting hold on that
sprint sprint oh my god she's gone first
fucking gaming hey oh fuck keep going
first fucking game take that Jason Wow
else is coming now yeah they tripped
over the same rock I like that you're
randomly trip never they're running away
oh I can watch
okay that's Tommy Jarvis oh yeah yeah
that's that's Jason lips Tommy Jarvis
spin the camera round you can kind of
see his face they did a good job on yeah
that's great Jason's right on his ass
eight here breaking windows Tommy Jarvis
survived three movies he can survive
this he was almost a completely
different character in each movie but
whatever he never died did he know he
survived not many people could say that
yeah Freddie eventually got everyone
know he never got Alice from part four
and Charlie yeah she survived both
movies she's the only one I think that's
been in more than one movie that
survived both of them should they have
been in Freddy vs. Jason I think there
were so many different ideas for what
that movie should be in so many
different scripts I think they were at
one point I think it was it was gonna be
like Alice and well no Nancy dies in
part three but it's gonna be like Alice
and I think Tommy Jarvis yes yeah we're
gonna team up and they're gonna fight
Jason I think there's actually a book
that just came out about all the
different scripts that were written over
the years for all the different ideas
for Freddy vs. Jason
they did with the smartphone they did
this one thing which was keep it fucking
simple and let each character be that
character yeah the things you want to
see yeah see you want to see Crystal
Lake the movies corny as hell but what
are you gonna do with a Freddy vs. Jason
movie you know I guess I'm not much of a
workout but I really like that movie
Freddy vs. Jason versus Jason oh yeah I
saw that couple times in the theater
it's very silly who your favorite it
should be silly you go with Freddy Jason
oh I'm a Freddy guy Freddy guy I was a
Freddy guy growing up all throughout my
childhood it was all about Freddy as
I've gotten older I've grown I always
watched the Friday the 13th movies as a
kid but I think I've grown to appreciate
them more as an adult discuss their the
polar opposite of the nightmare on
street movies those are like creative
they're inventive and fun and the Friday
the 13th movies are just so blunt and
stupid that's why I like the Friday the
13th they're magical they're magical I
will agree that the Nightmare on Elm
Street movies are better films mm-hmm
but there's just something so blunt and
relatable he's like The Hulk he's just
he's just unrestrained aggression yes
yes what is this guy doing I'm just
trying to be quiet
try and quietly make his way towards the
cop exit would be my guess maybe you
know I was supposed to go a few years
ago I wanted to take a vacation anyway
and I have I saw that there happen to be
in LA there was a gonna be at the what's
the name of the theater a camera it's
like a small theater in LA so but they
were doing an arch light or something it
was smaller than that okay Wow what's
the name of the theater but they were
doing a thing they're doing they were
doing a theatrical screening of the
Tommy Tommy Jarvis trilogy so they're
gonna play part four five and six and
that's why I decided I wanted to take a
vacation anyway it was like I'm gonna go
to LA I'm gonna see the Tommy Jarvis
trilogy in the theater it's gonna be
great
and so that it was the same it was the
night that I I got in that day and it
was that night okay
and coincidentally a friend of mine was
also in LA at the same time so like yeah
let's go get you know dinner and stuff
before I go to this thing and then you
know we're hanging out we're chatting
and and I was like it's like yeah fuck
the screen II and like I know it's kind
of why I came out here but I'm out here
for five days I have other things to do
like I'll blow off the screening and
we'll just hang out cuz you know you're
only here for a day yeah
and so I missed the whole original
reason I went out there was the Tommy
Jarvis trilogy I did not go and then I
found out after the fact and this is
like a small like a really intimate
theater yeah I found out after the fact
that after screening all night was
Quentin Tarantino
it's like goddammit and he's just
hanging out in these enchanting with
people sure
oh you schmuck yep this Jason is
terrible
apparently that's good for everybody
else there you go
you survived rich rich can you please
turn off huh
yeah we're just gonna turn people won't
shut up about it
by then we're gonna we're gonna OH
goodbye I'm just gonna do seasons mother
we're gonna do that oh yeah yeah his
cabin is in the game okay there's a
there's a convoluted way to kill Jason
okay that requires like a lot of
teamwork hmm for one like like what a
hardest part it's not easy to do you
have to damage Jason enough that his
mask comes off which isn't easy to do
sure then is specifically a female
counselor has to find Jason's cabin and
put on his mother's sweatshirt okay so
that's what that's what happens in part
two once that happens once Jason is the
mask off and the female counselor has
the sweatshirt on the female counselor
has to be near Jason use the sweatshirt
as an item to stun Jason she liked Jason
put damage oh yeah computer sure that
confuses Jason then she has to not come
down to his knees by hitting him on the
head
hmm then specifically Tommy Jarvis has
to come in with either an axe or a
machete to finish the job Jarvis that's
wonderful that's great but that's like a
combination of so many different things
from all the different movies I love it
oh yeah I know now everyone's
complaining that they can't see me but I
know you people came here to see you
tonight
Jack's no fool goddamn sons of bitches
like I made this too big now I'm okay
they go
the jack yeah I have you and by the way
you guys are all very funny thank you
for being so funny where's jack did
Jackie settle down okay probably not J
no Stephanie I exercise Jason right on
bland girl this is this is the girl that
dies halfway through the movie she's not
the first to die but she's up well she
kind of could be a final girl maybe just
just as her character arc starts she
gets it I just needed to say that I've
always wanted to be was the last girl
you played and she's like the first one
out right the slut the slutty girl yeah
she's early on although I survived see
where I'm going
oh wait I'm out now I'm assuming if they
were smart the map would not be in the
same place it was last time I played
right no okay yeah item items are
randomized sometimes you'll find a mean
like you can go into houses and open a
drawer potentially an exit when the cops
show up but they don't let you just walk
out unless the cops are there okay or
you can drive out if you get the car but
if you find a car if that's where you
want to derive okay if you get on the
boat if you if that's the thing that
happens there's two Rudd boys that's
like the exit you want to go through
those okay though I don't even know if
this map has a boat you can hit that
back button to see all the things that
are possible here but which one dad
doesn't all right Leslie yeah oh yeah oh
that helps keep your fear down yeah like
it's okay with you 30s just a boat and
there's a four sheet car nice this is
the same thing as les yeah well they I
think the other one I don't know that
had a boat I think that had the two cars
roughly the same right okay yeah so just
this like just walking down this this
foggy road at night like this is great
well you remember to loot a cabin and
find just some stuff yeah yeah and do
the same thing where you kind of
borrowed the door just in case Jason
finds you
Louise our boy rules how do you say that
Bui
Louise boy please
I think it's pronounced boy boys yeah oh
dammit get it together you want to keep
yourself out there you go uh-oh
cuz I mean he's nearby could be could
just be a scary noise oh wait hold on a
by the door again to barricade it if you
remember oh yeah so you can barricade
every door yep
okay by the way he can smash windows he
has the smash windows windows with a
shutter you can't use but windows that
are smashed you can still climb out of
them but you take a little bit of damage
okay
what's in here nothing no you want you
want it's okay you want to search as
many drawers you could possibly find
sure yeah
Cicero's just in oh I met shelf wrench
is better than a pot what shelf all
right here yeah wrench beats pan I'm
pretty sure does
looks like somebody was already in here
those drawers are open they might have
taken anything that was good hmm that's
a nedra though right that blue one that
greenish one by the window no other side
oh my god you can do it terrible with
canals you can do it now you're not used
to games no I'm not at all nobody blames
you for that except for everyone in the
chip
everyone everyone chad is really upset
about here well you know what they're
gonna have to deal with it pretty much
pretty much oh all these goddamn empty
drawers do you know how to swing the
wrench um assuming the same thing you
would he use for the shotgun yeah okay
okay
mmm
different Kevin yeah keep looking for
stuff yeah it can awesome well sometimes
it depends there's different strategies
sometimes it's smart to stay on your own
and just keep a low profile other times
it's good to work with people like you
can all get the car going together
pretty fast if you're working as a team
oh sure and then y'all just y'all just
drive out like a group before yeah okay
I'll find the I'll find the battery you
find the keys you find some gas no I'm
sure though Jason could stop the car of
course he can because he's JC can he
walk in front of it and if it hits him
it'll just stop ya know what's the what
what was that it was it was it was she
she she mamama right key key key key key
I can't kill ma ma ma ma yes that was
the original idea because the first
movie it's a mom yeah wasn't the door
next to that she's got that wrench for a
slightly less scuffed yeah yeah that's
this set a pipe pipe so not sure which
is better mm-hmm let's stick with the
wrench I mean the fireplace poker the
wrench fixes the pipe so the rent now
that are right what what be with me here
okay Jax Jax being silly
how will flare gun you could shoot a
flare gun a Jason no oh come on you're
not getting anything no oh that's a high
D
oh I'm siding ooh oh yeah that first for
you to hold your breath oh yeah I was
doing that when I saw ya that by the way
I do think it would be kind of sad if
you just never ran into Jason I'm sure I
will please get the aerosol do I want
that yeah that's that's a health oh okay
that's an item you can carry like three
things like that with you okay yeah you
find a pocket knife you can like stab
Jason in the neck if he tries to grab
you
good knifes are good firecrackers you
can throw down to like distract him hmm
some music mean he's nearby it's
somewhere nearby he doesn't necessarily
he could be chasing after someone else
now that could have just been scared
music began I think the music I think
the music gives you stings when he's not
around sometimes
Jason usually hunts by where the car is
cuz he's trying to stop people from
getting the car running yeah sure so I
already in this one yeah okay I'm not
particularly good at games but I'm
enjoying this don't worry there's a
person there you wanna stick with him
maybe he knows way out where that white
dot on your radar oh I see get your own
hang on the survivor see what happens oh
he's in the cabin yeah let's climb
through the window other side I think oh
they're really being finicky about what
frigging side you can go through no just
tap it just happened once it's open so I
did
she's got a car battery ooh hello what
do I do now hey hot pants just follow
them
hey I'm following you first time player
here we're just gonna follow you around
they didn't hear you because they could
see freaking controller thing stop
moving for a second check just first
time player we're just gonna follow you
oh she's gone oh another one Holly she's
got the battery she might be going on to
fix the car you get a ride with them she
go she's the oh my god just no I think
she's that way she's outside she's
running around she's running around J
that's fine wait for me you are you're
the needy friend I hurt my ankle you
carry me guys wait up
come on this isn't funny this isn't
funny anymore the name we always used to
when I was a kid me and my brother
make like Friday the 13th parody videos
throughout the house and the name that
we always call out like when you're
looking for your friend was Barbara for
some reason
all right so we'd run around like the
hallway in the house disco and Barbara
Barbara and then I would get killed I
don't know why Barbara but that was the
name we picked I like it Barbara Barbara
I don't think there's a character in any
of the Friday the 13th movies named
Barbara though I don't know why that was
the one we went with Living Dead
subconsciously peeking through maybe no
hear that music right he's got to be
close but he's not on your map at all
Jesus Christ
I was already in this place wasn't I
baby hey hey I got somewhere else
where'd that other person go there some
word your left where are they it must be
anything no there's been another out of
the house the ring oh god damn it I
think they started following you that
map on the bottom right is very handy
for stuff like that oh sure hey buddy
bets now hey buddy wait up good old spit
snaps that snaps spit snaps
Spetsnaz and by the way I forget if you
could killed while you're in a tent it's
a sleeping bag death oh great we did it
last year it was pretty awesome
yes that's that's probably the best kill
in any of the movies right unfortunately
it took Jason a long time to find us so
we were just hanging out of 10 you have
been playing for like half an hour you
have not had one close call with Jason
no I saw him kind of up the street a
little ways oh oh what's that someone's
dying or are season left that's the car
there hope there's someone there right
oh yeah
oh there's a couple people over here oh
she's she's wounded
oh what's this guy doing oh he's fixing
the phone he's nearby
where is he did you lose him well I'm
assuming teleported there because that's
her like multiple people he's still over
there I can't get her because he usually
hangs up typically if you're playing
Jason there's hot spots you know where
people are more likely to be oh sure
yeah by the car makes sense so how did
that billboard never listen to Jack have
you ever go through a window wait wait
wait he's over there he's over there oh
good let him kill him kill those people
hey I'm gonna go in the house and get my
stamina back up what it's the phone
fixed oh you idiot Oh turn off your
flashlight moron no that helps with fear
really yeah
I'm just open this chest to be ready hit
that step that one but Nikki oh no they
didn't fix it yet I can see it's right
what is this red thing that's the fuse
box for the phone for the phone box
you gotta fix the phone to call the
police listen oh yeah machete now jerk
well who's blaring the rock music you
can turn radios on it'll create noise it
might confuse Jason as to where you
actually are there is you didn't see the
TV get the fuck out of here that sounds
like a good idea
bye hey yes Jason is another player
yeah I'm assuming he's always another
player right yeah yes okay I'm just
gonna sit here and get my stamina back
up
oh yeah that's probably smart I haven't
had much stamina for a while though that
was exciting seen him walk by that was I
got a scene out of the movie oh shit
where to go I think it's chasing someone
else okay jeez Oh God
yeah J is playing you gonna you might
want to turn the flashlight on because
you accumulate fear I think just by
walking in the dark oh okay do you
eventually run out of batteries in your
flashlight oh okay well that's helpful
is he right behind me what the fuck
that's another good fine as they say he
is a red dot on the map if no yeah if
he's there yes sometimes it's not there
it might be related to like how much
noise Jason is making I'm not sure okay
oh it's locked
thank you go to the window but you've
been in that one before probably not if
it's locked at Fairleigh Evan someone
else probably was you might have locked
it someone else blocked it I'm sure with
no what I have locked it
oh this look at that door Stern out to
your left
like no down that hallway just look at
the door oh hey that's great
fantastic
yeah I'm gonna stand here and get my
stamina back do it if you get your
stamina back faster if you crouch
I got a fall now anyway yeah you know
what that is though if it comes up again
uh which one was it
I think it's the B the red one yes okay
that's how you sneak I saw you sneak you
can be sneaky if you want if you want
you can be sneaky you're not being
sneaky you're probably making some kind
of noise right I'm saying this is just a
hiding place yeah well Jays sneaking
around we'll get to some tips hang out
in here for a little while leery tips
I saw the verbage a while ago thinking
it was math nothing happened and it
wasn't scary but over time I found
myself thinking yes oh shit Shay hold my
breath yes I was singing back instead of
temporary cheap scares it had a lasting
impression that's the that's the whole
thing that's so much scarier to me oh
he's killing someone out there oh he's
coming isn't he this is great you lasted
a good long while yeah only four minutes
left you have a sleeping bag the right
color all tents are next to trees
perfect that's great okay oh you just
called the police great yeah it felt a
lot of good it did him the games get the
matches get a timeout before the oh sure
so yeah the verbage good atmosphere
instead of cheap scares that's the best
horror right you want something that's
gonna stick with you over the past
couple days I watched get out finally oh
yeah
also like like not the greatest horror
movie in the world but a really good
like uncomfortable feeling yes not like
the voltage well no no not like the
witch but it's good did you had you seen
the trailer forget out I had not okay
well that's a plus because the trailer
gives away everything I mean whole
goddamn movie would have been so great
to go in and kind of not know where it
was going I avoided spoilers this guy's
dead
what are you doing run Stalin for as
much time as he can sure oh yeah stay
alive for 2 minutes and 40 seconds you
can do it and then he'll he'll survive
by default oh really
that happens ok for 20 minutes mmm every
match is 20 minutes nice nice but like I
knew would get out I like I had assumed
what it was about there you know yeah
they did it they did a good job
I want to re-watch it oh no it's on VOD
yeah I liked it a lot oh yeah no it made
me think about I forget who I was having
this conversation with someone was
having a conversation with me about like
whether or not the the main character
needs to look like you in order to I'd
help identify with that character know
well or or know more so how much it
helps like huh and and I was I kept
thinking about get out and like I was in
it I was well it does a great job of
making you understand his point of view
exactly like I felt uncomfortable being
a black man in an all-white family yeah
I was there exactly and that's the thing
is like obviously I cannot relate to
that experience at all but the movie
made me understand that yeah absolutely
oh my god this guy's doing a good job of
just this guy's rely in his time he's
Pro
these are pro moves I identify with
Marlin from Finding Nemo and he's a
fucking fish well that's it just I just
watch this and I'm just having a
conversation with someone like oh how
important is it like somewhat maybe but
not it's not always it's not 100%
important right there's some degree sure
oh sure yeah it just depends on the
movie no I I also think like it can be
completely nullified with good
filmmaking yeah sure yeah as in the case
of get out absolutely oh my god 40
seconds what are you doing now if you
were were playing Jason would you know
that he wins by default
25 seconds yeah okay he doesn't get the
clock no okay
he gets a two-minute warning Jason gets
a two-minute warning okay it doesn't get
the clock no oh
interesting he doesn't give like the
clock to the police either oh I think I
think there's an audio cue that lets
them know that someone called them you
have five seconds dude do it nice job
but it says you died because of me right
right it's just reminding me you still
failed I should say you're still done if
there's Jason's Shack but you still did
captain molar says hello hello captain
molar Brown Adam Sandler says this is
the first frame I could catch since this
month's subscription I enjoyed Jack's
reaction to my name and validated my
decision to change my twitch name yeah
Brown Adam Sandler made me giggle I
don't know why so here's a tip for that
reaction well thank you Brown Adam
Sandling no Jason was terribly only got
three kills it's terrible
well one of them was Jay you said you
don't get the plays Jason very often in
our lives into the game yeah yeah and
how many times would you say you've
played Jason I've known a pheromone I'll
say I'll say 10 yeah but I've planted a
fair amount though I'm actually enjoying
this game yeah yeah you've said I know
people are wise words playing vanquish
yeah I kind of put that on the back
burner waiting for them to come out with
the patch for the double damage right
right I'll be banking again very shortly
because they just patched it oh good but
the main side of them playing a lot but
here's how it probably works out okay um
average probably two times a night and
that's what a lot of plan that's what
hours of playing yeah you get to be
Jason maybe twice I guess that seems
normal cuz like there's a couple what
like one night it was one time yeah I
got really liked it one night it was
like three times I think it's average
table - oh my lord
look at that that's me but again you
know that makes sense because of all the
people who want to be Jay everyone wants
this and that's all I want to be right
that's why they need to get the fucking
single player for this well I'm just
really surprised they don't have like an
offline practice arena mode because
Jason has all sorts of abilities and new
areas to do his abilities it's got
different kills all these different
kills exactly so just like a space to
practice when you're not online I'm
really shocked they don't have that they
have that for other online only like my
first time playing is Jason everybody
got away because I had no idea how to
play Jason I know idea what I was doing
mm-hmm well I didn't understand the how
the grab worked Jason's gonna grab you
can explain it to Jay how do you how do
you uh pick like which kill you're gonna
do at the in the moment it's one of
those four buttons yeah once you're
grabbing is it's once you're grabbing
somebody hold this okay they have to be
oh this could be you it could be yeah
Jason's you fuck yeah I bet to use your
powers
you hold this down kill them all okay
there you see that the triangle thing in
the bottom yes you know the red ones the
power you have now as time goes on
you'll get more if you hold down that
button I showed you and like that oh my
gosh okay okay okay so pick a spot where
you want to go and hit a the red icon is
gonna be like the car and I think the
other ones the boat yeah that's good by
the car it's morphin time
all right now that button I showed you
to hold down to use a power now hit the
bottom button while you're holding that
that'll be this your senses now look
around
does anything look bright red look
around there's somebody in that cabinet
ah okay how do I get rid of the snow do
the same thing you did again hold that
down and hit a rock you can swing and
break a window or you can hold down the
right trigger to break down the door oh
shit the right trigger the right trigger
laneway right that's what I'm doing no
right right oh all right what's done how
do I get in here they're going out the
window
you have to keep doing it through the
door breaks there on the other side use
your senses again oh shit okay rich Jays
good all right you got that one go you
guys settled him do it yeah so remember
hold down the right button hold it down
and then press a there you go oh yeah
I'll teleport to ya go back here yes god
damn it
there's more than two buttons I don't
know how this works that sounds they're
making head torch thumbs yeah yeah you
got it
go get them Jason my boy and you play as
as Pamela Voorhees no oh I saw someone
of that hair totally in their crazy they
were down break that just hold it down
till the doors gone I feel like just
hold it hold it hold it
oh okay he does it so fucking slow I
know he's just run away that's why you
got we're down there Sam you gotta make
them afraid oh oh how do you grab people
the left town they went out the window
okay so the left trigger is for grab
that's how you're gonna get your killer
you fuckhead oh she's horrible she's
fast
just like stunned me all right hold on
hold down that hold down your power
button and hit the blue button good the
blue button okay can I not use it again
now it has to cool down okay
that's the cool down but you're closer
you're closer like if somebody's running
away and they're getting further than
you that's how you make up for Jason's
slowness okay
it's actually more complicated playing
Jason that's interesting well but he's
very powerful so they have to balance
that
what's that radio I'll call the police I
think okay sand I have five minutes to
kill them kill them all Jason mommy use
your senses again oh come on join us I
smell a yes
J doesn't know video game mechanics
because no life at all right use your
red vision J does stuff with there's
someone well not that one I'm sorry I'm
bad the red version is that one there oh
sorry the red the vision that the now
look around see if you can see any red
no no I want to help him but I can't
backseat again I know yeah you its I'm
rooting for J it's really tough cuz like
but he'll get it he'll get it don't you
worry on the bright side all these
counselors are gonna have an easy round
oh yeah yeah my first time is Jason I
was so bad because I had absolutely zero
idea what I was doing
zero humberto Cabbage Patch Monsanto J
can you give us a good dougie Jones
hello that's the new twin peaks' okay
dougie Jones is my favorite talking
thing one of my favorite things that's
ever been on Twin Peaks okay
hi I'm really excited for Twin Peaks I'm
waiting for more goddamn good I'm
excited for it but there's nobody
anywhere okay there's some 100 there in
the house oh he's so slow could use your
evil dead
they're in there they're still in there
oh yeah you can get them you got a kill
at least one person I think that's
that's important to the stream that's
the window do something to make them
afraid that my regular stamina down well
oh shit
where's the cart go to your map no not
that alright you can see where it's
moving you can try and cut him off in
the past you know they're gonna be
headed self yeah oh there you go go
right here perfect I just get on the
road and walk into the car this is the
road right I don't know if they're
behind you or in front of you yeah did
they turn around look at your map those
bastards they might have the matter of
duped you I can't look at my map just
hit the select button alright another oh
there way there front of you there
Freddie there it is
there they were waiting for a friend
like an idiot oh they're so dick oh god
I got a flare in the brain press hey hey
oh they drove in you welcome to the drug
under the driver side and it hit that
green button hit that green button okay
now what I do uh just just hit those
four buttons on the pad oh fuck you guys
this is exciting
I can't do anything right now
no there's a stun lock dude waiting
teleport teleport again no fort again
which one's teleport Oh bitch be be
there you go they're gone
more people left there's more people
left four of them got gone oh no I'm in
the water what the fuck I'll die in the
water you're really fast in the water
that's weird mm-hmm
anonymous says the some totality of
Stargate sg-1 is better than any other
sci-fi you have seen before man I wonder
who wrote that I've been getting a lot
of Stargate requests who guys I'm a
Stargate but one particular person in
chat they are they just trolling you
then they wrote like really how long was
the email oh it was it was pages pages
pages like rich you need to watch
Stargate and here's why I don't want to
read that it's a frickin pages and pages
about a show I don't I'm not interested
in and then they yelled at me because I
didn't forward it to rich because I know
he didn't want to read it yeah and so
then they they wrote it out and they
sent it in the mail like the physical
mail I still didn't read it this is
someone messing with you now I hope so
now it is hopefully Jay what do you
think of the recently canceled Friday
the 13th movie probably for the best
they'd fuck it up they've been they
would give the given movie to these
people that made this game they clearly
have a love for the franchise you know
the reason for not for canceling the
movie they were gonna start shooting it
later this year they cancelled it
because rings did poorly at the box
office so they're like oh people don't
want horror reboots now it's like no
people just don't want shitty movies
reboots can still work just make it you
know just make people like at this point
Jason's been to space you know Freddy
vs. Jason happen yeah
the remake actually got it right I know
people don't like any of those Platinum
Dunes remakes but that one got it right
and that it just feels like another
dumbass Jason movie that you can you can
turn the power off in the area by
hitting that box
nice all right nice Jason yeah we could
we need Jason like on a mountaintop no
we just need a back to basics simple
Jason movie actually what we need is
just no more like any all these slasher
franchises once they got out of the 80s
they all started to suck almost every
one of them except for Chucky the Chucky
movies are still running strong and
they're still good really yeah well now
they're just doing direct-to-video ones
there's less risk on universals part
yeah and they just go direct to the the
fan base curse of chucky came out a
couple years ago and it was wonderful is
who's the lady that voices Bride of
Chucky she's Jennifer Tilly yep she's
still involved there's one new one
coming out later this year really yep
god bless jennifer Tilly event oh she's
a she's a sport in those movies
especially uh you probably didn't see
seed of Chucky did you that one's just a
straight-up comedy a lot of people don't
like it I think it's wonderful because
it's so weird and subversive like I've
seen a ton of those movies I don't know
if I've seen that's the one where they
got a kid it's like a like a marital
drama with Chucky and Tiffany and they
have this kid that doesn't that has like
gender identity issues
it's so fucking great because he's a
doll so he doesn't have you know
genitals so he doesn't know and his name
is Glen but he uh but he might want to
be a woman and as a woman he wants to be
called Glenda which is like a Edward
reference it's fucking great and the end
and Chucky and Tiffany they uh they're
going to like like like a a but it's for
killing or it's like they have a killing
addiction and John Waters isn't it of
course I like that movie everybody hates
it just cuz it's so goofy and all like
it's not a horror movie anymore but it's
completely absurd and it was in movie
theaters which is the most amazing part
you you were causing people on the chat
to download that movie right now so
congratulations you're ruining
everyone's evening there's one really
shitty dated it's like Britney Spears
joke that kind of sucks sure but I blew
my opportunity is Jason here how you
really did if if another Jason comes up
I might want to grab the controller from
you again because I have yet to play as
Jason okay if it happens again it's all
yours thank you maybe I'll play one more
round and then someone else can take
over all right cool
do we want to play with the chat at any
point let's hold off for a second
because we have a pro we've we tried to
play that other game with chat and they
could see where we were yeah and they
kind of ruined it presumption is
presumption yes I am presuming and I am
presume incorrectly this mic doesn't
like to stay in place
oh it needs to be tightened yeah I
tighten it and then it just it's very
slowly but it basically these mics are
fucking have you mean that's true that
is a big part of it
mics are heavy also with the Chucky
movies John's written by the same guy
entire series has had a consistent
creative input that makes me like which
which has and which is really weird when
you see how different they all are like
you look at the first one that you look
at see too Chucky which is a marital
drama well at that point he's got to
just be like what can I get away with
exactly how can I keep this fresh for me
yeah yeah yeah
Higgins Haven
okay you are not Jason
that's not your Jason no this is part
three Jason
oh you're hipster now you're super
hipster let's see he will anonymous says
how are you guys with daily routines one
little thing changed in mind and it all
went to shit
I'm completely disorganized I'm nodding
my head you gotta the camera's not on me
I'm nodding my head I'm very much thank
you Jay for doing that for me I get
upset if there is a routine you're a
madman I love my routine it's it's hard
to have a routine when you're doing
different things all the time but I try
to have a general at least like a
morning routine yeah oh I'm a pretty
organized person probably too much so
like my routine involves change but like
usually I have set blocks where I say
okay this is my block where I'm going to
be doing some sort of editing this is oh
sure yeah I'm going to be doing some
sort of other work that work can change
day to day but usually I try to block oh
my God look at his face he was really
upset what's wrong with your face well I
didn't want to say that oh yeah I was
just gonna make me hide yeah but maybe
I'd open it there'd be a dead body or
something look something fun maybe one
day maybe one day anonymous says I've
watched some good and bad B movies but
with commentary from the guys from mst3k
about their trap yeah
that's pretty awesome anyway what
RiffTrax they've been listening to
RiffTrax baby movie RIF traps does this
count as having seen the movies or
should I see them again without it what
the fuck you're hearing other players
Wow
there must be they must be close to you
machete I want that instead that's
probably better than a bear trap right
you guys set the bear trap and then just
walk away and then come back to the
machine oh yeah it's a bear trap like a
further door ah but you can also you can
also accidentally step into it yeah
that's what I would do
you're probably not gonna be going
through the door yeah well it's Jason
could set traps too
Oh Kenny that's funny I say enjoy the
bad movie however you want to and if you
enjoy it while listening to RiffTrax
that's how you enjoy it yes it still
counts to seeing the movie No please
arrive we're great someone called the
police oh my god oh my god that scared
the shit out of where am I going
yeah that person I don't have a map
either do I you don't have anything no I
got a machete oh well there you go you
got that this isn't the weight of the
thing yeah you got a that could this
looks like a road that's a road yeah you
gotta you got five full minutes that's
true the cops show up yeah you might
want to do some more foraging yeah yeah
not scared I didn't see her booty first
if I would have signed the booty I would
have said yeah we got a friend I just
saw movement behind us and I thought it
was Jason who there's a barn yep like a
part three barn
Jason ain't got that booty that's the
thing I just said yeah Jason ain't got
that booty but you know it's also true
he's he's he's skips leg day Jason this
upper body he's all upper body this ass
is probably bony right you seen his back
yeah yeah oh yeah this we got a full-on
barn nice heavy a pitchfork or something
in here right of course I never like jet
the skeleton back from post seven Jason
no no I think it's cool I don't want a
piece of wood just be how about just a
piece of wood man as far as like pre
zombie Jason I probably like part I must
say for the best
but posts knobby Jason the the exposed
like backbone and all that I think it's
great you can't have a muscular guy who
was also all bones fucking contradiction
she's magical that's true
deal with the magic I like this but
visually the exposed bones meet I'm
sorry that that breaks the illusion for
you the shame every violin kill got cut
out of that movie you were here for that
when we did on my birthday when we
watched him alright
yeah yeah and that was the one where
like a kill was about to happen or was
like uh uh and then right when the
killings cut away and we all went ah
every single every time that's part
seven that's the library fight scary
basically yeah which is a fun concept
they had a special effects guy directing
the movie he's going to design the
looking for Jason in it but just the
MPAA just butcher that movie and then
you look at like shit you can get away
with on TV now and like it's so like the
movie was so tainted comparison on basic
cable not even HBO we're talking about
oh yeah the fucking Fargo gets away with
more shit than that yeah it's a
different arrow he's right over there do
you see is the red dot on it oh yeah oh
he's gone now or he's not doing he's not
doing this fast walk I think that's what
makes me show up on the radar okay is
there and we probably probably talked
about this when we did your birthday
thing thought did you uh is there a
version with the kills or they're just
somewhere in a there's on the DVD and
probably on the blu-ray there's like
work print footage like really shitty
like third-generation VHS stuff but
there's no it's the material doesn't
exist anymore to like restore it sure
that no one would have thought to
archive that yeah they didn't save that
stuff back then so what she just lost to
time yeah it's really unfortunate
because there's some pretty good stuff
because that's the the one with the
sleeping bag kill and in the original
cut he earned the movie the theatrical
cut he smacks her once and then she's
dead yeah but in the the original cut he
smacks her like five six seven times and
the bag is just
I'm bloody pulp oh man how upsetting I I
do not now that you've mentioned that I
remember and there was a big enough
group of us at that time where we were
all psyched for each kill yeah
oh man then I think after that we scare
stamina is gone yeah me crouched oh yeah
it does grow back slightly faster good
that guy is worried he is worried about
so many things
okay man okay man okay man yeah I think
after we watched part seven we skipped
ahead to Freddy vs. Jason is like I'm
not watching Jason Takes Manhattan
it's I I kind of like it just I have a
fondness for it but it's it's a bad
movie but that's like I think maybe the
first one I ever saw oh yeah and the
concept is Jason Takes Manhattan like
that's great but he spends 90% of the
movie on a boat no well somehow they get
from Crystal Lake they get from a lake
in the Midwest and they take a giant
boat and it ends up in New York City
somehow the channel system in the Great
Lakes Jim do you have a map no I have no
idea where I'm at I want to find that
road but right yeah you need to find the
exit because the cops are here
Robin please wait wait there's a thing
there there's a follow the people the
people probably over there going those
people south you this Shelley's past
that oh wait I'm going the wrong way
them then there might be a map in that
billboard over there
Oh is there a billboard yo the bloody
are left there oh yeah don't go to
Shelley's past tell ya that reference
part 3
apparently the Shelley is the the
character that Jason actually gets the
hockey mask from in part 3 okay and a
pet that guy that actor he's like a
lawyer or something now like an
entertainment lawyer but he has an
account set up and he plays this game so
you could end up actually playing with
the guy that gave Jason hockey masks and
part three just got a fun need to go oh
yeah I got a map now how do I access it
figure this out so I don't have to keep
hitting for you a little but the little
button next to the big little
okay they go wrong it's north okay it's
up where that red yeah yeah I totally
steered you wrong - I am oh yeah but now
all the other blips are heading that way
although all the white arrows are
heading in that direction now so you did
want to go to Shelly's pass I did do J
you're your Friday the 13th instincts
they kicked in it kicked in all right
let's see here can be for crows says hey
J I was all ready to argue with you
about the void oh yeah I didn't much
care for the void okay but I thought
split sucked so it's almost like we can
have different opinions also jack is
dumb and wrong about moonlight by the
way have you seen moonlight yet no okay
I need to watch that I know you don't
care much for it it's and it's I don't
think it's bad I just think it's kind of
man yeah you know like I don't have
damning criticism of it that's kind of
why I haven't gotten her on the scenic
because it seems like it no he's in
front of you still Oh Jason maybe oh
there is that's my stamina
does he see you he might see you
definitely but but you know what you
might be able to smack them and then run
yeah okay.
All right. You can do this, Jay, you can do this.
I believe in you run run
just run just run nice fuck oh shit what
happened he's behind me my body no no
you got he did me or something no you
got scared by the body in there
oh yeah that's bullshit oh so close
oh and then I went into the tree oh we
might have been an error Oh nerd girl
yes you could take it there now if you
there girl is adorable I agree she looks
like the girl with the inhaler from
Nightmare on Elm Street for oh is that
because they're dead they sound echo II
I'm not sure I think I just got a shitty
mic oh that could be what else we got
Tommy
oh he just leave and started to match we
want the music you every time because
Jason's nearby I gotta fix this control
I can't fix it yet
oh good old captain Cole alright let's
see if these guys can make it I think
this might be like death death echo it's
very strange
it's very very who's talking mute
everybody well because we start an
actual match we're gonna want to hear
people you're gonna want to hear people
area I'll uh need a minute
oh no not Tommy come on shoot him or run
no I think it's too late once he's doing
the kill animation oh sure yeah then you
just gotta run then you just haven't
seen split yet but I know splits on
video on demand now so I'm really
excited to see that
I like sprint a lot captain crook is the
one we need yeah that's mute fuck fuck
that's much better well when we go into
our next match we'll see who were with
them and I will unmute up there Jason
the cops shooting Jason if he gets too
close to the exit when the cops are
around oh nice nice that's great this is
a wonderful game I've only played it a
little bit but I enjoy it I got I met
him you know I'm not even a multiplayer
guy I like this I'm having fun with this
it's getting old honest shit this game I
don't get it I mean I'm not a big video
game guy so it's hard for me to say
completely but that's the story of my
video game life the public like
something I hated just as a Friday the
13th fan like this captures the spirit
of it really well
oh well and like just in general horror
like you get freaked out when you see
that part when I saw it at the end of
the the the building there when he just
wouldn't walk past as I goo that was a
perfect little horror moment that was
great agreed how much is this game
though arguably too much I think it's 40
yeah was that maybe why people are angry
just the price compared to some of the
glitches not sure hmm and well that's
the like it it did have a lot of it they
patch the hole you should have said that
we we were looking they just had an
update today and the patch sheet was
like a foot long Oh God I don't think
this is made by a huge studio though
this game is fucking kick-started right
right I don't know what their budget was
like wow I don't know neither my
settings here input 60 if you buy the
disk physical why would you do that yeah
that's true counselor download it I
don't like having hard copies of games
yeah that I own but this is a
multiplayer game right yeah you need the
internet anyway and the single-player
portion virtue of it being added later
still won't be on the disk right okay
here we go
we are ready whoo-hoo someone's got the
Jason the the hell Jason skin ooh the
Tom Savini designed Jason
oh I hope he's Jason just cuz I want to
see that yeah here we go
Chad it's been a while since I've played
dead by Dale I'm just a one stream once
yeah this feels different to me do you
think that's just because of Jason or no
I just the way place yeah yeah so it's
been a long time since I played dead by
deal I only play that that ones yeah
yeah what are we waiting for waiting for
oh we're waiting for players it says it
right there never mind never mind great
great what was your hey what was your
problem to Voight again I remember I
remember you talking about that before
uh just really uninteresting story and
characters okay some wonderful visuals
there's lots of practical like creature
effects and stuff which is great and
that was the big selling point of void
right yeah that was that was their whole
thing because we gonna make like the
thing type movie sure lots of practical
monster south yeah we know what stuff
looks fine but just no characters to
give a shit about gotcha
what's the last one you read maybe this
avoid one maybe the void one it's true
sexless panhandler says they shouldn't
make a game like this for the thing the
bad guy takes the form of other players
as he kills them uh-oh let me good Oh
and then you have to like figure out
like if it's your friend or if it's the
thing I like it probably there should be
like multiple things though the thing
isn't just one creature well maybe if
you take over someone else like they
they turn into no I know game developer
if it takes him doing there was a thing
video game for like PlayStation or
something wasn't there oh yeah like ps2
okay it's to era there was a thing video
game they just fought like generic
monsters though I didn't play it that
seems like it might be a hard one to it
mitten probably got now but back then
to make a video game out of naira messes
hey J don't know if it was already
recommended you but if not check out the
soundtrack from the game fury features
music by carpenter brut toxic avenger
wave shaper and others holy moly
ok wave I have a family that soundtrack
is probably showed up on a Spotify
playlist I've listened to at least once
yeah fury fury if you are I okay rich
Evans says hey guys this is my first tip
of many more to come
wanted to know DJ's thoughts on old boy
original and other Korean films in
general like I saw the devil and the
chaser fury original subject um I love
old boy I'm downloading this fury
soundtrack right now I like old boy a
lot I like the other kind of revenge
movies made by that guy like sympathy
sympathy for mr. vengeance and Lady
vengeance
those are good what was the other one
you mentioned for which for the there
was another movie that you mentioned
well I haven't seen I saw the devil
that's what I've been meaning to I saw
the devil and the chaser I'm not seeing
the chaser okay but I like the the the
revenge
movies old boys my favorite sorry you
said you mentioned the fury soundtrack
and I said you're talking alone what
other bands did he mention
yeah I went through a little period
where I was watching a lot of those
Korean like revenge violent revenge
movies but that was like a decade ago so
I need to get back to that there are
some good ones Jeff Fox is so rich Jack
and Jay oh I'm a dirty cheater I'm a
dirty dirty cheats Eve this one town a
dirty cheater filthy disgusting dirty
cheater I'm a cheater I'm a cheater
dirty dirty dirty cheater unclean
unclean Wow Oh first of all you need to
learn how to forgive yourself know
they're a dirty cheater they go fuck
themselves that's fine ruin it for
everyone else that's true well cheaters
oh wait what from gasps what
they ruin oh no they cheated at
something
oh well don't do that ah well there you
go you heard it here first that's my
advice
just don't do that just stop Oh William
Meister says radioing in Tommy Jarvis
huh a player who has died or escaped
comes back and they play as Tommy Jarvis
okay yeah nice alright great we got
Tommy you get points for doing that
fucking better alright how's that the
gas can so you want to find a map oh you
got the car right in front yeah I got
the car right there put gas in the car
oh fuck
does that car does it have a key already
no I don't know why it's grayed out it's
always like that oh shit what's the
problem it's it's a like a mini game
here and you have to press the right
button Oh wrong button and it's taking
you longer
I don't want yep Jason's gonna show up
and kill you I fucking know it
no my sister says hello fire safety
George McFly and Susan any chance we'll
see Forbidden Zone on review or best of
the worst it's one of my favorite cult
films and it's ripe for exposure uh yes
probably I was talking to Josh about
doing that at one point you know we'll
probably do that
uh it was originally released in
black-and-white it was made by the the
band Wingo Boingo Herve Villechaize
isn't it tattoo from Fantasy Island yeah
yeah it's it's very surreal visually
like all the sets are built out of just
like giant sheets of paper with
backgrounds drawn on them Danny Elfman
plays Satan at one point we watched it
the old old studio Jack you were there
and you hated it oh you remember that oh
I fucking remember that you you assholes
loved that game yeah you and Mike didn't
like it and mean Josh you've already
seen it but yes
or maybe you don't even remember what
your problem was with it was it's been
so long
no it was just artsy fartsy bullshitter
II know exact opposite this angle Boingo
doing an Engel Boingo thing yeah I was
speaking of forbidden zone for the
person that asked that they'll get this
for whatever reason I had one of the
chicken boy scenes in my head the other
day the scene with Joe spinel when
chicken boys mom is with Joe spinel the
Sailor and she's like do you want to see
him do you want to see chicken boy I
don't know why that scene was in my head
did get bored I think he's waiting for
me to go out the front door I think he's
still like fuckin around with me and if
I sneak I don't think he can hear me
nothing very slowly of course this is
the risk/reward rich fuck I mean you
found me you found me you found me you
found me you found me let's go you got a
house you got another house oh good team
team team power there's someone else in
the house you can do that don't mind me
you have the windows closed and you're
running you just jump through it that's
great yeah yeah and now she has like a
fucked up face you got a you got a hell
spray that's right does that make your
scars go away it does yeah that's not
very believable
well fuck off
nope nope no but I wanted to set the
bear trap you too close to the door I
thought sure
oh right trigger is like the weapon
button that puts it down and then whole
day to set it
that's not very close to the door he's
just gonna walk right past that no I'll
bait him I'll bait him over here alright
no where's my did leave us alone
keep it waiting for you Justin I know
see and this is what makes it a good
game like that he's out there somewhere
and oh yes here is here is you don't
make it too obvious without doing run
over like that way shit shit
see I'm pretending to be very convincing
I'm pretending to be panicked oh my god
the jumping through the window is great
I can't believe that but Jason's not
very bright anonymous says evening guys
that was one that was my match dress
thank you credit thank you alright sorry
no that's fine madam says evening are
any of you familiar with the low budget
high contrast glory of the Tetsuo the
Iron Man series or works by SHINee uh oh
she's tsukamoto I'm gonna assume that
riches as well as a whole curious your
thoughts thanks in general look I did
the Tetsuo the Iron Man has been on my
list of movies deceive for like ten
years and I just haven't watched it yet
I'm curious what the heck is it it's
like a weird body horror thing I don't
know a whole lot about it say that's
that name sounds incredibly familiar
it's it's a pretty famous like cult
movie okay um I've for whatever reason
I've never gotten around to watching it
and then there's a sequel tattoo of the
bullet man but I've not seen either
there might be more I don't know those
are the two aren't aware of is anybody
making any progress with the car how can
you tell right there
you're the only one who's done jack shit
well I'm honestly only one who's done
jack fill the gas tank and I called
Tommy John where's Tommy Jarvis also
where's Tommy Jarvis
the baseball bat I think has the
greatest chance for a knockdown sure I'd
like a machete does more damage but
that's not gonna do you much good it's
good to be in battle stance right yes
yeah okay all right I'm remembering shit
god there's nothing well I got a
baseball bat I guess that's something
all right
well we'll keep moving then just keep
exploring kill that time right
does this have a time no hold me when we
get close I presume maybe the halfway
mark that's fine you know what that's
fine I feel like I'm feeling pretty good
so far I've survived I bet that Jason is
feeling pretty stupid because he fell
into my trap
you basically won the game I mean you
know I made Jason feel stupid so I got
that going for me now this place is
eluded if I don't think I've been in
here before other people I know I know
well that I'm trying to figure out
whether it's looting or other people
where are they they're over there okay I
meant goodbye that boat
maybe that boat has something for me
nice if you can find some gas first
boat needs gas and a propeller right
we'll see what we can find you know I
wonder how the game developers decided
how to design Camp Crystal Lake
considering that every movie is shot
it's like a different camp and so
there's no continuity as far as the look
of everything and where the cabins are
located and everything there's actually
different maps in this game it's
ammonium it's not the same one visiting
a few different ones oh okay what were
they carrying this could be good
actually an axe you know are there are
some of the maps like not even at the
camp but some of the movies aren't at
the camp they're all the camp I think
that's their answer to how do you
address the fact that it's been
indifferent in every film yeah okay
oh sure well and they're probably less
worried about being like as far as the
map they're probably less worried about
being authentic to the movie and more
just making it an interesting area for
sure yes yeah I don't think he could be
authentic to the movie they don't have
much of a sense of geography
there's some cabins and there's some
wood woods like I don't know where
anything is right
I'm not definitely with the propeller
you're heading towards the boat wait
wait wait do you have the walkie-talkie
no you don't know no cuz then you oh
yeah okay he's not allowed he dropped
the propeller
I know I know I just is so like but in
front of this house I'm going to set the
trap so then if I run into shit I know I
can go back to this house I wish I could
put a marker on this house okay pick up
the propeller don't step in my trap
that's number one I just got killed or
they're partying right oh oh boat this
way sonic mousetrap says finally watch
the Twin Peaks pilot and I'd like to
thank Jay for finally getting me
interested Wow am I supposed to think
Cooper is an escaped mental patient or
is that just the Lynch thing that's just
Cooper he's just a very chipper man he's
chipper T loves Twin Peaks he's always
been authentically chipper yes there's
no there's no there's no irony with
Cooper oh if only he hadn't wasted that
gas on the car oh that Jack you just
said I can find more gas
but here's here's what's but what might
happen if you can find a walkie-talkie
yeah we can use the radio talk to other
players see if anybody has the gas hmm
let me just look around here maybe
there's gas might there might be I'm
just getting in I have to head towards
another house just to lose I'm just
saying if you if you find a
walkie-talkie keep that in mind yeah
okay well and they can they can go to
this map and see that I installed the
propeller if they have a map
oh yeah no they'll see the checklist
though yeah I'll get the checklist yes
okay and still I'm the only one I'm pull
your weight people boring girl is doing
all the work over here boring girl is
final girl
apparently I think she's gonna be okay a
barn the worst-case scenario is somebody
had the gas and they got killed in the
middle of the woods and they cannot
communicate with ya in the middle of the
woods right I'm hoping there might be
some gas in this here old barn if I can
get in there can I get can I not get in
there there's gotta be a way to get in
there no shit well fuck me then Mike
what the thing here if you can't get in
it right there's a way in the bar I've
been in the barn well this is a
different thing then you're on the back
of barn go the further bar front of the
barn is a waterfront are you kidding
yeah huh I'm not kidding oh that's not
on the map this is some kind of that's
not gonna look actual boundary that's
right invisible oh right
oh it's bullshit what you still bullshit
you can't make a building at an
invisible boundary yeah I'll agree I'll
agree game-breaking zero out of ten
refund money
Wow a there fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
fuck fuck fuck fuck oh he's just
standing back there that was creepy that
was creepy he's waiting he's waiting for
me to to run out of the stop and I just
remember he's slow you can outrun his
ass but he can teleport you see the
screen jitter what he does that though
okay so you know to run when you see the
jitter Oh
like now yes but you have no stamina
which is why he just stood there
yeah just why you want to get like a
little bit ahead wait till they catch up
and then go flipping out nope nope nope
ah damn it just look at her face she's
missing her head oh well yeah damn it
anything I do that's true that's true
and I feel good about that is anyone
else left alive you'll find out a sign
no oh I was also the last one alive so
yeah he just just had me yeah okay I'll
take Jack no that was finding solace
that was fine considering everyone
else's fucking useless yes God thank you
invisible string says Jay do you know
anything about the 2017 film the evil
within the movie is fun garbage oh yes I
watched it recently but the production
history is amazing it was directed by a
wealthy recluse who used his own mansion
as a set yes
yeah I was made by this guy he's like a
part of a a wealthy family they're like
oil tycoons or something yeah and he
spent years and years and years making
this movie like slowly filming it and
American or yeah American and then I
want to say he died before it was
completely finished or right after it
was finished there's a hole you can find
articles about it the evil within and
the main character is mentally
challenged and the performance is so
like laughably wrong
it'sit'sit's it has some amazing visuals
coupled with like the room type terrible
dialogue and acting it is it is
interesting yeah it's it's worth check
it out he said that would figure but yes
yes interesting especially especially if
you know some of the backstory of it
find some articles read up on it and
there's some legitimately like beautiful
like horror imagery and just surreal
imagery because he spent years like
that's the stuff he was working on was
all these visual effects but yeah just
some of the dialogue you're like what
the hell are you thinking yeah it's it's
it's crazy
that sounds great it's a cult classic
potential it just came out so I'll say
but yeah yeah the director died two
years before the film awards yes that's
sad oh wait I want to say halfway could
cope yeah well this was the last guy to
but this could be me know your hipster
man wah wah hipster my rom says I am
right by a car
that's what 9mm says remember that that
car is like a fucking honey to Jason I
know if there's a possibility you gotta
take I know I know
oh yes hello yes wait is there a boat
hit the star is there a boat I'm sure
that well they might be about let's hold
on let's get the lay of the land
no no boat but you'd need it for a car
too right yeah yeah
okay so we got boats easier to find the
pieces two propeller and the gas the car
use the battery and the gas sure and
then you need to start the gap boat is
easier okay oh shit he's around here I
heard someone scream oh there he is
right there right there oh man I love
that you can just watch him do his thing
he doesn't see it it's like a horror
movie how do I drop ship what do you
would drop the gas yeah hold on
I'll do it for you just stop okay
yeah all right I'm just gonna remember
that it's there yeah you don't want to
try putting that in with him right there
no you don't but I know where it is so I
can always go back for it so if I find
another piece all right we need like a
radio to try and work with people
already I press the button yeah I left
the gas can by the next building the
building to the right of this building
great teamwork oh here wait check that
draw those he was he was in here first I
let him have it wasn't that drawer he
must have a bear trap you and your bear
traps did it work
yes it did welcome if you got it if you
got a mad strategy you got to keep it
the man Stratton I hear ya and we know
he's around here unless he teleported
away oh don't
he took my cast can I guess I did you
told him where I was well I was I guess
I should have been more specific
oh you got the battery she's got over
here but you can't communicate what is
she going where's she going to that
battery follow her she goes she's going
to the other car she's going to the
other car well he still had the gas that
dickhead took the gas I'm sorry well
there's more cabins there's no cabins we
got this
we got this night Rahm says lock it up
what is your guys most dreaded house
chore slash work trash DISA dishes etc
and what's the most convoluted way you
avoided it in the past if at all
I fucking hate mowing the lawn I hate it
really I have a tiny tiny ass lawn and
it maybe takes me 10 minutes like to get
out the lawnmower and everything and I
hate it every single time on yeah
sighing yeah I said fuck all of that
fresh just made you get a refreshing
walk well you know what trash you're
you're removing stinky things from your
house what when the lawn is dumb I
really have a dreaded one me I mean I
guess my least favorite is probably
doing the dishes but yeah you just don't
let him get backed up and it's fine it's
harder for you because you've got you
know no house full of people
oh yeah when I do the dishes it's an
event yeah I don't like dishes yeah
that's my least favorite I think laundry
cut sucks
I don't mind laundry yeah I think you
throw it in you forget about it for an
hour or whatever yeah laundry you can
handle its when it's done I guess it's
kind of the pain like folding dinner hey
I get it yeah that's you can't you can't
divorce that from the laundry that's
true I'm still okay with it folding and
putting away still okay with it all all
the laundry shenanigans okay what is the
update to this car situation it has gas
no key no all that bit II took the
battery no you're gonna be slowed down
was that the one that you set up oh okay
that would have been great but it was
right back there
oh good good comedy hairs you know what
Shearer watch they put it there that
mangled body she watched me put it there
she deserved that Oh nope
I see that but that's like there's a
part an alien covenant we didn't mention
this in the review but in the trailer
you see the back burster it's like the
cheque chest burster but it comes out
the back okay and so that happens and
like this medical room and then there's
blood everywhere and there's a little
creature running around one character
comes in the room and immediately slips
on the blood and falls over and then
like five seconds later another
character comes in and also slips on the
blood and falls over she's hitting you
you just can't win the lamest way yeah
you got to do the grab kills right I'm
so pissed at these people for taking my
mad strats and I guess it's my fault I
should have known to go in the window
always always go in windows always be
going in windows a B G W maybe GIW
always be going in windows right that's
what my mom always told me growing up
evil Lord David says hey guys David here
nice to see you Jay you're still very
handsome what horror movie monster or
slasher would you guys consider to be
the scariest to you personally the thing
things pretty scary the entire concept
of the thing is scary
the it follows creature or entity or
whatever you want to call it that's
pretty creepy to me
I mean can I just say fucking anything
anything that is trying to actively
murder me
adjacent is the easiest to deal with
Jason yeah yeah I slow I mean he does
teleport I guess but he's unrelenting at
least for the first few movies he was
just a guy right yeah but in a in a
situation like this where you don't have
a cell phone you're in the woods I
wouldn't want that either just going in
one direction I'm gonna get tired
eventually Jason does not on relenting
Oh zombies slow zombies that's annoying
fucking anything anything that is
murdering me is super scary my friend no
she's she's trapped on Jason I don't and
the random tripping I love the random
tripping is great it's perfect oh we got
a car battery boot him oh you got your
dead yeah I sacrificed myself so he
would spend time killing me and my
friends could live on you're welcome
friends that was the one that step in
your bear trap she saw me put it down
that is her fault I am NOT gonna feel
guilty when she eventually dies how
about you stepping on my cord bud thank
you thank you Betty got plate says plate
there's a prequel to order of the Black
Eagle made one year earlier called
unmasking the idol with Duncan Jack's
and the baboon yep we know about we have
a copy of that oh we do we do next time
we do a sequel episode maybe oh wait oh
they have the keys to we so have to
another Neil Breen film yes
so need that yes who's thought is Mike
the only holdout huh
what is Mike the only holdout I'm just
doing another Breen film no he's not
anymore oh oh okay oh great no I don't
know if he was I guess maybe I mean I
was a holdout you were yeah yeah I bet
it was both you and Mike wired away I
might have been a bigger holdout oh oh
well then great we got it oh this is
only a two-seater yep Oh God yep that's
why she ran to the other car that's
amazing
that's great bye bye this is a great
group Oh God there is no what they doing
they don't want in the wrong way they
don't want to pick attractive because he
can always they want to make sure like
they got until he vanishes this guy's
just shitty at driving also well I'm
sure the cars are probably hard to drive
to this idiot take a direction they're
on the wrong side of the road a cop's
gonna pull him over
do you know why I pulled you over today
I'm Jason kills the cop extra kiss
I don't think Jason's going for him yeah
Oh where is Jason
you lazy Jason look oh they got away
what do you mean what happened in that
area
that's a little nein nope I know
that's only because you're switching oh
my god no I'm but I'm saying it with
every camera switch we get a new you
know only one Jason's nearby yes right
and that's annoying why are you
switching around like a spaz because I
wanted I want to edit this is me live
live switching alright we're gonna cut
the camera too and now a great camera
choose a great AOL can't recruits a
great angle here comes Jason cut to
camera one go this is this is eSports
spectating up she's dead oh yeah over
here comes look at him look at him oh
that's great I'm gonna get you and I
believe Kane Hodder did the motion
capture for this yeah you played Jason
and like four of the movies oh she
couldn't get in the window oh why do you
even bother with that teleport Jason why
would you waste your hold on oh shit
another private knife
oh wait oh look at that man strat it's
gonna save her life because I put a bear
trap there you're welcome guys it's fun
look at this ready and they see it oh
yes they see it - ready you missed that
when you were in there apparently and
blind tangle nope
what's that he he psyched them out he
you can teleport inside the house yes no
he probably did the Evil Dead zoom into
the house which means he wouldn't
trigger the trap but now yes now
oh he walked around it that dickhead
yeah oh you're mad strats my mad
strategies well you know it didn't work
for me because I'm dead but active one
exercies Susan I love you do me like I'm
in a cannon film no oh ooh sorry Tommy
no guts yeah and a little just this
idiot look like a bloody leg look at
that face that's hilarious
the black guy has the best scared face
yeah I agreed because he knows he's
gonna be the first to die all these
movies okay where did that start that
the idea that that's the the standard in
these movies cuz I don't think it's
really true I've seen a lot of 80
slasher movies it's very very rare for
the black guy to die first but that's
like the trope that people use for
comedy purposes oh and I'm not sure why
it started that's a good question
was that was that a remnant of scary
movie
well scary movie came well after all the
80 slash or Ovie's right but I'm trying
to remember the first time I ever heard
someone say the black guy dies first no
I remember hearing that years years
before scary movies I don't know I yeah
I don't know where that kind of
originated the shock is saying scream
started the trope in Reverse so it
sounds like they said it was a thing and
then it became a thing I think I heard
about it long before scream I read the
things I don't even don't even mention
that scream that troupe I don't think
they do don't recall I don't think they
do please my tip look I got 97,000 tips
people still not get that a we go
through this every single straight if
you're new we we try to have a little as
we're having a little discussion here
about the black guy dying first we try
to have a natural conversation and we
get to your tips and want one sentence
answers from here on out
apparently cold and detached with no
emotion yeah yes or no questions only we
will answer with either a yes or no or I
don't know
different camps I'm gonna give this one
more go and then I will I will give up
the controller all right i I've been
doing this game I'll tell you what it's
yeah that's fun ki ki ki ma ma ma mo ki
b85 says hi Wreckers okay is this Friday
the 13th game Rich's gateway drug for
MMO games this isn't an MMO it's not a
massively yeah multiplayer it's just a
multiplayer game and this will be a
brief distraction and I'll be done with
it this minute
you know what like we got this now we
got rocket League I think we are slowly
inching rich closer I'm never gonna be
like that's what I look for that's not
gonna be made is DC Universe Online
actually going to happen nope
anonymous says oh yeah girl okay you
could just select her as your girl if
you want when I buy this game I will
level a team jack okay so ways to go so
what he's saying is I got a grind I'm
saying you got a grind
okay madam so does last weekend I
managed to get a date with this cute
girl at work I went to her house and
brought my copy of space cop which we
watched now she refuses to talk to me
seems totally risen this is your fault
yeah what did I do wrong what you
brought a copy of space Cobb it's you
know what it's your horrible personality
your looks all right you know like like
six but it's your personality
whoa yeah do you think it would have
gone even worse if he hadn't brought
space cop if you think that kind of
bunny space cop put it and put it over
the edge because what happened was she
saw your horrible taste in movies well
space cop that's not a first date kind
of movie that's that's a that's a we're
in or we're in a long-term relationship
and I know you're not going to leave me
type of movie that's a like we're
together I gotta tell you about this
eventually yeah here we go yeah I own a
copy of Space Ghost red letter media
I that that's a that's a at least four
month six-month relationship level what
is that it was like a twig
all right well I got you know what I got
twig and that's more than I had better
than nothin yep I'm head down here I
don't think I've been to the boathouse
God fought a 42 god it's posting a link
to a Kickstarter for a board game
version of hand of fate I I saw that
they are they are making a board game
version of hand of fate and you know
what I can't ieave talked about this
before my my board game addiction has go
pipe has gone too far
I still haven't played all the other
board games I've kick-started and there
who bat and there's more board games
coming out this place is full of stuff
get there get there five guy steals
whatever's in there's that fireplace
bring can I get the poker you want the
over so the Batman bat seems better I'll
take the bat I just hope hello Lenny
thing I know there's some got a teamwork
going on let's just stick by these
people in Chuck Fox's hello again just a
quick synth wave recommendation for Jay
and Jack no there you go stretched by
scuttle is one of the best synth way of
albums I've heard came out a month or
two ago add it to the list
see that's the album name Cynthia Epps
Oh
sketch by oh oh scat hole
how do you smell scandal SCA tte and I
guess the the album is called sketch
spelled sketch got it
I will check it out what you got the
drug what you got that he's coming in as
he's a slow ass motherfucking Jason Oh
God hit him
yes bugs oh god damn oh look at that
here oh wait oh no oh that's right you
went through the wall fuck it fuck it
fuck it fuck it
she looks pretty badass now covered in
blood like that bullshit yeah girl some
blue guy and chances Jay I asked these
two frauds and they couldn't come up
with an answer so I'll ask you are there
any movies that would be better if they
weren't attached to an existing
franchise maybe prometheus uh definitely
Prometheus and alien covenant they both
would have been better if you cut out
the alien stuff the core idea an alien
covenant is pretty good but it's ruined
by the fact that it then it has to be an
alien movie that boat only holds two
you're not getting on that boat
you don't think
all right another good one would be
Jason goes to hell
she's that's the worst Friday the 13th
movie but you take out Jason from it and
you have the hidden which is a pretty
fun movie so with Kyle MacLachlan the
hidden oh yeah Kyle MacLachlan from Twin
Peaks Kyle the new best show on TV from
Kyle MacLachlan tm-2 Megatron says hi
guys hey just curious if you receive the
blu-ray I sent a while back unlike your
previous copy of this it should be safe
to play without causing any damage other
than psychological of course I'm going
to assume of course he didn't say what
it was right we get less you know we
only got the one blu-ray ever
well no I'm going to assume he's talking
about the love butcher because that's
the one that killed our VCR and we now
have a blu-ray copy of the love butcher
so if that's what you're talking about
thank you for 72 I'll watch it
eventually I know I see that Jack Scott
gasps you're even close to getting the
car started you know it's all the
battery Java walkie talkie no yes search
more drawers man I'll find like eight
extra walkie-talkies every time I lose
you know what I was trying to do stay
fucking alive okay where's the way I
have to find the goddamn color map right
no you don't search enough fucking I
searched all the drawers
god damn it which Here I am searching
all the drawers
some people gotta see oh look all this
is fucking has it all been looted oh
hello call Tommy can't believe no one's
done this yet
look all right you're gonna drive that
gas and find a weapon I think it's the
proper solution here there you go whoo
shit and cephalo pathetic says J I
haven't seen the new Twin Peaks yet a
friend described should I say anything
I'm gonna this is possible spoilers hmm
I'm just not gonna say cuz we don't want
to spoil yeah I'm sorry wait why am i I
have a question that I can just read and
tell me yes or no answer is it more
complicated than that
in cephalo pathetic your friend is not
accurate at all yep and that's my answer
we can't do we can't talk about it cuz
we'll get into spoilers but I would say
no not at all
is there anything about the new pics you
think you can talk about like it's fair
for the spoilers I'm like the earlier
episodes do you think orbs not at all um
it's a continuation of the earlier
episodes so I mean I don't know I would
say no I would say cuz I'm sure I've
seen some people say like oh can I just
go into this new twin peaks' or should I
have watch should I watch the original
series first and I say definitely watch
the original series first you otherwise
you will be completely lost and the new
series is abstract and confusing anyway
but without the knowledge of like the
mythology of the original show and the
Black Lodge and the Red Room and all
that you will have no clue what's
happening
Oh Oh breaker noise alright alright rich
you want giver go give it back to Jay
what you want to do Jay what do you want
uh you go I'll go after you maybe how
you feeling oh yeah how's everybody
feeling feeling good I'll be right back
oh shit I'm Jason I'll hand it to you
ah no you know what I need a break
really I'm not even for Jason even for
Jason because I think I just might get
this game and play it myself and I want
to learn the ropes myself it's good I
think it's good I'm having a good time
playing I will be real real with you I'm
having kind of a good time playing oh I
got a fight back badge
tell me about Jason why does he wear the
mask because it looks creepy
cuz he's deformed and he likes it it's
his new face because that was the prop
they had available that day wonder what
the inspiration wasn't because he
originally had the bag right which I
liked better what what made somebody say
you know let's go with the with a hockey
mask that was probably a marketing
decision right like a bag over your head
is not necessarily iconic okay you know
Freddy's got his claw anybody can do
that claw and you're good to go so we
need we need a guy with another with
another iconic piece of imagery okay
easier to see out of I think that was
probably a large part of it easier to
replicate for Halloween that's that's
part of that I'll include that in my
marketing decision is like you want all
the kids to be Jason you know it's real
easy for the kids to be Freddy and I'm
doing this right now you guys can't see
but if I need somebody to talk for me to
hold on the team yep you good I'm with
you okay I'm with you okay here's the
deal
I find out of a tent at blind now I know
I'm just I got my finger on it
yeah
I have to do something I have to escape
oh yes re inverted oh why the fuck is
everyone here lonely rich today well J
and we'll be back and I'm right here I'm
right next to them but as as is always
the case with OBS and us trying to get
two cameras working it just doesn't it
just doesn't talking to you I heard
chard yeah Jay we had a question about
why they went from bag to mask with
Jason the thoughts theories so not in a
story sense but like in a creative like
why did they decide to do that yeah from
a production standpoint um I don't know
my theory is because the bag mask is a
ripoff of a killer in another movie oh
it's from the town that dreaded sundown
okay so my I I would think that maybe
it's like someone called them out and
ripping it off and they were worried
about legal issues maybe you're sure so
in the next one they decided to do the
hockey mask all right but yeah I have no
proof to back that up it's just a
thought I went marketing where they
needed a they needed some sort of
gimmick a la Freddy's claw hand where
was Freddy at that point
let me look up the dates okay the dates
of Friday 13th part three where he gets
the mask versus memorandum Street our
three is 82 so that's pre nine random
Street sorry sorry say that again
he got the mask in part three right and
that came out in 82 which is before
Nightmare on Elm Street I'm sure he
wasn't till 84 okay
so interesting but but it could just be
yeah I don't know if they have the idea
that this would be like the signature
image yeah I don't think that was the
intention do you think that was just a
hindsight lucky yeah like they they had
you know you got the hockey mask part
three and then like they were oh people
like the hockey mask we'll keep doing
that yeah oh yeah but as far as like why
they would get rid of the bag I don't
know that's the only thing I could think
of is that maybe they were concerned
that people think they're ripping off
the town the dreaded sundown
sure well yeah and you do want to set
your movie apart and you know yeah if
it's too high or films you want to do on
something different even if they weren't
fearing litigation just like we need
something different
yeah those masks the bag is just kind of
boring yeah the guy is kind of boring
I like bag Jason I like bag a head for
any villain like like that uh like
Batman Begins the Scarecrow that was
kind of like a bag and I said I think
that's great
it's not necessarily I know
so in this game if you get a
walkie-talkie
you can talk to everyone no matter how
close their which is why we're hearing
everyone sure okay

[Part II]
turning the favor from the other game so
in this game if you get a walkie-talkie
you can talk to everyone no matter how
close later which is why we're hearing
everyone sure okay oh that doesn't
necessarily mean he's telling me it's in
the area doesn't necessarily mean oh
wait there buzz at him you that is him
he's going after two other people oh
nice makes me want to watch Friday the
13th movies all day that's not a bad
thing what there's something a shelf
back there that you missed a machete oh
you didn't see the apparently oh my god
gasps twins this triplets cuz you looked
it like two of those that's weird
they came from this way they were
probably it's probably looted right I
would assume if the door's locked its
looted I'll tell you that right windows
open it's been looted it will climb out
the back shit shit rich attack these
people know what they're doing these
people are on it
that's got the range two by four you
know you can build an eye shed with that
do we have two car keys so it is there
any more to this game like on other
levels is there like goals yeah or is
this it what do you mean like like like
what guess like a story like you have to
accomplish more or is it just surviving
Jason you can you can kill him if you
want to team up but yeah just surviving
okay yeah
well they they did have the according to
rich they have this first person or non
online first person or one single-player
campaign that's just that won't be ready
for like three more months now okay so
just like you can just play Jason you
have to kill all but counselors which
will be AI controlled or you have to
survive Jason or something like that
okay yeah this is basically it I guess
like the actual Friday the 13th movies
it doesn't need to be any more than that
well like I can see it getting old sure
and you know more importantly and this
is something that we talk about with any
online only game especially a
multiplayer game it will only be as good
as the people you play with oh sure yes
and so if it loses its community and you
can't find people at your skill it's
gonna go down real fast right well in
general or right if it's just not
popular anymore shit
battery now this is where we started
there's no battery let's see here
anonymous says you know the thing game
concept you mentioned earlier Space
Station 13 has a moment like that
interesting
oh my even if it plays clunky and looks
like shit Space Station 13 has a thing
it type of game mechanic the keys are on
her body
keys are in this house over here don't
forget because she died with them but I
still have something she dropped gas to
so so what did you just fix lights okay
why'd you want that so fear doesn't go
up as quick okay how much the key is her
body whoo I like that searched yeah
these people are by the way here
Anonymous is rich do you ever use the
second wave option in XCOM enemy within
like random training bigger spread
damage etc also do you watch the
leftovers probably like it yeah
rich is not able to I have not seen the
leftovers I've heard good things but I
have no I shouldn't ah okay I dabble
with some of the second wave options
here and there okay great great
craw goat Ron says thanks for all the
years of quality bullshit particularly
the one with
the Buried plink it was that a hard
production greetings from fucking Norway
which one was buried blanket they time
with the Kill Bill thing we did like an
ad for like we hadn't done a blanket
review in a long time so we did a thing
where it's like he was buried alive Oh
any of them
punch his way out of the coffin like in
Kill Bill yelling - no I mean it was
kind of a pain we had the bills like
coffin and we had dirt on top because we
had to have the dirt come in when she
punched through it I was the cameraman
and I was an awkward angle but I always
am when I'm doing the plank at POV stuff
blanket POV is always kind of a pain in
the ass because my arm gets super tired
we need a secondary cam just to show all
this shit Jay has to do it can be tricky
it is like a like a you know you have to
work as a team like you know Mike's
movements and me trying to match like as
he's talking yeah and I how a head would
move Oh tiny tiny bit of skill to it I
am so fucking useless this round oh yeah
completely fucking useless couldn't find
shit that was useful well I don't think
you're useless I just think everyone
else is yeah better sure sure
but like this is also what I'm talking
about with skill level where it's like
right now you feel useless and that's
not how you want to feel playing this
game or any any multiplayer game and so
it's like because everyone is moving
much faster and smoother than you know
it's more this is just a bad dice roll I
didn't spawn in near any useful items
potato potato maybe oh whoa I always
forget that you can you have to look
behind Oh are you talking to us then you
can still talk when you're dead no you
shouldn't be able to it could be about
to die maybe Jason's right ah are you
gonna die yeah
Plan B is not getting hot with a car
sherry well please you got three minutes
three minutes
oh just take a nap I was checking chat
and then I decided I didn't want to
check chat anymore cuz someone was
spoutin spoutin let's see here someone
bring in the sass smokey b85 says two
things one DLC for this game should be
campfire wood from what hot American
summer I would pay money to play scoop
absolutely no shirt or elizabeth berkley
earned shanks banks shoe berkeley one of
them Elizabeth's the one Elizabeth yes
absolutely
also to fire walk with me helps explain
why Cooper stays in Twin Peaks because
he seems so depressed beforehand oh I
see what you're saying maybe
I'm excited to see new Twin Peaks it's
so fucking good
I'm just so good I don't know if I
believe you cuz you're a big David Lin
first I'm a big David Lynch fan but I am
NOT a fanboy okay that's the thing is I
can look at things objectively alright
if someone a filmmaker that I really
like makes something bad I can
acknowledge that all right but I will
also say if what you want out of New
Twin Peaks is the feeling of old Twin
Peaks you will not get that and I don't
know why you would go in expecting that
well I guess if you're just like a
casual like oh I remember Twin Peaks I
used to watch that I'll watch the new
one and then you watch this new one
you're gonna be like horrified and
possibly bored okay for parts of it it's
more of kind of like everything David
Lynch has ever done like it culminates
with this there's aspects that remind me
of Eraserhead there's aspects that
remind me of Inland Empire in Lost
Highway all these things that he's done
with Twin Peaks characters in it until
you get that well I don't know where
it's going that's the great thing that's
what's exciting about it because episode
4 yeah is is very much in the spirit of
Twin Peaks okay it's a lot more it
tonally it feels a lot like older Twin
Peaks
so that's the that's what's exciting to
me is that like I'm no idea where he's
taking it but it does feel like it's
building towards something and that's
the thing it's not just like complete
nonsense there is a story going on and
it's giving power McLaughlin a lot to do
which is the other great thing about it
well it's like in general I really like
Kyle MacLachlan as an actor this this is
a wonderful showcase of all sorts of
different abilities raghava Lachlan fair
Oh
but yeah like I I have less Oh fun I
have less tolerance for David Lynch
bullshit I couldn't I can appreciate him
as a director champion but yeah I might
I would definitely err on the side of I
usually find very boring
hills and then after that everybody else
was too busy trying to run from him soon
was talking if you got a mute someone
Jason is in his casual where that's true
yeah that's true
well I mean I'm gonna see it eventually
just because I am a big fan of original
Twin Peaks Sharon but I also remember
how it ended so I'm very I'm very
curious to know that this one picks up
after it continues with it absolutely
I'm very excited about that and that's
the thing it's like there's aspects of
it that are really abstract but you do
understand the basic story that's going
on yeah and it's pretty classic stuff
but sort of a good versus evil stuff but
it's it's exciting there's only one
scene so far in the first four episodes
that kind of feels like fanservice
a bit okay and it's in it's pretty minor
but the right but the rest of it is
definitely not like hey look it's the
Double R diner do you like that
Coop's eatin cherry pie remember this
damn fine car yeah none of that and I
wouldn't have expected that like just
because I know David Lynch and like he
would not you would not do this just to
do like a nostalgia trip right he's
clearly had some sort of inspiration and
an idea for what he wants to do and it's
I I'm hooked I think it's so great
you're kind of bringing me back onboard
first you tossed me overboard and now
you've thrown me a life well it starts
off very different like the first two
episodes are the first two parts
whatever wasn't aired is one long
episode originally it's not very little
of it is even in Twin Peaks okay it's
like a globe-trotting adventure Wow it's
like we're in Las Vegas and we're in
South Dakota so it bounces around a lot
and there's some pretty bleak stuff
there's not a lot of humor so it's a bit
of an adjustment but then it's like
slowly easing back in to kind of the
stuff you know and I don't think it'll
ever get completely there or it just
feels like old Twin Peaks I don't think
David Lynch has any interest in though
like I'm not
I'm not such a Twin Peaks fan where I
didn't also enjoy fire walk with me you
know it's like I like fire walk with me
I thought was a really great addendum to
the Twin Peaks it's this new one
definitely has more in common tonally
with fire walk with me than it does the
original ship okay well then I'm okay
with that demo but another reason I it's
just not watching it if you haven't seen
the original show is you will have no
investment in the Cooper character if
you don't know who that character is or
what he's going through you'll you will
be completely lost okay gotcha
because a lot of this is built around
what's happening with Cooper okay you
fucking know what's happening and then
when we get the dougie Jones it's like
some of the funniest stuff David Lynch
has ever done oh man
the saga of dougie Jones oh man just say
his name makes me laugh so much hype so
much hype let's see here anonymous says
hate you fucks I just want to say thanks
for the excellent content all three of
you you may not know just how much your
content means to us but it helped me
through some tough times thank you I
love them thanks for watching
you're welcome kid thanks for watching
it's great just Sofia dysphoria blues is
Jay do you have a movie that has grown
and evolved with you over time an
example is as you've gotten older an
American Werewolf in London has morphed
from a horror into a tale rife with dark
comedy thanks um I would agree about
American where of London ghostbusters
okay I think as a kid I appreciated I
just liked the comedy stuff yeah and
like some of the the creatures and then
when I got older I was like this is a
great story about starting your own
business I can relate to this this is
the last of the petty cash like things
like that right and I appreciated it
more on that level so that's one Oh what
what was she doing way to use that
shotgun
it's weird that he teleports inside the
house he's using the evil dead then you
can't teleport inside I'm sure I've
never seen I've never seen all right now
I'm gonna see J has a beverage inspired
me to go get a beverage I could have
gotten you one I wasn't even thinking
about how selfish you were selfish yes
you know that I'm an adult and I can
move my own damn legs
it is courteous though hey I'm getting a
drink would you like one and I didn't do
that because I don't care oh shit we're
recording even if only the people that
watch these streams knew how much we all
hated each other oh oh oh oh no these
are our friendship is it just a
carefully orchestrated facade to make
money
let's be chasing we gotta be chasing we
gotta be chasing your own stream well if
it's Jason this time you wanna know what
Jack wants it I think yep because he
hasn't played Jason yet yeah so we'll
see if we start where Jason and I'll
switch it over when it gets back
maggot nothing absolutely nothing is
going on waiting for the match to start
wondering who's gonna be Jason oh yeah
that's not even on there we go
hi everybody I'm back Mike's not your
face I remember I'll tell a story well I
uh I had a I had a slightly
uncomfortable fan encounter this
afternoon oh that's the setup
okay not we're not Jason so here's
here's it might be no cuz this is what I
picked wait did I might not have
switched it back back okay so I'm at my
local coffee establishment for a quick
lunch and I had ridden my bike there so
I got my helmet man I'm looking all
sweaty and gross as I look right now you
can't tell cuz I'm not on the camera
right now haha and I ordered my food and
some coffee and I'm waiting for my
coffee to show up at the little counter
and there are two people deadlocked
staring at me no God fucking and like
you kind of know right away like you
people look at you and you're like okay
you know who I am but they're staring at
me as if like I have a big bug on me or
something and so I kind of smile and nod
and then usually they say something and
they did they were both silent they were
nervous jack they were nervous and so I
take a little step closer and I said hey
and there's two there's two dudes one is
sweater and one in a suit this is
important later sweater dude the suit
okay and the sweater dude says oh my god
you're famous and I said no no no not
really like you know and he's like I
talked about this with my friends all
the time about whether I'd ever like
we'd ever run into you because we live
in the same city and I was like I am and
that was sweater guy and then I look
over to suit guys you know cuz there's
two guys there and suit guy has this
look on his face like who the fuck is
this guy he's like wow and and he
clearly does not know who I am okay that
happen where it's one person that knows
you and one who doesn't and it's the
best because the one who knows he was
trying to explain to the one who doesn't
who you are and the one who doesn't know
you could not care less
it's the best and I like the guy with
the suit to frickin car batteries nice
the guy like I don't know if this was a
job interview I don't know if this was
like a date situation I don't know if
these were like two old friends who
hadn't met in a long time I don't know
what their relationship is sure but the
guy with the suit is like who and I was
like oh I I mean I'm in some Internet
videos and the guy's like nah he's like
he is
the show they watch like movies and say
he's and he's two guys like oh so he's
not famous that's what you're saying
Internet videos exactly and so like but
then the sweater guy like wants a
picture with me yeah my wait jackass and
so suit guys like oh yeah I'll take a
picture with you too and so we take a
little picture to get in the suit guys
like buh-bye I guess sir and it was just
like you know cuz I can deal with it if
someone knows who I am and let you know
like the videos I'm it's like okay great
yeah that can be an easy interaction but
him trying to explain who I was to
trying to explain what we do it's like a
worthless endeavor yeah you're just
gonna get met with confused looks
exactly and that that's what it was and
so or that pretending to care like oh
well and that's what I'm saying if he
was on a date or having a job interview
you ruined it for him now I didn't well
I guess you didn't he really did he
could you know he could have just said
hey or whatever he could have been cool
yeah but I mean it was very nice it's
always nice when people like the things
we do it was also a very funny situation
jack is mostly known for his role as
fuck bought 500 no 5000 thousand that's
probably yeah I know I realize both
batteries in the cars okay great
you need keys and need to guess always
do should we tell people you know tell
people no no okay
you're out for yourself you don't want
anyone else to fuck it up for you
I'm mostly known for being a clown
butcher you are correct
you're absolutely correct no and you
know for that for the first time in a
long time this was a we were not near a
liquor store is that usually when you
get notice okay so I have some friends
who live in Minneapolis and every once
in a while at least a cut a few times a
year will go up and visit and spend like
a weekend with them because they're very
good friends of ours and it has happened
now four times somewhere near the exact
same intersection I have been recognized
in Minneapolis in Minneapolis oh it's
weird all at in different businesses
near the same intersection Wow right
what a weird coincidence that's bizarre
there is a giant liquor store right
there
huh so but here was a situation where I
got recognized not near a liquor store
so I'm not you know no there's just that
weird nexus in Minneapolis and it's
really weird it's very strange
yeah it's very very strange but our alum
and drunk people go hand in hand right
and Walter right also cellphone what is
that walkie-talkie okay he's gonna say
that's not accurate well so it's not
era-appropriate giant bald head I am
pretty recognizable yes someone sees me
from afar how many people that also have
shaved heads and glasses do you think
get stops jerk what oh oh oh gasps oh
nope oh wait fire it or distract them so
it doesn't kill your gas friend
said Jason yeah
Jason shouldn't have the ability to talk
that's weird
drop the gas no is it nice yeah good job
Jason go out
don't pour the gas why she put on the
gas right now that's stupid
just drop it by the car Oh No Oh
oh she did it did she oh she did it you
just need the key and you're good to go
oh well now Jason's on to you
nope get distracted nice nice dive
maneuver doors might be open a weapon a
weapon a lot of walkie-talkies Jesus
alright no poker poker poker something
with better knockdown potential but I'll
take it over nothing right
oh my god every drawer has a fucking
walkie-talkie yeah yeah yeah no that's
why I'm shocked you couldn't find one I
just loved that Jason which is outside
that window got chopped Tommy Jarvis hit
the T button anybody has keys four-door
cars ready to go we need keys they
didn't hear you because you're moving if
anybody has keys the four-door cars
ready to go
you can't talk if you're moving it's a
there's no button on the controller for
talking I don't know why and and and
also if you're using the controller it
completely nullifies keyboard input no
and if you're using the keyboard and so
you have to press the T on the keyboard
to talk yeah but then if you use the
controller it nullifies all keyboard
input oh yeah that's very weird it has
it has some issues and there's glitches
that's what people are talking about I
have issues you also cannot rebind
controls on either keyboard or
controller which is generally a pretty
standard practice for any game huh are
you dying
I'm fir I'm afraid afraid Oh is that
there's that afraid mode yeah risk walk
yeah you're coming back you're coming
back bring it back bring it back
somewhere there's probably a body lying
around that's got cheese on it yeah
let's see here anonymous says dear God
watch Tetsu the Iron Man it's the
absolute best hour you can spend staring
at a television screen or don't shred
regardless now I need to watch it I
don't know why I haven't I mean you know
the best way to get us to watch
something just to insist we watch it and
over and over again until we get so sick
of hearing it we want to bash your head
in with a pipe so far that's working
great for Stargate that's the best way
to get us interested in the things that
you are interested in it's true it's I
love being so disgusted I want to throw
up
also as far as bestower staring at a
television have you seen television
shows lately they're pretty great Twin
Peaks right
Fargo season 3 is pretty awesome you
know I watched the first two episodes
yeah and I'm not as into it as I have
been the other season so far you and
McGregor's great it's it's neat seen him
playing two parts but it almost feels
like like they have a formula now and
it's sort of the same stuff you know
it's the first two seasons different
characters but but I don't know I guess
I just shifted around some pieces but
hasn't of the same stuff as it moves on
it's it's finding its own character drew
okay
I like lady cop that has one of the best
running gags of television ever and I
won't say anything more but I like all
the actors on it oh yeah I'm just in
general Fargo is a good show that is yes
television currently handmaidens tail
hand made stay and watch that
new season of kimmy schmitt just got
released oh yeah I watched a few
episodes of that master of none is
phenomenal that the Aziz Ansari a new
season of sense8 is out and these are
these are just Netflix shows like
fucking regular television is great as
well there's just a lot of stuff out
there there is that's part of the
problem do you mean that's oh my god the
problem is as far as if the problem is I
have not seen this one specific thing
that you're asking about right I want to
watch it I want to watch Tetsuo the Iron
Man I just haven't watched it yet cuz I
get distracted by other things why
there's a lot of stuff there's a lot of
stuff and I see that as nothing but a
positive American Gods is supposed to be
really good yeah oh yeah that's the the
guy who did Hannibal right yes did
Hannibal and it's a neil gaiman oh okay
based off of a Neil Gaiman book III know
very little about it but I just saw like
a promo image from it the other day that
had Crispin Glover I was like oh Crispin
Glover is in oh no I gotta watch it it's
supposed to be really good okay oh oh my
god that doors open so Jason - ah nice
thank you Jason oh we need video
recordings of people making all these
grunting noises someone's got to do it
but never not someone got a paycheck for
that oh of course
never not funny jumping through a window
yeah I know Kane Hodder who played Jason
and a number of the movies did like the
motion capture for Jason in this okay
and Tom Savini who did the kills the
special effects for part one in part
four I think he helped come up with the
kill ideas for this game which is neat
and he designed the the hell Jason yeah
there's there's a bit of a there's a bit
of a controversy with the hell Jason
which apparently it's it's part of it
was part of like this Kickstarter reward
or it was for sale for very limited
amount
oh yeah rich was tell me about that yeah
and for people who don't know in the
chat people are selling off the codes Oh
to this to other people so like they
bought the code when it was available
and now it's no longer available and
they're selling it off and some people
are getting banned or yelled at or no
apparently it's against whatever Terms
of Service or something which oh no why
is it so dark now I think rich was in
fear yeah is there a Jason X I hope
there's a Jason X that that outfit is
now I know I know
I would love to play as Jason axe with
it with a chrome ass
so great it's so stupid it's great and
you know it oh yeah what I know she's
Minnie Mouse great Anonymous's Wow Jay
is here should really take advantage of
this to ask super pertinent questions
rich if you watch Star Trek the animated
series if so is it worth watching is it
written by a lot of people same people
who wrote the show how long after the
show did the cartoon come out almost of
this show is 75 okay maybe a little bit
earlier I can't I can't help so you know
about round a decade hmm all right maybe
a little bit earlier than that even the
animation was crap right like that was
really for the time it's a standard it's
a standard TV animation cheap animation
right it's fine mm-hmm yep like this is
okay nicely
doreen honestly it's it's like the show
but in some ways because they don't have
to build giant sets they could do more
yeah sure
and they're not so good a giant like bug
spaceship thing they put that on the
original series the cartoon didn't last
long though did it I'm guessing uh no
like one season no that's it there's
like a second episode like some of it
was smart the second episode we're like
young spot was his dog died his space
dog died perfect perfect
all right just an emotional episode
whoa-oh-oh-oh this is the hacker they
were talking about oh I'm not gonna wait
for them to finish hacking we're just
good at work bullshit bullshit is how
that works
just doing some of the glitch oh that's
nice lame that is lame
Jace is tired and sad because you've
seen all three what film do you think
was hurt the most
with reshoots here's your three options
okay Suicide Squad fan to four stick
rogue one and four stick I think that
was hurt the most by reshoots there's
well it's hard we don't know what was
reshot for the most part we don't know
everything that was reshot we can
speculate yeah but we don't know for
sure
fan four stick it's more obvious what
was reshot yeah because kate mara has an
obvious wig and the movies just like
kind of a mess so we're what do we know
for sure that what the movie would have
been like without the reshoots oh I
don't I mean as far I guess the question
is which is the worst movie of those
three because we don't know for sure
what was reshot and what was it suzanne
fans for stick is the worst
did you see fan for stick yeah you think
Suicide Squad is worse yes
fan fan fan 2 for stick is kind of lame
incomprehensible and like every time
they go into almost like body horror
movie well that's the interesting stuff
right but it doesn't fit with the rest
of the stuff no I'd be curious to know
what the original version that movie was
supposed to be but there are reports
because you know people like to say like
oh the movie got fucked over by the
studio and reshoots but there are
reports that Josh Trank's original
vision was worse yes
so who knows those are the reports that
I have heard it's like it was way worse
probably never know but I think it's the
worst of those three I mean your iguana
isn't even terrible it's just not very
good right Suicide Squad is kind of a
mess but at least like I don't know it's
a big mess sure there's aspects of it
that I kind of liked yeah I don't know
rogue one is the best of those three I
can say that much is sure sure I think
people think we hate road one because we
make fun of it so much but we just make
fun of it cuz it's fun no that obviously
means it's the worst movie you've ever
seen that absolutely way worse than
things pretty boring it's just boring
that's its biggest problem is that it's
just not interesting right right
I think I think suicides go I had a lot
more problems I think the Suicide Squad
is one of the most fun movies to watch
because its problems are so obvious that
it can be it's a learning experience you
can watch and go oh this is exactly what
went wrong yeah it's almost as if
someone was making a thesis film about
mistakes you can make as a filmmaker and
fan for stick is like tonally really
unbalanced yeah but you kind of know
what's happening day to day and again it
makes sense it has one of the weakest
endings depending how another dimension
and there he is there's the bad guy all
right everybody do something I guess
we're working together now or whatever
what's he doing what's the bad guy doing
we don't know great that part though and
when Doctor Doom wakes up in the hall
and he's walking down the hallway and
he's like making heads explode yeah
feels like something out of another
movie but it's kind of Awesome well like
that I'm thinking of the the weird josh
trank like on the operating table not
being able to control
oh yeah yeah those those aspects are
interesting yeah weird they're probably
not appropriate for a Fantastic Four
movie but a bingo but super bingo yeah
you get all the bingos just good thing
who came out unscathed their Creed
what was that act what Michael B Jordan
Michael B Jordan well he's fine in the
movie oh no I'm just saying like that
could have been a like a big stain on
his career yeah but he got he broke free
yes which is very nice cuz he's that
Gary who's that a Gary guy manly nice
Frank D Marine tomorrow you know these
must kick start oh oh there's Pamela
Lori's ex great what's Michael B Jordan
doing now he's playing one of the bad
guys in the Black Panther movie so it
was Creed what a fuckin Creed I don't
know if they'll ever making a sequel to
Creed I know there's talk about that oh
yeah I think I don't think it's really
come to anything yet so like he's made
his way up to Marvel like good the good
Marvel movies now so he's fine
yeah he's fine he's a good actor Kree I
mean I am completely biased when it
comes to all Rocky movies but Kree was
so fucking good yeah yep I love every
single Rocky movie for very different
reason
v being the weakest a lot of people just
flat-out dislike v I don't hate it
that's yeah yes that's the one with like
the Don King looking guy but I still I
stood that ending you can't take them
you can't take them this is the street
fighting hip hop music
yeah yeah Inc yeah Krieg made a lot of
money so I can only assume after they're
done making black panther because the
director of creed went on to is dubai
panther yeah well I don't know I I don't
know it who knows
I think Stallone at one point was saying
that he would not be back to direct
another Creed movie oh it would be
somebody else I think it you know what
they just don't have to make it that's
true that's true it might be fine they
don't have to do it and see like that's
a situation that's really tough because
like I'm sure a lot of people heard the
premise to Creed and go and rolled their
eyes yeah saying you don't need to make
this which they didn't it just turned
out really well
right wasn't that even more so with uh
with Rocky Balboa which is what the
whole movie is about is him wanting to
do this comeback thing and everyone
being like no like that's laughable and
that's the making of that movie yeah is
the same thing that's that's what I like
about the rocky series is they all kind
of reflect where Stallone was very on
his career at that point yeah yeah I I
have such a soft spot for those movies
oh god fuck man I don't give a shit
about boxing either
right that's the thing is like you don't
have to know but just like still you
know and those first movies just like
knowing that like Stallone Rotem knowing
that like that's just what he was doing
at the time just scraping by box and
fighting people
he sold his dog right at one point he
was so poor he had to sell his dog and
then when Quinn Rocky was a big hit he
bought the dog back that's a wonderful
story gorgeous what a gorgeous mr.
Stallone had to sell his dog huh yes
I've not heard that's the story right
well yeah who knows oh man oh the the
inventor of the training montage yes
something that every filmmaker takes
advantage of now did not exist before
rocky I think the first movie to use the
Steadicam
I think shiny shiny is early eighties
Rocky's late 70s oh there was another
thing similar called the Panna Glide
that was used on like Halloween
and night what year was rocky Halloween
was 78 but there's a thing called the
panic light but that wasn't the
Steadicam it was like a different a
different design okay um I think people
can correct me but I think rocky might
have been the first one to use the
Steadicam and 76 they're saying 76 okay
yeah and uh fun facts the location
manager for rocky the person who is
responsible for deciding to do the
famous steps you know up to the museum
of course the person who like had that
idea and secured the steps and
everything Lloyd Kaufman head of Troma
director of the toxic avenger it was the
location manager for that movie he's in
it too is like a bum you seem very very
briefly as like a like a passed-out bum
that rocky carries into the bar oh man
great locations everywhere mm-hmm I've
always wanted to visit Philadelphia just
because I want to see all the locations
from the movie never been there what
that's the second person who's headed
like an echo II mic hmm
what's going on with people's mics okay
they're saying Bound for Glory was the
first Steadicam movie okay I am not
having any luck finding items rocky has
some significance because you know
that's what you're telling me when I
couldn't find stuff walkie-talkies I
passed by yeah we're gonna die anyway we
don't use it oh they're saying rocky was
the third Steadicam movie okay interest
is that the first one to use it as
extensively or something I feel like
there's some significance to its use of
the study could it could have been the
biggest one me yeah maybe
cuz there's a lot of Steadicam stuff
like the first successful movie with
first one the people have seen huh no
offense to Bound for Glory button no
that's the yeah cough smear not welcome
hi in Friday the 13th you killed Jason
that's kind of true it can be he's
trying to talk to Jason
you know what that'd be an interesting
tactic trying to talk Jason down cuz it
happens in Jason axe the guy's like it's
okay he just wants this machete back
that'd be an interesting tactic in this
game trying to mess with the player to
be like oh hey hey wait wait wait casein
we're doing this special exploit you
want to help us you want to help and try
to get in his head a little bit and then
you know like don't kill us and we can
do this special exploit and it's a it's
a hidden achievement you want to do that
geez yeah okay so here's what you need
to do turn around and I'm gonna get on
your head then everyone else yes Friday
the 13th diplomacy dlc you can't find
anything to help me escape I got two
fucking meds sprays whoopty fucking do
blue did it like it did all the other
survivors grab everything and drop them
in the middle of the woods i only an
idiot would fall for that sure but it
might work
don't underestimate the power of the
idiot there's a lot of them topical
political comments
all right let's see here judge
open open that that one uh dr. D what up
says hey guys I recently rewatched the
original spider-man trilogy yeah I
forgot how much wonderful Sam Raimi
weirdness there is in them yeah
especially that third one that everyone
hates I don't I don't hate that third
one it's not a good spider-man movie but
there's some great Sam Raimi stuff in it
sure but it's it's a mess
oh yeah it's it I mean there's too many
storylines and there's lots of problems
with it yeah but one of people's biggest
problems is the the the emo Peter Parker
the dancing Peter Parker I think that's
hilarious
cuz that's Peter Parker's idea of cool
it's cool right that's what makes it
funny give a sense it's like I never I
never hated that um but I mean obviously
it's got a lot of problems - oh sure no
completely like retconning Uncle Ben's
death oh yeah with Sandman like the
inclusion of venom at all the Sam Raimi
didn't want that that was the studio oh
so many problems well yeah I mean it's
no spider-man tubes
I know spider-man twos the starters the
best and like that that entire Doc Ock
horror sequence I love it my kids watch
that and all day she wanted the old n2z
when when doctor octopus's are like came
to life instead of murdering people both
of my boys were like a chainsaw oh great
you know one of the doctors isn't that
seen John Landis oh really
yep John Landis had a cameo was a doctor
in dark man also directed by Sam Raimi
and so he brought him back to play
another doctor and Spyder had to for no
reason - maybe that was to link to the
universe and so yeah the dark man exists
in the same universe as spider-man
sure why not alright so we need to look
for corpses mm-hmm
I need to find keys we desperately need
to find keys have you heard the rumor
now that they that Sony is going ahead
with a venom movie oh yeah what tom
hardy Hardy it's weird
I mean tomorrow's a good actor sure I
like Tom Hardy but just like venom
starring Tom Hardy and it's like what is
venom
without a spider-man he's like a villain
right well of course it well they might
antihero actually they might go like oh
wait that might have been a pocket knife
on the floor over there
no was it oh wow Jack Wow how did you
see that you're welcome I saw the trap I
saw no pocket knife there we go got
eagle eyes me that's look was that Jason
one of one of the one of Venom's things
is he he wants to be a humor no but he
feels like he can only be a hero if he
gets rid of spider-man hmm so but this
venom movie will not have spider and
this is the we're pretty fuckin boned
I read an article the other day there
was something that showed up on Amazon I
know there was a pre-order or if it was
actually available to buy it was the
spider-man 3 editors cut and then it was
like quickly pulled from Amazon I don't
know what that was about I'd be curious
to see an alternate cut I don't know
what you could do the next or Uihlein
wise like there's not much you can
change that was a very strange thing I
saw that I saw that very same thing it
popped up for like a half a day yeah and
then it was just gone
yeah weird oh it's still coming out
they're saying I'm curious to see it I
really don't know what you could change
to make the movie make sense and have
the movie still make sense was any more
coherent right yeah
can you can you get rid of that old
movie it's so nonsensical is when they
it's getting close to the third act and
they realize that they have two villains
but don't know each other have no
connection and they have no way to get
them together so it's just like a shot
of an ally and there's like a silhouette
of Sandman and then silhouette of venom
like hey you want to team up okay it's
like a like a five second scene it's
really arable do you mean wonderful
this am i genuinely like from that movie
is that initial Sandman congealing
sequence oh yeah where it starts like on
an individual grain of sand and who
builds the whole man oh that's a
beautiful if they did focus on just sand
man as a villain and does and then like
Harry Osborn has amnesia so they could
like push off everything they set up in
spider-man 2 for the longest time
what's the echo going on enough they're
really there's a really great I want to
say it's a Peter Parker spider-man
collection all about Sandman
The Sandman uh-oh Oh was he there while
he was like bleeding through the door oh
oh that's right yet if I can gather drug
there's a Peter Parker series about
Sandman where in an earlier fight to
stop the Sandman Peter Parker tossed him
into the ocean dissipate Ellison yeah
and then different aspects of the
Sandman's personality congeal together
as different people and we're all trying
to find spider-man to like help each
other or something it was a really great
storyline huh like you know I want I
think it's it's either Peter Parker
spider-man or I want to say it's Peter
Parker spider-man it was just a one-off
one-off like four or five issues said
Jason no that must be Jason which I kind
of love this version of Jason come on I
think I want to kill you a but you know
like Sandman's feminine side was just
this like beautiful woman and like
there's a little kid Sam
and they were all reaching out to
spider-man for help and then you know
the big and was like like the anger side
of the Sandman which was just this
horrible sand monster it was great great
little story
Sandman can be an interesting character
not necessarily Thomas Haden Church well
he's fine in the part was there any
resolution to the whole thing with his
daughter I don't even remember cuz like
he was everything he was doing he was
just doing to help his daughter and then
at the end of the movie he's like a
venom I'm just gonna team up with you to
kill spider-man for no reason well but
then at the end and he helps he ask for
forgiveness or something and then he
goes off and no he just kind of goes off
he's like I buy and he goes off into a
sand thing right no I think I think yeah
that that Spider Man gives him
forgiveness for being for turning evil
and he's like okay bye and then he
dissipates in the sand or something is
that what happened I can't even remember
it's dumb it's dumb it was absolutely
why can't you run for the bridge in this
game that's yeah everyone just runs out
and leaves the game when it starts oh
that's great game play you can only run
out if you call the cops first cuz yes
of course if there was just an exit that
you could go to this run to the exit
everyone would go to the exit as would
Jason and it would be a really boring
game so before you do that you need to
get a fuse put it in the fuse box then
find the phone and call the police then
wait five minutes for the police to come
spider-man 3
I remember getting into this argument
something or someone right after the
Amazing Spiderman came out spider-man 3
is a better film than the amazing
spider-man yeah even with all its
problems sure it is a more cohesive
story than either of the amazing
spider-man movies definitely more than
the second one that second one is one of
the worst recent comic movies
thanks Jason you did a pun for him
that's wonderful no oh oh there's still
one left
I still Tommy oh he's only got 30
seconds he might make it what he said
hang around before shoving the back of
my head onto a coat rack that oh there
you are thanks for coming out it would
be a completely different movie if we
just inserted that guy into the Friday
the 13th films hey everybody let's give
it up to dead in three dead in three
excellent jason excellent jason you win
he gave him Freddy puns right he's still
like mumbling to himself somebody else
want to play here what's the play around
right there thank you knock your socks
off Congrats dead in three that was fine
fine work let's see here anonymous says
J I look I took your advice and watched
roar with Senora took a drink every time
the Lions knocked into a character hard
enough to make them stop talking so you
were drunk pretty quickly gained with
five people what's second oh yeah
spider-man movies are not accurate to
the comics spider-man shows remorse and
stops the criminals I don't write
spider-man shows remorse and stops the
criminals so the movies are not accurate
to the comics he does that in the movies
and I'm assuming he does in the comics
he shows no remorse in the movies oh she
shows no remorse or the comics like yeah
I don't think that sentence makes
since I actually think Sam Sam Raimi's
version of spider-man are pretty darn
accurate besides the web shooters are
pretty darn accurate to the early comics
Hokies shove away the far fuck up there
the Hokies shot very high up there but
that's Sam Raimi though yeah that's
that's his mentality
let's see your did see says this makes
me think you guys would have really
loved left for dead in his heyday I
played this shit out of left for dead or
dead what does that have in common with
this like literally nothing
there's cooperative play there's
cooperative play it's it's a game that
is also some type of video game game on
video horror themes in cooperative play
it has graphics it does have graphics I
know I played the shit out of left 4
dead I love love for dead I was actually
just talking about this earlier where a
problem I had with left 4 dead was I had
a group that I played with all the time
yeah and our synergy became so great
that it became a little too easy for us
yeah you know we we knew the routes we
we knew our roles on the team knocked me
right out you supposed to go to window
I'm going hey remember there's bear
traps just just a heads right people lay
bear traps left for dead is a
multiplayer horror game where people
play people only play as monsters in the
versus mode in the campaign there's no
buddy playing as mums oh god is he here
Arnie I don't see him on your map at all
the answer your question yes yes he's
sort of somewhere nearby damn it I also
don't jump out these windows up here cuz
you'll get hurt okay the second-story
window I don't know you'll die but you
probably will shortly after that yep
okay downstairs go out the front door ah
god damn it you can do it you can do it
I know I know I know hey Jay is getting
more and more confident with these
controls every time he plays it's great
whoa letting up huh
that's a smart move then at least one of
you survives yes Jay did close the
fucking door so that was a good job Jay
yes I learned from the best
97 jackal says Father's Day it's a Troma
film heard of it yes I love Father's Day
literally features of character called
father fucker yep the plot of the movie
is there's a maniac on the loose that
goes around and rapes fathers and then
the last act of the movie takes place in
hell you know I don't they're saying
they're wondering if it's the best of
the worst contender no it's too good
also Troma kind of just all of Troma
doesn't count because if it's bad they
kind of do that on purpose
yeah it's Roma's too like self-aware
yeah um and and kind of silly and in
some cases too good yeah Troma good yeah
so what gets a pass for all the best of
the worst some of them obviously pick up
maybe cuz they distribute a lot of
movies to okay for the ones that they
make like in house no not at all
do you need a new poker coz there's
another poker there I don't need no
pokers well you got one so you need at
least one you wouldn't have grabbed it
yeah me fucking hypocrite
X is rich painting a backdrop for a
little webseries did you use regular old
matte clear coat to reduce the glare
from the lights on the old prereq
background pieces or was it something
specific like I just use flat paint
yeah just regular flat yeah Matt yeah
yeah yep yep
regular old paint and then you know you
just then you got to talk to your
lighting guy or if you're the lighting
guy you just have to light it so it
doesn't clear break hand with a cross on
it I expect it to be like some kind of
aerosolized holy water mmm we sprayed
for Dracula you know anti Dracula spray
that there's actually strong Christian
theming that's actually it's just uh
it's liquefied praying and so you pray
your wounds away and it works Lucas
Ducas says hey guys I've never seen
commando or Conan the Barbarian which
should I watch tonight for some bloody
fun if you're just looking for fun
commando yeah yeah Conan's a better
movie but commando is one of the
funniest fucking action movies you will
ever see sometimes intentional sometimes
not I've never seen it until like 10
years ago
Oh for whatever reason it was on cable
all the time growing up but for a reason
I had never seen it and it used to be on
Netflix maybe not 10 years ago but 6 7 8
years ago at least sure it was on
Netflix and so I watched it I never seen
it growing up I was like this movie is
brilliant yeah everyone saw that growing
everybody saw that and for whatever
reason I never had seen it say if you're
looking for funny commando if you're
looking for just genuinely good you
watch Conan mankind's a good movie Conan
has a fun movie
I hope someone who's already in here I
didn't get that it's in that drawer they
might have closed it I hate when people
close thanks oh you got a hold down
eight oh yeah
I got it there we go yeah first so first
watch Conan Conan then watch Conan the
Destroyer then watch Red Sonja come on
in
sucks but then you want to read Sonya
and it sucks even worse I've never seen
Red Sonja that's pretty bad
Roseanne's sister is in it as an evil
witch Laurie Metcalf yeah really
mm-hmm that's weird that if that's the
actress who played Rosanna sister it is
yeah
she's the evil witch okay that's bizarre
yeah it's great I don't believe you
no I mean it's not good it's not good
but it's great I should put it back on
random character yeah I'm sick of this
pity yeah yeah I want I want meat flaps
I want dark meat that's that's my
nickname for she's she's good at
stuffing this one oh she doesn't make
much noise when she moves her for that
gotcha
so for actual like tactical reasons not
superficial right looking at but digital
butt cheeks right like I like I'm
interested no those flaps flaps is a
good character yeah CT t14 ID says hey
guys long time lurker first time tipper
jack have you played mamasa or odin
sphere both are amazing both on the Vita
highly suggest them Salwa ro bong what
right
no I flight neither sorry sorry I've
been I've been really been re Isaac on
the switch which I've been really doing
oh oh hi yeah it's good give me your gun
no give me give me give me I'm trying
you try and kill her if you really want
to do Jay no no right don't move don't
move
pull T we do not have a key no key Oh
nice teamwork everyone it is weird when
you doppelganger comes in yeah yeah it's
very weird
Jason is there the car watch out nice am
i you are is the car cars behind you
it's the blue thing behind you okay
beautiful boom
he's in Jason's in the sunken place
Tiger dance and says what are the odds
the sequel to alien covenant will
involve a crew discovering the abandoned
covenant ship and discovering a creepy
David has fuckin what are the odds
you're gonna watch the sequel to alien
covenant that's the question didn't I
think why it's not doing well alien
covenant it dropped 70% its second
second week out it is not very well well
I I would I'm not even sure if there
will be any more also what were the big
ones last weekend Baywatch is bombing
may watch his mom and Pirates is bombing
is that bombing - yeah I didn't even
really pay attention really everything's
bombing Wow not a good summer no well
you know idea don't make cramp dad you
know what this means
no I mean with all of these films
bombing yeah that means within the next
seven years every film that has ever
produced will be a Marvel movie you're
Marvel or Star Wars they'll be the only
two things you can ever watch and
struggling DC movies that they just keep
trying
well they find Jason the Shaq oh go on
the Shaq yes you did or somewhere else
it's not that well find the shack door
find the shack door get that you find
the shadow I want that juicy Shaq me did
you when you get out of here leave
quickly
once you put the sweater on I believe
Jason gets a notification that a Shaq
has been entered oh really
Oh Oh you just found the mom oh yeah
what's up mom put it on nice okay get
the ax now get the fuck out get the fuck
out he's probably too busy with
something else but get GTFO cuz he can
teleport nope Locke where am I there we
go I don't even know how a parent Lee if
you press the Y button the Y is that
yellow one at the top there don't do it
now no wait so you're around Jason
you'll waste I don't want to worry you
waste that you can only use it once okay
no so like in seven years the only
movies in movie theaters will be either
Marvel or Star Wars but we'll have
amazing movies on Netflix and Hulu and
Starz and Showtime that's the thing
right there's plenty great stuff out
there you need to find people to hang
around I think you're on the wrong way
to go back with the Shaq dammit
head head towards those arrows oh yeah
the silver arrow Jason could be damaged
enough that he loses his mask okay we
get Tommy Jarvis involved okay
these are this is one of the ingredients
you need to kill Jason that's true a
female a female worker you know why on
the sweatshirt yeah yes Jack did turn
invisible I I'm I'm currently taking I'm
drinking an anti invisibility potion
that I hope works but I just ran out of
anti invisibility potion I might have to
go get some more J do you need any anti
invisibility potion I do if I'm gonna
take on Jason okay well I'll get you
some anti invisibility diet coke I will
get you
I'm sorry visibility potion alright what
should I be doing at this point fine
people
Oh people have already escaped with a
car Oh
just know I don't like that hey you
don't want that it's a branch yeah I
know you need Tom I don't think it's
gonna happen
the highly alike oh yeah Tommy Jarvis
probably isn't here is he well hit those
hit that button he's in there I don't
know if he's still around
mm-hmm he's been called
I don't know if Jack read this for her
hats mochi b85 say it's me mochi I
showed aliens to my family sister hadn't
seen it and mom hadn't seen it for a
long time but the movie still kills him
everything from the facehugger scene was
so intense for them
thank you it's one of the aliens is one
of my favorite movies ever right you're
an aliens person yep yeah and I'm fine
with aliens but man that alien
I love alien right just such a good
movie I was just reading a little bit of
the original screenplay
for alien oh really yeah there was like
an internet threat about how the script
was specifically written gender-neutral
mm-hmm for all the characters so anyone
could play anyone and so it just was
happenstance that Sigourney Weaver
played Ripley sure what hasn't been
rated oh yeah yeah it was for a female
role so I thought that was interesting
and you know they had the original
script online I was reading a little bit
now it's like it's so funny how little
there is to the script you know how much
the how much the the you know Giger's
visuals really made it also special oh
sure it's just like an octopus monster
comes out of a jar you're like oh that's
so much more than that
nice oh you have two now two of those
nice two first aids and a knife which
means you get a get-out-of-jail-free
card
how do I use my knife if I need it
uh when he grabs you hit the green
button okay yeah
the William Meister says do you guys
think the upcoming mummy movie will have
any redeeming qualities I'm slightly
curious about it since I love the
classic universal monster movies but
this dark universe looks lazy you know
bad I don't want to utilize the sweater
yet right I don't wanna be like don't
worry just don't worry about it
I don't this is gonna be no kill yeah
he's not even damaged you know like the
mast isn't gone is it off right my
Jarvis's just do your best to survive
just leave me alone dude yes for the
mummy bear oh yeah if I hear a fan of
the old universal monster movies that
should make you even more hesitant about
this right sexy babe mummy that's what
we're god that's what we got right now
man Wolfman film someone recently uh
yeah with Benicio del Toro that well
that was a while ago now was a while ago
that was like six seven years ago yeah
yeah it was Jack Nicholson's wolf I've
never seen that I I've seen it I don't
remember anything of it him and Michelle
Pfeiffer right up shit yeah the Joker
and Catwoman together yeah if I could
sigh harder about the prospect of any
memory I don't use the sweater why if
you don't have to dumb oh yeah
well only if you're about to get killed
you got that you got the knife yet yeah
is me right behind you no no idea
well he's around here somewhere right
oh yeah breaking windows stop for a
better stamina
it might be on the other side of you
maybe I should've done that a little bit
away from the window that's all right
that's all right you're fine come here
my first day blue button all right keep
going
nice hammer
no hammer caps is really enjoying the
string they're always great when you
guys are having fun
Jay what are your thoughts on Hitcher
I've only seen the remake but Sean Bean
made me root for the killer I've never
seen The Hitcher the original Arthur
I've seen the original I like the
original I've never seen it
I think the remake was one of those
platinum dooms and movies that's a
michael platinum doing this michael
bay's production company yes bill sorry
look oh god damn it what are we anyway I
try to write sure to write your own shit
I'm in the wrong one
god damn it is it there unbuttoned oh
you broke free yeah fuck you Jason oh
you don't have your accident yet was it
right into the woods yep well now I'm
useless
pretty much bill will heck asses hey
guys I know you're not getting many tips
I expect you to read this immediately
since I'm a VIP viewer absolutely bill
but if you read this tip within the next
two minutes I'll donate 1 million
dollars kay bye Oh bill you know damn it
Oh oh my God look at your hair I'm done
for Oh excellent effort
you got the sweater I got the sweater
which is kind of cool we've never gotten
the sweater yet so that was great I just
accidentally stumbled across the yellow
the Shack yeah shadow elite thises is
there a way you guys can increase the
rate of change you read the tips per
minute yes that would be appreciated by
the way space comp is a great
masterpiece film I sleep with it every
night before bed okay so the answer to
this tip is yes next tip go hey guys hey, Jay.
People are saying Wonder Woman is
actually good yes that's the word you
will have to go to work with Mike now
that's also Jack Richard Jay please
consider arachnophobia for review oh oh
that's a movie I haven't seen in forever
that's it that was that was huge back in
I remember there was a lot I saw a lot
of ads for it there was like TV ads all
the time for it kind of forgotten but
not a bad horror comedy
I'd have to rewatch it I haven't seen in
so I remember liking it I think I think
that was everyone's general consensus
and then everybody forgot about it yeah
weird I just remembered that Ivor I
remember the punchline at the end is
they move out of the barn yeah to get
away from the spiders the farm right and
they moved to California to get away
from the spiders and they go well at
least we don't have to worry about
spiders anymore there's like an
earthquake
yeah I had not thought about that in
probably 20 years I think I saw in the
theater who was afraid of spiders was
literally hiding under the seat in the
theater at the end of the photo god if
you're if you're especially if you're
afraid of spiders had some classic you
know aerosol can with the lighter
moments if I remember correctly I don't
remember that I don't know I remember
John Goodman is the exterminator
yes but wonder woman yeah
keep hearing good things I keep hearing
more so I don't hear good things I hear
all the people who are really pissed
because the critics say hey this movies
pretty good unlike the other DC movies
and they say you shouldn't mention the
other DC movies it's like can we just
forget about those Ryan just just talk
about one rule don't talk about the
other DC movies it's part of DC no of
course for this year yeah I've heard
days and things I'm except I tried to
talk Lisa my wife into seeing it with me
we had a we had a bit of a free morning
on Tuesday and I said hey hey let's go
see Wonder Woman let's go see a movie
and she goes yesterday Tuesday wasn't
out yet didn't come out on Monday no
comes out this weekend
oh I thought it came out on Monday so
you would've been able to see it anyway
well then it's a good thing she said no
she's like I just don't care and I said
I kind of do because I think that's the
biggest hurdle the movie we'll have to
get past is the fact that people are so
sick of the DC movies now right it's
gonna it might be hurting its some
people interested like and that's the
only reason I am interested is because
like it's a DC movie that you know
doesn't involve Zack Snyder and has been
getting decent reviews I think Zack
Snyder was like a co-writer or maybe
story personally yeah he was a story
person and he produced it okay but he's
not the director and so I think right
you know my weight today we can all my
shit hey sweatsuit let's have a talk I'm
just gonna follow you know fuck you I'm
gone you're bugging me
J your indecisiveness fuck leave me
alone look at this drawer I would have
follow you fired said says which film
franchises prequels fucked up their
continuity go away lady I'm going this
way anyways the question you know what I
think it's a fine answer to the question
lady which Combs franchise prequels
fucked up there can't know any more
alien Star Wars or x-men x-men x-men it
was was first class bad no first class
wasn't bad what the hell is this
what's the prequel to fuck things up
well it won't say that movies after
first class we're now we've got like
multiple timelines especially Age of
Apocalypse just Apocalypse those are
prequels yeah oh wait what the question
is about prequels yes
Oh Age of Apocalypse is a prequel hey
it's that Age of Apocalypse well it's
just called apocalypse it's just x-men
apocalypse apocalypse is a prequel to
the x-men movies alright alright I I
don't watch these things well it's it's
a prequel to the original movies but a
sequel to first class right but first
class was also a prequel to the original
yes yes yeah their prequels and they
fucked up the timelines super hard
hey wait wait wait hit the don't touch
anything hit the team we've got keys
we've got keys follow that woman with
the battery has the battery one of those
two dots outside had the battery other
way
dammit her follow pinky doctor okay and
take me to a car we don't have a map
file scan both of these people holy shit
we're good to go let's go we don't have
a map we will follow you to any car
don't hit buttons no car we need a car
everyone's just standing here do you
have a map sure hit the start button did
you find one you do yeah we do have
matter alright just we gotta follow them
just take it easy and follow them
they're your best shot of winning Oh
even this lady she's all bugging me all
game tracksuit know what I don't say it
that's it what it's not a spoiler okay
if they find a car yeah I'll get the car
running yeah if they do this
successfully Jay has the keys he's got a
drive he perfect perfect Jay you're
gonna have to drive a car I don't know
I've been drinking many the Vera King
this is how many donations do you need
to get Mike to play Star Trek bridge
blue and VR okay I'll have people asking
about that huh Oh our Twitter both both
prereqs Twitter feed and my personal
Twitter feed is amok with that and I
cannot say this hard enough never gonna
happen is that officially out yeah yeah
I think it just came out like we don't
really care about VR we don't have a VR
device and Mike doesn't come to streams
uh-huh there are three
what do you fuckers doing
why are we understanding don't worry
about it just keep following them I
think they're following me because
nobody knows where to go all right just
go your map
oh shit okay you're close go straight
just keep going straight go straight to
that car is it yellow no I'll go to the
other going right a little bit
yeah it's follow that road what color go
right no no the same way straight there
straight follow that road follow that
road it'll take you to a car okay that's
gonna be the blue car there it is
do you see the blue on your map oh yeah
yeah yeah that's the car you have to go
to the other one
they're not gonna help oh shit yeah this
is the to see no they're gonna do it
anyway alright well you'll be yeah you
have the keys you'll be fine can I get
in the car like what are they things
they need wait wait don't move
do we want do we want it do we want to
find the four-seater alright let's go to
the other car don't put the gas in the
dip with the gessen there I put the
guessing son of a bitch okay battery
someone has a battery yeah well fine
fuck it you you have the keys you'll be
good but the battery in stupid someone
has it right let's see look it's too
late we already put the gas in we may as
well get the battery in this car too
people can get out idiots I feel like I
should go hide or something right I'm
just standing here wait around
oh no she's better you and battery girl
getting out heck yeah she's on the short
charts there you go she's coming with me
oh hey girl did you put it in but the
battery in yep
there we go how do I get in though which
yeah yet which is done and then they'll
be a little be the egg button it'll be
the green one
okay come on stupid she's probably
trying to do it before anyone else
leaves the house where the fuck is Jason
who cares
chasing busy chasing somebody else
that's none of your concern right
dysphoria blue says hey guys get your
shit together battery girl I love what
you have all you all have accomplished
with our ulema thank you for all your
humor and work oh you didn't get in and
do the thing what do I do now hey hey
just hold a just hold a and then the
right trigger is gonna be gas left
trigger is gonna be reverse right
trigger right the swing button okay
trigger like a gun like a gun other
trigger other trigger other trigger oh
right trigger deer steers I mean what
the fuck is happening what is happening
you hit a tree
you have to steer a car this is amazing
if I hit with a car pushes me side more
exciting if I knew what any of the
buttons didn't I used him correct oh
that was exciting that was exciting for
us you were so close how do you use all
the buttons properly
so out of there right here two days ago
that was I was still very exciting
highlight drunk driving J okay I'm on it
dysphoria blues hey guys I love what you
all have accomplished with rlm thank you
for all you know she's getting in my car
good oh he's through me hey all your
humor and work you are very talented and
I am proud to be a subscriber on patreon
and twitch have a good night thank you
dysphoria blues thank you very much oh
oh nice oh I love the way the bodies
just flail right that's great
J frisk chooses J do you feel that Twin
Peaks is no more like cosmic horror like
Lovecraft or Stephen King now probably
should have read that I didn't know it
was gonna be you know more so than the
original series it always had those
elements oh come oh this this is the
second person I was falling for the same
bit this car is cursed
yeah oh they had a pocketknife though
don't get back okay don't get back in
the car thank you
no no it was the second part of it also
do you read the Escape from New York
comic books that bridge the gap between
New York and LA no I didn't know that
was even a thing that exists think you'd
be interested I would read that yeah I
like Snake Plissken gm2 megatron's hey
Jack hey rich I know point and clicks my
favorite but if either of you gonna
played TNG a final unity and if so how
you like it I felt it was pretty fun and
true to the series tone I have not
played that one hmm I think it's a point
and click
TNG point-and-click that's what
sounds like yeah I have not played that
one some boob guide chances Jack yep as
an overwatch player yeah what do you
think of Forbes proving it practically
impossible to get all the new skins
without buying loot boxes are you
willing to pay just for the chance to
get them yes here's why here's here's
why I am willing to pay for loot boxes I
actually did break down and buy some
loot boxes and I got the new diva skin
yes and I got this area skin which I
wanted and I was able to justify the
purchase of I know Jake cares no I'm
just laughing cuz I just went to another
my body still there I was able to
justify the purpose because of the sheer
number of hours that I've put into the
game was how much was the purchase oh I
bought the $10 they charge for that game
in the first place now they're doing
this kind of micro transaction yeah
that's how they're making money they
make money when they solve the game this
is Ronnie this is how they continue to
make money and they and they also give
us a ton of new free content new maps
are coming out characters are coming out
and with the sheer amount of hours that
I play this game hundreds of hours I'm
okay giving them a little bit of money
here in there and you know and and the
thing is you don't need to buy any of
these things it's all cosmetic it's just
skins right I felt like buying it
because I wanted them and I was able to
justify the purchase but it doesn't
change the game for you at all if you
don't buy them so well I'm fine I'm fine
with it
mostly because I got the skins if I was
medic so it's not the worst thing ever
that's them you're not buying the gun
that does more damage you're not buying
maps that you can't play otherwise it's
just your character looks different
here's my question I got a great sunyata
skin - yes our guys got some great skins
is I ready to skip this - just go like
get to a nice game we just quit yeah you
don't have to stick around you get extra
like experience for
for staying but you just go to leave
match okay yeah yeah just go right to
another one
all right so overwatch there they charge
you for the game 60 bucks 60 bucks for
now they charge you for this stuff yeah
what did Team Fortress 2 do wrong that
they got sir planted by something that's
charging money to do the same thing they
didn't do anything wrong they were just
around longer it just wasn't the new
hotness Team Fortress 2 did it almost
the same thing where you could buy you
know quote-unquote loot boxes but they
weren't actually free to play you know
which which was a huge boon to the
community and it's it was just a
question of time when did Team Fortress
2 come on 2006 like it was just an age
thing that game had been around forever
now this is they're selling like here's
what annoys me about this you're selling
a crate and not the actual items you
want right that's horseshit right that
is complete fucking horseshit yes and
even from a salesman standpoint if they
knew exactly what people were buying
they could tailor their next products to
what people were buying but the loot
boxes also mean that people are buying
more loot boxes that's a system designed
to exploit stupid people yes but smart
people know that you don't need any of
that
so for $60 you get the full game you get
all of the future DLCs you get all of
the future expansions can you buy an a
skin or whatever you want off of another
player yeah
Jack just admitted he's not smart people
I was eight like I said I was able to
justify my purchase the people who don't
have as much time in the game as me
might not be able to justify their
purpose but it's worth it for me got a
badass I got that badass Robo Zarya skin
with her cool mohawk hanging out the top
man and as azaria main that's what I was
hoping for
I need the cool new Zarya skin the cool
greaser diva skin awesome Justin bour he
says fuck I finally catch stream with J
and I'm late
hey Jay have you ever read the Freddy
vs. Jason versus ash comic that came out
around 2008 or so I was gone fun read
and I recommend checking it out what is
happening to that body and whatever so
Jason's in the house with you yeah I'm
gonna get out okay great no I have not
read that comic I'm aware of it but I've
never read it great Han Christ Crist I
guess no no that's Christ hey guys have
you seen Ken Russell's The Devil's it's
like a psychedelic fever dream with
possessed nuns and witch hunters I have
not watched it yet there was a movie
that was completely it's owned by I
think like Warner Brothers and they've
never made it available in the US on
home video since VHS but um but it's
never been released on DVD or blu-ray it
was a very like controversial movie very
like sacrilegious movie
oh but the streaming service shutter
somehow recently got it and so it's on
shudder oh and that's a service that I
have so eventually I need to watch it
but I have not yet that Ken Russell's a
weirdo you can also buy the skins with
gold like like 24 karat they only take
like doubloons
they don't take dollar bills they're
zingy
goldware sometimes you'll open a loupe
box and if you get a duplicate skin or
you'll just get gold drops and so
alright hold that you can get in the
game as well but it's all
microtransaction bullshit yep but it's
all it none of it changes the game and
that's the important part
Zac of the axes what horror movies would
you recommend for someone who loved
Hellraiser and Evil Dead also definitely
place space station 13 it is like Star
Trek meets the thing meets alien and
glorious 2d Dead Alive oh that's a fun
I'm talking to Evil Dead water - how do
you do undead Alive's are good okay
their lives gonna feel like he will let
do definitely no one's no one just
watches Evil Dead one even ones mine
even led to is where it's at though
everyone watches Evil Dead one after
they've already seen evil did I just
read watched Hellraiser 1 & 2 not too
long ago how do they hold up they are
quality movies great I would say
Nightbreed if you haven't seen it oh
look at this find the boat Oh find the
boat yes but do you gun down but you
know oh wait you have a Mac guy anyway
mm yeah I have met alright
oh okay so do you see earth above on the
map so it's like turn basically turn
around like on at the top of the map as
a bone okay
yes see that and somebody else needs gas
or you need to find gas but the boats
gonna need gas unless somebody already
put gas in it which I don't know how
likely that is behind you and on the map
yeah directly behind you what's behind
me the boat where the boat is Oh
side of that house just keep going north
oh right a little bit right to stop no
look at this straight yeah there you go
that's it now you're gonna find yourself
a boat there
the spot yeah you're gonna get so wet
Johnny's no Byron and like that I
thought it was done no you were you were
you did right but J made a face and so I
wanted to mention the phaser okay you
were right to move on because that was a
weird coming no I'm just tearing away
some yeah yeah Johnny sonnet says hello
Baumann it's good to see you old friend
I need to be debriefed by you I need to
be debriefed by you seriously though
thanks for all the fun content guys
great watches chooses you guys are great
question for Jay have you seen UFO
abduction 1989 it's also called the
McPherson tape and one of the earliest
found footage movies the news thought it
was real in the 90s Oh what am I
supposed to do here right bumper ok not
the trigger the bumper is the one in
front of the trigger yeah no god damn it
yeah hold it down is he be more keep
going huh I did hold it down I gotta
hold that down while holding the whole
circle you gotta go through the whole
snow I understand that um you have to
hold down a now left bumper it's right
god damn it let me see that now I'm
gonna do it okay so lb is left with left
bumper but it's lb and RB they go RV lb
lb lb you can't drive a car but I could
do that it's gonna be great when you
have to drive the boat
I hope we get on the boat oh come on get
by oh I want to find some gas
the gay oh there's a cabin there guess
you might have some yessing you know the
doors open someone's already been in
there probably but maybe they didn't
find the key is no I think I killed him
left the gas there that's true
no no sausage eh what's it like having
such a stylish beard Jack what's it like
having such a ball the head Wow rich
what's it like having a 12-inch penis
nice dark stop films the last J stream
was on the kick off of my area 48 hour
film challenge what was your favorite
and least favorite thing about doing 48
hour films favorite thing is when it was
done oh wait you you came from that
direction
turn around yeah oh yeah if if you don't
know 48 hour film challenge is the thing
where you you draw a genre out of a hat
and then you need to complete a film how
long does it have to be under seven or
eight minutes under straight yeah you
pull a genre a character and an object
yes a prop and those all have to be in
your movie to see you can't cheat yes a
guaranteed ask me a phone and whatnot
it's a guarantee that you write until
you you're supposed to write the script
make it edit it all within 48 hours
Oh what was that noise I don't know
take this Jason leaving I'm not sure
the the 48 hour film festival is a
really great thing but when you also
just make shit all the time like every
day is a 48 hour film yeah that's kind
of why we lost interest in doing it or
like we do this every day like and every
day is like a struggle to get out shit
as soon as possible and so the added
pressure of 48 hours doesn't really mean
a lot yes like in the age of Internet
creation 48 hour film festival doesn't
mean a whole lot but you know what it's
still a lot of fun it's it's fun it's a
fun excuse to make something if you are
looking for an excuse to make something
I highly recommend it I know oh right oh
you saw that that was creepy that's
creepy and like it he was in the doorway
house cool where's the other car at
maybe somebody dropped gas by the other
car that's way the fuck yeah I'm pretty
far from the car yeah check that house
is the house - yeah the one you're
heading to Yeah right I haven't been in
there yet but it's a lot of fun we we
came up with a big with a big hurdle for
the great space gym as there were too
many people involved in the writing
process yes that was that movies problem
I should probably close the door close
the fucking door you know everyone has
an idea and it's and by the way like
writing is really fun because you don't
have to worry about making anything oh
shit oh god is he here yeah he's here
fuck well he destroyed a generator in
the area not necessarily own house oh
well go back in time yeah
oh I thought he was at the house he's
close he's close enough for the
generator to be nearby up here we go
shit he's there he's there
I only got the ad not that one do you
know oh you got a pocketknife so he's a
good run away yeah plus he just swings
his axe at you
it's almost possibility that's true so
for the Great Space Jam writing is such
a fun time because you don't have to
worry about the constraints of making
anything you can just come up with fun
ideas and there were a lot of us there
and everyone had a fun idea
yep it was really fun to like riff off
of each other yeah we could do this but
it just was like endless there's like
what about this oh but then that leads
to something else really something else
and so it was finally like it's getting
late we're just gonna do the last idea
that we came up yes and that's what I
was so if you ever find yourself in a 48
hour film situation I recommend
assigning roles this person Damona is
almost gone don't turn that on no this
person is the writer this person is the
director this person is the actor yeah
assigned roles it'll make things go a
lot smoother yes Justin Voorhees is what
are your thoughts on Wonder Woman a DC
movie finally getting good reviews did
they finally get their shit together
Justice League get the shit train back
on track yes No well no matter how good
Wonder Woman is and I haven't seen it
yet but if it's really good that's great
but then you still got Justice League
looming over and you know what like a
storm cloud no matter what Joss Whedon
does in the in the reshoots and editing
it's not going to get rid of Zack
Snyder's style yes and that's gonna be
the big problem and you know what even
like Wonder Woman or wait T J stop
moving if you have gas we got a
propeller on this boat
you know gas screw you oh shit shit
Ronnie Ronnie Michael after her run
maybe he's going out there so and even
like the good reviews I'm hearing about
Wonder Woman is comparing it to like
some of the lesser Marvel movies or it's
like oh it's competent its competent and
it has kind of a weak third act like
early Marvel oh my god like every Marvel
movie oh well that's good the right
basically like every other DC movie has
has tripped over shoelaces after hitting
the ball and Wonder Woman got to second
base we're like hey Wonder Woman
stop moving build your stamina whoo
shotgun that would be great for getting
away if you can hit them you can do it J
I believe in you drive me to the door
aim at the door how many second he comes
out the door you know he's stopping at
the door how do you know it
are you just saying yes okay oh oh you
got lucky oh you went after someone else
no rotten tomatoes is not just the
percentage of critics that like to film
like Rotten Tomatoes is an aggregator of
critics and user generated reviews a
movie here's the thing you got to
realize about Rotten Tomatoes a a movie
with a rotten tomato score 100% yeah
could have 100% reviews that are all 60%
yes every of every individual review
could be like whose fine it's fine
it was fine it was fine it was 93
percent on Rotten Tomatoes yeah it's an
aggregator that's how it works
it's a percentage of reviews that scored
over 60%
interesting I guess I've never really
thought about the math of rotten
tomatoes tonight oh she's running I
should probably run too
that's that's probably a really good
idea I'm running faster than you Oh
maybe he'll go for her this is not
looking good no no they're saying
barbershop three case in point there was
a third barbershop movie it apparently
has a really good Rotten Tomatoes score
and that's probably why yeah exactly
right and you know like it's it's just
an aggregator it's true it's just a
collection of people's thoughts it
doesn't necessarily mean you will like
the movie or not bluster drugs I'm not
gonna read that because it sounds like a
twin peak spoiler you're not talking
about thank you but we appreciate your
typical pocket knife pocket knife get
that in there
what are you pressing no they go there
you go Oh whatever you check on my lost
property you drop your weapon when you
get grabbed oh that sucks you can pick
it up after use like stabbed in the neck
right I'd rather run away that's that's
the choice you really that's you're so
fucked
yeah now shit he's coming back you're
the only one laughing am I the only one
left
you get props J you're the sole survivor
here all right oh god damn it so sad we
didn't get to go on a boat adventure uh
you found that propeller I found it are
you done I'm done if anyone else yeah
I'll give it one more I'll give it one
more go
one ten thirty I don't know it's ten
thirty I want to give it one more go
maybe I'll get lucky and B Jason Jason
if not we'll do the same thing we did
last stream and I'll get in a tent and
wait for Jason to kill me in the tent
the off switch says in rogue one oh good
why didn't the are the Vedic use the
Force to grab the plans out of the
rebels hands he was in the same corridor
was he just overjoyed that he got to use
his laser sword he might fucking fan
wake yeah he might die for me for me he
might not have known they had the plans
he might have just enjoyed killing
people I don't know who cares who cares
not Captain Picard's check out this 18
second clip of start no I am God says hi
guys fantastic do you think dad stand Oh
Leona Sh dr. doom would dr. doom movie
stand alone no there's no there's no
standalone ish dr. doom movie would be
the franchise's best yet you could share
the two sides of the coin he's evil but
solves hunger etc I don't know enough
about dr. doom you can possibly make an
interesting dr. doom movie sure some
mood points you make a good Fantastic
Four movie right that's the thing yeah
once Doctor Doom is established as a
villain you could make a really
interesting because you know doctor
dooms like a leader of his own country
he's the kind of a dictator but it could
be a matter of Fame like Fantastic Four
is dumb
Fantastic Four is so fucking dumb and
dated oh no I like a fantastic I know
you hate them that's your own personal
bias there haven't done a good movie
that and that's true but like overall
Fantastic Four is hokey what did you
think of guardians of the galaxy before
was another I had no thoughts they say
nobody really thought about guardians of
the galaxy before and it was also hope
are you Jason gotten going back a tip I
know I asked for the way to convince me
to watch Stargate was through clips and
I skipped over that tip oh that was
called humor they brought up Stargate
again so the guy move on to the next one
real quick I know is not the time for me
to be checking out a clip though but I
see that I'll keep it in mind
darn sad says Jack I'm Jack have you
were rich seen Logan yet it's on iTunes
etc oh yeah and I do know that it is on
iTunes I have not had a museum Logan I'm
just not an x-men fan I don't have to be
I'm not an XML fan probably see it
sooner or later it's just a really great
movie not a rush I I am an expert fan
and I haven't seen it yet but I will I
will okay and no promises I recently saw
the trailer for Tommy Wiseau's best
friends oh yeah was a little concerned
when the first thing you see is a meme
but then it seemed to turn genuine your
thoughts
Tommy's self-aware haven't seen it I
don't think it's out yet I have no
interest in it I'm over Tommy Wiseau I'm
more interested in seeing the disaster
artist adaptation I think it's called
the masterpiece now if you use this
teleport you can see like the hotspots
and where they might be yeah
bow car phones an important one more
importantly there are people here I
thought they were here use your sense
look around you just misjudged right you
got it you got it you played you I don't
need to help you you've played games
before Jay frisk tus is Jay would you
say to Twin Peaks is I went and I read
the one I must have lost my spot or they
tipped twice
they tip twice because it's taking me so
long to get caught up with tips Oh God
yeah yeah nobody just we're just we're
just backed up I'm sorry lost in
technicolor says hey you guys it's not
alien covenant you guys were right who
cares
damn it every time Walter David
interacted too I was super interesting
that was the good stuff in the movie
Fassbender is fantastic wish he had more
to work with I wish that that whole
storyline was not in an alien movie
tired and sad says, Jay, have you heard
Marc Maron's interview with a Walter
Hill it's excellent
no I haven't I don't have to look that
up right budget Messiah says til Dan
O'Bannon author of the original alien
suffered from Crohn's disease an
inflammatory autoimmune condition that
affects the ball and it inspired the
chestburster in his screenplay yeah I've
heard I heard Crohn's is really bad yeah
Craig a nation says hey guys did any of
you see the movie colossal it's an
interesting take on the kaiju cage ooh
big hi June
big Japanese monster genre and directed
by the guy that did time crimes which is
also a great movie LOL arrow my Kevin
Bacon I don't think that is that movie
out I didn't think it was out yet Anne
Hathaway's in it I'm curious I want to
see it but I don't think it's an out and
it might be in limited theaters right
now but it's not on VOD or anything as
far as I know unless it just was added
recently but no I haven't seen it but I
want to Michael Cote CA says hey Jack J
and rich
thanks for the endless hours of
entertainment as always never got to
give a shout-out to J but thank you for
all the fun videos and like keep up the
good work you fucks hey thank you Frisco
Jones says hi J girlfriend and I finally
caught society over the holiday break we
will never be the same
anyone just says I watch society because
of you it just makes me laugh yes
shudder is the best $5 a month I've ever
spent
yeah shudders wonderful there's lots of
good stuff on there Dubey sandwiches
welcome Jay back in the episode 1 review
play cat aka Mike mentioned charmeuse
Lynch and Gilliam amongst exceptional
directors you and Mike sheriff favorite
directors or did he mention yours um
that was so long ago I don't remember I
think he asked me to give him a list of
directors yeah and you just and I just
yeah so I listed those people off some
of them were like ones that you know
that he had written down and then others
like you know Lynch and I think John
Waters is mentioned and so those are on
the list that I gave him from what I
remember
to be fair the matchmaking has my rank
in mind yeah so I'm handling my own yeah
g-shot says hi
I watched the rogue 1 commentary laugh
so hard at the story of Canadian Jim six
year old and the Duracell commercial yes
look like an eye at the end J hope
you're enjoying Twin Peaks
seems like pure Lin Chi and weirdness
it's the best I'm loving it
I think the small circles are our knives
you can pick up ether knives but right
with down on the d-pad you can set a
trap you only have three like if you put
a trap outside a window and they go out
the window they'll they'll get snared
that means they call the police
mr. ball says hey guys two questions
tonight tonight first when doing a
commentary track is it more fun if the
movie is good or bad if you guys enjoy
Lovecraft and if so what are your
favorite stories
thanks I think we just have to have
interesting things to say about the
movie more so than it being good or bad
yeah yeah even if it's a good movie we
might go on some weird tangent that
starts making a salt lay out so you
never know but I have not read much of
Lovecraft's where I can really comment
I've seen adaptations of Lovecraft stuff
but they actually reading Lovecraft I'm
not I think you're way over shooting
them I know my the map my ability to
judge a map is not this is your first
time as Jason and it's harder to play as
Jason that it was yeah yeah I feel very
directionless well someone's in there oh
there we go Jack is not so terrible at
killing teenagers I'm at like level 21
in this game and this is like the
seventh match Jack Jack has ever played
the first is Jason I don't know its
stock mode does the music that plays
when you get close to somebody yeah
doesn't play oh so they don't know
you're near yes okay
watches - says you guys were busy fixing
the stupid boat last time Jay have you
seen Macpherson tape very early funk
we eventually read it
JS around shockingly we get a large
number of letting fly Kaczynski see the
movies that made me cry this year the
Lego Batman movies Logan and guardians -
and now Wonder Woman's getting good
reviews I guess we all have to look
forward to superhero movies in the
theater yes or just make good movies
tired sad says J or maybe rich is there
a movie on half in the bag that you've
grown to like more after giving it a
negative review I haven't been on that
many so there's not many opportunities
for me to do this you haven't grown more
affectionate towards amazing spider-man
- no I have not um no definitely not one
that I've given a negative review
there's been somewhere I've given it a
positive review but it's sort of like a
mad positive and I've grown to like it
more over time like it follows I love it
follows but no nothing I've given a
negative review that I've changed my
mind on what has a weapon get up Jason
there's people upstairs I think and
they'll be relatively trapped
garum the noise things were looks high
that doesn't lock
BAM
oh yeah you go fast in the water right
for some weird reason this Jason I know
in particular is supposed to have fast
water they have different stats that
know you missed him alright when they
turn red you can do it oh no son of a
bitch
I should have just kept hacking at him
there really shouldn't be all that blood
spurting not a Jason at this point there
is this is zombie Jason you hit him
enough while he's weak any odds are he
does not have a second pocket knife he's
gonna be they run around on this tree
just pick a side that you're faster than
him right now
get him in the water nah he's telling me
to grab him Oh son of a bitch why can't
I get him there we go now he was
taunting me to grab him which meant that
he did have another pocketknife this
Jason is really hard to play as I
oh really do the different jason's acts
differently yep ah oh shit
Jason three might be the best apart
three Jason whoa yeah yeah
I'm fond of its six-six isn't bad to
play us they're all going towards the
cops you know they think they're being
sneaky which way the cops from where you
are where I was Dan where's your ma'am
no ma'am no oh you missed them we've got
you Nikki
it's six faster I think six has a better
shift this shift doesn't appear to last
very long
goddamn it you're so slow
jason-3 actually has a jogging speed oh
yeah yeah oh he's he's unbearably slow
which I get it is like that's the point
but I think Jason in part three does run
a little bit at certain points in the
movie I think the end of the movies your
unknown around it probably they probably
tweak them based on how the Jason acted
in that movie yes which is great like I
like the attention to detail on this
they're taunting you the fucking
taunting you Jay want you to get shot by
the cops
well there's still one left Jack my
first time when I played is Jason yeah I
killed literally nobody literally nobody
all right I got one kill spell I'll take
that
hello oh I'm sorry I'm sorry
okay caught on a fence that doesn't
count I got caught on a fence oh they
all got away maybe someone bit me
because I'm still here I guess the game
still going yeah
who's left shadow elite five cents I
have a prediction that Justice League
movie will flock so bad probably said
flock people will flock to the theater
for it maybe movies with a bunch of
heroes supposed to have a balance
structure this movie will not always
enjoy your stream the Avengers did it
alright you know yeah it will seem like
the original x-men movies it's hard to
say with this Justice League it's still
pretty far out so well I just have no
faith in DC their movies that's the
issue not not that it's a team movie
well it's not DC so much is just that
Zack Snyder right like this one or on
movies getting good reviews how do I
track them down that's not the place you
wanted to do it fucking Tommy Jarvis
fucking Tommy Jarvis
but that machete seems to really suck
right Wow better machete nope well you
plays the different Jason that has a
different weapon right where do you
going Tommy do you not know about the
cops hey he just wants to kill you say
this I think he's fuckin with you I
think he's just purely being a dirtbag
oh hello in the water I may roam cuz I
fast why can you move fast in the water
that's weird gameplay balance reasons ok
Jason slow wood gives him some way to
get around mhm well this does - I just
want all Evil Dead vision
tired and sad since avatar 2 bombs well
Cameron stick with finishing his 9 other
avatar sequels work on something
interesting I think the problem is that
at least a couple of them he's filming
at the same time right like I think 2 in
at least 2 & 3 he's filming together and
then 4 will be like a year later with
that why haven't they done it once
kiss Cameron's a weirdo perfectionist I
don't know
I think he mists his window because
nobody cares about avatar anymore wait
wait
rage bow just hit aim just hit a WoW yet
you get more Jason gets more powerful as
the game goes on
ah once that that icon in the top left
is red yeah we could just walk through
doors with a oh that's great
yep you know what I was trying to bait
him out of a different window because
he's still back there apparently oh
there's a radio place I was trying to
get I you set a trap by a window in that
house and I was hoping to kind of get
him to go out the window and into my
trap hmm using some leaf strats
apparently still in this house you just
don't let me kill him
well I killed - Lisa killed someone fine
fine stream I'm gonna I'm gonna go hide
in a tent oh sure yeah yeah
you killed seven more people than
Freddie did and Freddy vs. Jason Freddie
kills one person in Freddy vs. Jason
really yeah Jason kills all the rest oh
that was the whole story though cuz he
wanted to be back into a position where
he could right thing right you know was
it you I've never met a dream was he
killed him what he's like in reality he
killed someone in the dream I'm trying
to remember who he kills did they do
like a creative nightmare style deaths
just a head
oh yeah it's it's there's the guy in the
bathroom and Freddy makes like these
weird eel creatures come out of the
floor and like attach to his legs and
then he sets him on fire but then it
gets to that point where he's using
Jason to kill people so they get more
scared and then I guess that point where
Fred he's about to kill people and then
Jason kills him and then he gets jealous
yeah the Jason's killing people it's
everything you could want in a Freddy
vs. Jason movie actually hope or not
Jason
oh I already picked somebody a shit oh
you know what
cuz I'm the girl that's good it's all
shadows right I'll just have to restart
how does have to restart
oh she's bad for doing me if I want to
unless we're Jason again oh okay then
I'll just play it fuck why not sure why
not
nope nope all right we're gonna restart
just to get somebody who shit no go down
one more Jesus now what does that do to
the other people that are playing if you
just leave the game there's more my
survivor you just disappear I I think
you leave a corpse behind but I'm not
sure okay
I'm a tubby guy
so now you're just heading straight for
the I'm gonna find a tent and we're just
gonna hang out Oh God all right all
right
congratulations depress the pressure was
building but I was Jason you were Jason
and there's no pausing right there's no
pausing in games like this we're gonna
wait the tent this you just want to get
the subs in here
uh well much like well with the sub to
see if this match even starts with three
oh my god how awful
we are Reed evil we already saw a tenth
kill oh did we yeah did you see J saw
the 10th kill oh oh yeah that was like
an advanced stream at the beginning and
remember we can't we can't see the
subscribers until unless we see it on
that we can't do our fun thing unless we
see it on that computer alright yeah no
but you're Jason oh and you have an axe
your axe Jason this is part three Jason
oh well now you have to play Jason yes
absolutely so take it did you catch up
on tip what a horrible circumstance to
be Jason nobody around there's nobody in
this game oh that's right it's just like
three pieces three people mr. Jason
Jason come on his neck is weird well
yeah he's Jason he's he's he's a mutant
right he was born deformed that was the
whole that was the whole point that's
the whole thing yeah picked on at camp
although the timeline really doesn't
make any sense
no in what way uh well he is picked on
at camp and then he drowns because the
counselors aren't paying attention to
him right off like fuckin or something X
yes yeah
and so's mom comes back because he
drowned and died and she you know exalts
her revenge
but then at the very end of the movie
tiny Jason even though this was like 20
years ago that this happened the may the
the survivor girl from the first movie
she's out in the boat she's killed
Jason's mom then Jason that age Jason
jumps out of the water and pulls her
under and it's like oh was it a dream
and if it wasn't a dream he's still out
there and then in the second movie he's
full-grown Jason
apparently he survived drowning but he
lived in a shack in the woods why did he
never make any attempts to find his mom
well have you ever saw very good Mel
Gibson movie Forever Young no that will
answer all your questions so basically
what what the idea is is that if you get
into some sort of cryostasis like extra
cold stasis you will come out of that
stasis the same age as you went in but
then due to cellular rapid degeneration
you will actually aged at an exponential
rate
but it's revealed in the second movie
that he's been living in a shack in the
woods for years well but what you're not
what you what you failed to keep in mind
here is that the lake is probably cold
right so he was in the lake for a long
time which held him in a cryostasis
state then he rapidly aged and lived in
a shack but boom did it uh-huh but but
why did he never make any attempt to
reconnect with his mom because he was at
the bottom of the lake first he couldn't
he couldn't because he was at the bomb
but no he he was living in a shack while
his mom was killing people in the first
movie though they they overlap oh well
oh so maybe he went after he got on the
lake because of the cryostasis yes he
was a kid and he went to the shack but
his mom was busy killing people so he
just thought his mom left him so he went
back in the lake just happened on the
counselor and then back to the shack it
was a whole it was a whole thing okay it
makes perfect sense I
understand now Jack's powers are real
yes is that the planet forever young hey
well I you know what I might be getting
the name wrong but I think that's the
planet forever young I know it fits the
Mel Gibson movie I know you're talking
about he was like a pilot yeah yeah and
then he would I got this written by JJ
Abrams who directed I can't believe
there is a connection there that was
amazing holy fuck today amazing well we
can't top that
no no that's the end right there yeah
holy crap
Wow I I need people to know that I was
not like checking IMDB for Friday the
13th references I just remember seeing
Forever Young holy crap I do have
superpowers apparently you know they've
been like 13 Friday the 13th movies sure
but how many of them are connected to
for every level up to apparently well it
also requires like I could have looked
at the IMDB for Forever Young and not
even like painting attention to the
director but I'm aware of who Steve
miner is most people wouldn't because
he's not like a famous director
know-it-all so like my whole like rant
about cryostasis and Forever Young
nothing to it was just a joke about
Friday the 13th so meeting to
foreveryoung in the first place should
not have happened
it's amazing that was pretty incredible
it's amazing and and I feel really good
about that all right here we go
here we go everybody this is the point
of the stream in which we thank all the
people who have subscribed to us during
this very stream much like Captain jerk
who says three months old and I get a
Jace dream thanks guys for the quality
entertainment looking forward to the e3
discussion I'm sure you guys are too oh
yeah when's e3 grave focus so rich Jack
Jo in carbonite thanks great star
Horrible's for twenty four fucking
months in a row i last 1984 slash s for
twenty four fucking months in a row dis
d 87 for twenty fucking months in a row
my rom says three is a magical number
what's so magic about losing money keep
it going to keep it going to magnificent
heck frauds VAR yar 77 for 16 months in
a row far er 77 says sweet 16 new hack
frauds keep up the wonderful work please
Fresno Bob says I finally get to resub
when J is on the stream possibly the
only person who will get my username
reference I did get it before you even
mentioned that it was a reference to
anything what is it
Fresno Bob it's a Escape from New York
reference oh yes that's uh it was an old
acquaintance of Snake Plissken was
Fresno bob was taken thirty two fucking
months in her own way colas for 32
fucking months in a row the off switch
for 17 months in a row
oh I can't use arrow oh no I can't use
arrows I can I use page two
you know don't have a mouse well I don't
not on my lap I don't have a mouse you
still hit buttons wait I was hitting
buttons the off switch says not sure
I'll keep on subscribing after rich
comes home to find Jack's severed head
on the dining room table in a 2000 word
thesis on Stargate written on the wall
in blood
until then I'm game it's gonna happen
sooner or later that's right Jesus
Christ
junk fuck no Chuck Fox says I am a dirty
cheater good night everybody
Chuck Fox that says that urban crisis
says thank you for all the content take
my free Amazon you love them nasty flop
for 21 fucking months in a row Jay will
you do me a favor and reach into that
bag in front of you and pull out an item
from that bag in front of you if you
could do that thank you
I don't want it I think other things
guys okay ready you get to read it write
what you want the honors know you can
you can just in the Worman 4:30
don't don't face it towards your face
good that's like a wily coyote okay okay
36 motherfucking months in a row flew
behind the TV all that time all the time
it's not working it's not working it's
not working
yawn the thing you need to be on are we
in the right scene
I had at work fine phew screams ago
rooms ago hold on I might not be in the
right scene we had a whole thing I think
we got to be a cam scene or something
right when that deal oh there it is it's
in the just game scene
there's the confetti no still not
working
shit well let's see the confetti great
we gotta fix the confetti it can't stop
no right can you turn it off no I can't
turn now Saul you know what I'll just go
over to that's that scene there we go
off and then it'll look like it's magic
yeah that'll be more funny this way all
right great hey thirty-six fucking
motherfucking months in a row that's
great says woo I finally made it to a
show chicken Mick burdock's
says I love my hack frauds low-tom says
six months six months holy moly
thank you guys for the half-year good
times yeah the al the Ali G show says
thank you for muting the others I hate
them more than Jason also I love you
guys claydol one Vladimir Lestrade says
I don't know what to do I don't know
what this will do but AIDS I'm not gonna
say like yeah cuz I like I don't want to
be a poor imitation of you that's the
thing they would be binstock they would
be pissed I'm not gonna do it that's why
I didn't that's why I won't your on w
I'm trying to figure out like world war
like World War 1 World War 2 that's one
two three four Oh like wandering like 27
billion won 12 billion six hundred
thousand three hundred million
well it's 123 trillion 456 million nope
oh I got it wrong five six seven eight
nine one zero it's 12 trillion 345
million six hundred seventy eight
thousand nine hundred and ten okay I
wouldn't say that way for fun right
there's way too much mental effort
that's what does world wars twelve
trillion 346 million six hundred seventy
eight thousand nine hundred ten say they
say hi okay great t3h numb or says take
my free subscription you damn dirty Apes
my no face for 12 months and roses look
at these prereq hats
yes budget Messiah for 12 months in a
row happy Anniversary you hack frauds
Jake basil says heart emoji heart emoji
or possibly but emoji but emoji or or
less than three less than three that's
the move on it's dumb napkin please
speed gear says hey guys glad to support
the stream crooked spiral says loving
this game keep up the great work guys
Theodore J hooker for 33 months in a row
says whooped how long 33 fucking there
once in a row there we go
DF d KF f1v says go Jay go that was mine
we're doing something in the game oh I
thought they were tell me to leave oh
well probably that soon yeah Mike chase
27 M cases thank God for Amazon Prime
we appreciate it PES freak a clockwork
Stalin
one fuckin months in a room ice bone
badger
four thirty four fucking months in a row
space come over thirty three fucking
months in a row machine gun funk for
thirteen months in a row since thirteen
months
Friday the thirteenth stream I'm drunk
so nobody joke rock on and side Bell who
says hey guys I am a law student and
always thought the rlm crew would make
great jurors ever serve on a jury nope
nope mmm not only that I have never been
summoned for jury duty
oh really they don't trust me stated my
half but I've never been put on a on a
jury I almost did once yeah yeah it's
like a depressing case
