Sep 17, 2017
Metroid: Samus Return
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/175946212
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/175990933
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7hzhtR_jB0E
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZIbTuvpWS6E
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/909494699391619072

[Part I]
ancient and chatty no no no we did not
I'm sick god dammit god dammit now
whatever we were playing last XCOM to oh
it's telling people are playing act no
it's telling people yeah it's some
people are playing XCOM - sorry everyone
we're playing metroid hopes up same as
for turns this is a remake of the
gameboy one yes I believe it's a remake
/ update of the the green screen returns
yes welcome we're still figuring out
stuff okay update and info successfully
updated great incoming everyone
complaining about no XCOM we asked you
guys before we started no just because
we started this tweet got sent out
oh sure yep yep and now everyone's gonna
well it's kind of understandable you
know what but you know shit happens man
that's that's really true shit
absolutely happens alright so talk about
the layout here yes I tried to balance
this with the DES and the two screens
can you get rid of the admin thing yeah
we figured you guys would want to see
hold on let me turn that down for us a
little bit we figured you guys would
want to see the main screen more than
the little screen because you know
that's where the stuff happens right mmm
that's where the stuff happens no this
looks great actually
alright yeah and yeah so part of the
reason why there was no stream on
Wednesday is because we had to move
locations
ah we are now actually back to our
original streaming room we had to be all
reset again ever so basically just shit
got messed up so we're back to the green
screen
we're back in our original streaming
room this is just story you don't care
about the stories yeah they might huh it
might so this takes place after the
first Metroid uh-huh
actually I think it doesn't it take
place after Super Metroid I don't know I
don't know so the this is recapping the
story of the first Metroid or or I think
maybe Super Metroid this is like when
they made the game they weren't thinking
about it taking place in afterwards they
were just remaking the game right and
then somebody came around after the fact
and they slap some bullshit story
elements on there is somebody like
alright let's let's take this Metroid
concept and we'll redo it yeah and it's
fair you know from a gameplay
perspective from a design perspective
it's effectively a reboot right ah yeah
so we had to move rooms and so we're
going back to the green screen I'm going
to reimagine the the overlay the overlay
that everybody likes we're gonna
reimagine the overlay and we are going
to change some things up a little bit so
things might be a little shaky here and
there but overall the Metroid Prime
games take place before Super Metroid
that might be true that's weird why why
watch me now no man I just don't know
shaky-cam here and there you're not
talking about the stream are you talking
like a movie our camera shouldn't be
shaking it's on a tripod if our camera
is shaking let us know how we feel about
the death of how you pronounce his name
Len Len Wayne Wayne wal the guy had made
co-created Wolverine oh you know what
that came up a few streams ago I I mean
he co-created Wolverine and also Swamp
Thing or yeah what's sad sad when
somebody who was beloved by people guys
but I'm not yeah it's one thing I'm not
just especially familiar with this work
personally yeah that's and that's my
that's my biggest problem is ok and the
all-new x-men not not an x-men guy right
like and all-new x-men I actually didn't
really care for that run I read a little
bit of it it got weird that was that was
the run where Scott Summers was having a
psychic affair with Emma Frost um on
Jean Grey and when Jean Grey found out
about it see the one who did the books
with Callisto Chris Claremont remind me
is that someone else
remind me was one of the other x-men
people wasn't good not a big x-men fan
look at that what about Bobby Heenan
did he pass Bobby the brain Heenan yeah
I I wouldn't be especially surprised
that the man has had horrible health
issues for years now no charge beam yet
the first time I'm hearing this
that Bobby Heenan Oh Bobby the brain
Heenan was one of them the evil managers
in old school eighties WWF or as you
kids would call it WWE as a kid I hated
him so much and I'd loved hating him he
was the weasel ha ha ha and then as an
adult oh I loved him so much he really
was the brain
that's that's the epitaph for Bobby the
brain Heenan for me when I was a kid he
called himself the brain but I knew he
was the weasel and then IIIi became an
adult and I knew people called him the
weasel but he was the break
way to go way to go man Dean Stanton
passed away I heard about that
yes Jonesy an alien I'm probably more
familiar with them as the other guy and
and repo man alright so this is this is
the Metroid this is the matroid isn't
quality oh you know so far they're just
introducing you to everything so far it
is a 2d Metroid game as shit as you know
you're running around I like this you
know you can kind of stand still and
shoot all around you can you're not
running shoot
yeah you don't run okay
why is mega man wearing yellow ah cuz
this is motherfucking Samus Sarah's open
up motherfucker
I think hob will be any good what's hob
hob hob it you'll be hob hob hmm I don't
know what that is rich which of the new
X come faction slash classes are your
favourite well let me tell you this I'm
still a fan of the old assault slash
Ranger class and my run through at home
of ex-con to war the chosen that is one
of the new features of war the chosen is
there's like a training center and you
can get you can get perks from outside
of that character's normal class so
right now I am rolling with a ranger who
has a genius-level IQ his will is
something like 55 or 52 was high and
he's got not a death from above and
serial he's a fucking beast I killed
like six aliens in one turn with him but
as far as the new classes I haven't
played around much with the Templars you
know I don't I don't even know what the
fuck to do with them I by the time I got
them it was I'm like late mid game right
now and I only got them just recently I
wasn't in a huge rush to get them I had
two other things I was worrying about in
game so I've got one and he's low level
and I don't really know what they're all
about yet
but just for the stealth the reapers are
neat yes yes Chad he is a Power Ranger
yes cereal cereal is the poke or if you
use it if you if you kill an enemy you
you get to keep shooting it doesn't it
doesn't count as a move if you get a
kill with your main weapon and with a
with that shotgun and a high crit I get
a lot of kills Sam misses a jack is
getting hit on purpose so he can see
Samus naked she lose her arm a little
help
oh I did not know that No so uh this has
it actually has a new system which is
this you see what that is that's a melee
attack it's it's a counter okay and so
every every once in a while an enemy
will flash and when they flash if you
hit the counter you smack them away and
auto aim at them okay and so I was
getting hit a lot because I was trying
to figure out her getting the timing
down to the timing for the counter
system okay and failing I was failing at
the timing for the counter system listen
if there's some zero suit samus I'm down
I'm down I was taking a look they have
something like I was thinking about
getting an amiibo they had a really cool
looking amiibo for her I don't have any
amiibos
give me once I assume she gets naked
because she does get naked in previous
games I thought well from naked I think
you're just talking about the skin type
costume I presume and isn't isn't that
just a separate costume that's not like
low health right well in in the old game
so no samus has like the zero suit which
is like her skin tight outfit under this
and so like when she dies sometimes her
her suit explodes revealing her skin
tight suit oh I thought that was just
like a separate suit you could wear I
didn't know that was that low health you
lose the no not at low health when you
die like it's like an animation it's
like two seconds Metroid is zero in
metroid zero mission there's a whole
section in the zero suit which is
frankly okay okay now I get why they
call it a zero suit by the way
why because she's not wearing the suit
oh it's a zero suit it's like a it's
like a no prize it's like an old-school
marvel no prize for if you don't know
back when comic books still have letter
sections they might still for all I know
but like old school you wrote to them if
you found like a continuity error
Stanley would send you a no prize for
your efforts which was literally no
prize it was an empty envelope
you know lisa has a no prize see rich
beads super metroid without dying once
that's why he didn't know I haven't
played Metroid in super metroids
probably been a decade or more since I
played Super Metroid oh sure yeah sure
save your progress yes please yes please
it's called the zero suit because that
suit was first showed in the game
metroid zero mission that's 5
that's a good game zero mission I like
that not a game for the Game Boy Advance
decent game Super Metroid is the best
snus game it's a very good game I won't
argue that at all
I'm me just me personally in my taste
I'm quite fond of super punch-out sure
nope nope nope nope nope nope not ready
for this yet a Link to the Past and is
better than Super Metroid I would agree
with that
did you see it yeah did you see the suit
I saw PC the zero suit oh it's so
amazing I've never seen a woman before
now you're getting it rich now you
understand can you can you get me into
the tips oh yes I know what's going on I
don't know wand out or something oh this
didn't happen last time or did it happen
Shamu
star citizen 3.0 shortly any thoughts um
um I'm interested but IIIi got some
ex-con that's just so shit comes out yes
am I supposed to enjoy anything if I
kind of keep rushing on to the next
things quickly as possible yeah I'm I'm
interested in it though
why wait are we talking about the
single-player portion or is that just
the multiplayer because I know they
separated it to two games now are they
both coming out
if you're the star citizen why wouldn't
you already play elite dangerous I
played around with a little bit like I
said eighty billion games are being
thrown in my face every day every single
fucking day there is there's new there's
new games that we must play we have to
play
no word on single-player yet alright
slightly less interested them
okay
son of a bitch
sound of a pause positing
nope
okay so I gotta get a stream tipped back
up pause life please thank you okay here
we go
I seen the road the Friday the 13th Road
map what is this they put out they put
out the all the things that they're
working on okay and and basically it's
like this is all the stuff we have
planned from now until like next summer
yeah and you know like the new map is in
there new characters new emotes no Jason
like all the stuff that they're working
on yeah and the order in which they will
be released
not necessarily dates right but rough
ideas and yeah it looks you know looks
all right looks like they're they're
working on stuff which is not here it is
here it is so the reason that stream
tipalert it didn't work is because we
needed to download the newest version of
it okay and there was no very easy way
in app to do that so we actually have to
go to the website get the new one we
need them we need we need the tips I'm
sorry I'm sorry
no no I'm what I'm saying is like I
would like stream tip alerter to have
that in app you know like that'd be him
that would be nice for us rich you
getting do for switch well you all know
how much I love playing first-person
shooters without a mouse and keyboard
snap and when I already have it on the
PC optionally with 4k well uh-huh grr
Geo
oh what will I do
Oh hmm that's a tall you know rich
that's a tough call there you know tough
tough old fuck you but rich do you play
Halo no it's not did someone hate
shooters with controllers someone said
that as a joke I don't know I'm not
convinced
I said that works it's portable you
fucking rich doesn't care about portable
games we've been through that come on
we've been through that Oh sort of a
bitch
everything's fine but you're going to
play destiny - on PC I'm more likely to
play on PC I gotta say I'm I'm not
particularly interested in the franchise
I'm one for destiny - oh yeah I'm not
particularly interested in mmo's nope
so I don't really give a shit about it
though the being able to play with a
keyboard mouse could only help that at
least puts me playing it in the
conceivable room mm-hmm
the universe I don't know didn't look
like anything special no it just looks
like guns I'm pretty sure that's not
necessarily horrible but it's not it's
not mouth-watering right that's the
thing that's the thing there's no I hear
like they have the I hear they have the
system down pat like if you are into
that kind of feed the beast MMO thingy
they do it the best but yeah that's not
anything I'm necessarily interested in
either all right we did it we're on the
17th right all right cool that's
something doom Oh II so yeah but but by
the way like not only is doom coming to
the switch Wolfenstein the new order
Wolfenstein - who's coming to the
switchin it's just like if you enjoy
playing these things with the controller
and on the go I'm very happy for you I'm
not against these things existing oh
right well no and you know the the
exciting thing for a lot of people who
are switch owners or you know fans of
the switch I just want to see a Nintendo
do well the the really exciting thing is
the amount of games that was announced
at this Nintendo Direct thing fucking
everything is coming to this way exactly
and so like that's like they are getting
the third-party developer support that
Nintendo has always needed but never had
before
well yes they did I'm older than you
Jack they the unit endlessly the king
oh well back in well I'm sorry through
the sniffs since since the well at 64
that's 1/8 that's that's kind of that's
when they famously lost square so since
the n64 they have needed third-party
support
can't do anything here it was the the
lack of a CD player that killed them and
they lost ground and since then it was
trying to get back and they never could
write PlayStation had clearly stolen
their audience their niche their crown
so it was it was just it was an exciting
uh it was an exciting Nintendo Direct
for people who owned a switch because
there's gonna be a ton of shit to play
man just a ton of shit which is great
and then every grandma bought a weed and
then they forgot about it two months
later doesn't matter they still bought
it they bought it gave them money it
didn't give them lasting money I'm 40
but they have the Pokemon machine for
that scan pulse it wasn't necessarily
beating out the PlayStation it was just
finding an entirely different audience
which is fine haha which is fine okay
don't like the 1990 Patrick Swayze film
ghost lovin I haven't watched it in a
while I might think it's too sappy now
there's entirely possible think it's too
sad at the time just like a story from a
ghost point of view oh I thought that
was fantastic
yep oh yeah it was great it was great
that oh that the who who's that actor
who played the bad guy in that he was
what a great weasel bad guy IRA ham he
was awesome I mean Whoopi Goldberg
obviously so you know I loved it shades
of Paul Reiser from aliens yeah yeah
just a little weasel dick that you know
classic training like ghost power
training montage yes for the record I am
a fan of
ghost alright let's read some tips
notchback
Fieros as good evening you heck frauds
my girlfriend Eliza and I are looking at
buying a house
any advice Jack you have any house
buying advice I do not have never bought
a house and it's been a while but you
know don't be afraid to don't be afraid
to look at something that is ugly but
structurally sound you can get a really
if you're willing to put some work into
it you can get good prices if it's ugly
but has a good foundation you know
that's that's in you know how do you
know if a house is a good foundation
inspectors you have to you know learn
befriend befriend some handymen also
that's a that's some other fine advice
befriend some handyman so why is the
foundation so important that's a very
expensive thing to fix and well not just
foundation but like you know stuff like
let's say the carpet is ugly as hell
yeah that's that's easy to replace
yeah let's say the the walls are a
little cracked drywall easy to replace
let's say the electrical is bad that's
gonna cost you something so watch out
for electrical issues yeah foundation
foundation issues you know and a good
inspector will check your foundation we
we had a guy when we were buying our
house he had this like neat little it
was like a temp it was like a infrared
temperature thing where he could read
the temperature in the foundation and if
if it flex you if it got really cold
inside the foundation he knew there was
moisture and then I was like oh neat
what a fun toy Jedi I understand that
the foundation is the the its foundation
if I get it I get it it's like the well
it's the motherboard of the house the
foundation yeah I just want to elaborate
oh yeah my a well Jack and you talking
about that more for the viewer yeah he
was drugged wrong up the content that's
great riches riches on on the ball but
ya know things like things like
electrical are
cost you an arm or leg and inspectors
are gonna be all up in your ass but
replacing some walls that maybe look
shitty not so hard
taken down drywall not so hard
repainting a few rooms is asbestos ever
an issue with private residences always
yeah always especially well it's not an
issue like let's say I have a specialist
in my house right now not an issue if
I'm trying to sell my house huge issue
right right and so if they're looking to
buy a house
yes asbestos can be a big issue but it
won't be for them because the seller
will have to take care of that
so the amiibo option has been unlocked I
don't have an immediately so you can't
sell a house if it has asbestos you can
but people aren't I'm sure there's some
sort of disclosure there's there's
something that'll that people and people
will be wary of that obviously and that
just means you're not gonna be able to
sell it for as much there's I'm sure
there's all sorts of logistical bullshit
and holy shit
Feridun 2772 or 2772 some people are
people are really anal about that you
know this one person is says I bought a
cast-iron skillet
finally last week I guess completely
changed how I cook oh do you guys have
any favorite recipes please be as
detailed as possible so I can try out
sometime I don't really have any recipes
yeah I'm not much help yeah especially
especially now on the diet it's just
it's all the same shit all the time so I
cannot I cannot be if any help to you
I'm sorry I'm sorry I know you cut I
know everyone comes to the video game
stream to learn about cooking recipes
but rich and I just aren't aren't your
fanciest thing I've cooked is yep yep
find some either decent sourdough or a
French bread baguette okay
but don't don't get just any crap you
find at a grocery store because grocery
stores don't have real french bread
anymore
they have that shit that's always soft
and I don't know what the fuck they put
in there to make it always soft but it
tastes like crap and you cut it like a
sub sandwich okay and kind of like a sub
sandwich toast it on pan that's on the
stove all right C toast the bread a
little butter grill up some some red
onions okay dice up some orange peppers
a little bit of quality deli cheese all
right I knew could just long enough to
melt the cheese delicious sounds
delicious
and I used to cook a lot fancier but
then I gained a bunch of weight so
that's just a sandwich rich I don't
clunk it's a fancy sandwich I love Mayo
but there's been huge flack against it
all of a sudden why I'm as great
all right Anana says hey dude stirs hi
you should really look at playing rayman
legends 3 player with Karen maybe Farah
with James it's adorable
great music art and mechanics it may not
be free but at least it's not DC online
no media plans I you know and I like
Rayman Origins oh wait no legends is the
one I like it's a new kind of Metroid
look at this thing which was the first
Raymond platformer was that origins or
legends probably just Raymond no it was
one of those is an origin 11 oh I mean
I'm sorry the first knew for the first
remake of the oh shit I don't know I'm
asking the chat rich obvious use
missiles after the culture okay I just
did
so just like a boss yeah probably mini
boss
hmm hi meat Tomic mousetrap says spent
all week trying to fix my PC there
should be a version of if you give a
mouse a cookie for computer hardware ha
ha ha I get that joke because I'm a
parent did you ever give him us a cookie
given us a biggie no oh it's it's a it's
a fun little children's book like an
early early early reader children's book
where if you give them also cookie he'll
want a glass of milk and if you get a
glass of milk you'll get this and if you
do this he'll do this and they end up
like going all around the city and then
it ends all back and and then if you
give him that the mouse will want a
cookie okay it's cute it's cute is what
it is
so it's the whole thing a circular the
whole thing is circular and you know
just forever like that song about the
hole in the bucket there's a hole in you
know dear liza dear liza soon most
people don't know that you don't think I
don't think but I could be wrong that's
enough everybody knows there's a hole in
my bucket the bucket
nobody knows the whole bucket saw rich
Henry fetch me some water there's a hole
in the bucket dear Liza Liza
there's a hole in the bucket Liza and
then the husband and the wife go back
and forth he can't fix all he can't fix
it he can't fetch her water because
there's a hole in the bucket she tells
him to fix the bucket he says he can't
fix the buck because he doesn't have a
straw or something one of the hallways
well cut some this is well I can't cut
some because the axe is too dull and it
goes around and around and around and
eventually well he can't because back
there bring a hole in the bucket yeah oh
yeah
Oh charge beam classic charge beam
what's wrong I just like seeing it oh I
just like seeing the stream to know that
you know the stream is happening no no
says hey Jack yo I found and picked up
the shotgun the shotgun and now I have
all right well don't use it okay
oh yes
thank is to says hijack enrich hi
greetings from rainy Singapore Singapore
what here's my monthly tip because I
don't watch on Twitch due to time zones
oh I know jack has seen the expanse I
have and I love the expense this rich
keep up the good work
well sound like Netflix or something by
now ah that's a good question I don't I
don't have the cable TV's season 1 might
be on Netflix
got them I got them eventually
OOP gobbledygook says rich please stop
saying mouse and keyboard the term Mouse
is offensive and could get you heat from
PETA yeah I mean you're right for your
rep thank you for saying something I've
been meaning to tell him that for years
now for your reputation sake refer to
your favorite input device as roller
clicker I like it roller quicker
my mom says I'm spitballing here and if
you know about spitballin ila jack this
idea will suck yeah yeah thanks to the
backhanded compliment damn yeah yeah I
know what have a couple of times a year
you guys do a lightning round night of
20 to 30 minute demos of crappy games we
suggest we've already done that we did
shovelware roulette we did we did the
the H dot IO pick a bunch of weirdo
games that was kind of fun yeah it was
all born eatin I'm gonna do it again we
almost did it once somewhat recently
right forgot what else came up but oh
maybe I think one of the diddly Kong
nights when we couldn't do that I
suggested you shovelware roulette did we
coming it's fine
yeah yeah no I'm perfectly down with
that again expecially if it's like
weirdo abstract arty like itchy Oh games
I'll play those all but all day long
those are weird man those make me feel
weird those make me feel weird in the
funny places epic Jason X 9006 epic
Jason rich and Jack yeah recently I
found a way to play doom using the
controller keyboard and mouse all at the
same time using pinnacle game profiler
and it works rather well also the fan
mods are great okay
other fan mods for doom no I know they
had their their built-in level editor
thing but I didn't know if there were
fan mods for doom
well new doom old doom there's 80
billion mods that might be what he's
referring to
that might be what he's probably it it's
very possible yeah yeah
but then would even need to say also the
fan mods are great because duh it's
exceedingly the long-lived
Hotspur on the chat saying am I in the
minority liking vanilla old doom
probably what I I loved old doom at the
time but like even setting aside
something like brutal doom or project
brutality setting those aside just just
the source ports with mouse look I would
have a very hard time going back to pure
vanilla no mods of any kind doom mmm I'd
have a very hard time going back sure
that's a new one
come you dick
great dickhead haven't played new doom
or old doom care to explain the appeal
shooting a whole bunch of monsters fast
fast-paced action gameplay well sounds
horrible doesn't have a generating
health okay quick question what's the
story what's what's the story like do
you run around like a headless chicken
with sixty other people getting one shot
in from behind
no what's the appeal I know I never
everybody every once in a while like on
Steam messages around Twitter people
like make sure they share with me the
latest updates to pub G and it's like
it's like it's like waving it's like
waving a crack pipe in front of an
addict and you people I'm done with pub
G and I keep I keep you know I you guys
keep me up to date on stuff and I don't
want to hear it
dick dick dick stick got him
huff hearted says good evening I I have
an update on those at-risk teens than
kept losing at NES games Jack ended up
being right sort of the they eventually
did okay but the lack of a tutorial made
it hard in the beginning mm-hmm
okay I'm not doing it dr. smoke trees
like I said there's a very small
possibility that when the new map comes
out I'll just take a look at the new map
do you really need a tutorial so I can
punch out punch out the fruit the
original it's not the most complicated
thing in the world what I'm what I'm
it's there's no possible way to view it
from a kid's standpoint because like a
kid nowadays rich they flip flappy bird
right like their idea of a game is very
different from what our idea of a game
is okay okay and and you know like you
technically don't need a tutorial but
remember we only we only had punch-out
that was the only game we had and so it
took us a while and we figured out all
the moves we figured out how to use all
the stars and the whatnot flappy bird
flapping Birds a thing that's the
flapping and burden shit
how else would you figure out that
select does the super punch the
instructions
all I'm saying is yeah you have to
understand it's it's just such you or
you have to be respectful of the fact
that it's a different time and and
they're the games that they have now are
so different now than the games we had
and we can't look down on them how old
were you when you first read the
instructions it frequently didn't
because like I said these I think I'm
right but I ever read the instructions
for punch-out like it's hard to remember
if I ever actually did but I know I
frequently never even bothered reading
the manuals but of course not you take
something like Mario and you really
don't even need that like Super Mario
Brothers Megaman though okay I'll say
this because I didn't I never read
instructions yeah and I was pretty young
when it came up Megaman yeah I didn't
know until the second game came out that
you could use the other robots powers
really I played the first Megaman just
normal Mega Buster only I did not know
that at first that I mean it was a
rental I didn't own it oh okay good like
man what's all the hype for this game
it's pretty hard games were expensive
and I was a kid it's not like I could
just run out and buy Megaman oh right
most most of my gaming even even into my
adulthood was from rentals oh sure
hey that's a lot of people
shit now you got red box for games it's
like a whole new world rich was renting
back in the day cost-effective yeah way
talk about after school on Friday you've
rent a game you get it for the weekend
it's three bucks no wait it was that's
something in a Blockbuster Video it's
like less than you can get for like a
but back then yo yeah depending on the
local the local video store the
mom-and-pop place oh yeah and some place
would have like a deal was like yeah
like you could have it for a week for
you know your Luck's right so you like
you could you could play a game in its
entirety for five dollars boom now I
mean you know what even now like I said
they have the the the red box game
rentals it's like a buck fifty a day to
rent a game now it's great I have no I I
have actually no idea how blockbusters
took over from the mom-and-pop places so
they used to be before blockbusters came
in there's like seven local mom-and-pop
places and then blockbuster ran them all
out yet they charge like five times as
much selection is how they got him on
yeah sure ah but but yeah I know they
had 80,000 copies at Blockbuster yeah oh
no I not cuz that but they had 80,000
copies of stuff people actually wanted
to watch the local mom-and-pop stores
had all the same movies blockbusters
just had more copies of them
blockbusters would have liked the new
release like one shelf dedicated nothing
but copies of that one movie yeah
the mom-and-pop store might have five
copies of it like ten or twelve if they
were a mom-and-pop store that was doing
well alright
pew pew pew
fuck you the decontamination with a cave
says have you seen that video someone
edited together of you guys it's a hat
FRA hack fraud life I have not madam
says doom reference stupid doom
reference stupid you can animus it was
also possible you're a referencing
suicide you're saying I have a shotgun
what should I do with it oh yeah I knew
you might have been a reference to load
up all the barrels doom it up or it
could have been I am I am making a
suicide joke right
so I erred on the side of caution I
think I was a that was an excellent
judgement call Rick yeah
all right Craig nation says hey guys
my friend recently made a Metroid
roguelike for steam called
a robot named fight I haven't played it
so I can't vouch for its quality but you
guys might dig it
keep up the good work you know I want to
say I added that to my steam wish list
recently because that that I saw that I
came across that in my feed and that did
look like something that I wanted to
play so that is cool that your friend
made that people make stuff
Jim doc says new Metroid dreams happen
sometimes and with Kevin Scott's caveat
caveats thank you what's next
new fzero new mother new balloon fight
what's y'all's favorite Metroid I love
the open endedness of zero mission I
never really played any of the handheld
ones but Super Metroid is fine yeah you
know a lot of love for a lot of for just
about all the Metroid's the the prime
series might be up there for me too I'll
tell you what that thanks I know this
about you that took Metroid to a whole
new level for me that was I really enjoy
that I'm gone with Super Metroid
that is totally Farish I hear your Super
Metroid and I don't necessarily disagree
I'm not as big a fan of prime for
obvious reasons control a first-person
shooter and it did it did have auto aim
though it did
lock-on targeting you know which made it
playable but you know and when you got
to 3 Metroid Prime 3 it was on the
it was on the Wii yeah and so they they
you know you could aim with didn't that
mid turning awkward no well there was
actually a separate button for turning
180 okay
okay and so you know you would turn 180
and then you could aim and turn 180 I
think it would have been better actually
if it had like a ninety degree turn
because sometimes you would just turn
around and stop looking at the thing you
know it wouldn't help you as much but
yeah that's that's that's my jam
you can play prime with a proper
keyboard and mouse with the dolphin
emulator it also runs better and has
better graphics what sounds fantastic
that sounds like something I would want
to try alright before that gets out of
control madam says Jack how's the diet
going any slips are still doing well ah
no slips no slips which I've felt really
good about last week if you remember I
talked about this the week before I had
kind of stagnated you know where it's
like you know my cheat day I go up and
then I gotta go back down again right
but I hadn't lost I hadn't gone below
198 yet
starting at 207 ish yeah and this week
again I stagnated at 198 and so
something is wrong with my intake and so
what I'm trying this week is you know
this is all part of the journey yeah so
you know you can't get you can't get
disheartened if if something does if you
know the diet doesn't work you just
change the diet a little bit I think I'm
actually not eating enough calories a
day yeah because the way my diet works
and this is the diet that I used you
know six years ago when I lost a ton of
weight and I'm going back to it is I eat
basically the exact same thing every
single day except for Saturday in which
I can eat anything yeah and my meal
includes lean protein vegetable and
beans
yeah but oh fuck oh fuck you first of
all but I had I'm actually foregoing
some of the beans because that's how I
ended my last diet mhm
and I think it's too premature to do
that for this diet and so I've added
more beans to my lunch okay
hoping that that one it adds fiber and
to UPS my calorie count so my body
doesn't freak out and not not lose any
of the weight Kevin I know what you're
going on about with all those beans but
I'm here with them yeah
every twice a week I've never smelled
anything funky in here it has not
happened but and by the way ya know it's
it's a lot of beans and it's a lot of
broccoli but you know you know it really
helps by the way if you are a person on
a diet who is worried about farts yeah
one if you get excessive gas vino works
great okay to go on a couple walks a day
and those farts just come out on the
logs and you know what step hard like
step hard on your walks you will work
those guys out notice one end to say
good luck with continuing to Christmas
I've been mirroring the effort and lost
11 pounds
hey nice I have recently been stirred
again trying to eat better okay that's
back on and just generally generally
yeah nothing living like hardcore just
better in general yeah less crap hey
that's something man yes less crap
that's something I want to talk about
subway so you want to talk about Subway
sandwiches it's not it's not perfect but
it's a healthier option relative to
fast-food minutes but wanted something
quick like I'll go to Subway absolutely
and what is it about Subway where the
quality of one subway can be like wildly
different from another subway yeah
McDonald's the
all the fucking same Burger King Wendy's
fucking cousin sub near here
yeah Jimmy Jones everyone you go to it
tastes the fucking same yeah subway it's
like rolling the fucking paradise
they don't have quality control with
their franchise management its subway I
agree I'm with you cuz there's a there's
a subway it's near me
that's near me and around the first Ron
when I first moved up here I went there
a lot because they were near me and they
weren't the best but they were very
close and like like a year or two ago I
discovered another subway it's a little
bit out of the way it is perfect every
fucking time
ah every fucking time but the other day
like like I would say like a week ago I
I went to that first subway that one
that's not quite as good as it was
nearby and was with Karen I wasn't let's
go here we're here I'm getting this
nearby anyway we'll go to Babylon sure
sure and I go to the bad one and the guy
behind the counter recognizes me Oh Oh
recognizes you in that way recognizes me
like is someone who used to go there I
haven't been into his shop for like a
year
Wow oh that's hilarious and he lays the
guilt on shut up he lays the guilt on
really thick so yesterday now we're
finally were front were caught up
yesterday I go to Subway yes and in part
because of the guilt trip I I went to
his subway no I did I did and I came
home yeah and I go to eat my sub it's
the stainless fucking bread I have ever
seen it's like a fucking brick that man
gave me a fucking brick sandwich I had
to throw 90% of it out it was just
fucking inedible what a dick oh why
don't you come here anymore come to my
sandwich shop it's failing for some
reason I can't figure out why though I
guess I'll save money and and you
yesterday's bread you know for one this
is why I stopped going here subway in
the firt law was never that bad before
and the other part of me thinking is is
that deliberate just to get back at me
for not going to his place for like a
year
no you would think you come back he
would want to give you the best fucking
sandwich of your life you think yeah he
gave me a brick
No
I was like if we didn't deliberately
well he just shot himself in the foot
because because in the guilt trip might
actually went there and I might have
gone there every now and then now I'm
never setting foot in that fucking place
again where's that damn it it's a tricky
boss you're saying just attack him
normally Jack okay no I thought oh I
thought you needed to wait until he
charged you and I had to counter him
first
oh well then fuck man Ritchie might be
watching let's fuck him do that shit to
me
yeah it's something any shit together
all right oh all right I'll get hey guys
don't worry I'll get this I'll get this
I mean I'm gonna look down at the ID
it's it's pretty lagless going to the TV
I've been watching it on the TV because
that's all that's how we're streaming
this it's pretty like less to the TV but
just in case I'm actually gonna watch it
on the 3ds here what's fun it might look
a little strange to you all at home
who is the most famous person you have
met rich how do we cut this what is what
what is the definition of meat like I
went to the TNG cast reunion so having
seen him live in person I guess
technically it's William Shatner and
Patrick Stewart it's not meeting for no
reason William Shatner was that the TNG
cast reunion
ah that's fine it was great it's great
no who's the who's alike and I'm gonna
say bye meat not just like shake their
hand and say hi like maybe he had at
least a small conversation with I guess
by default that's max landis oh ho sure
that's true there you go
and I was not there
I know my mother claimed to have once
run into Gene Siskel at a crosswalk in
downtown Chicago ah that's cool
Patton Oswalt I didn't meet him rich was
not there for this yeah I was not there
for that rich did not fly to Los Angeles
I say claim because she could have been
wrong about who it was I wasn't there I
can't verify this
I mean it's not impossible Cisco was
resident of Chicago it's see some nosy
Bert was sometimes Siskel was the other
one Tribune the Tribune yeah yeah yeah
um madam says a friend wanted to see it
I went with I got up to use the restroom
and our in while up I decided there are
better things I could be doing Wow
walked out it was the first time in my
life I walked out of a movie
yeah presumably well yeah I I've said
this before I desperately wanted to
during Attack of the Clones
but I didn't because I was with people
who got me in for free so it would have
been horribly rude
yeah but a lot of people seem to love
the new it yeah I've heard nothing but
positive things I've heard nothing but
positive things Mike and Jay had nice
things to say about it
yeah I don't know that it was love at
first sight but they had positive things
to say about it
Anonymous's what's the most absurd
gaming accessory you two had the power
glove you had a power yeah that's a
process was the right age and it was
useless absolutely useless so I had the
power glove and the I had power glove
and trackpad Forness a broken game genie
and rock bands set that ended up in the
dumpster all accessories ended up
useless oh rockband that's the fate of
most accessories rock band rock bands
something you had to know it was only
gonna be good for rock band yeah I would
that's how hey I don't even know how to
count that as an accessory like that's
that's just you know right and game
genie game genie I wouldn't call it
useless it did what it said right not a
game I love my game genie
got me to cheetah games is great
hey kid hey kid you have cheated games
yeah you do yeah you do yeah you fucking
do you want you want infinite life you
want infinite health yeah you want to be
the big bad boss you can be the big bad
boss come on kid person in the chat I'd
read your name but it scrolled up and
I'll spend the next 10 minutes looking
for your name no somebody mentioned like
one or two of the Halos has come out on
PC and I could play it with a keyboard
mouse oh right yeah here's here's the
reason I haven't played though and I'm
well aware they exist that a couple of
the Halo games I can play on PC I am
legitimately worried that I might
actually really like Halo ah
wait you're worried yes because if I
actually really like like oh good I love
this and then I can't play the rest of
them because they're you know controller
console Xbox exclusive sure okay all
right I want to play this series on so
that is why I have not tracked those
dumb hmm I guess that's fair I guess
rich you weird old man explain to me
what's weird about that how is that
weird yeah it is weird and we've talked
about that was that weird well we've
talked about this with other things
before you know like you you don't want
to watch Firefly because you don't want
to be left wanting more that's sensible
it's and it's just a disagreement in our
personalities where I am okay why why
why forbid yourself from something
you'll enjoy because then you might not
be able to enjoy another thing III would
not enjoy being left hanging though
right I don't enjoy being left hanging
right if I start a story I damn well
want that story to have a fuckin
resolution I don't want to be left
forever right I hate that that's how I
feel about it
no amount of saying it's about the
journey or whatever
we'll change my mind on that and you you
whoever you are you can enjoy whatever
you want you gonna you can enjoy your
unfinished stories because it's about
the journey or whatever I don't care
that's nothing to do with me though I'm
not saying you can't enjoy what you like
but rich why tell me I can't enjoy it I
just don't I don't get it cuz I want to
enjoy a rich it's not up to you is it
video games rich
it's about gameplay and Halo just looks
like another shooter to me it doesn't
look especially well they look special
I'll agree with you there I don't I
played halo I played the first day I
didn't think it was that special
I I had no like there was no special
love for me in that first Halo game it
is just kind of a generic like yeah you
know the aliens and there's aliens and
some other shit I understand that a lot
of people who didn't have gaming PCs it
was it was like their first or second
first-person shooter and to them it was
a revolution oh right yeah yeah I get
that but to me it looks like looks like
went to
yeah
check looks confused oh yeah I just
don't know what's going on with this
little statue thing and I didn't see use
the teleport station no not yet I wanna
see what's over here
mom says K which I've asked you about
animals ffs and more I just want you to
set jack up to yell doom it up
could you ask Jack what to do after
loading up his barrels if not I
appreciate your gentleman Ness so after
you load up your barrels you cock your
fucking shotgun yeah and then you do it
up your dooma dooma dooma dooma DUP and
if you had just said load up all of the
barrels in the first place
it would have been clearly obvious what
you were going for Oh Richard I missed a
step
the way you phrased it it sound like you
were pulling some kind of suicide prank
yes and that yeah so you load up all the
barrels you cock your fucking shotgun
and then rich I missed the most
important step to doom it up and shoot
him in the fucking face though the way
you had phrased it was essentially I've
loaded a gun what should I do with it
now right did you get it do you get
ice beam young man's game says rich and
Jack have you guys seen the trailer for
the shape of water it looks great
thought Sun gilma del Toro's work I have
not seen this trailer I have also not
seen this trailer but I'm excited
because I enjoyed guillermo del toro as
a director and well that's interesting
so if you can see on the little screen
you can change between a regular shot
and free shot I don't know why you
wouldn't want the free shot you like you
kind of always wants a free shot but
just by tapping the touchscreen right
you can change what kind of shot they
probably will contrive a reason for you
to want the other shot oh yeah it'll
probably charge up like panels but open
doors doesn't share it'll be something
maybe there's a memory type that's just
weak to the normal shot as opposed to
the freeze maybe they'll be like fire
enemies you freeze this nothing okay
there's nothing against the lava monster
Jack it just melts the ice just makes
steam or maybe they'll be ice monsters
where the ice bhima's were done to bail
you know then sure there's a way you can
do that where you would have a reason to
switch between them so look at that
okay this is classic Metroid now freeze
your enemies so you can jump off of them
can you kill them with the free shot
after the frozen that's a good question
right we're heading out of killable
enemy I don't
okay you have your reason oh let just
took a while but it probably took a lot
longer than the other one went oh break
us
maybe maybe rich okay that's fair we're
learning epic Jason X 9000 says in
today's news famous Sega character ecco
the dolphin was arrested today for
prostitution ring charges let me see it
okay he allegedly was seen transporting
two sixteen year olds across state line
for a more for immoral purposes fine
however you get fast from rich
Godley Vic says my first walk out on a
movie was Sister Act 2 in 1993 it's a
damn mouth sorry jack I know what's one
of your favorite felt like I controlled
my own destiny you know I guess in that
context sure on an unrelated note fuck
Guinan and the Nexus in all caps fuck
Gaiden in the Nexus
yeah the Nexus was just stupid
all of generations was stupid oh that
Nexus I kept thinking you know like what
episode are you talking about but uh yep
there you go it's all about generations
yeah yeah I can be with you I can be
with you there
I'm not saying Whoopi Goldberg is
infallible I'm like Gaiden is a
character it's better counselor than
Troy is it's fucking it's fucking true
and you know it yes who does Picard go
to when he needs advice not the ship's
counselor it goes to his fucking
bartender so he goes to and he's not
wrong who uses Troy for advice like not
many people right
she comes off as being far wiser than
try ever does guided yeah true dad
well you unlimited Rockets on this or
something no I've under my health you
can see I've I currently have 35 Rockets
oh oh when you when you charged a gun
you can hit people off so no not on the
limited rockets but yeah there's plenty
of recharge stations and they never
explained why Q was afraid of Guinan
yeah they shouldn't have there's no
story they could have done with that
that wouldn't have been lame I agree
with her seven hundred percent that was
just a cute thing that was just like a
little hint at a backstory like Oh kind
and is old and why she even knows Q and
they have history right right sometimes
implied history is better than real
history read the Packers are losing they
need your support
okay I fully support the Packers losing
thanks rich I think that a hope I really
think that a have a lot of people
okay so see this so see you at the
bottom or for everyone if you look at
the little screen like right right above
right here there are apparently the
whole point of this game is just to kill
all the all the Metroid's which are now
like super like super metroids and i've
38 left and so it's just you know just
gonna go here kill all the Metroid's and
like I like this this thing right here
it's like the egg sac that it came out
of and that's how you know you're
getting close to a boss battle and the
Super Metroid there's things you've been
spotting away yeah they seem less
dangerous than normal Metroid's yeah
they seemed easier to deal with a little
easier to deal with but they're like
beetle Metroid's they're they're
beetleborgs
how good are you at morph ball jumping
uh fairly good I'm sending the timings
different from game to game so if you're
good in one game you're not gonna be
good at it another oh no no it's how you
tell it usually the same scene I switch
to the other one
well it's frozen like that it's frozen
it's not moving anymore
why no metroid movie yet yellow babe
yellow dress babe with gun arm killing
all things montage and sunset ending
because of the super mario brothers
live-action movie and nintendo is
probably extremely reluctant at this
point to let some foreign film company
handle one of their highly valuable of
properties and putting it in hands and
putting it out of Nintendo's own control
right and they're not wrong because look
at the Super Mario Brothers movie they
kind of got fucked over
magi Johnson says have you heard of
divinity original sin - it's a new RPG
with many play styles fun turn-based
combat voice-acted branching dialogue
and local co-op up to four players check
it out I heard the name I I know very
very little about it and turn-based
combat that that could mean like XCOM
that could mean like Master of Orion or
that could mean some garbage like Final
Fantasy where you just take turns
thrashing at each other until one of you
dies ah no no spider ball Trek this time
it's just cling to any wall some turn
bays come could mean a lot of different
things I need more to go on
Master of Orion is 4x
it is also turn-based now you gonna tell
me Master of Orion is not a turn-based
strategy game it is also a 4x game but
it is clearly turn-based
it is rich not like the turn-based games
I'm saying they're not all identical and
just proclaiming it turn-based doesn't
necessarily tell you all of that much
yeah
and you know going back to the whole
Metroid thing the whole Metroid outfit
you made the Metroid movie thing right
so so Nintendo at one point you know
sold the rights to make a Mario Brothers
movie and it was a horrible flop and
nobody liked it and there have been
rumors speculations that Nintendo is
actually going to try again with the
Mario Brothers movie but go animate it
this time it's probably the smart way to
do it that's the safe call for anyone
who's excited about the possibility of a
Metroid movie if Nintendo does good in
the animated realm for Mario Brothers
they would probably do the same thing
with just about all their titles I don't
think that's the right call because I
think Metroid live-action would be
fucking bad-ass do it in the style of
Dredd
hmm you know like just may you know make
her quiet and and badass but it's not
gonna happen anytime soon you need that
you need to do something more than just
Samus running around a labyrinth though
it's like story-wise what the fuck do
you do with a Metroid game huh right
miss shooting monsters for two hours is
that enough no you make it a mystery you
make it a mystery it's so it's not just
shooting monsters it's it's also like
the first story of like discovering what
the what the metroids are and you know
okay okay so you know like you make it
slightly like horror horrified right
you basically you you swapped the role
of of who's ripping off who and make it
a bit of an alien
it's like essentially the entirety of
the game you know it would have to just
be like the final action scene you know
yeah you get little action scenes here
in there but you you condense the
entirety of the actual game to like a
ten-minute sequence yep of just running
through labyrinth is Right destroying
everything
now look no you don't give her a dumb
sidekick you give her like she's a
bounty hunter and it's her it's her
bounty to guide a group of scientists to
a planet right and like that's her
charge is to protect the scientists and
she'd go sideways or or she's just hired
she takes on the bounty to find the
space pirates who stole the thing
exactly what's the thing and then at
some point she finds out Oh what's a
Metroid oh this is why it's dangerous
and then she does need someone to talk
to and so like on the planet while
looking for the things at the Pirates
toll she comes across yeah yeah a group
of scientists that the Pirates also
kidnapped and I yeah like the thing
writes itself you would need a director
who would be willing to stand up to any
sort of corporate pressure and be like
hey we're going to make an action movie
like it's going to be geared towards
adults there's gonna be you know mm-hm
there's going to be alien guts in it and
it's gonna be awesome and guess what
that's not going to happen you need to
have the search take her to the planet
that's been completely ravaged by the
Metroid's and that thing is left a lie
yeah it would be awesome right you can
do it you could totally do it you can do
it very easily
it won't happen
all right
nobody the slightly out of order because
someone said somebody were just recently
talking about sure Sean says I saw a
streamer miss a 95% attack in divinity
original sin - so it's like XCOM so you
can tell it X come who what X come vet
is because they don't get upset about
that they expect it the 95 the 95% miss
yeah Lucas Ducas says have you ever seen
veep with Julia louis-dreyfus great show
and she K from space cop shows up as a
Secret Service agent from time to time
oh yeah I didn't know that oh good for
cheek' I haven't I haven't seen it I
know he's like a real actor GK yeah he's
been in shit
we're lucky to get him oh absolutely
commit see him 126 hello rich and Jack I
have two thoughts for a possible review
TMNT 1990 this movie still holds up
holds up in my opinion and life force
does not need an explanation
thanks also next best of the worst soon
thanks for all guys maybe thanks awhile
dad to these things so I don't know how
soon soon is we think it's a film
there's one in the can we film something
yeah we film something there's one in
the can and as far as review goes I know
I we were thrown arts my DS I agree that
TMNT 1990 probably holds up well
relatively speaking you're sure I could
see that I don't think I am strong
enough feeling wasn't on it myself to
want to do a review that's the question
yeah I don't know like it's is that's an
interesting movie that that's a movie
that that could that you could talk
about thank come here but I don't yeah
that's that you know what that'd be a
great one if when Freddie Williams comes
back cuz he's been he's been drawn so
many turtles like oh yeah yeah talk
about the turtles man he's working on
like dude he's doing covers for that
they're having a whole like TMNT
universe that he's drawing right now are
you what are you oh nice
what about watching all three original
tmht films
TMNT films and comparing them how first
ones good the second ones terrible
because parents suck and they couldn't
be violent and I haven't seen the third
one yeah no I mean was that ever even in
the theaters that was that just straight
to video you know that I don't remember
that being released in a theater
that's a great question rich and I have
I don't have the answer for you that is
a great question
all right um where we have now this is
Jack are your kids still clogging it up
or have they cleaned up their potty
mouths fair enough they are now testing
so much and every time they cuts I laugh
and I know it's terrible but no now they
know now they are good they are straight
up cussing and just just swearing
constantly mmm
as long as my wife is at home cuz they
know they know that mom doesn't like
cousin but like the other day I was
truck we were driving somewhere and so
someone made a bonehead move and I you
know like I had to swerve out of the way
on a honk the horn I didn't swear yeah I
was like ah like guy and they're like
what happened I was like oh that guy was
driving he was driving like a dingus
well you know just look not bad language
then I was like oh yeah pulled out in
front of and they're like oh okay
and then my youngest one goes fucking a
car and I I mean I startled I of course
laugh and he picks up on that and he
then he just starts going fucking house
fucking dog fuck entire fuck and this
fucking that and I love it I think it's
hilarious yeah I like a little kid
swearing is hilarious
but I worry about catching on at school
and you you being blamed that is the
worry that is exactly the worry what's
what's the puzzle here is there's this
fan that sucks in my bombs and I'm gonna
say that up you need to get up there
that I need to bomb up there that's what
I'm assuming if you know do you block
the wind can the bomb be behind you oh
that's a good girl let me see if maybe
I'm just overthinking this and oh yeah I
just bombed this no this is come back
later with a new power no no this is a
puzzle this is a puzzle I hope so
this t-this feels like a puzzle so I
hate about Metroid you find the thing
and then you gotta come back later and
basically re Explorer because you don't
remember where the things you couldn't
get yet
cards I find that frustrating and
annoying yeah no it doesn't look like
you blocked the wind
I'm trying to think see if there's a way
like I can I officially hate power up
gates power up gates yeah yeah
can you get bombs to blow up early by
like dropping enough of them or
something weird that's what I'm checking
know what if they're not getting sucked
into the fan just know then you just
drive a second one okay but it's not
like if you drop a third then the other
one instant you up despite the timer
nothing like that I don't think so oh
you know what maybe I gotta shoot it
with
Jack you can move those blocks somehow
move what blocks either the pink ones
are the gray one I'm not sure the pink
ones you get through with with these
bombs that I'm not worried about what
I'm thinking here is right above this
fan like right here or you know right
above where my ball is is there's a
block that I have to bomb to get through
oh yeah oh and you know what actually we
can confirm this yep
oh that's how we do it all right we have
a super power in this one where we can
uh yeah or we can see that's it okay
that's how you do it how does that do it
okay that's how that doesn't that's how
that does it there we go
more missiles need more missiles okay
there we go that's how you do it
everything's fine Namah says hey Lewan
is about crisp crazy religious aliens
who think that a space weapon they find
is a spiritual artifact that should
destroy earth the music / gameplay hold
it well and the story stands well on its
own if it's on PC that might not be a
bad like if I can get them all on PC I
would I would try it that might not be a
bad let's look back at the first Halo
game
you know hey we've heard about this halo
game before man is that a powerup down
there I think so we've heard the kids
talk about this halo game you get one on
two and PC but can I get three four and
five whatever other ones they're gonna
come out with on peace
I do not playing that shit with a
controller
all right urban crisis is a rush I
watched your wrath of the chosen stream
have you played any more off-camera
thoughts on new mechanics thanks to the
entertainment you guys I've planted a
lot more off-camera at this point it
took me a while to warm up to war of the
chosen and I'm still warming up to it
this I have some grievances like I have
I have mixed feelings about the fatigue
system and in XCOM uew and the original
non expanded XCOM - you could just have
one group of soldiers with you
that you bring on every mission kind of
you're 18 top players yeah Tap Dogs and
you can't really do that in war of the
chosen because if you bring your
soldiers I'm like one one to like a
couple missions in a row or one big
mission in a row uh-huh they will be too
tired and it becomes risky to bring them
on other missions sure so I I miss
running with some of my favorites every
mission well that's always that's that's
the negative the positive is yeah it
does add depth hmm like I have I now
have to actually manage a full roster
you can't rely I can't rely on as get
the big dogs one or two other ones case
someone's injured now I need I need to
work on having a somewhat full roster oh
okay I know that that's always been one
of the strongest points you've talked
about XCOM is that it does make you fall
in love it makes you fall in love with
the characters and the fatigue systems
attracts from that but you can't bring
those characters you love on every
mission so that is it is deeper but adds
tactical it adds depth to the game
the chosen themselves like the boss
characters mm-hmm conceptually I I don't
mind the fights with them as characters
they are so extraordinarily lame they
they they they bring the b-movie element
of it up to 11
it's so super fucking cheesy now with
those characters hmm I I hate them as
characters sure sure
though I don't mind what they do
gameplay wise okay this really tough
enemy that can show up on a mission nice
they need to shut up they needed to they
needed to not give them personalities
yeah and their speech should've all been
just an alien language you don't
understand and that would have gone a
long way towards solving any problems I
have with them but as characters I
despise them and those are my two major
thoughts on XCOM war the chosen which
I'm still playing through
those are those seem like good thoughts
though rich I seem like fine quality
thoughts make them sound like the sims
well with some reverb I mean you make it
sound like scary aliens sure but or
creepy aliens but you don't have to have
the fucking b-movie dialogue it's awful
it's fucking awful
the best story elements in XCOM are
always the ones that happened in your
own head right I remember
so they need to shut the fuck up hey
that's favorite I think that's a fair
critique
we getting a prereq episode on XCOM or
the chosen probably not I know jack
already didn't like X come to I don't I
don't think or the chosen is going to
change his mind it's it's tough because
like you know I I there's a lot that I
like about it I mean I I think you guys
know from the war the Troezen stream I
could spend all day playing dress-up
with those soldiers mm-hmm just all day
I would love that
rich did you like Anarchy shield Rijn
cosmetics that was one of the expansions
4x come to the anaphase children yeah no
I despise it they added a bunch of silly
Mad Max outfits and Mohawks and and you
you couldn't turn it off from them
sometimes randomly spawning in on new
soldiers you would find and so then you
have you know you there was like a
slider bar and you couldn't turn it off
completely though for whatever reason I
tried to turn it off completely and
every now and then I'd get a new soldier
had like a mohawk and a fucking football
shoulder pad with spikes on it for no
fucking reason get that shit out of my
ex job that you couldn't turn off yeah I
hated anarchist children huh yeah I
think I want to say didn't I give I gave
our sniper and our keys children stuff
and then we were really bummed because
we wanted to give her different pants
but because she had the top on yeah I
couldn't give her different pants there
was a lot of user made mods at the time
that were just normal military equipment
headsets and helmets and clothes and it
was all great and far better than
anything that was in a Turkey's children
which is all this just silly crap
a slider bar is not bad look if the
slider bar for the anarchy children's
outfit if you can turn it off completely
I wouldn't have minded so much but I
remember turning it off and you would
still get the fucking Mohawks
rich don't want no silly crap and his
alien invasion video games yeah I think
I think they had a pretty good tone to
start with XCOM mm-hmm why mess with
what ain't broken it wasn't necessarily
you know 100 percent serious I mean they
had little grey aliens crawling around
but at the same time it wasn't silly
b-movie right it was B movie but B movie
that kind of had the characters take
what was going on seriously
sure I'm the chosen by the special
people and I am honorbound to destroy
XCOM commander I will get you personally
in the character fucking shut up warp is
that you Worf is that you it's not just
were vowels all those characters
do I recommend getting the expansion
then I'm still into it let's think of
what I like about it oh they I'm having
issues with the time missions the time
dress the time missions there's less of
them by the way I can't like the time
missions in X time - originally okay at
the time I said I was kind of amazed how
they balanced it the time missions in
the vanilla on you know dlc x time -
yeah i was consistently finishing them
with like one turn left yeah and i was
amazing how well they balanced him
whenever i get a time mission and war of
the chosen I'm fucked
really yeah I there's no there's a like
an option in the menu to make the game
easier double the turn limits uh-huh
which I wouldn't want to double them
either but them's like either that or
can't finish them right
so I'm actually playing with all the
time limits doubled just so you can
finish this like I can finish those
missions yes oh and then and then you
probably feel like a schlub because
you're ending in so much time well
chance it's not time like you have two
minutes to finish it it's like timed in
the sense that you only get seven turns
to get to the objective yeah
and I I think what's going on is were
the chosen they have a new special
soldier as far as I know you can only
get one at a time I'm not sure about
that though I've only gotten one of the
Reapers and they're like a stealth unit
I think they want you to abuse them on
time missions it would be really
annoying if it were balanced the time
missions on me having to have this one
specific unit type okay I think that's
what they did and I kind of hate it that
would suck
it's gonna farm this little pop up guy
for help get the reaper perk of time
limits on reveal timer doesn't start
until you break and seal so then you
need the reaper soldier yeah that's
that's a terrible idea
but if you don't have a reaper what if
my reapers tired because there's fatigue
no and that a time mission comes up what
if it's early game and I haven't gotten
that perk yet I had AI basically some
really bad early games sure and were
they chosen because of the timer being
it's completely horribly balanced no but
you said it like overall you are liking
it more I don't know what I'm saying
more yet I know initially you I I mean
my initial thoughts where I said I'm not
sure I'm liking it
yeah I remember that well see what we'll
see how I feel in like another two weeks
it's been growing on me all the time
okay
no no rich it's a reaper order but works
on any soldiers alright well I don't
have it so fat lot of good it does make
and if being able to complete a time
mission relies on the RNG giving you
this one order you can use then I think
that's a terrible idea
I did find one of those orders that
reduces the time they're tired by 20% I
hit I haven't gotten a chance to use it
yet I'll be able to use the next in-game
mom

[Part II]
madam says does anyone at rlm like
whiskey tonight I'm drinking Nika Nika
whiskey's take stool pure malt it's
amazing and you should absolutely try it
maybe I'll send you a bottle and some
bubble gum for rich I've never seen
anyone here drinking straight whiskey
you might not be looking hard enough
I've seen the crystal had vodka floating
around hey Mike might have just been
drinking that on Friday just straight
whiskey also josh is a huge fan of
whiskey rattling exhales yes Jack
Metroid the movie needs to be like dread
Samus never removes the helmet make it
cutting-edge gender identity neutral and
it's reveal of the protagonist hmm
what's Julia Sweeney doing um yeah like
I I as a fan I would love that is is you
know do they do the classic metroid of
you know keep her in the suit you know
yeah you'd never be a bad astronaut the
same she's bad but she's a woman you
don't need oh no but I would want to do
the the reveal at the end like like you
don't see her you would do the whole
movie with her completely concealed in
that armor especially if it's not all
gonna be just an action scene if just
kind of like investigating the Metroid's
tip you can't do that you can't do that
I know first of all I know but I still a
little bit of me it would want it yeah
because right because like that's so
iconic and then you know at the end she
defeats the space pirates she defeats
the final Metroid just you know does the
classic take off the helmet blonde hair
blowing in the breeze right yeah that's
so iconic
rich had worked in dread dread has a
story that's all basically one action
scene and there's a difference between a
police helmet and a full clunky suit of
armor and if we're do if we're not doing
the gender-reveal then you also couldn't
have her talk during the movie and Dredd
talks during the movies like everyone
knows Samus is a woman example when you
were when I was seven and and at the end
of the game you find out she's a chick
that's a shocker so here he was that was
that was 30 years ago here's the
compromise right yeah the first 10
minutes keep her in the suit okay like
that oh that opening action scene she's
in the suit and it's mind-blowing and
it's epic right that the opening action
sequence then have her take off the
helmet and so we can still get that
iconic moment aren't we aren't we as a
society beyond the point where that
would be a big deal like she's woman
what's that that's a big deal it's just
iconic imagery okay okay it's not about
it being a big deal it's about like that
was a big deal and it's really pretty
imagery so whether we're over that as a
society it's not a question that I can
answer
didn't hate it didn't hate him with the
right blast but like I said imagery
that's the important part so that we do
that as the opening action sequence and
that's how we get around that I need to
trust that first jump and I'm not
trusting that first jump I know if I
said that was gobbledygook super said
that last 10 okay I think I might forgot
to read the name no she's guess I didn't
that was gobbledygook thank you el mozo
Grande says did you know that
then Yahtzee crow shop wants to
collaborate with you
if so recommendation for rich check out
fallout tactics it's old but a great
turn paced RPG lol pack my Jack I don't
know what we would do with a Yahtzee
I like ya see oh yeah like Yahtzee I
know I finally got around to watching a
couple people recommended that I check
out his his take on Sonic
what was his the new Sonic game mania
sonic mania because he spent most of the
review agreeing with many of richen eyes
points on the old Sonic game and as
someone who's gotten a lot of shit for
their opinions on the old Sonic games it
was really nice to hear someone agree
with me
that was really nice
here's here's how here's here's a why
I'm skeptical about him wanting to
collaborate he knows how to get a hold
of us it's not like our email or Twitter
or website is private information so you
know I'm sure in his head would that
comment was oh yeah wouldn't mind you
know chatting with those guys or
whatever but as far as him wanting to
collaborate you know there's a big
difference between like like saying oh
yeah those guys are fine alright right
and actually doing something because you
know he knows how to do that he's an
adult and he seen still is he still in
Australia probably because you know that
that that adds a whole lot of logistical
problems so kind of videos does Yahtzee
make video game reviews she'll zero
punctuation and short-form video game
reviews specifically kind of the kind of
a guy yeah edited series making his
points quickly yeah
and comically oh yeah yeah he's pretty
fun yeah I used to watch him all the
time I don't anymore just because enrich
and I've talked about this you know it's
hard to watch other reviews when you
also make reviews because you don't want
their opinions to bleed into your ideas
and Yahtzee is incredibly introverted
though see so am I so I could see a
collaboration man yeah see if he's
introverted and I am to be just sitting
there quietly well that's what that's
where I come I'll be there cuz I don't
give no fucks about nothing I'll talk to
anybody
yeah
no so obviously like we're open its and
our email is not a surprise
thank you
honest will you buddies play the South
Park fetcher fractured but whole game no
how did that know okay
more more coop damnit bunny maybe bring
the Canadians for for vol wrestling I
don't know what for ball wrestling is
not even a for all four versus all I
know I want to add whatever also its FV
ALL wrestling which I've not heard of
we're not sure what that's referencing
oh I think I know what you're talking
about there's a there's a new wrestling
game that looks a lot like a an NES
wrestling game okay that's good name Oh
free-for-all free that might be it
unless they're just talking about a an
old wrestling game but i okay okay
hey where did it tell me it wanted me to
go also rich Edlin lasts on a live
sequel movie probably up Jim doc says
rich with keyboard and mouse support
coming to Xbox one well you halo then
anything else you want to play without
having to use a gamepad Dino
see how good and how universal their
keyboard and mouse support is everyone
always says since the Xbox one people
say oh yeah no they're gonna give it
mouse and keyboard there get it done
it's coming there it's one of the update
and it's never happened it's never
happened so I'm skeptical they will
never do it and that was certainly never
even if they did it they would never
make it Universal because they don't
want a bunch of people whining cuz
they're getting their ass kicked in the
multiplayer all of a sudden with a
controller
w it's cheating they're you know most
keyboards they're cheating they're using
the right tools for the job control is
better but it's it's cheating when
people use keep our mouths cuz to beat
me so it'll never happen
fuck you
as in 1984 hey guys love the stream but
Metroid and Friday but haven't played
yet because of last Sunday stream of
starting Valley picked it up after
months of not playing and I'm addicted
again thanks reg stardew valley yeah I
could see that it's a you know what
that's a grower right there that's a
grower rich it's only the right tool if
you know how to use it properly I'm sure
that doesn't mean you the tool is only
useful if you know how to use it
properly that's true but I I still don't
want to use a hammer to open up my
iPhone I'm not I'm not using a
screwdriver to pounding nails is the
right tool for the right job and a
keyboard mouse is just a better tool for
aiming
I mean you can kind of I suppose you
could make yourself like turn the
screwdriver around and use like the
blunt parking kind of get that mail and
it's still not gonna be as good as a
hammer Jeff Schatz saying you look
miserable are you miserable who me yeah
oh no I'm just really into it sigh you
know I'm just I'm sorry that I'm not
engaging as much as I know right ah
these are games that I really enjoy and
this is a very enjoyable Metroid game I
understand if you if you like you know
classic Super Metroid this is where it's
at man this is where it's at so no I'm
just super into the game so sorry if I
if I look miserable or if I'm acting
unusually quiet I'm just just super into
Metroid you know that was my
concentration face you saw my
concentration face wait okay so where
were we what's going on what's happening
control key board can't wait I don't
believe we're done mice are better than
controllers repeat the same things
people are gonna get salty thirsty I
hate everything well they they ask me
questions they already know damn well
how I feel about them huh so I'm gonna
move on yeah
ivenn Lee since hey recently I was
playing the crash bandicoot remake
trilogy and have been enjoying it
I like linear platformers how do you
guys feel about crash and game remakes
thanks to the stream oh I I don't mind
game remakes at all like I'm a fan of
Ninja Gaiden but I will play a Ninja
Gaiden Sigma before I play the original
like Xbox versions of the game okay it
looks better
please basically the same fine yeah I've
nothing against remakes are fine and
yeah I like like crash it's not one of
my favorite games ever but I like the
crash games no I don't Crash Bandicoot I
I've never I've never much cared for
that crash of bandicoot games in a in an
era where people thought 3d platforming
had to move into exploration and the
Mario formula got read out so many times
it made you sick okay that the Mario 64
was a bad game I'm just saying there was
a time when every game felt like Mario
64 oh yeah
anything that wanted to be a platformer
and yet crash manages to make a 3d
platformer that actually felt like
platforming you can disagree and that's
fine yeah I'm just saying I'm I'm fond
of Crash Bandicoot
like Mario 64 had to almost completely
change its genre it was that the jumping
challenges became the the exploration
challenges and that's fine that was a
fine game I'm not saying it's bad game
yeah I'm just saying Crash Bandicoot in
3d still in some ways played like an
old-school platformer where the
challenges with doing the tough jumping
things sure I I never much cared for the
presentation you know running running
toward camera always felt really awkward
to me and again it was one of those
things that was more about memorization
than it was you know the ads for Crash
Bandicoot at the time it came out were
kind of obnoxious yeah booth Mario fuck
you man that obnoxious guy in the suit
that that doesn't reflect on the game
rush that's essentially what Crash
Bandicoot adds world yeah fuck you Mario
plumber yeah jackass suit
Nintendo had just as many of noxious
dick waving ads I'm I'm not going to
flat-out say you were wrong but I cannot
think of off the top of my head that I
know of any Nintendo ads that took a
direct shot at a competitor like like
naming names direct shot is there any
kind of Nintendo ad that says Sonic the
Hedgehog is stupid pants that so my name
the the direct comparison would be like
you know Genesis do what Nintendo not
right that's that's a good not intended
that's what yeah that's them directly
calling out yes as Nintendo ever done
that I'm not saying they haven't right I
can't think of an example though
uh smash brothers what did smash brother
what a smash brothers ad do let's let's
pretend I'm not and terribly familiar
with everything ever related to smash
brothers this the early smash brothers
ad was the Nintendo characters fighting
each other yeah it was like because they
were advertising a Nintendo fighting
game and it was like an adorable Pikachu
like a big stuff - Pikachu / like a
costume and it's tough to Mario and then
they started punching it yeah I don't I
mean there could be an ad where where
they did something but I'm not to mine
not to my memory did someone in a Mario
costume ever get on a camera and a
commercial and say Sonic the Hedgehog is
gay you know I just don't remember Sonic
so gay I'm where it's at yo that's kind
of what the crash bandicoot ads were I'm
so dumb but to get around this puzzle uh
I figured it out oh I'm the dumbest I'm
sorry I'm sorry it took me so long to
figure out how to get through that
what's that
sure people will send us some fine
lengths of some commercials I'm unaware
of and that's fine like I said I'm not
saying it has never happened
um moving on um somebody sent like a
link to something but we're in the
middle of a stream I can't chicken out
now tweeted a jack or something then he
can send me the link this is a bad time
to start watching that
saying there's an ad where a Nintendo ad
were Sony and Sega kidnap Mario but I
think I said there's something I am
completely unfamiliar with so moving up
Foley says hey guys I've been a longtime
fan what I'm forgetting but you're
familiar with the name and I'm
pronouncing it wrong know that it says
Naomi that's good okay
in regards to Metroid movie the movie
could have a guy on the comp subplot
that's interwove n' into samus action
plot the story gets an interesting angle
with action guy on the like me like
she's talking to somebody like me like
radio like like a handler she's a
solitary badass yeah who doesn't need
somebody telling her what to do or where
to go there there's okay let's let's say
you know were the writers and the studio
insists that she has someone to talk to
yeah how about how about a computer
voice like someone like her ship yeah
like an AI yeah not not someone who is
her handler or boss but like just
someone that she bounces ideas off okay
like a Jarvis how about that and then
that's someone that can go with her it's
in her helmet maybe maybe that could be
a like a character subplot is how how
lonely she is Samus is a badass yeah and
she is in control 100% 105
fuck stop it I guess that might sound a
little bit too much like something that
happened in Metroid Other M or something
people are saying no Adam again yeah oh
right right that was a big that was a
big problem in Metroid Other M I've
never played it oh god it sucks
I heard they III heard they did a lot to
hurt Samus as a character yes yes they
did the the big joke is like in usually
in a Metroid game you find the powerup
and then you can use the power yeah in
Metroid Other M she has all the
power-ups and won't until Adam gives her
the order that she can't heard about
that I heard about that
and so there's literally a point where
she can like burn her die in an acid and
she has acid armor yeah yeah and I'm
fond of that no it's dumb he'll stop it
okay so the reason that this little
platforming puzzle is taking so long is
when you're hanging off of a Ledge
if I just press up now mm-hmm I will I
will turn into a ball and go into this
little crevice and so I need to press
this way then go to this wall and not
press up but press that way but you know
like this joypad thing that I'm using
it's not the most precise thing in the
world so how about how about instead of
an AI partner you need Sam's to talk to
anybody she she has in tow with her one
of the scientists who worked at the
Metroid facility that got robbed only
they're there they're kind of
traumatized and she's having trouble
getting information out of her and she's
trying to get her to open up to it the
character like that maybe that's a
little too aliens
I don't mind ripping off aliens a bit
okay no and you know what is fair I get
like I I think that would be a really
tough line to ride because there's it's
it's obviously so influenced
stylistically by aliens if you just
start turning it into aliens I would
make it a girl too
that way
you don't have anybody bitching about
the ventral test oh and and Samus does
not need a love interest no yeah and
then you see you avoid you sidestep that
completely well as you can squint samus
is a lesbian yeah there's no winning
rich there's no winning there's never
any winning
what is the Hat
samus needs a love interest about as
much as Judge Dredd does yes and that
like the you know we'd be taking cues
from Dredd we'd be taking cues from Mad
Max we'd be taking Dredd did flop
I love Dredd I'm just pointing out a did
flop I you know III think that's a that
was a fault the fault of an advertiser
okay okay I think that movie was not
advertised properly I got played doubles
off the Kajaki no and I hear you and I
get that but like Dredd
fury road aliens slashes aliens like I
wish those together and you got the
makings and you've got the motherfucking
makings man which finally saw Dredd a
while ago now your ago more than a year
ago maybe I've seen I finally seemed to
read and we are all very excited would
you do the morph ball thing much in a
Samus movie more Falls kind of silly yes
it is its iconic its what you know Doom
had to have a first-person sequence oh
god the doom first-person sequence do
you do them more fall I wouldn't I just
wouldn't I would I would try not to
uh-huh I would try not to I agree with
you I would try not to how about this
here's here's my way to have our cake
and eat it too the morph ball isn't
samus okay it's a little scouting drone
she has somebody in the chat saying the
same thing chat I'd you know what I
think that's probably the best possible
outcome yeah morph ball so I think
she'll like take a couple pieces of
armor off and my boots are through and
like roll it and it'll be a little
scouting drone whoever said that in chat
you and me you and me is where we are
maybe they're just smaller everything
like handheld yes sighs yeah takes it
and rolls it goes and then you get a
little helmet view yeah yes she can
control it directly from her visor sees
with the ball seeing yep
done done done you're welcome everybody
we figured it out for you yeah okay Alex
in the eye says that gives her something
to talk to well that could be the AI -
yeah yeah that good fine Bouck Alex and
the ISIS I can see it Sam's plants a
bomb rolls into a ball aged extra tube
just before the ship explodes she stands
over the bizarre alien landscape pulls
off her helmet and it's Leslie Jones I
don't know why that's supposed to be
funny I was like a bad joke I mean it's
just like how Leslie Jones of salmon and
Joe and Ghostbusters you know Leslie
Jones was the best part
you know just a genuinely funny actress
I understand like it's just a joke on
bad casting but you know right
what Prizm says hey rich do a flip no I
would kill myself do a flip
so this said gobbledygook says Metroid
the movie just Samus and Metroid's no
characters just scene after scene of
face melting psychedelic cutting-edge
special-effects crazy monster fight
after monster fight fuck movies that be
terrible and you know it of course
that'd be terrible of course that would
be terrible
in mad even a fury road the movie that's
just a long car chase had a lot of
character stuff going on during the car
chase having during the car chase
during literally a two-hour long car
chase it's just the best fucking movie
ever rich Scarlett Johansson is samus
thoughts good casting I mean good
casting not the worst idea really good
casting yeah we're done and Scarlett
Johansson even though she's in
everything still it's good casting yeah
and you just you just need a director
who'd be able to kind of balance the
story in the action you know but yes
Carla chance is good
she had a saying played out and that
might be the only problem with it
otherwise I think it's actually a really
good decision yeah she's a fine actress
she can handle action
yeah prefer someone more spunky but
that's just made not for Sam yeah what's
funky funky one badass tough Samus is a
badass samus is dread she is a she she
is a fountain hunter
she is a silent space bounty hunter
Charlie's throne also not bad yeah yeah
not bad
do you see atomic blonde no I didn't
either supposed to be very well why do
you why did you bring this up because
Charlize Theron as a badass woman and so
I was like it's Charlize Theron were you
know like her carry her big character
defining role is just she's a giant
badass
Claudia black who did first game was
gonna be terrible of me to say
it's terrible good casting yeah she's
too old it's just a world if this were
mm yeah Farscape we're still fresh on TV
good casting okay know how samus need to
be a younger girl no no no no no samus
doesn't needs to be a young girl but she
can't be like over 50 uh there's like
samus I think could be anywhere from 20s
to maybe mid to late 30s even 40 like if
you're a young 40 it depends on how you
player but 20s late 30s what's she got a
plant in like ten years for about three
or four sequels
oh of course this is franchise all the
way it's a hell already
so I for the record I have not seen what
Claudia black looks like these days I'm
making some assumptions here that might
be wrong she couldn't still be totally
hot
I don't know that unless she was totally
hot back in first time she was just a
really good character she wasn't the hot
one which one which one is she in first
game the Aronson the former peacekeeper
the toughest nails soldier chick would
be the one they are suggesting to play
Samus and not the the earthy blue one
who meditated with him or the slutty one
you didn't get this far I didn't get it
you didn't get to the slutty one no I
didn't get there's a space slot that
joins the crew but now yes now that you
remind me who she is yes that would be
good casting back in the day she's very
open about being a space slut though
doesn't that bother her which one
surprised Chiana you know I don't think
you've got anywhere near that far from
that she's very open about being a space
slut don't slut shame I'm not smiling
I'm not saying there's any shame to it
ha ha ha ha in fact I think rich meant
it as a positive
so she's just open sexually Chiana don't
uh don't put your Puritan views on rich
you know he's a fine character even she
wouldn't that carriage wouldn't have
been my choice for samus no I'm just
saying it's obvious which one Claudia
black would be if we're talking about
casting samus
how about Rebecca Ferguson from the last
Mission Impossible movie I haven't seen
it I haven't seen
about a younger Kate Mulgrew
and now too much of a leader unless of a
she's not independent she she she's the
thinking lady she's not the badass like
she be she'd be the one to send Sam
aside she'd be the general to send Sam
is on the mission perfect to play a
captain it's just a shame that show was
written so poorly oh no I mean
such a shame that show was written
poorly Voyager yep Kate Mulgrew was
Captain Janeway for anybody who doesn't
know I mean Voyager was written very
poorly do not I do not blame the cast at
all no for the way they were written
they the the writers and producers of
Star Trek Voyager wasted the talent of a
fine actress just wasted it like Harry
Kim I'm something weighing I forget his
name on the show yeah like the lamest
non character ever I saw him at a Star
Trek convention once fun fun funny guy
good personality mm-hmm
they just had him playing the boring
shit wad because the writers were awful
Garrett Wang Thank You Chad told some
good stories was entertaining
on the show written written like a
personality void yeah
personality of void like that I like
that description
the producers hated Garret Wang so much
they wouldn't let him direct an episode
Oh
Neelix had personality and it wasn't a
good thing well he had the wrong
personnel yes he should not have been
written as the comic relief kind of like
it looked like the direction they were
going to take him with in the pilot he
should have been the streetwise one that
they couldn't fully trust you but they
kind of needed him he could have he was
the lovable Ferengi like that's how he
started no no I know a guy I know a guy
we double-cross them in a moment
yep if it were to serve his own ends of
course no it's just the boo yeah
white beats a simple answered simple
answer for metroid media just do a
Netflix anime style metroid thing like
castlevania anime thing on netflix
perfect format for it I think I think
live-action could work I get that's just
the whole thing isn't wandering around
the labyrinth you have to have what
happens before you get to the labyrinth
I'm what I'm just gonna say is not
having it be like an action anime not a
bad idea look up not a bad idea
I'm not saying an action anime wouldn't
work I'm just saying I think you could
pull off Metroid live action
oh really work no doubt live action live
action Metroid could 100% work Hondo
precent ohh
fuck you
Dominic says Metroid the movie no
dialogue no actors helmet reveal at end
scene is behind shoulder no face yes
convinced any actress to do that movie
now visually narrative adventure created
entirely by CG AI ah yes
make a movie through artificial
intelligence I love it or do the captain
and mother brain cast Tyler Perry Wow
do you remember mother brain and captain
in oh yeah she was like a SATs talking
old lady right it's like I'm assuming
that came out after Little Shop of
Horrors the 80s version go because it's
basically mother brain in Captain n is
essentially Audrey to the throat a sassy
black man who can't move it is large the
same character
there
dr. Liu it up says hi rich in Jack hello
I've been playing Donkey Kong Country at
least once a year since its release 20
odd years ago what classic game do you
frequently go back to thanks for all the
hours of fun
doom those it's it's always unlike the
source poor it's not like the classic
vanilla do them but you know it's doom
is the one I end up going back to most
often I don't know if I'd go back to
classic games Master of Orion 2 though
cuz that I do play the vanilla version
oh ok
I mean I suppose every once in a while
I'll just boot up like a SNES game and
you know like with my kids but there's
nothing that I just go back to you
because I feel like I have to want to
what about you want to I've been playing
a lot of Team Fortress 2 that I don't
know if it was a classic game I mean it
is but you know not in the same not in
the same way as y'all's be talking about
I wouldn't mind firing up the original
MechWarrior again but I haven't found a
version of that game that that could run
on any kind of modern computer any years
oh that was dumb
I'm not good enough at the dosbox to get
that thing to run mm-hmm dos box is a
DOS emulator for modern computers I
don't explain it nothing when I say
sometimes it's a trend I need to come
back you know that's Farage I just say
that out of the blue and I and I'm gonna
watch it later and I'm like why didn't I
explain what DOSBox was there's probably
something you said to us box and
everyone's like what's this some people
don't know what a tosspot
I like Halo what's dos you say I mean
listen sometimes it's like you don't
need to make fun of Halo fans and just
for like I don't know what Dawson's like
you know you can like there's perfectly
good reasons to make fun of Halo fans
whose Bush Kimber
well don't go back
so that's what's going on it looks like
you're in the same fucking hallway as
you were when the stream started oh
that's fair there's this thing uh-huh
and I thought it was like a super prize
but I ran into it last time and it
killed me okay okay so it is not a super
prize
all right so the gimmick here is you got
to be running from body of water to body
of water there's water somewhere up
ahead probably right under you bomb and
fall to get money
damn it I'll bet you there's water under
there
hmm it's very bit
is this just a prettier version of Super
Metroid and that Super Metroid
technically this is a OSR it's a
prettier version of Sam Metroid - Samus
returns for the Gameboy not the Game Boy
Advance
not the Gameboy Color no the Gameboy the
the original the the official sequel to
the firt the NES Metroid game came out
for the Gameboy I'm gonna go see what's
over here first so one of the chats
saying not prettier yeah um sometimes 2d
games done in 3d graphics tend to look
ugly this might be one of them
wait the way all those things you're
standing on look it's just blocky and
awful you know maybe I like like how the
Samus looks
I'm down with how Samus looks you never
read my tip said you were going to go
back to it later but going to bed soon
much love no idea what you're talking
about because you're anonymous mm-hmm
and I don't remember at any point
tonight saying I was going to go back
and read something unless you're the
shotgun guy which point we kind of
understand what you said and we had Jack
say the thing so I'm not sure what
you're complaining about
graphics are fine for portable games
that may well be this would probably
look better though it's some really like
nice 2d sprite animation I don't know
I'm just saying you just saying a lot of
rich I'll take I'll take pretty
well-done sprites over kind of blah 3d
in my side scrollers sure I'll I'll take
Megaman X 1 through what do they stop
doing to be like 4 or 5 over like Mega
Man powered up
yeah
nope
metroid with Metal Slug pixel art sweet
oh that would be really sweet
I'm sure someone has a animated gif of
that somewhere on the Internet
how does Jack like the game does it feel
too repetitive so far no you know
obviously we're only what three hours
into it I actually really enjoy so the
kind of the premise here is instead of
boss battles we have all of these little
mini boss battles and that's what moves
us on to new areas and I've actually
just kind of like a boss battle at this
point you know like that would break it
up a little bit
but you know so far it's it's a Metroid
game it's exactly kind of what I expect
can I not go through there now it's also
a remake of a 30 year old game right but
I really like this whole that this thing
right here that counter and shoot little
system that's really neat and it feels
it feels very good when I can actually
do it so there's a lot I like about it
that's asking us how we feel about
Castlevania I love the first one the
linear' one loved that one to death and
then they kind of lost me with the
second one and I never really came back
for the series
cuz I'm an old man and I was playing
what it originally came out uh and you
know I I remember playing the older ones
and not liking them because they were
hard as balls uh-huh or the first one I
was second one too I guess I don't even
know if I actually actually ever got
around to the second one I did remember
really enjoying Symphony of the Night
okay that's when they took a little more
Metroid that was that three or four
no that was the the
that wasn't the one they made for the D
s saddle I probably wouldn't care for it
that much I don't I don't like some of
the labyrinth II Metroid II kind of
stuff right so much not worth it
missile tank I guess I don't like being
lost uh yeah and I know people love that
about Metroid once again I'm not saying
what you should or shouldn't like we're
talking about how I feel about mr. dad
right
which just hates backtracking ah I hate
wandering around aimlessly a lot of
times in Metroid I don't I don't have
any idea what the fuck I'm supposed to
be doing I'm just kind of lost yeah yeah
and that's kind of what I like about it
yeah yeah I know
Karin likes that about Metroid yeah is
it yeah you just just kind of keep
moving and then you find shit and you
find shit that you know you weren't able
to find before yeah that's that's what I
kind of dig about it but you know I
think the I'm really liking on to the
action in this these enemies which we've
been dealing with for the past three
hours getting a little on the nerves
because we're seeing a whole lot of them
but you know it is what it is mom said
you said you had just talked about it
and we're gonna go out of order with
tips oh that's a you made an ex-con well
I'm pretty sure I went back to read the
things that I missed I will double-check
Crash Bandicoot talked about that that's
from in anonymous we talked about the
South Park game which I haven't played
Jack hasn't played and I just don't I'm
not interested in the South Park game at
all there's another anonymous question
about whisky okay yeah we talked about
thank Josh likes whisky whisky is
something that people around here drink
ever so often yeah I'm not saying a
comment from another anonymous that we
did not address it's possible your tip
might not have gone through
all right I asked what Jack thought
about the game so far
I read that well you might not have been
around we did I didn't ask about that I
didn't ask jack and which other Nintendo
franchises you thought should be revived
soon ice climber that's what we need we
need to remake of ice climber
I'm with rich hundred percent hundo
percent oh like at what point does
something need a remain you never man
never nothing ever needs a remake it's
like it's always a pleasant surprise
when they're not shit punch out okay
yeah I'll say punch out needed a really
I think they can make ton more punch out
games I'll be fine he'll have punch out
it's been a number of years since the
last one came out so I'll say yeah punch
out well overdue for punch out
punch out already got a remake and it
needs another one I love punch out even
for a response from rich that was cold
what was cold I didn't say it was a
terrible question I just didn't have an
answer available on the top of my head
and I eventually thought of something
that yes I would like a remake of deal
with it deal with it
deal with her explain does need a remake
totally yeah they just fuck it up and
simplify it even play like Rogue
Squadron
you have to control a throttle turn
faster when you go slower or fly around
and shoot the things basically I would
not trust them to remake x-wing or TIE
fighter and not dumb it down
does anyone still use a joystick for
gaming well if you're hardcore into
flight stems you probably still have a
joystick that works in some kind of
older flight simulators the question is
mom Celeste
I don't keep track of these thing no
matter one one like this month how often
do they release flight simulators these
days didn't I I mean there's so many
games out every fucking day rich how can
anyone possibly keep track
oh wait danger yeah I guess
yeah lead dangerous was a few years ago
now though and that presumably would it
would work just fine with a flight stick
play sky rogue with a with a flight
stick yeah totally
damnit
we've dangerous works fine with the
controllers yeah but here's the thing
with a flight sim you you want the
immersive experience so you would
probably choose to play with a flight
stick for that reason and I'm I am I am
almost sure there are people who play
that game with a flight stick for that
reason
okay um we have an accidental tip is
there a refund possibility it was not
meant to be that much
yes okay I could I could see that
mistake happening is there a way to undo
that simply yes okay at this exact
moment no not in this exact kind of in
the middle of something but but I see
that accidental tip and that is clearly
and we're we're not money-grubbing
assholes no we're not gonna say fuck you
no no see here I scroll that backups oh
I don't know you're look at it right now
oh yeah let me just um are they in chat
still yeah wait wait wait I'm sure we
could do something was that and I assume
that was meant to be a $2 tip well we
can presume that okay
well you can take it yeah hold on for a
second phone me I might be able to take
care of it right now how about that okay
for the peace of mind now full here's
the question for me do you want me to
refund you $200 I do you want me to
refund you $198 it's refund on the 200
will tip them $2 for the panic they have
gone through room these last few minutes
or however long it's been since they
noticed they're saying 198 is fine
that's the only way you can do it is the
full of mantra to the full amount if
that's the easiest way to do it yep okay
I just I just opened my PayPal app and
and I see I see it does say payment
received give me one moment here refund
the whole thing this could cause a
problem with your PayPal it just reform
over yeah yeah I'm just looking for an
email address you know rich if this
weren't for real this would be a
wonderful way to abruptly end the stream
not that cruel I'm not that cruel can we
move on no bye guys see you later
somebody somebody who might need that
money for like car payment or rent is
freaking out yes no and that's got to be
horrible at that point is not funny no
no no and of course of course
give me you know what we will all right
hold on hold on follow me give me one
second here boom oh there you are follow
me I'm gonna send you a whisper
I just I just sent you a whisper which
is like a private message on Twitch for
me wait I want to take care of this now
or to make sure I because I will forget
here's the thing here's the thing I will
absolutely like I'll go home and just
not a lot about and then you'll write
angry emails going the pre-write guys
ripped me off I mean why are you doing
this now they're not horribly
embarrassed already I'm gonna I'm gonna
try and move on and see if that works
while you're quietly doing this okay
where we are really where did I leave
off gobbledygook says today marks the
35th anniversary of the cinematic
release of ET the extra-terrestrial and
Cinemark theatres ironically Stephen
King's it has the same basic premise of
ET - the John Williams score what I'm
sorry I read that again and some gonna
not sure that works as a joke that it
has the same basic premise as ET ya know
their eighties kids in the reboot event
right oh you got 80s kids running around
but so does stranger things and I
wouldn't call that an ET ripoff III
think what they're going for here is a
magical friend visits small children and
they learn a lesson about growing up
okay like yeah okay
my friends think stranger things is an
et ripoff plot-wise no with the bikes
arguably there's some influence well not
that Ripa is omage is you're mashing and
I haven't seen the new it I'm going to
assume then that they do a lot of riding
around on bikes maybe that's just it I
haven't seen Karen wants to see it so
I'll probably end up saying yeah no I
know it's it's the it's the thing the
kids are talking about I asked Lisa if
she wanted to see it
any interest she's like fuck no fuck no
man give me a second here just waiting
for some confirmation on something that
is not important did I get a chance to
watch the Orville did you yeah you want
to talk about the Orville because I
could talk about the Orville I mean I'm
gonna give the show a chance pilot
episodes don't always have a track
record of being the best that's true and
the pilot episode of the Orville yeah
it's kind of bad
it's kind of bad the jokes all fall flat
except for one except for exactly one
joke every single gag falls right on its
face and and I know you had a pilot you
have to do a I don't know here's this
character is that character but like
when they got to the plot itself yeah
we're gonna run around and shoot the gun
while running that was the solution to
the problems
okay or Orval spoilers if Orval spoil I
don't care about Orville spoilers first
of them kind of kind of bad but I'm
gonna give it a chance pilot episode
uuuu introduced the captain who nobody
really believes in yep doesn't he kind
of have to do something interesting and
useful in the in the end like haha he
can do it after he doesn't do anything
uh true what he does he does Jack all to
really resolve the situation
what he does is learns how to trust the
people around him which is a bullshit
thing that I just made up right this
very moment I will say that the basic
premise like them I like I like the
ex-wife okay I like her she's fun
character okay I like that she feels
remorse for what she did hmm she's not
just a horrible person you know yeah
that's neat then forced to work together
and a setting like that could work but
it doesn't work because Seth MacFarlane
osf MacFarlane is horrible he's not in
every man and he apparently thinks he is
also he's a terrible actor
if he's gonna be someone on the show he
should have been the drunken helmsman
yes that's a great idea and then you get
an actual likable schmuck
to be the captain yes
oh he's terrible I anyone to grab any
random still from the orville and tell
me what emotion he's supposed to be
portraying I challenge you that men
cannot act to save his life he could be
the asshole who says the the snarky
awful thing yes
yeah I'm gonna drink on this ship that
guy's fat yes that he that he would be
greatest
this is not our sympathy
protagonists though yeah but I'm I'm
gonna give it a few episodes before I
have a full verdict on it here's here's
what I will say I did like a lot of the
Star Trek II stuff I I thought this I
think the ship looks cool from the
outside I like it the inside is horrible
oh the inside look horrible the outside
yeah I think it looks really cool I like
to sit and look at the inside it looks
like they filmed it in a furniture store
there's that there's that shot of him
walking up the stairs and you can like
see where they attacked the carpet down
it's embarrassing
it's absolutely embarrassing the outside
some people say it's about the lighting
it's not lighting it's it's the fucking
walls and the boxiness up oh my god yeah
a li fugly if we can like like Star Trek
The Next Generation yeah they knew they
were gonna have a lot of shots on the
bridge and they knew they're gonna have
a lot of shots specifically like from
where the viewer would be looking in at
the card and that back wall yep so
behind the card we have that nice
beautiful wooden curved archway and the
raised step to the next level with all
of the control panels and then the
people who are working and then on the
Orval the background is that flat pink
wall
yeah the interiors of the ship are
atrocious agree but here's what I will
say one the one joke that actually got
me to laugh in the Orval was when he's
he is running like an idiot because he
just discovered that his ex-wife is
going to be his first officer and
accidentally runs through a horrible
slime monster that turns out to be a
person Norma kenneled Norma Connell and
he has just this very normal mundane
conversation with a little slime monster
yeah and that's really funny I thought
that was a good moment
I'm not saying everything in the pilot
was awful here's the other thing I
I think the way in which the city the
main conflict was resolved was very
clever so something that was set up
earlier is there are magic giant redwood
seeds that can grow anywhere and there's
a little time manipulation machine and
so they figure out a way to send the
seed of the redwood and the time
manipulation machine over to the enemy
ship and destroy it with a giant tree
yeah that was pretty neat and I like
that about us hey that's fun that's a
fun way to resolve the conflict a lot of
the show was really boring and garbage
though so let's hope it does better the
villains who are straight ripped off
from Galaxy Quest yeah do they are they
gonna be reoccurring is there's a horse
so generic why would you bother right in
a comedy couldn't you have come up with
some kind of whimsical funny alien that
are still kind of a threat but at least
they're amusing or interesting and not
just to paint by numbers where the
warlord bad guys they look like they
belong an ex-con to war of the chosen
sperms burn sick that's a sick burn
that's sick burn man you know what
they're serviceable for the plot for the
again and this is this is where you
started which is the pilot is always is
not always the best example of the show
which they just needed a bad guy we're
gonna worry about getting clever bad
guys later like this is just as a
scary-looking alien this is generic
scary-looking alien number four make
them cute bunny bunny like creatures but
they're more like and have guns but this
is just me
what a fucking joke in there oh yeah
well right but this is just the setup
I'm sure we will get that at one point
oh but no all of it all the jokes all
the jokes sucks so bad wait does Rich
dislike our war of the chosen I just
like a lot of the lore the
introduced anytime somebody's talking in
that game it's horrible and somebody was
saying like we're talking about the pink
wall that's just the background that's
the joke then it's poorly executed joke
yeah it's not the heavy cruiser but then
you know what you make the ship kind of
run down maybe and not just bland flat
wall that was not the joke and no that's
how it's being defended and here's the
thing no people are going to defend this
yeah and I'm not saying it's not I'm not
saying they can't turn around yeah they
can it's a pilot episode pilots are
frequently bad yes maybe maybe there
will be some jokes and a better story in
the next episode I'm going to give it a
chance yeah me too as well but let's
let's presume just sake of argument this
show will be completely horrible it's
going to have people defending it
because they're bitter about Star Trek
discovery looking like it's going to be
a morose joyless melodrama yeah yeah and
just for that reason the Orville is
going to have supporters for years to
come you know what at the end of the day
even if it's bad the Orville did what it
had to do it is not Star Trek discovery
yeah that's what it had to do
you know I think there's a lot of ways
you could turn around and you know they
they have a lot of leeway after the
pilot cuz like their ship got busted up
so like oh we made repairs to the ship
right whoo-hoo there's a lot of ways in
Canon that they can they can fix some of
the problems I I feel that they're
they're not going to fix what is their
biggest problem which is seth macfarlane
as their lead character yeah that man
cannot act he has he's a great voice
actor I think some of his jokes are
defensible as jokes as far as a writer
is concerned I think he could probably
work on that show just playing the
asshole you know who makes comments and
that the lead character who you
sympathize not yes he him as my avatar
I'm done I'm out right he's got the glib
thing to say about everything that's
going on and he's on the bridge yeah he
could work like that
all right I'm I'm reading the chat going
back to X come here are we the only
people in the world who who realized
that lore isn't the same thing as
gameplay richard schoeck's come to now
rich ATEX come to what the gameplay is
fine I'm some things I'm I'm that are
growing on me I'm not sure if I like
them yet but I don't hate it
uh-huh just because I can't stand the
way they have written some of these new
characters doesn't mean I hate the game
is that have you been so ruined by
cinematic gaming that you can't see a
fucking difference between story and
gameplay anymore
yeah rich I don't know I don't know some
people they can't compartmentalize what
kind of bad boy stuff did they add
anytime an alien character talks
aye aye I just I can't stand it
they're written so horribly stupid and
generic and just from the little bit I
saw already who dug just I mean I I only
literally only saw what you streamed and
honor glory honor for the glory of the
other honor glory glory fight to death
fight you and I were enemies ones we
will not be enemies now once more yeah
yeah there will be no more bloodshed for
us this day as long as our bloodshed is
them and not us I kind of find the
cheesy schlock of musing I I preferred
the mystery and the use your own
imagination from the earlier versions of
the game
enemy Unknown was much creepier and
satisfying than enemy lame enemy cut and
paste
yeah one of the chosen doing a lot to
ruin the the lure of XCOM for me oh I
can put them on mute Jack that's true
you can always mute the cast of the next
generation
unit six and I read this one oh my got
it unit six and three idiot says hey
rich and Jake hi I'm moving around a lot
these days so I only have a laptop to
play games desktop and consoles are in
storage for now
what games would you suggest only on a
laptop fuck my life um what what can you
laptop handled idea good games I mean
like let's assume it's like a mid tier
laptop like there's a ton of Indies that
I'm sure you can play your themselves
your dead cells your spelunkers your
Isaac's XCOM enemy within runs on a
fucking iPad I'm gonna guess that it can
run on your laptop FTL
of course yeah you might have to you
might have to think smaller but plenty
plenty of games fucking plenty of games
man know what that thing is like I feel
like I should have to do something with
this but basically the XCOM alien the
XCOM 2 aliens were much better when they
just talked like and you didn't need to
know what they were saying they're weird
and creepy and now they sound like they
belong in Atwood film
Neal Breen Oh whoopsie birthday thoughts
on Jamie Lee Curtis returning to the
Halloween franchise I understand
continuity was it's something of a
headache ha ha ha yes
Jamie's talking about yeah cuz like that
I think there's been three separate
movies in which her character has died
so also I can only imagine they don't
give a fuck about continuity
what's the deal with the boxes with the
purple gems those are boxes that can be
opened with with your morph ball bomb
did we really need to ignore Halloween
h2o but a long time subsea I remember
liking h2o I suppose I have no strong
thoughts on Halloween h2o
seems like you guys are fans of
roguelikes in general do you guys ever
play the original rogue or its successor
hack and nethack I have not Jack of you
um I've played a bit of rogue I've tried
to play a bit of rogue that that's just
a little to you guys and yeah I'd have
to say that's just that's even a little
too you know rogue doesn't have any
graphics it doesn't and it takes a lot
of patience and so I don't know if it's
necessarily up my alley right early you
guys said you didn't like power up of
gates or item gates could you go into
detail about that all right one we're
not a hive mind I am the one who said
that Jack I think you quite like that
style of game I do this style of game
yes yes yes it it kind of makes
exploration annoying for me it's like
I'm just playing that Mario rabbits does
that well they do it poorly like that's
that's it okay let's talk about how it
could poorly be done okay well so so but
the basic example is in the Metroid
series yeah Metroid involves a lot of
backtracking and so you will go through
an area and there are certain places
that you can't go because you need a
missile to open a door yeah so then
later you go over to this area and you
find the missiles and then you have to
go back to this area and use the
missiles and then there are some areas
that you have to go back to just for
bonus things that use the missiles and
then you know so a lot of backtracking
well sometimes the the door that you can
finally get in through a missile leads
to another door oh now you need the bomb
yeah it's just a it's it's annoying and
it's tedious and I find it to be kind of
filler
it's annoying for me to have to like
explore an area two or three times
because once you see the the the item
block door I'm I might not remember
specifically where I saw it I could
spend an hour running around trying to
find then I see you went over here
I I don't like it right right and I
think there are cases like the Metroid
series that does it well and and kind of
that incorporates it with the theme of
exploration and it makes you want to dig
further into the world but Mario Rabbids
I absolutely hated it in Metroid Prime
well I hated it some of the controls
were a little we're a little rough at
the time but I still I still enjoyed it
Mario Rabbids does this thing where it
closes off worlds because you you need a
little powerup item and really the power
of item is just a key to get into the
next world and then Mario Rabbids wants
you to go back through each of the
levels that you've already beaten that
you have no other reason to go through
just to see if your key can open the
gate now and you can get weapon upgrades
and the way that Mario rabbits does it
is very linear and very ham-fisted
basically they just say walk through
this area again and there's no real
exploration involved with it which is
why I think they handled poorly button
but in something like Metroid it's
interwoven in the gameplay and then I
have a game does that - I never know if
well maybe it's not an item game maybe
there's just like a puzzle I couldn't
figure out I don't know whether or not I
should move on or if I should waste a
lot more time looking around for the
real entrance to the area sure you know
that's fair that is a fair point
it makes exploration tedious for me I
want to explore an area once and I've
explored the area yeah
I'll hear you there I'll hear you
doom does it does doom have you going
back to the first map after you you've
beat the first episode to unlock the one
door with the missile launcher that you
didn't know then when you're talking
about like chess bringing like the Zelda
dungeons that's like a self-contained
thing and you know you're going to find
the item you need in that dungeon I'm
not gonna have to leave like the dungeon
maybe wander around for another 30 hours
of game before I find the thing I need
then come back right right Zelda dungeon
like oh I can go to the room to the left
then I go back to the room to the right
to continue the thing that the room to
the left just did right the Varia suit
reduces damage taken from enemy attacks
it also prevents damage from extreme
heat so now in every level there have
been rooms that I haven't been able to
go into because they've been you know
heat rooms now I can go back to those
rooms and I enjoy that in this game
because I've I want to go back and do
all the damage but you know the good
thing that this game did is it also gave
me a damage resistance which means it'll
be a lot easier to get through enemies
I can now cut through them like a little
more like butter and and that'll make it
a little more enjoyable it's almost like
like progress like a way to track
progress like how easily I can defeat
enemies now
and see like here I don't know what
opens these doors not a missile not this
not this something opens these doors I
don't know what so I'll have to come
back here at some point
if I want to get you know whatever
mystery is hiding over here there's a
green thing that's saying spin jump spin
attack screw attack oh yeah so not this
screw attack but you get a different
screw tackle yeah yeah okay wait
but I don't have this for attack did you
did you miss it oh no I don't need it
yet I thought I needed it
oh no fire still hurts me okay fire
still hurts me
extreme heat doesn't hurt me but fire
still hurts me would you ever attend a
Wrestlemania Jack would you ever attend
a Wrestlemania no when I was 12
yes when I was 12
now I know who wrestles these days right
if I mean you know if someone invited me
maybe like you know maybe how about that
yeah I dismissed that a little too a
little too much yeah you know someone
advise me they say hey let's go have a
good time I'll buy some beers oh okay
I'll go you know maybe for the spectacle
of it maybe gonna wanna like oh hey this
wrestler I really like is there is he's
pretty cool all right I don't think I'd
be terribly into it but you know what I
might have a good time
1989 WrestleMania Hogan versus the
warrior oh I would have went home so sad
I hated the outcome of that I couldn't
stand the warrior I was I was 100%
rooting for Hogan there's a sad night
watching that on pay-per-view
rich why because the Ultimate Warrior's
lame rich Disney he opens his mouth the
nonsense just fucking comes out he flies
around she doesn't like feel to him
warrior this gimmick is stupid like
where the fuck is he from space
he's please please from the cosmic
beyond man I wasn't gonna buy that when
I was eight he's just crazy
Manny's what a horseshit is a crazy
person it's great that was when I was
too young to realize he was bad in the
ring I still hated him
like what kind of warrior are you you do
nomads max didn't happen right he's the
other' warrior stick literally makes no
sense what kind of warrior is he only
the ultimate one I'm rich get three get
three skull man did you pretend
wrestling is real I was eight I believed
it
a lot of kids did man a lot of kids
Oh Cogan is just an all-american guy in
California a little bit over the top the
warrior like what the fuck are you I
mean really can you explain it to me
what are you without talking about
hypersonic dimensions
it's just crazy what are you it's great
he's great where are you supposed to
have come from big boss man he was a
prison guard get it
what are you isn't Hulk Hogan like an
asshole now yes but you got to
understand what I talk about Hulk Hogan
I'm essentially talking about the
fictional character from the 1980s yeah
Hulk Hogan like the guy now is a total
dickhead Oh Kogan the character though
yeah I loved him you know he's the he's
the good guy
yeah the ultimate good guy yeah yeah
like wrestling is now in that like there
renaissance period where everyone knows
that it's fake but they're just
appreciating the arch of the fakery yeah
like that's where wrestling is now yeah
I'm sure there are kids who don't know
that it's fake but as far as their very
large adult fanbase there is there are
there are a lot of grown-ups who really
dig what's the best Arnold movie what is
the best Arnold movie oh man there's two
minutes too many artists I mean there's
just too many good fuckin oh he's quite
fond of Total Recall sure predator
predators out there for me
I'll take Total Recall of a predator I
might disagree with you that's fine
you're allowed to Conan of course
classic Kindergarten Cop was so weird
Terminator 1 versus Total Recall
oh my god True Lies fuck you guys you're
right twins twins him and Danny DeVito
in a buddy cop in a bar not in a buddy
comedy i I think I'm giving a Total
Recall True Lies rich guys fine
I might need to rewatch it you should
you should give that every watch it's
pretty good
remember we're seeing it at the time and
the theater and not liking the the
Winkie Matty aspect of it oh yeah yeah I
might feel differently watching it now I
might feel differently I think I think
you might
but for me at the time watching True
Lies is a bit too much of a comedy for
me at the time I think I I think I owed
True Lies every watch uh yeah I agree
with you my answer right now is Total
Recall yeah and I might have to go a
predator I might just have to go
predator because I fucking love predator
conan's and the running terminators in
the running yeah
yep all five movies shit all fine I mean
there's very little that I can even
think of now that where I'd be like ads
that's it you know that's a movie I
don't enjoy at all the running man is
great pretty good it's pretty good
pretty good pretty good
great maybe but I don't spit in some
good movies I don't think would not I
would not put the running man above
Total Recall or Terminator or Conan yeah
running man is not great it's fun yes no
I like the running man it is fun I'm
just saying there's some other old
movies I would put above it hmm I would
probably put predator above the running
man
richard dawson and running man is great
i will agree with you on that 100%
I'm a little bit lost commando and a lot
of love for commando even as bad movies
are good movies you know when I was 10
commando would have been my answer as an
adult talking about just ranking the
oral movies it doesn't make the cut oh
yeah that's right kind of wait for some
like super missiles or something does
Arnold have charisma yes yes yeah kind
of all he has that's a little it he has
built a career like there is no way he
should have been in any movie past Conan
maybe terminators like you can't like
Terminator where he doesn't say anything
right
no Terminator was fine cuz he didn't say
anything give us the robot right well no
he's dead like be monotone give me your
pants
monotone robotic exactly he can nail
that there's no there is no godly reason
he should have had a career after any of
that but you know what you can watch
Kindergarten Cop and he plays an
undercover cop who tries to be a
kindergarten heir who pretends to be a
kindergarten teacher and fuck you
believe it
that man has charisma coming out of his
ass yeah yeah any any any part it didn't
matter that he was a giant ripped German
dude which actor has charisma today
Chris Pratt yeah Chris Pratt hasn't come
out of his butthole oh gee he can't he
can't contain it yeah Chris Pratt Lahey
tries he tries to hold it in but he's
just adorable and everything you fucking
he does there's no there's no no no like
Leo Leo dude Leonardo DiCaprio no Crispo
what
good pussy whose is it everything that
guy has been does he is great oh this is
not saying he can't act the same does he
have charisma
what are we defining crystallize like
her charisma is this innate likability I
don't know that he has that leo I don't
know he doesn't have an innate
likability no okay catch me if you can
like know every every every role he has
he has the he finds that little human
element to it he's got he's got it Ryan
Reynolds yes fuck yeah fuck I would
argue Leo is innately unlikable and he's
constantly working against it that would
be my leo argument he has anti charisma
that he constantly has to work to
compensate for I don't know I think he's
really oh you know what we can disagree
on Leo mr. Tom Hanks charisma yeah
innate likability there we go we can
agree on that one I I mean I'm supposed
to be going here yes the rock has
charisma
oh right up the button right up and out
the but the rock has charisma
okay here's I got the superbug can't
even hate Tom Biggs when he's evil yes
that's Christmas
urban crisis I agree with you rich about
war of the chosen the chosen should be
mysterious well I do these why do they
squabble like children I died laughing
when you called the team up scene on
stream also I nicknamed MOX Wharf on my
game uh-oh
mock's is one of my casualties he didn't
last that long oh yeah yeah like three
or four months after that in game I
finally gotten another skirmish your
class hmm but it took a while
did he have an honorable death um no he
didn't really go out in a blaze of glory
he he he went out in a mission that was
just a comedy of errors that's too bad
did you at least tell his family that he
died honorable well we delighted them
laughs yeah you have to I I had a
mission go really fucking bad
hey I ended up making the best of it but
oh it was not pretty I had I think
literally six faceless rushing me okay
and this is early game so I didn't have
the firepower to take him down quick
enough and I had three soldiers bleeding
out and we evacuated well yeah I I was I
was happy to save four people but I evac
with two soldiers who were still on
their feet and they were both carrying
an unconscious buddy with him it ended
extremely poorly yeah it sounds like it
but it should about a squad wipe so I'm
proud of myself for just making it out
with four people
yeah
Oh
Harrison Ford charisma for days I'm
camera yes which means he works antic is
you ever see him with an interview of
Harrison Ford he's of me has no charisma
while he's doing an interview he's a
miserable fuck oh you know who's got it
you know who's got it and just can't
just can't keep it in Jon Hamm yeah Jon
Hamm that man that man is likable as
fuck
rich your favorite horror film Evil Dead
2 which should tell you something about
how I feel about horror
can only men have charisma no oh well we
were talking about actors and so I guess
that's why we went there Sarah Silverman
um it's the first thing that comes to
head comes them in mind I wouldn't say
she necessarily has charisma she's
likable you know who who has it and it's
just fresh in my mind cuz I just got
done watching you know defenders
recently is rosario Dawson yeah I think
she is inherently likable in anything
she is in ellie kemper god bless that
lady absolutely Ellie Kemper I think I
think when a woman has charisma we just
call it charming Oh what I suppose you
could say the same for me at door well I
can't but she's adorable
this thing
look look Ju ask me questions this is
just the names that come to the top of
my head without having thought about it
for very long I'm I'm sorry we're kind
of put on the spot occasionally here
occasionally yeah oh good time Rosary
dancing dancing and clerks - exactly
like you could just she has this little
scene in clerks - where she's trying to
teach Dante how to dance and and it is
Oh batteries you just you just want you
just want to lose area Dawson is just
the kind of lady is she's just the kind
of lady you want to be next - yeah
yes Jeremy talked about bobby heenan
earlier it's sad but not unexpected how
old was he
that's more did you see but he's been
fighting cancer for like over a decade
oh yeah
rich what yes yeah yeah
why cuz I need I need the power right
power so you have to switch spots with
me I'm about done okay
well we can be we can be about done we
can absolutely be about done but if we
want to play even a little bit longer no
I understand I understand we're gonna
need some juice there we go
hey all right there we go yeah let me
just see if I can defeat this boss it's
a spider boss here yeah and then any
plans to go see the new Kings new
sequels as anonymous you know I never
saw the first one what did you think of
the original there we go
also rosario Dawson was my favorite part
of men in black 2 clerks to the student
and Pluto Nash she makes everything
watchable right we had my ass handed to
me mothers by this bug
what
okay yeah I remember hearing really good
thing about that Kingsman movie the
first one and the second one looks even
more ridiculous so I maybe I'll try to
go back and watch that first one because
I've always wanted to see it just never
got around to it show off one actor in
the MCU who is it
I assume you mean character yeah that'd
be my assumption because killing off the
actor would be I mean that's morbid just
play it safe just got like Hawkeye uh
I'm gonna make a caveat for that person
and say we gotta kill off a main
character isn't his main character in
Avengers shut up no he wasn't I wouldn't
want to kill off Captain America I
wouldn't want to kill off Tony Stark
then you're left with ant-man that's
such a letdown of a anti-climatic death
though right because who cares about a
Doctor Strange is far too much utility
I'd kill have Captain Peter Parker just
way too depressing and willing any
Spider Man he just got introduced he's
just got there I'd kill off captain
Thor I just don't care about Thor so
that wouldn't mean you don't care about
him that much and he's a prominent
character which even though you don't
care about him that much gives it more
weight so the answer is Thor
kill Hawkeye that was why it was my
first thing I said Jack vetoed it for
some reason he came up with this
arbitrary rule that it had to be a main
character yep that's my rule
fury not a main character it's dumb
caveat and they already did that
that's the only reason it wouldn't be
fury yeah yeah no I'd kill off captain
I'd kill of captain because that would
captain is the is the moral grounding
right he's the he's the heart of the
team and so that would that you kill off
captain and you create the hero void and
then everyone else you know tries to
take his place that being true and you
lose a fun part of the MCU you can never
show up again he's not dead that's
that's now gone yeah there's a piece
that is now missing built and then and
then you have people trying to live up
to the universe is weaker for it which
is why you don't want to do it and then
you have people trying to fill his you
kill Winter Soldier not Captain America
you can't Winter Soldier you can get
some drama out of Captain America who is
a character we like now so Winter
Soldier
kill Tony toys a linchpin that holds
this whole universe together that's
that's the problem you've got we have a
lot of problems here which is like Tony
Stark and Stark Industries it's the glue
no it is mu of this marvel universe
Robert Downey jr. specifically my even
just his performance just as a character
mm-hmm
you see problems I see drama and
solutions to a boring franchise yes a
boring multi-billion dollar franchise
that doesn't seem to be having problems
despite the fact that you think it's
boring
even though you think it's boring
killing somebody is altering a a
prominent piece to a machine that is
currently functioning correctly
right
we're not we're not talking about a mess
like the DC ECU where they need to do
whatever the fuck they can kill someone
bring something back to life kill
something bring back life to my what do
we need to do for the entire Justice
League again suck it reshoot the
Halloween reshoot the whole movie
I got make the actor the writer now then
the tiny Justice League the writers the
director we can restore their powers and
other people but only at 25% of the
normal power
Little League
tonight how do you fix the DC universe
at this point do you hope to hell that
just got got to get got to get in there
and spit polish it
you guys excited for stranger things
season two oh I'm definitely gonna watch
it I don't know much about what they're
going to do with it but then again I
didn't know anything about it when I
heard about strange things in the first
place right the problem with structuring
season uh strange things like a film
yeah you know the first seasons like it
just like a movie sequels are very
rarely as good as the original no film
well because now everyone has
expectations right now now we all know
what now we all know the deal with
stranger things before it was have you
seen this thing that no one has seen the
right right so yeah yeah but you know
what the first season was really fucking
good so he's open
either use charm shop or die I'm using
missiles you told me to use missiles
against this one yeah this listen to be
we're doing damage uh-huh
I don't know yeah can you scan it and
find out if it's like weak to something
or something like that oh I don't think
so but I also don't know there's a thing
that I keep missing on it the the the
the parry attack for this thing is
really fucking hard this time
yeah see right there and it only does it
once yeah you should be up in another
legend when he does that well I I know
but I was too far away
I should have rolled I know I get it
rich I'm sorry
beginner
right Thank You Chad how about dodging
his telegraphed attacks you're right
you're absolutely right what was I
thinking I I thought I should go right
into them
yep that's going to cause me
this run isn't gonna happen that's a
tough one that's stuck fun finally it
takes a boss fight for the cameras to
back off from Samus so you can see a
little bit of the world around you sad
that it's for a boss fight in the room
where there is nothing to scrolled up I
can't read the rest or there is nothing
to interact with really the camera is
too close to samus in this game says
peeps 13 do you agree or disagree with a
sentiment Jack sometimes I'd like I'd
like a little more like looking around
corners and whatnot but I guess I
haven't really noticed so it hasn't been
it it hasn't been a big issue for me so
far
and to think there are two difficulty
levels beyond this one lock behind an
ebow that's a weird thing but my find
that amoeba it's a weird thing to me
damn it
fuck him out of missiles out of missiles
I've ran out of missiles sorry
ran out of missiles man are you sure
maybe I got a look at the gameplay again
that seemed to help me last time I was
having trouble jack is this the boss pal
you were looking for earlier no you know
this is this is something a little mean
it's basically the same like boss
battles usually have a little bit of a
different like gimmick to them and this
is the same gimmick but it's a bit of a
different like it's more challenging so
that's nice all pretty bland scenery to
be staying staring at it for five hours
oh my god I'm sucking so wasting all of
those missile arial 'arial yeah I
noticed rich
what would the movie samus have better
aim god I hope so there we go
shoot lightning balls when you run out
of missiles shoot lightning balls I
don't have lightning balls what are you
talking about there we go oh my god you
did it I did it yeah that's great that
was great
whoo I did it lightning balls what the
heck are you talking about
they're hoping there's a save station
over here nope
oh that's Lex you fuck game you fuck can
you shoot those of the freeze beam
button those blocks up the center bright
when you step on them ah no or at least
not to my knowledge
Tyron said says saw another promo for
Star Trek Discovery it looks like it was
lit with a desk lamp a good cast but it
doesn't look interesting it just looks
like it's gonna be some just miserable
melodrama whoa whoa you're special do
the thing whoa oh and it look like it's
gonna be fun sci fi adventurer's well
see I could be completely wrong
you just put a shitty trailer impossible
that's a shitty art direction but we'll
see how's it work when we talked about
it pilot was bad overall yes very bad
doesn't mean it can't get better but the
pilot was bad very very bad some
redeeming qualities some minor redeeming
qualities I I do not have high
expectations as Seth MacFarlane is is
the problem Seth MacFarlane is the
problem and he's also the star and
executive producer of the show so that's
just not going away anytime soon turn
said says I still feel Batman doesn't
belong in a shared cinematic universe
that also includes Superman and Wonder
Woman
Jasmine Jasmine once said Batman is a
Marvel character in a world of mythical
gods but what do you mean but well I
kind of agree with the sentiment but
you're I disagree that he's a Marvel
character no he's not a Marvel character
I mean like somatically or stylistically
or you would fit in better with Marvel I
don't necessarily think that but no I
don't think he does fit that great in
with the rest of the DC I hope he can I
think he can but like do you know why
fan you're you're saying you're saying
like Batman Superman and Wonder Woman a
team-up who has been a team-up for
40 years 50 Oh guys like they shouldn't
be a team oh all right
you know why fans insist that Batman
could be Galactus and the Phoenix and
and everyone you know why
I dunno what oh because the Justice
League and because he's in the DC
Universe and if Batman can't hold his
own with the super-powered gods then
that means he is a useless joke it's
true and this Batman can beat anybody
mentality is the end result of that and
now why should you give a fuck when
Batman has to fight to face who was a
scarred man with a gun but otherwise
just a mortal human being when when
Batman routinely fights gods why should
you give a shit about anything that
happens to Batman in his own book I
agree with that sentiment my
counter-argument is that he has worked
well in this team-up situation before
mm-hm
there there you know I'm thinking
specifically of you know the the old
Justice League cartoon that was part of
the animated universe when Batman the
Animated Series was around right it was
him it was The Adventures of Superman
then they had the Justice League cartoon
that first Justice League episode Batman
wasn't like fisticuff fighting aliens he
was doing the research and connecting
all the dots and telling her that the
superpower people should go I think
they're gonna fuck it up in in Justice
League movie of course does he need to
be wearing a bat costume to do that yes
yes yeah you know why rich it makes him
feel more comfortable and that's how he
gets his work done better you know
sometimes when I edit I'm in my
sweatpants I don't need to be in my
sweatpants but I'm in my sweatpants
because that makes me feel better
but yeah Batman Batman's the he's not a
general Batman is the spy if you're
gonna do a war analogy Batman is your
reconnaissance and your spy he's the one
that infiltrates that gathers Intel he's
the one that gives all the information
to the general okay now that said ya
talking specifically about the Justice
League movie and Batman vs Superman yeah
now I'm okay with it here because we've
already had like six Batman movies where
he fights guys with guns and all right
yeah throwing him in the Justice League
it's a bit of a shake-up Jason yeah yeah
I'm fine with it
hmm yeah yeah and you know we'll we'll
see you know what we'll see which you
need to relax you assume I'm horribly
upset about something did you set up
first of all rich settle down already
get you're getting crazy great let's uh
let's wrap this up yeah let's do the old
wrap up situation let's do that
here we go all right this is the point
of the stream in which we thank all the
people who subscribe to us during this
stream much like the traveler speaks who
has subscribed to us for we usually only
say that if they subscribe to us for 12
months in a row but I started saying it
now realizing so they've subscribed to
us for four months and the traveler
speaks says now Jack can finally afford
that luck saw but he has to split it
with rich thank you the travellers
because I haven't had a walk so yet
what's the laksa it's like if some
foreign food and there's a laksa place
in Milwaukee and I haven't gotten around
to eating there yet okay okay
couple more tips of oh well shit man
Fernand 2072 says what would you guys
idea for a great Batman movie or series
of movies be hard mode it can't only be
Batman investigating the mob
you must include rogue gallery villains
don't send that tip at the end of the
stream gameplay says hi fellas here's
some money okay wait shoot doing real
quick guy you know dude do to face but
he's a mobster done fucking done do a
black mask he's a mobster but you can do
his rogues gallery but you just have to
make his rogues gallery real fucking
people as well that's it you go sorry
okay
all right uh Fresno Bob for 12 months in
a row says a hundred years Jack and rich
adventures.com okay what what
okay have your laptop yeah I'm gonna go
to a hundred years Jack and rich
adventures.com hometown markup for 37
motherfucking Munson wrote here ojun six
for thirteen months in a row embryo so
says I still think the title previously
live recorded is funny thank you thank
you very much
it is funny a hundred years jack and
rich adventures.com does not exist I'm
sorry Morty reference oh okay Justin
Hormann for forty motherfucking months
in a row that can't be right Kent the
same that's insane man Justin Hormann
says have a great week everyone
Stu apocalypse for 12 months in her owns
two pocalypse has one full year of humor
and joy keep it up you glorious bastards
thank you Kasper zero months in a row
get me right leo
Kira ha 9 9 7 o mo mike 1 2 3 4 Oh
you know what I forgot rich hotel I
fabled town in Germany I was I spent
some actual like investigating research
work figuring out the town that I stayed
in for a month when I went to Germany in
high school yeah and I found it oh my
god and and as I was closing out of tabs
the Google Maps tab that's it what is it
what is it Rosenheim rosen it's on the
south east end of germany and it's a
town called
rosenheim
and that's where I spent a month in
Germany all right and I found it and it
was a great time congratulations great
time a great time in Rosenheim stew
pocalypse for 12 months in a row this is
one full year of humor and joy
keeping up you glorious bastards thank
you thank yo you said that and we are
today Kasper I got and we already did
Leo Kira I got so distracted with the
excitement of this city in Germany you
went to years and years ago oh my god
huh oh boy I'm just so excited what I
was doing what I was saying this is the
conclusion to a month long story arc in
the previously recorded live season no
it's so exciting he's in force it's so
exciting
no I get it for it and it's not exciting
and no one brought it up and I should
have brought it up earlier like I have a
terrible memory and I just like I'm like
a you know I see a shiny object all I
got to talk about it now yeah but I
thought people would want to know before
I forgot again because we need to have a
field trip to the city to rosanell oh
I'd love to go back to Rosenheim we were
at mo Mike one two three four epitaxy
for there was one in the upper upper
decks maybe I'm wrong two months in a
row I said it because I started saying I
like you did earlier yeah
echovox says just two months I promise
it'll be three next month
great ah purple space bazooka 432
fucking months in a row in purple space
bazooka says hey guys thanks for all you
do
especially your recent playthrough of
Mario Rabbids and the new ex come you
guys sold me on both excellent work all
around thanks and take care
you're welcome you're welcome boom yeah
yeah that that Mario rabbits pretty
pretty humorists
pretty humorous drinking it's very good
James Farr Captain James May for 13
months in a row unqualified bard mm-hmm
says hey derogatory term of endearment I
just wanted to say good job on recent
video I especially liked reference by
the way do you guys like thing I like
lol verb my noun dint masterson huge as
it says a 3d extreme yay just completed
Majora's Mask on three x three BS great
world the best cells of dungeons and
side quests ever and significantly
improve textures models and controls
would love to see you play and hear your
thoughts
eventually love green screen you know a
heart emoji heart emoji you know that
once were I'm gonna build a whole new
overlay yeah yeah to accommodate our new
green screen set up in you know what's
it's gonna take up three-fourths of the
screen it's gonna take up slightly more
of the screen but believe me it'll be
worth it it's gonna be a full wraparound
golden banner with with a constant mean
gifts playing we won't be able to stop
the moon gifts literally once we start
them they will not stop but you know
what a Majora's Mask I remember playing
that when I was younger like right after
rocker you know obviously a little bit
after ocarina because I loved ocarina
and I hated it when I was younger but it
is that is always on the top of people's
lists of like the best Zelda game yeah
the most misunderstood this is the good
one yeah one day and I do have it for
the 3ds I bought it for the 3ds so one
day I will play that okay I really and
you know I'm open I'm open
huge asses heliosphere one nine six nine
for 15 months in a row dream sign from
19 months in a row brews drink for 12
months in a row
vx 135 15 months in a row says I grew up
with Metroid Prime this is close enough
to trigger some nice nostalgic thanks
yeah welcome this is this is you know I
as far as the person who was mentioning
about like wishing the camera was a
little farther back I can be with you
there only because like you don't see
enemies but it doesn't bother me too
much
it does bring back all those warm fuzzy
Super Metroid feelings though so I'm
gonna be okay with it in general Metroid
Samus Returns covered in spiders who
says a bite from the Brazilian Wandering
Spider can cause painful erections in
men that can lead to impotence have a
great day
so there was a spider on my desk
yesterday and I usually don't mind the
spiders in the house cuz that means
they're eating other things that you
don't want in your house yeah I don't
want a spider necessarily on my desk
right that's your space yeah yeah so
he's walking along the edge of my desk
and I just I grab like a piece of paper
mm-hmm and I put the piece of paper up
against the surface of the desk where
he's walking and the spider walks on a
piece of paper yeah I get up I'm gonna
go walk them out the front door just get
rid of it you want a question and he
just gets on the escape ziplines he goes
see you suckers nope I'm a spider bitch
perfect evolves form I'm gonna shoot
some shit out of my ass and I'm out of
here
yep yep you admire you win this one
spider the analog the analog kid seven
cuz wrong
a doe bado adobe doe is the name doobie
sandwich
says I survived a hurricane and all I
got is my thumb bitten by a neighbor's
dog I'm better though
hopefully I'll let you know if I have
rabies next month until then your
streams will keep me company
yeah you probably have a doctor look at
that you know sooner rather than later
Wow does the KC is rabbit if they're in
the hurricane zone it might be tough to
see a doctor maybe buddy you know
wouldn't be the worst thing to yeah you
know rabies
that's something that can kill a person
a human person if you have rabies
yes that's a very dangerous almost
certainly we'll know unless you get that
shot doctor Talos Wow the contentment
cuz with a cane it throws me off the
contamination nice my name is Tate for
twenty seven fucking months in a row
says Zombies Ate My Neighbors for
October you have to play spooky games in
October rich fuck I want anything we
play a knife ever we'll just inherently
be spooky that's just that works
mister elephants 12 months in a row says
one year congratulations
Chernobyl kinsmen 429 fucking months in
a row says says thanks for all the
entertainment over the years I am a
robot
zero 1 zero 1 zero 1 says placed our
control - and free space - I don't know
what those things are the games ok
oh you know what I see this in chat here
gay Klingon ps4 says are you looking
forward yeah I'm sorry wants to know if
we're looking forward to the Netflix
Star Trek TV show
here's something that I just found out
about when when we hung out last yep
here in the States
the new Star Trek show is only coming to
CBS direct which is $5 a month
yep everywhere else in the world Netflix
is getting in yep
so if I want to watch the new Star Trek
show I have to pay five extra dollars a
month guess who's not watching the new
Star Trek show I hear I will if it
happens it would be a work expense I'm
hoping for a free trial where I can just
watch the first episode it is it is I
mean it's all working so is everything's
research but I you know we don't get it
on Netflix here in the States
I wouldn't sonder guns like that dr.
Gunther hooter hanker for 22 fucking
months in a row says I finally get a
Wednesday off of no stream but biscuit
is so cute with his little face and his
tail and his little nose thanks I I need
you guys to know I make it a point to
like take pictures of my cat just for
when we don't stream so I can post a
picture of it on Twitter because I know
you guys like that and I'm not a person
who takes pictures of cats and so I like
I'm putting I'm putting an effort for
you guys I have a little font file a
full of biscuit pictures just for those
occasions Jim docks Bay a Baba Yaga la
la la for 21 fucking months in a row
this is thanks for all the rich drones
specs for that's a penny fleshy patch
for
does that set up in here uh-huh
why she pads 36 motherfucking months
around says I've wanted to ask this for
three years which what is Jack I am I
broke it
nope what'd you break there we go we're
back
oh the confetti yeah well I got the
confetti but I went to a difference yeah
thanks for your page
you still got confetti you still got
confetti everything's fine
sorry William Thomas Edmund says hey
guys thanks for all the fun
I recently rewatched the plink at
Phantom Menace and was wondering who
would join Mike for a The Last
Starfighter review someone should do it
no media plans they don't I don't
remember the movie well enough but a
while since every watched it yeah wagon
wagon that mattered a green for 33
fucking months in row matured czar green
that says rich I agree slow zombies are
creepier with the Undertaker be as
intimidating if he ran out after the
wrestling ring like the ultimate glory
no no he wouldn't and I think that's the
point okay okay
dr. smoke trees for 12 months in a row
since one year motherfuckers rich watch
Firefly does have an ending the movie
serenity look Jack starvation mode is a
myth
you won't stop losing weight because
you're not eating enough cut your
calories starvation mode is a myth in
order for your body to go into
starvation mode you need to be you know
not eating for days yeah I never said
starvation mode doctor smoke trees I
just think I'm not eating enough
calories I've read enough articles from
fitness X
who say that if you eat so few calories
you will lose weight eventually but you
will lose weight weight at a slower pace
because it ladies in your body start
using muscle mass instead of fat because
it's higher protein or something like
there's there's a lot of there's a lot
of conflicting information but a lot of
it has to do with water weight if you're
not getting enough calories calories
your body will actually hold on to more
water yeah
and so like not only am i upping my
calorie intake and I'm not upping it a
lot I'm just hoping I'm adding like half
a can of beans to one meal that's my
upping my calories a little bit and
pushing water just making sure I drink a
ton of water so but I appreciate the
concern doctor smoke trees and yes which
should watch Firefly ok rich Reid
Stardust for 32 fucking months in a row
dark matter for twenty six fucking
months in a row says keep on rockin that
is a forward /m backslashes oh okay yeah
it's a slash and M and another slash
okay I get it
it's the horns I never I do listen I
don't understand emoji I poke Alex in
the eye for 12 months in a row since
this is what prereq is all about it is
the uncrossed desert and the unclimbed
ridge it is the star that is not reached
and the harvest that is sleeping in the
unplowed ground thank you hmm lakyn for
twenty six fucking months in a row
crabby uncle wah visas always
introducing me to new cool games makes
the hours I've entertainment you're
welcome lakyn for twenty six fucking
months and alone says I missed that one
you guys what we didn't read the thing
oh I must not have did I say Lincoln I
might have known I forgot to read the
thing you guys should do a bunch of PC
couch co-op games on a stream sometime
so I can figure out
which one which ones are good XD keep up
the good work we just can't yeah I have
a couple couch co-op games that I think
would be fun and a couple that I just
wanted to play he's got someone who made
a game that the couch co-op game gifted
it to us recently so then it looked
interesting but then Metroid came out
was it lakyn huh was it like maybe it's
like oh maybe I mean you have here every
couch touch cup games I mean
particularly ones that are
side-scrolling shooters or you have them
I don't know if you have them could 2:46
walrus to the brush wonder is it a me
lender and I say yes I be lender I be
lender I'm going to choose to say that
doyce go yes yes Chum does - yes key
story yes yes Dostoevsky Chum yeah
wow this Dostoevsky chum Dostoevsky chum
Dostoevsky jump we said eight times now
it's an interesting name that makes my
tongue do weird things which mark then
says I did it I remembered for three
fucking months in a row here's my Amazon
money boy yeah thank you thank you your
honor
it's fine also you're welcome link in
junior says he a four months yay four
months lag Admiral wrote rot Salah I
think it's rata Salah so a schoolboy
would have this name in like nineteen to
68 uh-huh
double-o seven rules nice
Ozzie Baxter who says who are you people
and how did you get into my kitchen I
think you need to see a doctor sir or
ma'am
and Carib define the Vinge
delle Vigne is bellavita third Cara
Delevingne says hi rich just saw it
movie it's pretty good okay it pretty
good pretty good pretty good lie send us
who says why do chicken coops only have
two doors because if they had four they
would be chicken sedans
do you get it
I wish you hit the button we're so close
to the buck we're so close to the
enterance we can do it we can do it no
fear no Envy for 31 fucking months in a
row says only through the elimination of
violence can we achieve world peace
friends forever we'll stick together
loyalty honesty Lindsey yo yo yo
sad woman I like that Jamis oh wait
couscous 40 fucking motherfucking months
in a row at 240 s fucking motherfucking
skeleton bill for 18 months in a row
says hi guys love you and oh wait no I
am there's one more up that wall Dyson
beard for God you only brought one
well Heisenberg for 36 motherfucking
months in a row so since I reached three
years today do I get an honorary Emmy no
what ME ME why mr. Alex Reynolds for 12
months in a row thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
well I'm in three years gets you an
honorary Emmy doesn't make any fucking
sense
