Jan 4, 2017
Fixing a PS4 controller, Glittermitten Grove, Frog Fractions 2
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/115823373
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/115853924
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/115901947
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/112296480
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wk09X13mefQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uZX160699KQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EVUGdyy3cY0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j-9h60lEho4
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/816750397503246336

[Part I]
we're back you are back I'm back I
welcome everybody from from your
tropical paradise is back from my
tropical paradise we we got questions
already about generic bleach how was
your trip I had a lovely trip that's
good
I loved the trip yeah you know a lot of
family a lot of drinking do you do you
miss the snow on Christmas we I was me
my wife my two boys we were gone on
Christmas Day we actually flew Christmas
Eve so we were out of the country okay
miss day so so yeah like it's weird for
me because actually like my family has
been going down to the Bahamas the first
time I went down there I was two weeks
old Christmas my mom was not Jack what
Jack talk into the mic hi
so at we've been going down there
actually for Christmas since I was born
basically kept like for me it's not a
big deal
for my kids like they were a little
worried about having Christmas down
there but we just had our Christmas
early so yeah so anyway while we were
down there I know and my Mike isn't a
weird placement because I'm gonna be
over here later
fixing my busted-ass ps4 controller
while we were down there
people were asking about how Tana might
now and I'm not tan at all because I
don't really tan I burn yeah and then I
go back to pale and we use a ton of
sunscreen and and most importantly we
stay indoors between 11:00 and 1:00
that's it that's what we're really doing
but is the prime sunshine or I'm
sometime we are indoors which is great
for me in any case we were down there I
went grocery shopping and you know it's
it's a different country it's it's not
as first world as we are and they have
just generic bleach so I tweeted out
generic bleach and that's where that
picture comes from okay
okay why can we only see the controller
that rich hates rich do you hate the ps4
controller no I've said I kind of like
it compared to the
Xbox one though the Xbox tiles could've
been grown on me in recent years I
prefer the Xbox one I don't I don't get
why the I don't get the off-center thing
with the Xbox one I just don't get why I
prefer this because my thumb rests at a
neutral position here and I prefer that
whereas the neutral position here is the
d-pad and then you have to kind of
stretch your kind of Shh
alright so that's why I prefer the
experts on but we have this out because
look at this everyone your finger is
covering it peel it away peel it away so
they can see how janky torn mine did the
same thing like the first week I had it
where the rubber the rubber is tearing
off of the analog stick and it's it's
it's they're both black the the the
plastic coating the the rubber coating
and the plastic underneath but yeah also
I need to clip my nails do you see how
awfully long my nails are I would cut
your nails on vacation and if you need
my defense I was just on vacation and we
did not have a nail clipper
oh that's good that's good it's mine
mine has done the exact same thing it's
I think we get it
I think I think we get it okay that's
the point so on vacation this segues
perfectly on vacation actually um I was
playing a little binding of issac I
brought my laptop with me
okay that's by a little binding of issac
and doesn't they need to see what you're
doing with the tools I really need to
rethink yeah yeah
here let me that works no it doesn't
because uh all right hold on everyone
rich bring stream back you gotta fill
time well I had to put my microphone
back into place that night and film time
just fine jack right well you're fuckin
around why didn't why don't you think of
this beforehand fuck's sake a simple
repair ends with the studio burning down
says over Newman what are they doing to
that poor controller well that poor
controller is a shitty built ps4
controller because apparently this is a
common issue with the rubber ripping off
the fucking analog stick because I moved
it forward you have to slide the thing
back because it's too far for because
those mics are heavy great start you've
had your rotoscope ik has had his ps4
controller for years and never had an
issue both of us less than a year and
the analog stick is ripped up just from
light use cuz the only thing I really
use the goddamn ps4 for is blood-borne
much on the ps4 what are you doing Jesus
Jack for Christ's sake the mic he's
working on it
can't hear jack can't hear Jack Jack is
getting static electric shocks
repeatedly and he is saying oh is it
just not plugged in you plug the wrong
thing in the wrong corded so how's
everyone doing here um John says rich
you've inspired me to play XCOM so I
blame you for having to watch the
heartbreaking deaths of so many of my
core core squad during the base defence
mission and not my incompetent
leadership glorious I was talking about
that pissed me off where I i lost the
soldier at the very end of the game
thanks to a perk the close combat perk
going off when I was in stealth and
ruining the stealth the soldier got
granite on that run I got through the
base defense missed
base defense mission I didn't even lose
any of the generic security grunts they
give you for that mission everyone
survived that mission why the TIE
fighters boys because they're there we
have them yeah don't you guys like Star
Wars
we're gonna we're gonna get into that
okay hey I fixed my microphone I forgot
about the noise loud name device is what
happened okay so good and we lost the
camera
you fix the camera I'll keep talking
merit rec times is rich I just got next
time to for ps4 and it feels way harder
than the first it is at first once you
get used to it it's about on par with
the difficulty of enemy within it's
about on par once you are used to it so
the camera just froze goddamn
motherfucker
and then the camera isn't working
because it's actually froze on the
screen the ps4 controller has flipped
upside down in reality it's sitting
there right-side up the camera is frozen
you can't tell because it's a still life
80's T's a TS TS a TS d fucking love
Star Wars
by the way we will talk about rogue one
spoilers potentially like if you ask us
questions about it the spoiler more
moratorium that's my word Bertram is
over a moratorium I'm not sure that's
the correct what is the correct word
something like that all right
it could be moratorium and that just
seems wrong it sounds weird to my ears
oh hey hey that we've camera all right
thumbs up everyone thumb's motherfucking
up look at that how weird my hand looks
looks plastic right oh I did something
you would have you been replaced with
like an early model Terminator you do do
do do you gonna try and kill me during
the stream moratorium use Kirk that's
just not that sounds like maybe I'm
thinking it sounds so close to mortuary
all right here we go okay so during
during my indoor downtime
when I'm on vacation yeah I played a
little Isaac and there's a lot of family
a lot of family there are these four
screws here here they explain everything
you're doing and why you were doing and
he said those are the four screws you
need to remove yeah so as as I'm in
doing my endure time I'm playing a
little Isaac cuz I got my computer with
me oh hey after birth plus is coming out
soon I get some Isaac time and really
having a good time with him my cousin
whom whom is like a brother to me
my cousin Jake the guy who directed Mike
and Dave nude wedding dates yeah he was
staying with me this year him and his
family were staying with me my family
this year and he sees me playing because
was telling about Isaac a little bit and
and all of a sudden like later on in the
day I come back into the place we're
staying and he's still motherfuckin
playing it yeah well good enjoy the
thing they do showed him because it's a
great thing and he did it on his nice
tropical vacation he's indoors playing
Binding of Isaac that's fine that's fine
that's fine
stay he's still playing it on my
computer he's some pointer you just like
get off of my computer well you know
like I I want to share Isaac with as
many people and you know I know he works
a lot he doesn't he doesn't get much
game okay you could bite and you know
like eventually I can get a little game
time he watches me i watch him I give
him some tips and everything's great
he actually bought it for his computer
but he didn't have a controller so now
he's just stealing my controller the big
dickhead but he loves it he can't stop
playing Isaac but he's using my
controller and I'm not blaming him for
ruining my thumb stick
I'm just saying after he played a bunch
of Isaac my thumb stick got him Elrond
you know I think it's just a bad thumb
stick yeah in any case so now I'm
replacing my thumb stick because it's
all gingka fine Chet if you think
tie-fighter stands for twin ion engine
your fucking nerd that's what they say
it stands for but it's called that
because it looks like a goddamn bow tie
that's why it's called a tie fighter
oh that makes sense it looks like a Bill
Nye tie and then they want it then they
wanted to make it like sound like it
actually meant something real yeah no no
that's like it something Star Wars II
yeah
twin ion engine does it have looks like
would have one in the back where's the
twin coming from fans with the engine is
it an engine that's a it's a big solar
panel yeah and I think that's what moves
them through is like the two solar
panels like what's that round thing in
the back there's no it's not like you
don't see like a glowing thing on the
back like you do with that with the
imperial star destroyers come on I'm
trying to get this open now that's why
you're not seeing it I'm trying to pop
it open what about the x-wing are you
telling me it looks like an X yes when
you see it head-on it looks like an eggs
damn you damn well know that you're
fucking with me no no they weren't
fucking with you they were helping make
your point okay they were they were they
were giving you another example of
something in the Star Wars I get it okay
I thought it was fucking with me
you just assume I do as I get fucked I
get fucked with a lot yeah the X and X
wing stands for extreme speed nice fix
that I'm fixing I'm trying to I'm shoosh
don't tell anyone rich is a Star Wars
fan I like Star Wars well enough I just
don't love Star Wars there's there's a
difference yeah like I like science
fiction so actually x-wings and Tie
Fighters that's one of the things I
actually really like about Star Wars the
TIE fighter that's just a great looking
science-fiction ship as is the
Millennium Falcon okay this thing that's
great
that looks great Star Wars loses me when
you start talking about the force that's
when Star Wars starts losing me okay so
I have to get those four screws off
here's important this is got this thread
here and you have to just you have to
unplug it from this little area over
here Jai are boring as fuck yeah they're
fine you know in the confines of the
movies in the confines of the movies of
the movie yeah Jedi's Luke is the most
boring character huh Luke is the most
boring character in the original trilogy
Luke is the most boring game when I was
a kid yeah and I played Star Wars with
my little brother yeah I let him be Luke
I wanted to be hung that's fine that's
put you know what that's fair but that
sounds it but in the confines of a movie
a movie needs in the context of a
fantasy movie and their fantasy movies
more than science fiction movies it's
fine absolutely absolutely
okay so the next thing we got to do is
we got to take out this battery so it's
just that but then you also have to
unplug it from this Dooley bop right
here
and that takes a little pop it up
there's the battery Oh what my god
so now yeah I guess I don't need to take
that apart I maybe I do sorry
well there was some debate on whether or
not I need to take out the battery this
battery thing which just kind of yeah
explain what you're doing like what you
took off some of those cord things what
are those okay so well so so this this
ribbon yes is what powers is what
connects the back to the front and so
like that'll send the information to the
lights and that'll send the information
from the the actual USB port to the
front so that rim is a but you know like
that just connects here so that's an
easy unplug there's this little guy
which is the reset pin and I don't know
what it does but everyone just says
don't lose this guy so I'm not gonna I'm
gonna put that right there with my
things not to lose so now I unplug the
battery whoop I unplug the battery from
the little battery thing plug thing oh
yeah I'm using all the technical terms
here's the battery
I'm putting the ribbon powers everything
huh they're saying the ribbon powers
everything well the battery powers every
well the ribbon is what connects the
power the ribbon the ribbon is what
connects this where the ribbon is what
connects this USB hole to everything
else so that's how it gets charged
that's how it gets charged and the
ribbon also sends the information to
this little uh to the LCD or to the LED
okay so now we have to remove this
battery plate which according to the
stuff I just watched like literally you
just rip off which seems terrifying I
hate that when you just have to like
break stuff apart and electronics what
do you wait what are you breaking I'm
not breaking it's just like hard to get
out it just pulls out yeah and I think
that's terrifying and I don't
necessarily need to just I don't think I
need to oh no I do because there's
another you can't oh here sorry I keep
forgetting this right here this white
thing is enough
ribbon that connects to the board right
here and so I need to unplug that and so
in order to unplug that you need to take
off this battery backing and in the
videos I saw that like it made awful
noises so I'm trying to oh god that
sounds like it broke but it didn't
it's just plugged in here I'll show it
well yeah once I get this other guy out
oh that's awful it's just like jammed
into this hole right here that's all
that battery backing was it just jammed
into that hole so also I need to
remember how all this goes back on it's
not breaking its a persuasive set it's a
persuasive separation nice one fruity
Bob exactly what is someone saying pull
straight oh god oh god I know I know
alright so then this little ribbon thing
here it has this if you can it has this
little blue lip right here meant to pull
definitely a word focus I know it
bothers me that this camera well you
know it's it's a rich girl Amazon or
order I'm a new controller this won't
end well says I'm lunchy you know what I
was thinking about that I was like oh
this is all broken I'll just get a new
controller but then someone someone on
Twitter said you know you can just buy
new thumb sticks I said really
cuz that's something that I would want
to do so then this whole board is
connected to the front of the controller
just by this one screw right here
Tiberius Kirk and all caps saying use a
plastic sputter not a conductive metal
screwdriver through late how about that
too late it's it's too late if it's
broken I'll get a new one I have another
one at home where does where does I
squeeze GATS come from ninety-seventh
jackal you have to ask Mike where he
heard it but it comes from Mike used
that for the flick it reviews as far as
what song it's from
that I do not know the biggies I don't
know much about the hips and the hops
cool yeah it's fine looks cool from what
I've seen the they I could have just
taken the board out but they say it's
better if we take the whole housing out
so then these like look that just pop
right off right yeah do you unscrew the
part of it huh these you still have like
the bottom part of them what about one
of the replacements look like oh they
just little room like I'm shocked they
fit perfectly on the I guess they just
probably should have a generic thing
that everyone uses yeah yeah this uh
these are some some xbox thumb sticks
that I got on Amazon for like six
dollars and I could have just replaced
the one but I figure if I'm gonna
replace one I should replace two I'm not
ignoring your donation question jack is
this is like for the controller fixing
stream I think Jack explaining what he's
doing is important and I don't want to
talk over that I'm going to I'm going to
get to it all so here look at the two of
them yeah we use the busted ones so you
can see like that's the exact same base
you see them and one is just ps4 and one
is Xbox what does it look like without
the plastic I mean once you take the
rubber off of the ps4 one not the
plastic the rubber this rubber yeah move
my drink so it doesn't go right into my
drink
my part of its glued on it's like it's
glued in the center but all of this
stuff peels away very easily that's some
you know that is that some shoddy
craftsmanship right there rich yeah I'm
gonna so I'm going to say that I'm gonna
say that I'd like to ps4 controller for
a lot but it's not glued all the way
around I can pull all of this off the
sides Xbox thumb sticks and a PS
controller
oh the sacrilege this is says and I love
this name says Doctor Doom it up doctor
do it up you know what I like the Xbox
thumb sticks their quality of thumb
stick so now theoretically so this is
the Xbox thumb stick Mario Mario 42
saying is it over molded or glued over
molded or glued and that's a good
question I this the the base feels glued
like I'd have to really pry this this
top layer off that feels glued I don't
even know what overmolded means okay
what I don't either
okay like you can kind of see here this
the side the sides are what's peeling
off the easiest so I think they just
meant like molded on there like they
melted it on the stick itself rather
than glued it on yeah like they just put
the stick in a mold and injected mold
over the analog stick as it was in the
mold to make the rubber that's my guest
for / molded but I don't know things but
like this Xbox one it feels like the the
rubber is a part of it this doesn't feel
like it's glued on it oh yeah so like
you know here's what makes a analog
stick an analog stick the analog stick
looking that's what an analog stick
looks like all right it's neat looking
so then this have you never taken a
controller apart before me yeah why is
this why is this magical to you Jack
don't you just think it's why why is it
magical to you i yeah it's just an
analog stick controller you got a you
got to say whoo look at this it's need
now because I think like standard piece
it's a standard piece of equipment
but like you know look at the look at
this I know you're being funny but yeah
you know how it moves freely and then
it's just like it's too like catches
over here that meant that Kent that
makes the left-right movement and it
moves freely and I think it's I think
it's beautiful so anyway I love
electronics the people the rubber on the
ps4 rubbed off ripped off yeah awkward
use felt bad yeah not bad these people
and some people in this chance that you
know why don't just buy another one
absolutely how much is a new ps4
controller cost Oh like I think when
they're on sale they're like 30 $40 on
sale yeah and normally they're probably
like 50 bucks how much did these
replacement arguing well superior Xbox
one analog sticks cost I got four of
them for six dollars with free shipping
so six dollars for four for four of them
so three dollars so three dollars I
needed one right I only needed to
replace one I am rad so for three
dollars I get two and so $50 is normal
yeah so like or I can spend a little
time to do some research
luckily I had some help with people on
Twitter saying hey you know right right
oh no way I think these have to line up
in particular yeah
let's need so you just put it back
together you just put it back together
that goes right all right
I'm gonna catch up with these tips sorry
Jen says oh goody you guys are doing
part of my weekend job for your stream
tonight don't mess up jack putting it
back together sucks oh god thanks Siri
also have another dream obligatory did
you get the thing I sent you again
picked up mail today I was in the middle
of doing it actually when Jack showed up
there if any mail so there's a ton of
mail behind me there's a ton of mail
okay so depending about what you sent me
I almost certainly got it
humberto cabbage pad says Jack I'm Jack
did you like a rival oh my god a rival
is fucking awesome so I need to see a
rival you need to see a rival and you
need to see it's so fucking fast yeah
this is all dinners I have no idea okay
oh yeah look that's gonna work great
that's gonna work great
part of the part of the the joy of
rooming with my cousin who is in the
directors guild yeah he gets a bunch of
screeners because he gets to vote for
Oscars yeah cuz that's how the Oscars
work by the way
directors vote for Best Director
producers know for best producer so on
and so forth and so my cousin Jackie
who's in the directors guild has a bunch
of screamers squares and he had to watch
a bunch of stuff while he was on
vacation well he didn't have to but if
you wanted to vote on any actor so I got
to sit in on a bunch of awesome movies
including arrival which I really wanted
to see anyway and it's so fucking good
it's that kind of it's that kind of
boring ass sci-fi that doesn't really
exist anymore it's it's basically the
first hour is Amy Adams doing homework
and showing her work and it's great and
then like the last little bit of it is
almost like a little action II movie
without with all that sciency build-up
it's great I will see it when it's on
the video slash Netflix slash DVD yeah I
really recommend it we had a I really
enjoyed watching them we also saw like I
don't want to say too much about it
because you know obviously I don't want
to ruin you don't want to ruin anyone
else's enjoyment all I can say is it
really does do you know the premise of
it I take a stab based on the name first
contact with some kind of alien city
yeah it is kind of like a contact II
kind of thing but not like contact even
just describe it without people don't
don't don't even try don't say it's good
and leave it at that there's a potential
spoilers really good slow smart sci-fi
and amy adams is great okay
who's Jeremy Renner's also in it Hawkeye
yeah
yeah and you know before or Hansel
Hansel Hansel and Gretel vampire burger
Cabbage Patch when I'm to say I thought
it was great probably the best movie of
2016 rich I love our XCOM team thank you
for taking me aboard when you were gone
yeah I think some XCOM like usual we're
naming you know people on the chat as
our soldiers and actually did two
streams that I'm taking this one through
to the end really this one's gonna be a
full XCOM playthrough yes so so far you
haven't lost anyone I have oh you went
very bad very early the first night I
streamed it second night I streamed it
well I know you've been hoping for an O
death run I thought that's what this
might be it no I've given up trying
III had my heart broken while you were
gone I had the best
XCOM run of my entire fucking life
everyone this is when I wasn't streaming
it's like a few days and I wasn't
streaming everyone was kidding yes you
don't know what this means but there's a
base defense mission and X come and it's
a big important mission and they give
you like low health grunts just to use
as cannon fodder okay I didn't even lose
one of them I got two what would have
been one of the last few missions of the
game the the overseer mission there's
like one quick research project and then
you build something and then you get in
the game after that and it can go very
quickly if you wanted to I got to that
and on that mission I was smart about it
I had a like a sector pod you showed up
okay they're like big tanks and I'm like
well I brought Ghost grenades so I'll
have everyone take a shot at the sector
pod then I'll use my gross can raid and
he won't be able to shoot at us we'll be
in stealth okay so we're in stealth and
then the sector pods walking by because
it can't see us
and he walked close to us and my assault
this is just the biggest oversight on my
part my assault had the close combat
perk which means when an enemy he gets
close he takes a free / wide shot a free
May
Nitori overwatch shot the sector pod
which is a giant fucking powerful tank
walks by my assault stupidly takes a
shot at it breaks is his stealth mode
he's seen and the sector pod is
literally standing right next to him
flanked and I lost him it was my
favorite fucking soldier because you
told him to do that I don't know there's
like right at the end jack that's like
practically the end of the fucking game
I gotta I cannot fucking beat that
mission I could have like sneeze cuz the
last mission is a fucking fucking
cakewalk uh-huh I could have a negative
like skipped every mission ever that
just did the research I need to do and
I'd have been done I'd have beaten
ex-con on classic with no losses not
even on the base defense I heard out I'm
so sorry to hear that rich so then the
batter goes back in there that's got
this little so like cable management
thing that I want to make sure a loner
Oregon says trivia the second Death Star
fires concentrated dark side from one of
the Star Wars books in other words it is
a stupid idea and you are right about
Star Wars being limited rich I don't
know if you've ever said anything more
correct than the Star Wars universe is
very limited yeah yeah oh no I remember
Tiberius thank you for looking out this
little reset button thingy it's put that
back into I don't know what this is
which excitedly telling us about a sex
crime gaming session but that that's not
possible because I don't like anything
okay so now here is one of the hard
parts don't lose these screws I need
these screws
just gonna push him right here I'd like
to do the thing where oh you can't see
this like I like to organize my screws
like I took that one out of the top
bottom I hope everyone does this one
Jack Hoffman says it's limited unless
you have the balls to explore it yeah
yeah yeah they used to explore the Star
Wars universe you know what it was so
fucking awful that Disney literally
fucking erased it from existence
yep no no yeah but like it was Giants
the star was also ridiculous the Star
Wars universe the huge expansive
universe was so stupid that Disney
fucking nuked it and and Disney is a
money-making powerhouse if they even
with something that can make money
they'll greenlight a may I make a happen
make it happen all the stuff that makes
this money right they the entirety of
the Star Wars Expanded Universe they go
nope nope not gonna do us any good I got
to get this little ribbon back guys
can't really see what I'm doing here but
I'm just plugging in this ribbon back
this guy right here
my big dumb fingers get in the way oh I
got blinking lights
I got blinking lights but rich has never
read the books it's not true you've read
some expanding eye back in the day I
tried this before III I didn't I didn't
there was a here's how I discovered I
wasn't really a Star Wars fan okay like
right around the prequel tenet premiums
came out that's one like the book
started flooding in like that kind of
like mid to late 90s okay when star wars
but that's what Star Wars became more
than just the original movies like mid
to late 90s and you know the prequels
came out and they were fucking horrible
and like before the pre even before the
prequels came out like how are they
gonna make the Jedi interesting this
Luke is like the most boring thing Luke
in return the Jedi Luke loses his
personality he's the fun adventurous kid
and then in return the Jedi is like you
must come to the light side father I am
dull now because I am a Jedi and Jedi's
are dull we don't crave it you know is
their whole thing I'm like how you gonna
are you gonna make a series of movies
about these jerks yeah and you know it
was terrible
okay well that was terrible uh you know
what I'll try some of these Star Wars
books first everyone loved the Thrawn
Trilogy or whatever they call it the
wrong there's these three books that are
a trilogy of books
everyone cites them is the best thing
since sex okay and I started reading one
of those and this you know Star Wars
this huge expansive universe like Luke
and Han and and Leia they're all they're
all on different adventures in this huge
universe like unrelated yet they meet on
the same planet coincidentally like
three times in the first book like the
third time it happened if I call for
this and I stop reading that and then I
gave another book a try it was the
courtship of Princess Leia I was like oh
it's gonna be hon and Leia flying around
in the Faulk and doing smuggler stuff
running from the Empire oh that's gonna
be fun
I started reading that and they crashed
landed on a planet of Jedi witches you
know because the Star Wars is such a
huge unlimited expansive universe you
know there's a planet of Jedi witches
and I'm like that's really fucking
stupid that's so stupid that was so
stupid I went to like some kind of Star
Wars for and I'm like god this is so
fucking stupid why you know Planet of
Jedi which is why is why is there so
much Jedi crap going on in this star war
this expand this huge expansive universe
yeah why is everything
Jedi Jenna Jenna force force force force
vampire force salamander force hunting
tiger white why is in like light saber
why is everything so limited yeah and
then all of the fans were like that
strong worse it's not Star Wars without
the joy that was the moment I realized
oh I'm not a Star Wars fan Star Wars
isn't science fiction and I'm not really
a Star Wars fan that was the moment
you're not a Star Wars fan you're just
someone who liked to the Star Wars
movies for salamander ha ha ha look it
up there's a force dampening salamander
it's got a goofy name but there's a
there's a salamander that dampens the
force nice this film just feeling a
little bit too tall for that controller
but otherwise nice yeah and they're not
gonna rip off no they're not gonna rip
up great you know what and and we got
power coming on back cuz look boom see
light now that means that means I
remembered to plug everything back in
that's great that's great
hey I did it rich I replaced the sticks
on my ps4 controller yeah that's just
something I wanted to do so I did it I'm
gonna move my microphone back and we're
gonna we're gonna actually play a game
how about that okay
you feel good about that I feel fine
about that rich feels fine about that
oh there's the 97 Jacki question that I
read just saying it in the chat okay
sorry about that we're not sorry because
I actually did read your question
gobbledygook says I saw rogue one right
up for Christmas and I slept through
most of it to be fair I was in Tahoe
Tahoe Donner and the oxygen is thinner
there I I almost left there most of it -
what's going on let's do I need to move
come on you got this you got this I got
it now okay
captain molar says my mom's no
Philistine
but when Darth Vader magically tossed
dudes around the end of row one she was
completely confused that for stuff that
for stuff was nonsense
Oh pluck my hawk walk my hawk that was
that was the most disgusting fanservice
Oh
spoilers heads up rogue one spoilers
we're about to talk about rogue one I
know that every every bit of Darth Vader
in that movie was pretty awful and this
is this is how I know I'm not a Star
Wars fan because I thought that was the
dumbest fucking thing I'd ever seen
yeah but nobody on the ceiling I
couldn't leave the stuff I couldn't
fucking walk out of the theater without
getting a foot full of dork semen yeah
that's all it was
that was nonsensical that was absolutely
nonsensical and then and then like you
know they hand it off to Leia and and we
we discover that like not only does
rogue one take place like before new
hope it takes place minutes before a new
hope yeah it's bull hockey bolt that
whole movie is bull hockey Richard oh by
the way considering it takes place
minutes after road one doesn't it make
Leia seem all the dumber when she's
trying to explain to invader in a new
hope that they're on a diplomatic
mission now we just saw you leave with
the Death Star plans we like it happened
ten minutes ago you just disembarked
from the battleship that I was on Leia I
was their bitch
right
I made no sense considering a new hope
is about yeah it was it was so dumb it
was so dumb also like I don't know if
we've like just officially had a talk
about how bad grandma dark and CG was
its worst it's it's the worst it was it
was Roger Rabbit esque cartoon with
real-life people
it was Polar Express esque remember how
creepy the Polar Express was the Tom
Hanks movie yeah yeah yeah that's what a
reminded imagine Tom Hanks from Polar
Express talking with real people yeah
yeah yeah yeah well that's why I
consider that's why I did Roger Rabbit
because it was an actual cartoon
interacting with a human
hila CGI was fine
no Tarkin looked awful Tarkin looked
there is absolutely no God reason they
shouldn't have just recast harken or or
don't show him or here I mean here's
here's the thing you won't you want to
connect it to the other movies you want
Tarkin to be a part of it right yeah if
only they had some sort of device where
people could talk to each other but like
degrade the image quality
oh wait those little fucking hologram
things that they use all the goddamn
time right yeah
Tarkin could be fuckin Prince and show
that that image from behind as much as
possible talking to what's-his-face sure
sure or you know like put him on a video
screen calling in right there are so
many workarounds that don't involve
putting a cartoon man next to your real
world actors fuck rogue one and other
grandma sorry Jen says also I'm trying
we got a lot I'm just writing to catch
out go ahead also if this doesn't end
well you can just send it to me and
we'll fix it for free for you oh thanks
there I I think I I got it working I
heard that there's sometimes there's an
issue where the board will become
slightly tilted and then your buttons
won't press right but then you just open
it up back up again and like shake it so
I think I got it
Tiberius Kirk is saying he needs to be
on the Death Star at that point
the Death Star is the size of a small
moon he can be on the other side of it
if somebody is on the other side of the
moon you'll take a conference call to
talk to that person
rich you're a genius
I met the gunner cuz can I'm at the
gunner position currently overseeing
production what do you need Joe that's a
thousand miles away
clearly you couldn't come over here yes
this makes perfect sense or okay ready
for this ready for this so what was he
doing on the desktop
according to rogue one I don't even
remember according to rogue one because
I never said he was just there so what
if you say had him on his way to the
Death Star and then he'd have to call
because here's the fun here's the fun
thing about making movies rich Evans is
you get to make them up everything is
protect every I'd like and I'm sorry if
I'm ruining people's perception
everything in a movie is fucking pretend
right yeah and so that's where you as a
filmmaker get to be a little creative
and work with your natural limitations
like let's say I don't know like x-wings
don't exist you got to make those up
right let's say let's say a little oh
you have to like shoot someone that's a
squib that's fake or let's say you're
actors fucking dead if you get to work
around that
you know I'm saying they should have
because that was the most distracting
fucking thing it really was it really
was yeah but ultimately all of the
characters were boring and that's the
that's the real problem sure we could we
could have just been nitpicking the bad
CGG we could that easily oh why are you
in big big picture mode I don't know but
this is you controller we're doing
something like troller and nano steam is
a hard-on for big picture mode even
though it's stupid pants I don't hear
big picture my I don't know thank you
wobb wobb says always loved watching you
guys and this is just
I needed an ID very soothing to watch
Jax hands at work thank you for all the
great word
you're welcome blah blah thanks for
showing up yeah no that's just something
I wanted to do and I said hey I know we
had a good time with the computer
building stream yeah and people seem to
enjoy us just doing shit like that and
that's just something I wanted to do
this is a nice excuse to do it let's do
non windowed and I'm gonna well I want
to hit play on this but oh well I'll
update I'll update the other stuff first
no that's not what I wanted I wanted
this there we go busting
game but yeah and but and and by the way
so I'm on vacation right yeah I'm on
vacation and I'm checking my phone I
have some internet service oh here and
there I'm checking I'm checking my phone
and and my good friend Mike busts out
pointed yeah twice I know and it felt
good like I was like I saw Row 1 and I
walk out of theater I go oh my god every
people are gonna riot this sucks
people people are gonna go nuts because
of how bad this is
and everybody fucking loves it everybody
in the world loves it rich and I don't
get it I have a theory
yeah it's probably not gonna be a
popular theory oh no no it's a very
gritty movie yeah yes it's this is
related to my theory on video games in
art related in a vague wife okay very
gritty it's the war Star Wars this is
the serious war and it's it's serious
business and oh everyone dies at the end
and the Star Wars is serious and that
validates me as an adult man who is a
fan of a children's fantasy franchise
that means it's okay to like this no
because it's dark and gritty that's my
theory I don't know if that's true it's
probably not true with everyone in might
be true with some people it doesn't
that's all I got as for why people like
a movie when none of the characters are
particularly interesting I read none of
them you know who I did like I like I
don't think Jin is good I don't think I
can't even remember that guy's name the
main man I cannot even remember his name
can you would want the main man cassini
cuz you know whatever his name cassio
casserole I think I think they're all
season
Cassin hasten maybe case captain casein
okay Calvary not Calvary house own
calzone yeah he wasn't very good the one
character I did like actually a
character I would be okay seeing a whole
movie of is chroot he's the blind monk
you know why because he had possibly the
biggest character moment yeah of anyone
in the movie I agree to that he blindly
he blindly trusts in the force he has
faith in the force right and at the end
of the movie he has to put his life in
the hands of the force in order to
complete a task the the they're the only
reason that's not a character arc is
because he always had faith in the force
but it was that like something he had to
learn it was put to the test when he
beat up a bunch of stormtroopers oh no
and I didn't say hit an arc he had the
biggest character moment sure sure it
certainly wasn't an arc he had he
started the movie with trust in the
force he ended the movie with trust in
the force and by the way so he has we
first our first meeting of chroot he he
takes down a bunch of stormtroopers yeah
dodging bullets and and and whatnot like
super badass moment right why didn't he
do any of that badass stuff when he went
to flip the switch because it was more
dramatic if he walked if he walks for
remember people dying that's art no
you're right
I'm gonna start this game people dying
in horrible misery and it doesn't help
the movie and this is this is this is
this is limited just me it's my personal
pet peeve I protect this death for the
true witness protagonist death it
doesn't do it for me
never has grits oh good Trudy yeah
absolutely not
what valuable lesson on our characters
learning none they're just dead right
right you know go on with a greater
insider to themselves at the universe
now they're just gone they're just dead
doesn't do it for me no and you know
like they made that like they made the
choice to like die for the cause before
the movies but but the problem was it
didn't bother me because I didn't care
about these characters in the first
fucking place right that's the problem
we have no video we're working on it
we're working on it there's us and
there's the game hey we're gonna play
this glitter mitten Grove game that
people keep telling us about

[Part II]
we have no video we're working on it
we're working on it there's us and
there's the game hey we're gonna play
this glitter mitten Grove game that
people keep telling us about ah there we
go all right one more thing I need to do
real quick when do I think death is good
there's but very very few times I have
liked it when the protagonist has died
you can dig around and probably find one
Terminator - Arnold why didn't I didn't
care about Arnold in the first place cuz
he's just a machine I never I never
liked Arnold as the hero and Terminator
- oh really
yeah okay there's a lot of things to
like in Terminator 2 but I don't know I
mean that's fair that's fair
I'm just trying well that's now that
works I'm just trying to think nice job
John Connors kind of it obnoxious kid
not it's not the worst I'm not just
kidding the film ever but no and then
there's the robot was programmed okay oh
that's fair yeah the best character in
that is Linda Hamilton is Sara yeah you
see the Iron Giant yeah that was even
though he does he comes back but you
don't you don't know he comes away I'm
saying that that's that's an example of
a character we have grown to love
throughout the movie and and he does the
whole noble sacrifice thing well the big
one is the Wrath of Khan Spock sure sure
but you could even you can even argue
there that really Kirk tis kind of the
central protagonist of classic Trek cuz
Kirk Kirk Kirk goes away with a valuable
lesson about life and
and he finally Kirk finally faced death
and he goes on with that knowledge just
slightly changed sure he finally has to
face loss so still that's not the quite
the protagonist is dead that's kind of
just one of the protagonists is dead not
even the main one ultime sir you've got
a good you've got a good one
now again very much like Wrath of Khan I
Green Mile I need to see it
you don't think we've not seen Green
Mile oh well shit that's not even though
even though it's an old timey prison
movie made by the creators of Shawshank
Redemption
yeah Oh first of all you should fucking
see Green Mile but you know what I think
that sells a very Wrath of Khan where
where the the character who dies isn't
necessarily the main character yeah you
know gladiator yeah it's kind of okay
with it and gladiator like I said it's
not a hard every 100% role as a general
role
I don't like it when the protagonist
dies it was my own personal pet beef
sure I don't expect other people to feel
the same way about it
my problem with gladiator is the fact
that he fought the fucking Roman Emperor
in the gladiatorial arena that felt very
schlocky other than that it felt shonky
because it was like oh pardon me okay
look at our options here music sound
speech full screen great
we can't really know we don't have
anything okay
all right ler T accent an image that was
amusing but I can't share that because
it was it was a page from a comic book
or somebody that reminded them of me
okay
so well Holland jr. says rich what is
your favorite Roth like feel drying lol
slack my clock there's um I don't know
what the name of the blog is there's a
blog somewhere dedicated to just
anatomically analyzing Rob Liefeld
drawings and it's kind of great you know
what every once in a while there needs
to be a Rob Liefeld Andy and here's the
great thing about Rob Liefeld and if you
haven't if you don't know who he is he's
a comic book artist just Google Rob
Liefeld and do an image search of things
he is drawn mm-hmm and then here's a
great thing about Rob Liefeld fucking
anyone can be a comic book artist all
you got and successful a successful
comfort you know what all you gotta do
is keep doing it just keep doing it
until you get paid because if Rob
Liefeld can do it fucking anyone can do
it he's terrible Oh tickle moss how
about tickle much was this oh the name
the name of our village sure that's fine
take a loss doctor do Madhab says I saw
Row one with 11 friends and they all
loved it while I was bored for all the
reasons you named in half in the bag I
highly enjoyed Mike shitting all over
the fanboys and his ladies of Lincoln
ramblings
Rob Liefeld todd mcfarlane ruined comics
in the 90s arguably yes they did
strongly promote creator rights even
though even though at some point in time
Todd McFarlane did some hypocritical
things that shit on creator rights yeah
that's different issue he kind of ripped
off Neil Diamond with the character of
Angela okay yeah but anyway no Anand
didn't live felt like sue didn't he sue
the widow's Jack Herson
Jack Kirby for like so he could draw
Captain America knows life oh I think
yeah that's what I said I said farlan oh
I'm sorry yeah life felt like sued the
widows of Kirby and someone else so yeah
I Captain America yeah I something weird
happened with it wasn't Captain America
it was a Captain America like character
that Kirby also did okay
Kamin got Angela back and sold it to
Marvel Neil Gaiman created the character
of Angela was the angel and the spawn
topics
and then despite all of his creators
rights nonsense time to farland
basically stole Angela and then there
was some lawsuits with Neil Gaiman's who
apparently got the rights and sold at
the Marvel and that is that is an
amazing story
angela is now owes daughter
that's so weird Odin's daughter Thor
yeah yeah
that's so weird and wonderful all right
so what is this game so far it looks
like a like like a like a real time
strategy ish like I got to build up a
village thing so I send out my little
fairies here we built the sleeping Hut
and I'm gonna build a pantry and then
I'm gonna send them out here to cut wood
I think everyone knows what this game is
for for those who don't know the the the
word is out that apparently glitter
mitten Grove is frog fractions too
and so I'm ready are you ready for it
I'm ready I'm ready to experience so
just like frog fractions where the
people might not know I'm frog fractions
is so sure so but we know and I'm not
gonna pretend like I don't write because
that's dishonest
oh yeah so like right now this is very
just like resource management move make
my fairies roll around stuff site
Djali niala says I think fanboys have
such high expectations to love
everything Star Wars that their brains
literally can't process the film's being
bad it's like blind patriotism it cannot
take critique or reality you say it's
like blind patriotism I think it has
more to do with religion it's I think I
think the Star Wars fan talking about
Star Wars in the same parts of the brain
lights up as like the fundamental
Christian who insists that the earth is
only 5,000 years old they look for
things that uh if you had like a cat
scan machine and yes like Kent Hovind
who was a creationist guy like you know
how old is here it's 5,000 years old
this part of his brain would light up
dude you ask a Star Wars fan like what
do you think of the Phantom Menace oh
the Phantom Menace is the best movie of
all time do do it be the same section of
the brain I swear to god they need to
can't scan these people Grove jyggalag I
said specifically the prequels not rogue
one my opinion on rogue one isn't it's
the worst movie of all time like Mike
asked me how I would but score I would
give it and we don't usually do that I
thought his word question I said I don't
know 55 so I said 55 I like out of 100
and then Mike said well what if it
didn't have the Star Wars branding
attached to it I said Oh 40 usually yeah
40 so I don't think it's the worst thing
ever the characters are boring the end
if you don't really care about the Star
Wars universe it doesn't do anything for
you like I can't take the Death Star
serious like all these people are dying
to stop the super weapon that tried to
blow up the teddy bear planet again I
can't take those I can't take those
those
gut-wrenching deaths that seriously
because it's it's the fucking dead star
it's it's it's goofy it's inherently
goofy I got you have Saving Private Ryan
with stormtroopers hey I don't get it
personally yeah
oh well there we go
well I get this traitor I think I think
if you're not a Star Wars fan ro1 does
absolutely nothing for you
most people are Star Wars fan and the
movies doing great so there you go
Hey
insolent King 2016 so I grew up with the
stranger-danger corny the alien series I
am now a medical doctor to this day I
remember that
Hakuna Matata is our family codeword and
I was only to trust people who said it
oh come on late or do your shit why
can't I see shit for the record I would
have scored row one like a 55 I probably
would've scored the force awakens like a
a 65 67 oh wow yeah this is why you
don't you can't do scoring yeah you know
it's like there's just so different I
know
hey guess late
I had enough food shit shit rich rich
zealot is a zealot whether it's Star
Wars religion or patriotism maybe I want
to do a cat scan to find out though if
the same portions of these people's
brains light up when they talk about the
insane things they're fanatical about
that's all I'm curious about
rich is jaded which is why I like I
slobber Oliver XCOM with loved Star Trek
ignore the things I love because they're
not the same things that you love please
please keep doing that remember how I I
got really passionate when talking about
how I lost my ex come let's soldier that
next time run like two or three missions
before the end oh how passionate I got
excited you can still talk really
passionately and excitedly about like
things that you enjoy and not enjoy Star
Wars that much not computer look like
XCOM 2 is a toy that's a that's a game
the children playing you can you can get
excited about that right yeah yeah I can
I can but you're jaded you're right
you're a jaded not nothing like the
jaded adults who slobber all over rug
ones just because of dark ingredients
got the fourth dark paper oh my god the
people like they Burridge they fucking
John Vader he put the guy on the feeling
with the far did he use his joke thing I
remember his fourth joke thing
do you remember Jen Jen remember no Jen
Jen sent me some budget she's a girl no
question about Jen here she's a girl let
me ask another question about you in
here when the she has a daddy
she is daddy and vertigo Jenna and you
know what she's jaidynn you see that
means she has no value was a human being
she's jaded what uh what do you suppose
like but like later in the movie she's
the one giving all the speeches all the
hopes that's right oh yeah well
where did that come from where the fuck
did that come from and why was she front
and center this vagabond that they only
rescued because she had some vague
connection to a person they actually
didn't care about right is now giving
the pep talk to all of the head honchos
for the rebellion and I'm just sitting
there going why the fuck is she doing
what is she doing this why are they why
are they listening to her also what
she's like she's also like this super
like when we first meet Jen o as an
adult she's like in a prison camp right
and she's working with like the
rebellion that's not even working with
the rebellion she's a she's she's like
out there right and that's supposed to
be her character oh but we're like
remember when she saves a little girl
it's like oh no so she'll risk her own
life to save other people's life already
so so shit I guess I guess she just does
not have a character arc so whatever
this is boring characters they're just
boring like I agree oh they died oh I
guess they died to stop the goofy planet
killing superweapon but that's important
and it's not goofy because we like Star
Wars and it's and so this is serious
business
serious business here rich the Death
Star plans are serious business what I
planted a seed didn't I
it's exactly as important as the
soldiers who died taking Normandy it's
exactly as important as that yes I agree
I agree rich why didn't I plant this
before I did I had to wait those
we have to remember the sacrifices those
fictional characters made the stop the
fictional weapon there we go rich please
tell Jack to start using fireworks to
dig straight down oh can I do that you
know what first of all fuck you I am
building a village here look at my
fairies are collecting food and shit how
about how about this how about you
settle the fuck down
my fairies of building shit I'm gonna
build another thin berry bush
boom build it we're collecting food
yes Gemini 3 says rich are you telling
me why you chat you name too many things
that's good but it's also bad oh how do
we get Sparkle
okay how do we get Sparkle oh great how
do I collect Sparkle you tell me that a
series with Death Star star destroyers
and laser swords is goofy that's exactly
what I'm saying but my point is I've
heard a lot of people talk about how
this lets us know how important it was
and the sacrifices these people made to
get the Death Star plans and that's why
rogue one is a good movie because we get
to see how serious this one that's what
I'm commentating on I'm fine with the
goofiness Star Wars the original trilogy
it's a fine it's a great fun adventure
film Star Wars is a great movie Empire
Strikes Back is a really fucking great
movie and return the Jedi was an
adequate conclusion when it needed to be
I'm done with it after that like I've
heard someone made a comment like didn't
even know what they think Star Wars
should do next and I do not speak for
anybody but me when I say this I
definitely don't speak for Mike I
probably speak for James I don't think J
gives a shit but me personally I don't
think they need to do anything the Star
Wars made they told those stories 40
years ago
yeah they were good you don't need to
drag the corpse around trying to trying
to return a simple adventure story into
an expansive universe was never meant to
be that it was never designed to be that
they never cared about how the universe
worked together or what the politics
meant it was never meant to be a
cohesive universe it was meant to be his
Luke Skywalker he becomes the Jedi hero
he fights the monster and he beats the
Empire's have happy fun time right they
told that story and it's done it's done
make a few video games it's fine okay
now I have sparkles plant firework
it takes a long time to get to frog
fractions you need to start digging now
shut up how about that cuz eighths part
oh I don't have enough sparkles I don't
have enough sparkles
none of us says hey rich and Jack did
you ever hear that Walt Disney hired a
gangster suppressed a labor union on his
lot that I have never heard that I have
heard their white slavers Oh some white
slavers or what kind of slavers wasn't I
believe it was just white slavers
slavers is what I'm George Lucas said
about Disney because they wouldn't let
him play with the toys that he sold for
four billion dollars using more space
how do I get crystals evil Lord David
says hey Jack
hi David popping in David I missed you
dearly while you were gone
you're like a fatherly comforting stream
deity the yin to riches yang are we any
closer to a Knights of the oval public
stream no they might have one of these
days oh I'm really happy you guys miss
me I missed me and I'm very thankful
that rich did some solo streams while I
was gone they all missed you they all
missed you I appreciate it
a significant number of the missed you a
few one or two David knows there was
some missing you going on just David and
some other guy oh okay oh I just built a
wait what are these things I'm glad I'm
you know I'm glad I'm back vacations are
nice vacations are super okay so wait
now I can make a firework firework
this
we I did it yeah I planted a firework
good good eunbi under says brave heart
Romeo and Juliet Turner and hooch the
prestige Philadelphia leaving Las Vegas
dancer in the dark oh by the way have
you seen di TD what I don't understand
that
o dancer in the dark well no no bad why
are those those are don't have question
marks buy them those those are all
movies in which people die o dancer in
the dark I have seen and I did not think
of it you're a dear and you're
absolutely correct dancin darks great
dancin dark is beautiful is a beautiful
haunting movie never been a fan of Romeo
and Juliet they're just dumb kids braver
yeah that's thinking it works there I've
never been a a comically huge Braveheart
fan it's a good movie like I said this
is not a 100% I hate it 100% of the time
it's as a general rule I kind of don't
like it the protagonists dead
specifically the protagonist yeah
there's a main character we're following
in that character gets killed off I
typically don't like it and Braveheart
would count as that yeah the prestige
okay oh I missed the treasure chest come
on I wanted to shit I know what happens
in the prestige I've never seen it and I
know I need to I've never seen the
procedure I know what it's about
and it's great turbo
maestro Chesto says hello if I
understand correctly rlm was a
work-for-hire video production company
do you still do that at the side or is
it 100% YouTube related stuff now thanks
for all of your wonderful work yeah
right now it's pretty much 100% YouTube
videos review stuff back back and back
in the day there was red-letter weddings
way back in the day occasionally filmed
like a seminar for somebody or something
like that yeah that's that's pretty much
gone
store food just collect sparkles
way back on it yeah I know and and me
myself I still do that stuff I'm
actually I'm working on now that the new
year started new things have settled
down a little bit I'm working on a
couple projects one possibly Super Bowl
related which I'm very excited about not
because I care about sports at all but I
just means traveling and I enjoy
traveling so all right collect those
sparkles motherfuckers
oh here we go I want I really fucking
want this treasure chest but I don't
want to blow up my tree you know I think
you just need to focus on going down
jack but this treasure chest will have
shit in it it said it said the treasure
chest have shit in it I just need like a
aerial you do it you you do you Jack you
do you trader to Z trader tot scene
should we have this before trader to z
SH trader to Z trader disease that's how
it's supposed to be pronounced okay
finally I am NOT exhausted when you
start streaming okay welcome so now you
get a bunch of tips yeh from some fucker
who wants your opinion on games you
don't give a fuck about also Happy New
Year thank you thank you vice versa man
says in 2016
P rec got to chat with the creators of
some of your favorite games ex comment
Isaac respectively true how cool is that
Congrats any hopes plans resolutions for
2017 lol forced my salamander what your
salem and important for sit for sure man
yeah there was a forest salamander in
star wars rate that expansive universe
that they nuked do we have any plans or
resolutions for 2017 oh we just got a
fucking wing it like we always do I mean
we're gonna wing it like we always do
we're gonna wing it like we always do
there's nothing up the rich before the
stream that we might give a go at
something new video wise which I would
be interested in personally just because
it's always oh oh shit
apparently you can't put shit on the
edge
we were talking about doing a thing
right before you hooked
and you were gonna think about it what
if I told you I forgot about it
you did not think about it at all didn't
think about it okay oh wait wait I know
what thing you're talking about now okay
I do think about it you know all right
well keep thinking keep thinking about
it keep thinking about it how about this
is one of those Yaya nurses StarCruiser
go crash yeah yeah that thing you said I
think that was like a that said that
sounds to me like a Star Wars thing
doctor base thing go boom boom kind of
this is how it works
dr. doom it up says I recently started
blood-borne as a Dark Souls veteran I
love the areas and fast combat but
fiercely hate the bosses all the
screaming and jumping any motivations to
keep me going
lol a stepladder I like the bosses and
blood-borne I mean it's a lot of
screaming but you know it's that's in
theme i I don't I don't really have any
motivations to keep you going I had I
mean this is just kind of personal
preference I mean I think me and Jack
both agree that we like the ambience of
blood-borne more yeah the whole
Lovecraftian kind of village II Goffe
thing is kind of more interesting to us
personally than the medieval stylings of
Dark Souls agree that's that's largely
cosmetic yeah I also you know also the
gunplay gunplay versus shoes I mean I'm
mostly a melee guy anyway I didn't use
the gun much oh really
I use the blunderbuss which didn't have
much range on it because I just wanted
to stagger is it's fair
hey someone gonna pick up this
motherfucking treasure ladies hello so
you don't like direct control over them
well like I can tell the chopping wood
and I can tell them to build shit but
apparently I can't tell them to pick up
0:05 food Oh apparently I needed to
click on that another mother fuckin
paintin
captain Waller says I really like the
rich solo streams TM but prereq is best
with both yin and yang thanks guys what
the hell are you playing what does this
call litter glitter mitten Grove yes we
are playing glitter mitten Grove which
if you don't know and haven't been been
paying attention it's a fairy game it's
a fairy game if you don't know what
haven't been paying attention this is a
fairy in Jason then just go with it this
is what I'm saying it's a resource
management game so I control this group
of fairies glitter mitten Grove what's
my what's my save you know we haven't
saved in a while tickle moss tickle Moss
is my is my town okay built a new pantry
that's great
and so you know basically they said
winter is coming
so I really I've been working on food
storage because I said that's gonna be
the biggest issue is you know make sure
you have plenty of food for all your
fairies I've housing to make sure that
my favorite sleep I can check on him
here sleepiness maybe I need to build
another house because they're sleeping
this meter is starting to get a little a
little nuts
wellhow and junior says rich
have you ever mentioned to Mike how
George Lucas ripped off Jack Kirby's of
the New Gods for Star Wars I don't know
enough about the New Gods to have a very
long conversation about it I have heard
of this all I really know about the New
Gods that's similar is that the the hero
of the New Gods Orion is the son of
Darkseid the villain I know that it's
not the new gods but it's another Jack
Kirby creation I've heard that Darth
Vader is basically doctor doing oh yeah
yeah interesting
I mean but like the original Star Wars
stuff is so trophy by design you know
but it's kind of ripping off supposedly
it's kind of ripping off Kirby
specifically oh yeah yeah okay I don't
know enough like I said I don't know
enough about the New Gods to really have
much of a conversation about that though
build my shit fairies do good and
sparkle gems mine it by blasting holes
that's what I need to work on now I just
need to work on mining my food I got
good food storage I have seven fairies
no work of art exists in a vacuum
everything is inspired or influenced by
something that came before it it's
absolutely true which is you're a wise
wise man sorry jack your new trees and
your fairy trees and the fairy forest
because some people what I'm doing here
you know like oh oh here we go here's
some Jamie's the fairy fairy fairies
with the fairy fairy you're doing the
fairy I'm working on now is is a I'm low
on crystals and so I'm going to try to
blast my way into some more crystals
here here we go like like Superman is
supposedly ripping off the story of
Moses oh sure sure orphan sent them the
river by his parents adopted by somebody
else raised in a different culture and
because Moses yeah becomes the hero yeah
I could see that I like it Jewish
creators oh yeah
which is why which is which makes the
Zack Snyder Jesus imagery so much
weirder
because Superman is very much Moses
inspired and he was created by two
Jewish dudes you know Superman is a
Jewish immigrant and yes Moses ripped
off Gilgamesh I mean that's these things
are all pulled on everyone remember that
time that Moses kills half of Metropolis
but you remember remember that time that
time Moses killed half the Roman arms
during that time that in the Moses story
God killed off half of Egypt with flames
and frogs it's all there right I also
remember the parting of the water and
Moses shut it up on the Roman army
killing them all fuck man
you drop the fucking River on the sea it
was a seed drop the red city on the
Roman army a mother father a Gyptian
you know what that story jumps around so
much as it is okay back to it I feel I
feel good so far with my with tickle
moss or exploring I'm worried about
fairy housing that's my big concern
right now oh that's right people had the
Moses head of his own people killed when
they started worshipping Baal who was
the who was the calf they don't hang out
that wasn't ball wasn't oh I don't know
the name it just know that I know the
Jews kept wanting to worship Baal and
then bad things would happen to them
that's that's a good portion of the
Bible and then went back to worship and
gob and then later and they started
worshipping Baal again and then oh god I
think God did something horrible always
you know always going with Baal come on
that works well they weren't killed they
were punished okay okay I take it back
I don't that ball just a calf okay
that's all I knew it is shit man I don't
know nothing about nothing but the Jews
did occasionally start worshipping Baal
instead of God and then God will get mad
that's that's a large part of the Old
Testament it happens repeatedly
renegade renegade akira says renegade
Kira I guess the east part of renegade
and then Nvidia tends to the renegade so
renegade Kira and that renegade renegade
Kira yeah I'm gonna get Kira says hey
guys I there's an animated Justice
League dark movie coming out this month
sure is Constantine's antenna Etrigan
and swampthing together at last
have you seen the other DC animated
movies I haven't seen a lot of this
straight-to-dvd ones I mean I've seen a
lot of the the DCAU stuff from the TV
shows but I haven't seen many of their
straight-to-dvd
and I know some of its really good I
just I haven't seen him
vadoma says George Lucas gets to take a
four billion payout make movies live in
a beautiful ranch and hand that head of
hair some guys get all the luck honestly
that's true it's gorgeous
fucking true it's gorgeous oh shit oh
winters here how much that money should
have given to John Williams I'm sure
John Williams made enough money and the
fucking art designers that's who that's
who deserve the money yeah yeah the look
of Star Wars but that kind of yeah it's
high-tech stuff but it looks used and
beat-up that's such a great look how
much money did his wife get in the
divorce for re-editing a new hope and
creating the franchise she's the only
one who got properly compensated fucking
right fucking right and she deserved
that much and more for making that man
trainer dazeem says watch the last Jesus
shut up already very fun like best of
the worst with game but maybe next might
want to try game that don't want to make
you kill real people rather imaginary
xenos like Dawn of War 2 or just sick of
just shut up I think I don't know I like
just shut up already it leads to a lot
of butthurt that's true like I'm sure
I'm getting enough shit for not loving
Star Wars right now
nearly as good a job as I wanted it to
hey that one oven just Alex 64 says I
get what you're saying about the Star
Wars universe being very limited every
time I try to come up with a good Star
Wars that doesn't revolve around super
weapons and rebels I just think Trek
could do this better it's very true it's
very true Star Wars rebels and rebels
and stormtroopers and lightsabers that's
all they can do the foundation of Star
Wars was I want to do a super simple
adventure story wasn't Orion I have an
idea for this universe I'm really into
the details of how this universe works
and how it came to be with even how it
functioned basically basing it off of
the serials that were archetypal
characters like that's how he built the
universe so why is anyone surprised that
the universe you can try and turn that
into a universe it's gonna take a lot of
fucking work yeah I explained this in a
different stream there they're building
on sand the foundation is sand
so they've got to make a Star Wars
universe that's interesting and they're
effectively starting from scratch all of
all of Star Trek was like fifty years of
actually episode by episode building a
universe mm-hmm
Star Wars doesn't have that yeah
whatever whatever Star Wars is veered
off of stormtroopers and rebels it's
been a disaster you get the you got the
fucking prequels that was their attempt
at expanding the universe we will show
how their politics work and I'll go
gangbusters don't you think oh yeah it
wasn't competently done I've made the
argument that Star Trek the space
politics all the time and it's actually
really interesting and engaging we have
to deal this ethical dilemma we need to
move the people because this planet's
unstable and the star is gonna blow up
but they won't leave the sacred relic on
the planet and we can't make them go
because it's against our prime directive
we can't forcibly move them that's a
Star Trek story and it's all about like
politics and it would work they would
make it work try to do that with Star
Wars they did try to do that mr. Hurst
build my shit fairies
Star Trek and G is pretty boring what
Star Trek ng that's oh they forgot the
tea oh well then you're just wrong I
don't care right yeah we're welcome to
your opinion
I completely personally disagree and I'm
gonna say they're not even welcome to
their opinion thank you fuckin wrong
like how does that feel to be so wrong
man I guess you're used to it at this
point though they have lightsabers it
doesn't have lightsabers you're right I
want a fucking lightsaber that way you
know what that would probably hurt man
I'm just putting that out there that's
gonna hurt
better find the most efficient firework
London Fleck since Key says rich don't
confuse bad filmmakers with a limited
universe then then what way is starlike
know we've already been through this
with with the expanded universe that was
already crashed that does it when to
trust when have they done it right if
it's not limited where have they done it
right and and if you name by the way if
you name like oh this one books gonna be
no it's gonna be the Old Republic which
I haven't played oh sure that's what
it's gonna be it's gonna be that one
thing they're gonna name one thing out
of a thousand attempt I know I know it
if you're batting one out of a thousand
you fucking suck putting that out there
but I haven't played it I can't comment
on it I just know everything I've seen
Star Wars that wasn't the original
trilogy has typically been pretty bad
and and some of the few times it's
worked for me outside of the original
trilogy has been in an action game when
you're shooting at the things that's fun
but as you said isn't that the same
thing isn't that the same of TNG very
few of the TNG stuff if you include
everything is bad I'm trying to
understand what you're saying their
thing is worded weirdly oh no I think
that was my argument is well they're
batting one out of a thousand and so
they're saying isn't that true about
Star Trek The Next Generation and no I
think there's no TNG is largely except
for season one
Tiberius Kirk now I'm with you Kirk I
don't think ones that bad I don't think
was that bad except for season one
TNG is pretty rock-solid with the
occasional oddball all right we're not
talking Voyager here we're not talking
the boys are yeah batting very low we're
talking the next-gen which which has
decent odds TOS is good T and G is good
Deep Space nine is good voyagers bad
enterprise's bad right but Trek has some
some it's proven to be a good universe
and you know what original series not
many seasons right three yeah three
seasons how many see how many great
seasons of the next-gen did we get five
great seasons well okay and how many
goods well the glass seasons the last
thing the first seasons I think bad yeah
bad two mediocre at best and then the
last season you get a lot of mediocre
okay with some bad but we get some good
in there but you get on hold five solid
great seasons
some people say - I think season 2 of
actually of TNG is actually really good
some of my favorite episodes of T&G; come
from the second half of season two first
half of season two there's a lot of
climbing out of the muck of season one
but I think by the time you get to the
second half of season two it's really
starting to kick in
food season 2 was junk the doctor was
just ugh
oh no Pulaski was great crusher is
boring as fuck dr. Pulaski Pulaski had a
thing she had some fire in her belly she
had something she didn't like and Royce
he didn't like teleport and she was
great here things I'm okay with crusher
I don't care Beverly she's just boring
she seems like a soap opera doctor yes
I'm a doctor
doo doo doo doo doo doo I say doctor
thing unconvincingly I'm hot which is
I'm kind of hot has compared to other
people on this show I'm kind of hot and
it's actor doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
doo hey we got to here to my fairies are
all gonna die how's their hunger hungry
Pulaski was bones ish and I'm okay with
that says Kilroy mix Spurlock yeah thus
the bones got along just fine with Kirk
Pulaski wasn't afraid to get all up in
Picard's face when she didn't agree with
him and that was good that was a good
thing but she wasn't hot he was old I
don't know they're not saying that I'm
saying that I'm pulling that out of my
ass okay I will I will defend dr.
Pulaski from season two goddamn it I I
think black sees all right she had her
things you know she had her things
little rules gotta build a palace I can
build a palace
I need some motherfucking Oh oh good we
got some food back now great what is
your favorite episode of TNG probably
sick of me saying it who watches the
Watchers we're the primitive Society
that kind of Moken like like proto
Vulcans but they don't know anything
about space travel or anything they're
just like thinking he's still got bows
and arrows and whatnot
yeah and then they accidentally see like
a federation outpost that's studying
them and they think it's gods and Picard
has this old dilemma where the fact that
they saw Starfleet personnel is making
them like it's creating a religion yes
uh Picard religion and he's trying to
put a stop to it I'm a member that is a
great episode it's dying from lack of
the light what oh oh this oh oh okay
wait we can take care of it you can take
care of that
but speaking of sci-fi do you enjoy the
Outer Limits at all says the master mm
I've never seen much of the Outer Limits
but I'll tell you this much I love the
old black-and-white Twilight Zone oh
yeah
classic fucking show the Twilight's fuck
yeah everybody loves the Twilight Zone
anyone who says they don't love the
Twilight Zone can go ahead and get
fucked that's what I say
it's my thoughts on the Twilight Zone
see people are talking about all these
they're having arguments all these great
fucking TNG episodes it was a solid show
watching all good things finale oh fuck
yeah that's how you and shit that's how
you fucking Shane of command
Picard gets tortured by the car - yep
yep so many good episodes
keep building my shit fairies okay let's
get caught up y'all
commit Sein 120 says hello jack and rich
I have have either of you seen
Trainspotting
if so thoughts on the sequel coming out
next month also what movies are you
looking forward to in 2017 Thanks yeah
I've seen Trainspotting that that's
required viewing if you're a someone
who's into film in high school you're
not super a movie guy I know I know
that's the weird thing with me hey
you're very you're very clever about
movies which makes it surprising that
you're not really a movie guy I'm June
laid back I don't go out of my way to
see things frequently like it's
depressing Lee I had to practically be
forced to watch Fight Club like I'm
saying I was all I was almost dragged in
that one kicking and screaming I fucking
love it it's one of my favorite movies
of all time like I don't want to watch
that I don't feel like it
same with Evil Dead - no maybe yeah I
got really good I really have nothing
better to do tonight all right I'll
watch evil then - oh my god that's great
yeah I know it's gonna be the same thing
when I see Deadpool which I still
haven't seen it took me a long time to
watch Brandon you did take your long I
don't know what it is with me I am odd
like that
movies were looking forward to I just
brought a mine looks good you know the
first Peter Parker I'm screened Peter
Parker I've liked some a little bit
looking forward to that yeah I'm
surprised for that I don't know I I
barely like sometimes I forget that a
movies coming out like you know the
preview came out I'm million years ago
and you just forget so I'm sure there's
a movie that I'm looking forward to that
I just can't remember at the moment
Austin Technicolor says Jack may I
recommend a very good documentary that
just came out that an old friend of mine
worked on sure it's called tawa and it's
about the University of Texas sniper
back in 1966 fascinating story yeah I
don't know about Jack I'm interested
yeah cuz that's a good story
send it our way yeah are you familiar
with the incident I enjoy documentaries
one of the first mass shootings in the
u.s. guy what nuts
they actually he requested the autopsy
his brain because he knew something was
wrong with him he ended up having like
some kind of tumor in his brain and they
think it was making him like super
aggressive really but who'd he kill I
think it was just white his wife and his
mother or something like that he killed
like his wife and his mother they took a
sniper rifle and ammo and he went to the
I think was where wasn't am I gonna stay
in that he says Anna yeah in the
University of Texas okay he climbed up
on the top Clocktower
uh-huh and he was like a trained sniper
and he just started picking people off
from range and they could not get close
to him he was a fuckin sniper he was
like sniping at the cops and their way
up the tower they had to they had to
like dodge bullets on their way up to
the top of the fucking tower to murder
this guy that's crazy that's crazy
I love documentaries then he killed his
whole family after writing a letter okay
it's like it's like one of the first
mass shootings at least famous ones in
the US I mean it sounds like a great
documentary subject isn't that great -
who are we talking about I can't
remember his name I'll know it when I
hear it I can't remember his name you
look up you like a Texas sniper in that
year he'll come up
Charles Whitman that's it thank you
thank you Chad Charles Whitman judge
frowny-face in the shop with the name
with the with the save the documentary
is called tower I don't know about Jack
I am totally looking that up great I
love documentaries there's way too many
there's way too many good movies to
watch I think he I think like he got
like an extra murder like decades after
the fact somebody eventually succumb to
a womb they had during the incident but
I was like 30 years later they died of
complications well he's got another one
right I think I think they were on
dialysis they got shot like the kidney
they were like I'm dialysis and
eventually they're like you know take me
off dialysis I'm done yeah I'm done and
then they died and he got another kill
on his record he shot a pregnant woman
for the belly killed the fetus she lived
I think he shot the she shot he shot her
belly and then the father yeah it's
horrible and fascinating I found out
something was actually we're just wrong
with his brain I had a tumor
I found a doorway I'm going through the
doorway rich hey rich
text world I found the next layer I
found the next layer move hold Q and W
punch yourself I don't know I don't
necessarily want to go back to fairy
world
so can you even I don't well o punching
yourself resets you see a message here
enter read message to my forehead enemy
ahead message reads butts question mark
butts butts got it you found in our I
think there's some kind of symbol the
message reads weakness Dao de vivre the
VIS yes got it I found it I found a
thing
yes I am Keita I lock the store all
right cyan 1 cyan key I think touch em
don't be a pussy you found a gym ok the
gems they're not keys of gems listen in
text world I don't know nothing
this is 6th world alright did rich sound
a little bit too excited about that
shooting because it's a documentary
about an incident I found fascinating
and oh I get to get new information I
get new food for my brain
what what is going on is it like a door
yes it's like a gateway into like a
church area but your way is blocked by
water yeah around no sight which lady
when should I read chat what should I
read down tipster should I just hold off
for a while
should we should we what I'm saying is
should we delve into fraud fractions and
put the sun'll yes yep good I'll get to
these things eventually but for right
now we're frog fractioning it we just
hit it we did the game just got real I
know it took me a while with glitter
glitter mitten Grove but I made my way
down at my own pace thank you very much
Chad we just wanted me to dig dig dig
dig probably would have been the smart
thing to do
hey this is this is unfolding at the
pace I don't those look like lasers yeah
yeah that's gonna kill me or maybe I'm
not this is fraud fractions that could
be part of a puzzle
good luck and good luck got it nope
can you just hold the key down to
Professor yeah you're gonna do that and
up okay what happens if you hold down in
I mean right hand left hand up right
hand up in the scanner right now yeah
how was it boom
you found a Liberty blue so I got I got
two blue booty bloops now
so there's blocking your way what are
those dire shrubs
I guess now it doesn't matter if I die
right does it save oh I still got the
thing I'm fine oh okay apparently I
don't have a sword so I go into the
Zelda cave here that's what I'm supposed
to do welcome to the txt World character
creator please choose a face color
licorice blueberry pie with Linda meadow
lapis lazuli pomegranate lilac
cappuccino rain storm that would be me
moonlit walk key lime pie vanilla
vanilla snowflake important pass effect
I wonder if I had one on this computer
it would do something funny do it do it
I don't have one on here but it's
looking for one I don't think you can
see this you can't see this a window
popped up that's asking us for a folder
for an actual Mass Effect to say okay
that is actually asking us you can
actually import one that is great I'm
just gonna cancel it looks for a safe I
don't have one I just cancelled I
haven't touched Mass Effect 2 since Mass
Effect 3 came out
I I'm good what does it look like I
really got I would love to know download
one online we can download one to see
what it does
everyone wants us to download one and
this is the fun frog fraction stream
Jack I said we find one how do you find
one I'm one go online just say download
Mass Effect 2 save there's a website
dedicated to them is it true yeah well
because at the time there was the
illusion that your choices would have
consequences sure so people upload
gameplays where they did different
things save these people killed those
people this person's dead this person's
alive
save those plans this will really matter
in the third one nope nope that's effect
to say by the way there's the website is
Mass Effect 2 saves dot yeah I'm just
familiar with it we played Mass Effect 2
so you don't have from from back in the
day yeah well while you're doing this
how do we yeah I think go to the bottom
can you click actually go up a little
bit can you go up can you click on like
those things those private links I don't
know that it matters what the hell one
you do you figure it out I'm just gonna
read yeah but I don't know I don't know
what I mix the Lyman I don't think it
really fucking matters yeah for frog
factions to I don't think it really
fucking matters just find one okay I'm
downloading a Mass Effect to save okay
jelly nyla says hey rich sorry this has
been asked before but what in your
opinion is the most overrated episode of
TNG and which is the most underrated
episode I would take some thought it's
very overrated I really think of any
all right if you go by the actual
definition of overrated and not the
butthurt it's really terrible
lol definition I might argue the best of
both worlds
not that it's a bad episode by any means
it's a really good episode I just don't
think it's that as good as he gets
critted for who it's fine it's great I
was a great episode one of the best in
the series I'm just saying we're talking
about overrated that's the closest I can
come up to something that I would say is
overrated but that doesn't mean I think
it's bad bite any means so says welcome
back
commander Jay Shepherd okay so you get
a name it's good to be back and
apparently now I have a different
colored face okay so that was nice
that's why I said it didn't matter okay
as far as most underrated I can't think
of any off the top of my head I'm sorry
I'm sorry
first contact well yeah but that's not
an episode first contact is a movie and
it's very much overrated because it's
terrible that actually is terrible be
wary of entrance music it's a dumb
action movie all right back to front
fractions to glitter glitter stream
gladder gum you can't carry any more
gems Jack spend gems can you is this a
shot
what happens if you walk up with a thing
at the top it's a bowl full of wicker
balls you need a green pea down like
this okay I have I have a lot of gems I
have no keys
you found some orange soapstone try
jumping run around and pay attention to
the right see if you see on the right
where it's got your things you can do as
you're just walking around let's pay
attention to see if like a jump shows up
as an option I'm like a one random
special square I can write a message
using orange soap spots see a message
here jumping ahead
try jumping
how else would you jump besides jr. the
spacebar why else would you jump now
what else would you jump with mentioning
if you do it could be a
context-sensitive
Enter
the Twisted Sister and hey but I can't
care anymore Jones I wonder if they
blocked you all for gems on purpose
yeah well they did you know they did
okay okay I think we're that's got to be
it we're coming blocked off with gems
that maze yeah but I mean I had to pick
up gems just to go down the path you
know oh you know what I bet if I go back
here what's that up top of the music
note oh you can't you can't even know
I'm stuck down here thank you
I can't jump I can write a phrase that's
the only thing I can do is I can write a
phrase somewhere someone's saying you
can shoot the gems I don't have a gun I
don't think maybe this is a random key I
don't the button that doesn't you know
found yeah turbo Jesus 5000 says hi
chumps right keep up the great work
domestic dinosaurs became commonplace in
the future what species would you want
to spend
oh if if domesticated dinosaurs became
vibrant company species you want us bad
rich you're not allergic to feathers are
you well something small it's not
realistic to have a pet Tyrannosaurus
you know those little chicken sized ones
that fucker told me it was too dangerous
to go by here without a sword and I said
fuck it you did that was an option well
I just walked on to me
all right what's up black by red door
motherfuckin pushing crates like a
motherfucker trader dazeem says funny
thing about me talking about Donna war -
you found a pair of autocorrect skates
great when I first heard the campaign
was not RTS was very disappointed pink
Fanta wanna but then I tried it and had
a lot of fun smashing xenos solid action
role-playing game maybe I'll try it
eventually but I've got a glut of games
I need to play and I'm also haunted by
old games that I like replaying such as
XCOM 1 & 2 & doom that's my problem
be wary of liar enemy ahead enemy ahead
what you hit a thing and it warped you
back there I threw a skill throw a gem
into the you did yeah into the pond so I
can get rid of my gems just this pond
just wait for PDF world I'm throwing all
sorts of gems into the pond okay well
how one jr. says minor nitpick on past
episodes you mentioned how Frank Miller
brought Batman back to its dark roots
when it was really the denny o'neil
slash Neal Adams era that did it in the
70s best Batman era well I would say
Frank Miller made it popular but maybe
I'm wrong I've been wrong multiple times
and yeah no credit to Danny O'Neil and
Neal Adams damn fine artist Neal Adams
faster using it and you can open this
denny o'neil that's where you got Ra's
al Ghul yeah yeah
you'd figure this out you figure the SOB
sorry Chen says oh there's a box of 2.5
Layton's for both of you and one ghibli
for check oh yeah no I got that I got
that ash I got that a while ago I
remember that package now Jack hasn't
seen them yet because he was on vacation
we got some Professor Layton games oh I
think one was Professor Layton meets
Phoenix right Karen's been playing a lot
of DS games lately she has him right now
there at home but I can bring them back
here we can take a look at them and
waiting at the Ghibli Ghibli movies
those are great but they're probably in
that big pile of tapes back there right
now cuz we've got a lot
nice little fairy sweatshop neighborhood
you got there though not anymore
now we got text land that mrs. Jake can
we talk arrival spoilers did you see
moonlight or lala land on the screeners
yeah if no spoilers and no spoilers
because I haven't seen a rival and a lot
of a chat hasn't yeah we're not gonna
spoil a little arrival you should just
go fucking see arrival
I summon light if if no spoilers I asked
this question if you know your future
perfectly would you have free will
well if you knew your future perfectly
what would stop you from being able to
change it right like let's let's say
let's say I could let's say I knew that
walking out into the street tomorrow
means I got hit by a car yeah I knew my
future I could then not walk out in the
street or or even simpler I knew I
wasn't going to pick up this coke can
again this night Oh
well like when something physically
prevent me from doing that what happened
we got a ferry thing sorry I was gone
for a bit I was making a sandwich I see
you found the municipal sewers I
wouldn't poke around in there too much
it's rather unsanitary so that's the
thing just knowing your future doesn't
mean that it's predetermined you have
sort of well if it is then you can't
know it because you'd be able to change
it and so then you have stuff like what
was that awful Ben Affleck you can see
the future movie it's what a lot of
people can see the future movies I can't
remember the Ben Affleck one specific
what do you call it when when you're
trying to prevent something and in
trying to prevent it you cause it to
self-fulfilling prophecy yeah that was
the moral of the story of the Ben
Affleck movie he there was a time
machine and the moral of story is we
can't make a time machine because it'll
create nothing but self-fulfilling
prophecies paycheck Thank You
rotoscoping that was it pay cheque okay
thank you
apparently we're still in the ferry game
as far as whether or not we have free
will there's there's no good use in
worrying about it I mean if you don't
have free will
well then there's there's nothing you
can do about it and it's not really
relevant because you don't know what the
future is gonna be anyway functionally
your life doesn't change at all yeah as
far as moonlight is concerned moonlight
I found to be rather rather boring
now I watched moonlight because I had
heard nothing but good things come on
stick Lord says to Jack notice he has a
SPC command to DAF skates whatever that
is oh yeah I pressed it before and it
said I needed a white key to Dolph
spaceman perhaps maybe I just did that
now thank you do wait you just moved
over to the edge of the screen yeah I
know you need the white key to take off
the skates all right
escape cage says everything is chaos
nothing is predetermined and we control
our futures fate is the superstitious
idea of desperate fools it's not just
fate though it's also physics is physics
are we just chemical reactions that have
been determined by physics since the Big
Bang query the cockroaches seem to stand
very still most time maybe we can just
run past them stop it um shit I knew
that when he said first what I listen I
know everyone fucking loves moonlight
have you heard of moonlight yeah
everybody fucking loves it because it's
a movie with no story that's a character
study about a young black kid who's
grown up gay in the super poor ghetto
fucking how great great its subject
matter that's Eve the if what it seemed
like to me was like a Miramax movie from
the mid 90s where they were gonna tackle
deep subjects yeah it just didn't I like
a movie with a fucking story
you know I like it I fucking like a
movie with a story and this was it was
it was following a young black kid as a
young as a young child as a teenager and
as an adult who's growing up gay in the
ghetto right a very boyhood long jackets
angry and yeah it had like a deep
message or whatever bullshit and it was
Artie's fuck and some of the acting was
great but you know what I just didn't
care I was super bored waken TB in the
chat says sounds like hoop dreams maybe
a little hoop dreams II anyway backpacks
free well I don't think it was a great
rant but I owe something bad yeah back
to free will person that said everything
is chaos
now here's a question if I were to send
you back in time as your younger self
with no memory of the future like I wipe
your memory and put you back in the past
your former self wouldn't you make the
exact same choices you made possibly so
that's not chaos that's not free will
no that's your brain running doing what
it would have done no no that's that's
still okay if you have a random number
generator you might get the same number
a couple times but that's not a that's
not random number generation there is no
random random number generators yeah for
one thing aren't random they're
following an algorithm that tries to do
the best a computer can to get a random
number but it is impossible for a
computer to just 5 it goes the time on
the clock computer is 6:05 and I run
that to the algorithm and that goes to
this algorithm 6
follow me dickheads did this before some
ways the freewill debate reminds me of I
think it was something was Michelangelo
said about his statues
the statue was always there I just
carved everything else off of it okay is
one of the others has the same coin it
makes no difference I don't know I don't
free will or not it's identical freewill
the no free will you can't know doesn't
matter I you can't know it doesn't
matter
that's it rich you can't know and it
doesn't matter
all right I think I got my thing from
over here somebody is also saying like
butterfly effect quantum fluctuation
kind of things or you might not do the
same things if you went back in time
without memory yeah that's something
that's what I'm saying is like well then
you're not free will you're just at the
whims of a random number generator right
that's just if it's but that's but
that's free well like the fact that I
would do X in X situation under Y
circumstances of Wes is what makes me me
if you put me under the same
circumstances and I do different things
it's kind of almost weird yeah
we're just not thinking straight tonight
I'm just thinking about things that are
just too deep too deep and that I don't
have enough of an understanding of to
really be talking about them but the
chat is talking about it so I'm trying
to chat along rich what if there is a
God but he's just a big jerk and it's a
different to humanity then that's
exactly the God of the Bible he's
holding everyone responsible for a lady
eating an apple 4,000 years ago and
that's why we have to burn in hell that
sounds exactly like the God of the Bible
a little Bobby Bobby yeah
yeah he he told a man to sacrifice his
only child to him and then when he got
there and he was about to stab his only
son God's like lol just fuckin with you
do it man totally gonna kill your child
dude I didn't really want you to do it
come on can't believe he did it oh man
you're so into me okay just worship me
oh yeah I love that
that's super sure what I'm supposed to
do
well I fucking know that now lady are
you a thing I have to blow you up
all right now for that shit yeah I still
talking about moonlight I don't think I
have any more to say about my game okay
you know I was happy to see it didn't I
don't even know if it played in
Milwaukee it's one of those like super
art house yeah super art house thing
what I what I've been hearing is it did
a better job at boyhood than boyhood did
because it had very similar like oh
there we go oh okay let go this way
arrow but in super low graphics what
made that star just like a skeleton oh I
did do the thing I was supposed to do I
figured it out but uh you know cuz if I
was like the same kid throughout his
lifetime but you know like they just use
different actors and stuff because
that's how movies made I haven't seen a
rival I can't talk about a rival because
I haven't seen rich can see talk about
row but everyone should fucking see
arrival and rich sits the arrival
especially I've been told I've been told
I don't think it's in the theater stole
I don't know it might be animal I'll
look into it
here's the other movie I watched you
know a lot of screeners and only so much
time without the kids
we started to watch or we watched the
The Jungle Book
they do uh who fucking directed that Jon
Favreau directed Jungle Book what the
fuck what the fuck everyone tells me
it's good and I know I need to see it
the Jungle Book
oh no no no rival Jesse still turn
around you know what look I don't care
it's not that good yeah I I hurt the
Faerie Queene said the big green thing
down to help with Sanitation ahead yeah
it's just it's not that good
game child.you cases grand moff tarkin
we'll watch replicator and Johnson
family Christmas any relation to the
Cedric the Entertainer film Johnson
family vacation with six percent on
Rotten Tomatoes part one of two I know
that was Jays theory games challenge K
also says also let's talk about Kevin
Smith movies do you think Kevin Smith
watches rlm if he did would you have it
would you have him on the show The
Fatman on Batman might ask for a rlm
podcast
do you like podcasts Jackie have any
thing to say about any of this as far as
the Johnson the family vacation thing my
what my guess is that's Mike what my
guess is is the Johnson family vacation
was a mild success and this distributor
came across this movie called the
Johnson family Christmas and that's
exactly and they said oh we'll slap some
nice-looking cover on that okay and
people will assume it's the unofficial C
or the sequel okay
the Cedric the Entertainer movie and
that that was part of the scam which we
already knew like was a scam yeah I have
stated in many many many times that I
think clerks might be one of the most
important movies to me personally and
possibly to the modern era of filmmakers
everyone who's like making dumb shit on
the internet right now grew up wanting
to make stuff because they saw clerks
okay clerks I think is incredibly
important and I personally love Mallrats
I love chasing Amy even though I haven't
seen it in ages
I love clerks - I love Dogma I enjoy a
lot of his work I have not actually seen
any of his modern
work besides clerks too which I loved
do you think he watches rlm no he does
not like critics
he's a fanboy he would not like what we
have to say about the things he likes
right that's true but also he just
doesn't like he doesn't like negativity
about his stuff yeah and so I don't
think he would be able to handle someone
talking negatively about his work do you
listen to podcasts wait get the Triforce
yeah and why can't I get it I don't know
try leaving some messages yeah might get
something if you leave enough sure also
the chat saying white key which i think
is up topic up north of you good luck
but do you guys want some of the
developers of the game in here I know a
few of them of this game I soon okay
that's the message I don't know cuz I
think part of the fun of this game is
just kind of figured discovery right
maybe for replay or something I don't
know
first podcast I know lately me and Karen
have been listening to the pirate
history podcast and that is fun what the
fuck was it I don't know you just think
that's a message oh I did want to do
that thing that's what gets me into this
room okay
you know what I actually I think one of
the very first podcast I listened to was
Kevin Smith SModcast who back before
podcasting was a big thing that's was
that was his shtick he didn't really I
heard a really good interview he did
with Mark Hamill oh yeah yeah and so I
would listen to that and listen to his
stories but then his story started
repeating and and
I know before he died occasionally I
listen to the rowdy roddy piper podcast
because listening to old wrestlers talk
about the behind-the-scenes shit is far
more entertaining than the actual
wrestling shenanigans that's great
stories about Andre the Giant drinking
like kegs of beer and one sitting is
funny and I think I said something about
earlier but in case I didn't I said
Karen I pirate history podcast yeah
that's what it's called
interesting stuff yeah I used to I mean
I used to just have more time I like I
used to listen to Nerdist I think
everyone did everyone did does I used to
listen to Marc Maron before he started
charging for it
so did I do everything I can do in the
blimp it seems like I did okay great so
actually lately I have not been
listening to podcasts just because I
don't have the time and usually when I'm
working
it's editing stuff with audio in it and
so I can't listen to other people talk
while I'm editing you and me talking you
know astonishing legends podcast I like
listening to paranormal stuff I do I do
and I will write that down you missed
the lantern jack I miss the wings right
you missed the lantern John I'm gonna
send you a weird text but it's just a
reminder to myself okay okay thank you
giant flashing arrow do we plan checking
out near automata it's the new action
game from Platinum Games yes yeah
Laoghaire goes there like that
transformers one and then I didn't even
play the Ninja Turtles one because it
looked like the Transformers game all
over again
really kind of bland it looked there
there was one section I saw of it that
looks like a 3-dimensional bullet hell
game yeah where you know like a bunch of
shit you have to dodge like anguish is
that what vanquishes kind of then this
looks a lot like it
that was the does that was the
inspiration for vanquish bullet hell
okay I've read that it looks yeah it
looks great I added that to my list of
games to to check out I have okay so I
can now take off the autocorrect skates
I don't know what that does I'll be
honest with you it doesn't seem to do
anything also did I listen to art bell
oh I loved art bell back in the day I
didn't believe any of it
but incredibly fun to listen to I was
always trying to figure out if art Bell
was a true believer or if he was like a
PT Barnum like huckster and I didn't
care either way
art Bell if you don't know yeah he had a
radio show coast to coast am where was
talking about like Bigfoot aliens
paranormal ESP any any kind of nutty
shit he would talk about it
Trainor diseases anyway I'm obsessed
about what your opinion of Dawn of War -
because of what you described wanting
and your hell driver's review it's fine
if you don't like it but I'm really
curious on why that would be I'm was
never interested because I knew Don
avoir Don of War one was a real-time
strategy game which I don't like people
keep telling me Donna war two isn't and
okay okay enough you have said that some
point but that's like I'll get to it
when or if I get to it there's like
games are constantly coming out you need
to play this you get to play that I just
there's not time of the day to do them
all
James Lu cases part three if too tired
of comic movies but I love x-men after
Logan would you welcome an alpha flight
movie tired of Marvel films but I'm
looking forward to guardians of the
galaxy to any Howard the Duck love a tad
Walker oh the if Canada gets rid of the
gyms okay well good say you're about 20%
through this game this is nowhere near
as entertaining as frog fractions by the
way well so far I don't think we've hit
it yet I think if we haven't hit it yet
then they're taking too long to get to
it alpha flight movie jack fuck it no
come on what what are you thinking to
yourself these characters cannot make it
in their own damn comic no one cares
about reading about Sasquatch in the
little dwarf man well it's a it's a
mutant properties to Fox would be
handling it yeah so for that reason oh
fuck for that reason but let's be honest
yeah
guardians of the galaxy wouldn't you
have said the same fucking thing if
Marvel were handling it maybe who's a
fox no they had then they'd be dragged
into Deadpool kicking and screaming you
know like I get and you know what I
guess like there could be some fun
comedy there as like the Canadian
Avengers you know yeah yeah and I always
did dig Vindicator 'he's powerset like
wasn't Vindicator his his I don't know
much about Alpha Flight oh that's right
I'm not an x-men guy if I remember
correctly and please help me if I'm not
being remembered correctly
oh sorry and that's I'm just reading
that I I did Captain disillusion I I
follow him I back him on patreon I love
Kat
disillusion Oh captain ya know him you
know the silver bottom of his face yeah
yeah I don't understand that but
otherwise no they're good stuff
no he just debunks like popular viral
videos I I give money to him on patreon
because I love his work
I love captain this is a dissolution and
I hope he continues to mix if he did a
quite a little crossover with Beakman's
world oh I saw that I saw that I've seen
I've seen some captain just lose you
know like he did he did he just put out
a new video and it was it was just all
about like making it was basically just
a way to make fun of everyone who's like
stirring up YouTube drama where he's
like listen YouTube is why we all get to
make this stuff we want to make settled
fuck down yeah where was I vindicated oh
so if I remember Vindicator correctly
all he had was a shield generating suit
that made him invulnerable
like he wasn't particularly strong yeah
I don't think he could fly even like all
he had was a shield yeah and I think
that's a really neat power word
someone's not necessarily strong they
just can't get hurt and I think there's
some fun that you talked about your
superhero that was my superhero the
invulnerable person but they weren't
strong because they couldn't build
muscle yes it was it was someone who
literally could not be injured and so
they were a weak man because they
couldn't tear their muscles to build new
muscles but they were invulnerable and
then you found out Marvel and I already
thought well that's vindicated look at
this by the way if you pause the game
the ferryman yeah yeah I don't know this
is the war taking way too long and in
text world here yeah well I'm also just
not figuring about frog fractions for
the most kept it moving there's
something new something new and
interesting the mega sword jack is a
mega sword oh I think I can get that now
there's a mega sort wait I have a candle
now it's Marvel the new Simpsons I don't
know if it's all quite yet is it Marvel
Cinematic Universe yeah you're playing
the game and that's fine Marvel I mean
theoretically Simpsons might be putting
out quality stuff so I just don't know I
just don't watch it anymore can I get
this master using it and you can open
this these purple girls were imported
from chinchilla it's probably curly
Grove okay well none of this fucking
matters because I have the thing that
can get rid of the gems in the gem maze
you guys are literally taking an
hour-plus
to get what takes most people five to
ten minutes I'm what do you mean us
what what do you mean you guys plural I
only see they're only one of us is
playing the game some very confuse this
is what you mean
and you know what no I apologize I
apologize for taking my time and
enjoying the journey like some goddamned
asshole say it moves faster we're just
taking too long to stop and talk and and
that is you know what yeah alright yeah
shut him down shut down all right
Chev right down right say we just won't
we just won't talk anymore Shh
until the doors
maybe
okay did that work was that was that was
that entertaining was that how that work
i over the top of a valuable lesson that
one person that we punished everybody in
the chad for fun it was fun bit I
supported it fun bit okay come captain
Miller says elbow what the hell are you
playing thank you I love you your taste
in video games is as great as your taste
in movies but pineapple is great on
pizza
yeah no it's your opinion I have to
respect that that's your opinion do you
don't have to agree with it you have to
respect that an opinion was made yeah
yes watch ash vs. Evil Dead Season 2 now
by the way oh I know I know I would love
to talk about it uh-huh I cannot no you
cannot just says you know what Jack is
now watch T just as I would love to talk
about a rifle yeah yeah but neither of
us
zombie Hendrik says howdy gents hi with
all the philosophical talk I have a
random question
great rocky or Rambo and why rocky Rambo
which rocky which Rambo rocky changed so
much over the years
well you know what let's say the best so
rocky 1 versus Rambo 1 ok ok
if this is a fight well if it's a fight
Rambo wins guilty yeah he's been trying
to kill people if we're talking about
just which movie is the great which is
character which character you like right
which character you like more rocky
rocky how does a character ramble ones
pretty good right Rambo one's great
you're asking me to choose like between
two great things which is great I know
I'm going I'm going rocky you know why
he's a schlub and hawing I'm a schlub
and all I know is getting punched in the
face I can't respect him as a boxer
because all he does is gets punched in
the punched in the face yeah that's love
I can't respect him as a boxer so I'm
giving it to Rambo because I can respect
him as a special-forces badass crazy
special forces badass but he's competent
Rocky's a shitty boxer who just has an
extra thick skull
on the chance defense rich is
complaining about how slow the game is
compared to frog fractions one all Jack
is deliberately taking his time playing
it deliberately rich deliberately taking
my time I'm just I'm just playing it man
you know what like if if you got if you
guys would have wanted I could have like
looked up I could have spoiled it for
myself and like yeah looked up like
here's how here's how you get to tell
the the fun frog fraction stuff but like
to me that was the fun part of frog
fraction the discovery yes yeah it was
the discovery of all the weird shit so
pardon me what see I'm see what I'm
talking about I am a toaster rich there
is there a narrative structure
transactions we built the spaceship and
what in the space one thing led to the
other this kind of just random not this
isn't fun I'm being a prick and I think
I'm being a fair critic oh this is
flappy bird flappybird
arrow keys spacebar spacebar spacebar
it's gotta be spacebar it's not space
and fuel you don't have fuel probably
it's the problem right but I can't I
can't add fuel what happens when you say
oh my god keep going I'm going ah
I clicked out somehow son of a bitch
this is pretty good wait too much too
much for those cell-cell no I got a by
buying makes me go down Oh Sal makes me
go up
your temperature the temperature the
higher your temperature is I think no
jesus fucking christ what happens if you
buy antimatter try buying the other
things I think I think that's where
we're trying to get you can't just buy
and sell you can't that's the same times
have you pause pause try it Trevor the
buy insoles thinking outside the box I'm
trying to be trying to think outside the
box
oK we've gotten the maltose
I can just hold it down I mean it's a
click on like a crazy person so so so by
oh whatever
what are you doing what are you doing oh
that's all right sir I don't know that's
all right I can just hold down add fuel
by the way you didn't read the rest of
it you can only buy and sell but you
have to be strategic it's difficult
I believe it's difficult well buy so
what about add fuel that's that's
something else we can do we'll add fuel
does is raise the temperature which does
what I don't know it looks like it lets
us buy things the temperature lets us
buy things what causes you to
exponentially raise up higher faster
though at a higher temperature or is it
the fuel when you buy fuel you go down
when you sell you go up you know then
adding the fuel makes you go up slowly
but then as the temperature raises I
don't know what lowers my temperature
you know I'm saying yeah temperature
equals height right and selling lowers
my temperature no the return I don't
know what that means specific return
equals slope
so far all the rows zero how do we
adjust the return I seem to raise up
faster if I do this clicking thing here
I'll be honest today I'm going up faster
if I could do this
can I get past this first its first turn
is your return on investment investment
yeah but they're all zeros I'm gonna
figure it up well
god I'm trying to figure out rich okay
okay okay okay
and by freight boom about freight I can
sell for four great I can buy you sell
buy sell buy buy buy so so so so so so
so so so so so so this time I'm just Jay
Jam says currently tipping because I've
had a lot of entertainment out of this
and write grateful and it's helped
during a bad year great and also partly
because I pirate in space cop and now
feel guilty
Oh have some cash you dickhead well
we're getting money from you so I guess
that's something it's it's less than I
think awesome house where we saw in
space come from
here's fifteen that's decent decent he
gave most 15 okay so I get money from
that nice not getting my food I don't
get space calm you know Mike and Jay had
a while to do a space cop though didn't
I get anything out of that I don't I
don't know I don't know I don't know
that's fine great have a nice day thank
you damn job cases did you see IGN
preview of Friday the 13th game I'm
excited you guys should have J on to
play it when it comes out with some play
when it comes out with some stream
viewers we saw we saw J play the 3d
horror game before with online
multiplayer functionality and remember
y'all cheated when y'all cheated and
knew exactly where we remember
Darkwing Schmucks is rich I was
pleasantly surprised you see you playing
the new Shen Shantae the other day I
don't know I still don't know for sure
you pronounce it shantae shantae that's
pretty fun so you gotta get that turned
down cuz you're you're never gonna get
through there properly hit those red
things but I have nothing against
playing Friday the 13th the game I just
have to imagine it won't end well if Jay
plays but oh he'll probably want to see
it oh yes I imagine we'll do something
with it
oh but a shanna tape I hope see it again
sometime also I think those games would
be right up Jack's alley and apparently
they are because he sounded very
familiar with it yeah yeah I'm looking
forward to playing it madam says I'm
going to be in Milwaukee in a couple
weeks visiting some friends do you guys
have any good restaurant recommendations
I'm kind of fond of el fuego
Alfred was fine Mexican if you're going
downtown
I'm trying to blink on the goddamn name
it's my place
Oh safe house the safe house the safe
house is fun you wanna go for drinks you
go to the safe house
big foodtube oh sure but I think like
it's it's more it's like a fun bar
there's ton of great restaurants you
want you want pizza if you want pizza
you go to classic slice or you go to
transfer if you're going with a bigger
baby transfer transfer is pretty good
people are saying don't buy so much okay
like I feel like I have to buy cuz then
how else do you go down what else brings
you down as the question is by just
buying there is a crack of it I noticed
that there is a crack on the ground
before the second pipe I think you need
to crash into it oh is that it yeah okay
if you're looking for just good
all-around food try cafe central cafe
central or cafe loo loo good just kind
of all-around food you know Cafe Lulu
consistently has the best soup every
time I go to cafe Lulu I order the soup
they change the soup every day and every
time I go there I get the soup and every
day I'm that I get soup I'm always
impressed by their great suit
there's a million great restaurants if
you want to go out and have like an
experience you go to a place like lazy
susan whose menu changes every day
depending on what food they can buy in a
farmers market hmm they just make
whatever the fuck they feel like
nonnamous says rich but spoiling
anything for Jack or others ass vs. Evil
Dead Season two finale thumbs up down or
in the middle and have you read the
former showrunners plans for that app
that got extensive changes yeah I think
they made the wrong choice that's what
I'm gonna say I think they've made the
wrong choice
okay now I have a red thing but we got a
little bit confusing and not not letting
a good way everything up before that
pretty golden before that last episode
yeah I saw that the game was trying to
make it easier for me and I appreciate
that because I don't know if you've
noticed but I'm failing I can't even get
to like the drastic highs and lows that
I was before it to get through the we're
not ignoring tips we get a lot of tips
and we get to them when we get to them
yours is actually a three above where
I'm at right now I'm getting to it I am
getting to it singularity four three two
one says just saying thank you for all
the wonderful shows I'm a dev and would
love to make something for you guys so
any simple 2d game ideas I'm just one
man
shoot them over you can own all the
rights Wow
it's very excessively generous right
thank you very much Matt mrs. rich
arrival was playing at am seemed a fair
ball 18 at at at this point I'll
probably get it on video crash crash
crash can you get that I think oh that
works too apparently what you got the
sword that's how you get the sword
apparently Jack no cell jack I I did it
someone else is saying yes someone else
is saying no someone else says oh fuck
do you see how helpful you can be in
chat did the game give up I don't care
if the game gave up i won ish
all right cause you're right reaction
says the toasters temperature is equal
to your height
prices equal temperature buying
something at a price / temperature
reduces it a ki aka your height selling
it increases it as you are getting more
temp totally figured all that out scheme
is just taking a while because Jack reg
keeps stopping to talk yes well I'm not
even playing I'm just talking jacks Jack
is playing buster loads as rich thanks
to you and Karen for giving me advice
the other night it was badly needed and
much appreciated Jack did you get
arrested for dressing as a lady while on
vacay or was that just TMZ BS lied to
help buster loads my way I was looking
for our laptops password okay while you
were gone yeah I couldn't find it oh the
chat reminded me they said well do you
keep your old text if you ever texted
you would before oh yeah I found it yeah
does Jack wants to be a lady that's
weird
password want to be a lady
okay all right that's that's the thing
that happened so we got to change the
password because everyone knows no it
can't be wants to be a lady anymore
oh sorry Jen says here's a tip adding to
the problem of tip back up and don't
forget to dig out my gift from the VHS
is when you're done so it's not lost
forever in the void because then I'd be
sad
I've only stream says is it okay if I
made a jack enriched Isaac's mod into
the binding of issac afterbirth plus and
put it on the workshop
I'm sure Jack would love a binding of
issac Jack mod that would be great
he says that would be great be better
great now full authorization to do that
all right I found a thing here's a
protip Jack is bald because it's easier
to get the lady wig on it's easier to
get the lady we're gonna get the lady
wig on I have a sword now can you kill
the things I can I can oh I can mow down
the shrubs now okay oh did I kill
someone so now I can get past shrubs and
so now so this is so this is very this
is getting a little Metroid vania issue
you need something to clip the hair to
I've never worn a wig I don't know that
wait a way to ruin my joke chat try
killing centipedes and cockroaches
question mark question mark question
mark uh working on you know one thing at
a time here you know we're working on
getting through the the Jim maze at the
moment and so can I get the color
palette is like vomit that pixel shit is
overdone though yeah doesn't get the
joke the overall joke weirdness hasn't
been here for the whole thing there is
no there is no way to the maze well sure
there is it's gonna be clever it's gonna
not be obvious you're gonna be able to
blow a wall down there's something or
you're gonna be able to like go outside
of what the normal bounds would be like
underneath where the text is maybe you
can walk under there there's gonna be
something out there was an actual legit
solution no well kind of no well kind of
is my answer hopefully that helps
all right so just nothing in here co-op
yeah there you go there's the Casa ho
that's the message message abhorrent
beast ahead
finally found the green key rich okay
what do I need to do anything else
what's up there I can't go up why can't
I go up you can't go over there's a maze
hole there you can't go up in general
what are the messages say beware of
amazing trap jumping but I can't jump o
spaces jump Oh
told you that was gonna sooner or later
jack oh Jesus you can't jump up high
enough to get out
No Oh what happened over there again
what was different I you you got me
buddy right now writing up right there
we go there we go
enemy ahead enemy ahead be worried an
amazing Tramp you have to be fast
now's the time
you're doing it you're doing it you're
doing it buddy I feel like I'm doing it
you're doing it I guess don't watch for
you know get down now jumping ahead run
oh did you sort the thing yes oh well
that's convenient
can you pink eye to the right up top top
right yeah can you get that I don't
believe I can yes I can you go up
normally no no
I understand oh oh wait maybe the AI
jump on the arrow that's thinking that's
using your oh oh okay all right are you
jumping higher now I have no idea I
would be very honest with you I don't
know you don't know rich
you could rotate the sword and you can
stand on it shut the fuck up the fuckin
sword this is what happens when a meme
game tries too hard and makes a sequel
at least he was smart enough to monetize
it this time
haha that's his pork sub yeah you know
what by the way that's totally fair
like everyone enjoyed frog refractions
water fractions was a free game yeah
let the man uh got the thing what was
the thing purple
okay
what what what happens if you move now
wait frozen here or is it just paused
what's that stuff on the top left can
you get any of that like what's that
that blue the light blue white oh thing
fire at the gems yeah yeah I handled a
couple of gems already well stuff up top
left seems suspicious to me yeah
yeah as it should as a check
can you jump up and shoot up get on the
sword and jump up there see if you can
reap what you could reach the gem burst
and the chandeliers flame I I'm just
reading thing I'm down here now that's
some right now like what's that thing up
there I get to it we're gonna have a jet
pack at some point maybe I guess also
they're just moving forward without
actually paying attention to what's
happening and a 95 percent of games you
can get away with that but in this game
you have to actually pay attention we
could completely ignore you guys fans of
the game they don't wanna see it
besmirched I'm not be searching I know
anything that's not unending love is
merging alright okay so how do we get
whatever that is is the question do we
need to get it or what is it this is a
chandelier and burst into flame well no
that's the that's this I hit the gem
with that up there yeah and that's
that's what a wait well it gets singed a
little bit yeah so like if I hit the
bullets with it doesn't do any damage is
what that's telling us okay
I mean you might actually get farther in
the game at that point it's not about
besmirch again it's that you guys
literally are getting confused over the
most basic stuff like what dog like what
oh yeah
oh yeah I'm sorry we did not read a
primer on the game before we played it
you destroyed the pathway is what
they're saying
can you oh sure sure I could have jumped
onto the pathway but I mean you'd think
it's okay to leave and come back and
make it oh maybe you know what let's
find out I'm gonna do one more attempt
ta
oh by the way totally can not okay we'll
try it let's try getting it back nope
hey that's gone he didn't know she
picked up the green key it didn't notice
you could rotate the sword you didn't
notice the messages didn't notice the
door way up there didn't notice the way
gems work I can go on I first of all I
noticed all those things did you see me
doing all that shit don't be a dickhead
I noticed all that just because rich
didn't rich isn't playing the game I'm
playing the game dick Wow
yeah kind of right yeah like I notice
all that shit and rich isn't playing the
game all right we're gonna come from I
can't cancel right all right like
remember how I did all this with the gym
because I noticed I agree with Jack's
test who says when do you start
producing bug porn right let's see let's
see what else were missing over here
yeah I know I can't carry our deficit
yeah stop it stop it all right let's see
if we're missing anything else can we go
back to elf town simulator sure sword
isn't sharp enough to cut metal shrimps
okay oh oh so what's up top there up top
is where I came from uh I was just where
you came from
yeah whoa whoa we get to those trees now
right I get through these yeah what
about the red ones yeah nope not sharp
enough to cut through dire shrubs rich
hey Erin we can only cut through green
shrubs at the moment well is there
anything hidden under these ah that's
funny I don't think I mean I can't
imagine I would put something in but
then again this is frog fractions
my way in the one I'm goin along doing
that thing in games we mow the lawn nope
what was this door again what's in that
door do we have a key for that door to
the right I'm gonna say no I think we
have the key to the up one yeah we did
red and green get to the up one let's
see how can we get there I took off the
autocratic skates what do they do I
that's a great question rich a question
that I don't believe has been answered
aha what happened you kill the water huh
no I just uh I used a gem path that I
blew up earlier ah well good work I did
it I did it so now I gotta just on the
water
no you have to like maneuver the sword
because the sword yeah face yeah I can
see that yeah it's alright
kill the monkeys gorillas or what were
they doesn't matter cannot open lions
nearby so the Lions must be more good
cuz I think spawn and gorillas down
there what does that oh do you
diet I am a mighty for here yeah that's
a mighty now are you nice jack I brought
that up on myself alright hold on
everybody hold your horses
fuck you what what type of mousetrap
says Jack what you are a sweetie pie and
rich you are the love of my life
metaphorically speaking I mean all right
thank you very much stomach mouse track
you know up why you gotta go metaphor
just let it let it be let it be
I just figured since an outrage you know
why cuz I'm paying attention and I'm
super smart see here I am going through
this maze like a sucker again right yeah
need to do that because these are oh you
got a path now very good work jack you
know because I'm paying attention you
know what fuck it what

[Part III]
Oh Jack you're gonna get mauled from
above
you didn't miss it oh really she never
got into it yet
I guess your block from the other way stuff
this is tough
this is tough
maneuvering this sword is a pain in the
ass I'll tell you one which I'm sure is
the point
all right almost there you almost got
them Lions Jack you almost gotta get
that Oh get that damn oh yeah did it do
something about it in the room don't
worry about it get to get the yellow
thing you killed the Lions oh just what
you needed to do
yeah yeah mighty hunter okay great
shrubs me I fuck you kill the shrubs
before you can get in there just
dangerous shrubs it's fine you know
that's fine it's fine everything's fine
there
I found a thing I found a musical note
Jack great you have a beautiful singing
voice you don't have a beautiful singing
voice
oh the gift shop II here and triumphant
Lord Hufflepuff says I think I'm the
only dead here but that's fine they can
concentrate on the game or chat or
whatever it's all good this this is it's
close combat between 6:00 and 9:00 p.m.
so can we change the time on the
computers clock I'm hoping that's what
I'm hoping for
say what cyan key I have the green key
yeah but I can't but by the way I can't
get in from the bottom because of my
sword'
can I put my sword away no you can't get
in from the bottom when happens you've
tried to get in from the bottom of the
might I can't I can't shoot me my sword
around the bottom path yeah I'm thinking
change our computers clock okay I'll tab
all right go to adjust date and time
just turn to time automatically off and
then go back
scroll down change date and time it is
no longer 10:00 p.m. it is 6:06 p.m.
change only 20 p.m. I am do we know he's
at p.m. okay nope
oh wait
do I not have a save do I not have a
save
where's low do loads obviously okay we
need it we need another autosave these
are all at 8:00 p.m.
these are all tickle moss whoa
no cancel like if I quit I don't have to
go through all this again I have to
imagine we ought to save at some point
but don't even think about it is what
they're saying about quitting I'm
assuming that's what they're talking
about yeah but I don't know that listen
but what I think you needed to do is
change like that before you started the
game you know I don't think we've saved
since we've been in here for that exact
reason
oh it's find I don't seem to stay dead
nope
the megasaur Jack Oh dire shrubs the
mega sort of xanthe are is yours Lord
Hufflepuff says you do not need to
change your system clock
we're not that cruel we have a dev in
the chat oh we're not that cruel I don't
trust you why would we
I played frog fractions by the way frog
fractions Devin chat is the game that
got jacked like the text adventure
that's true I just unlocked the gamepad
support rich trout that ps3 control
she's just fixed I don't know if that
natively supports we don't have a
bluetooth no I don't think I do she's
used I'd want to try out the new one but
let's just try to disclose what we know
works see if it does anything
Oh
somebody's saying maybe use the torch on
the centipede which not a terrible idea
I found that in past rooms and it didn't
kill the centipede
it just lightly singed it it was a nice
thought it was
no gamepad support or at least not yet
but you don't but oh my god in this
background
okay so so that it gives us the correct
time
yeah thank you okay
it said good said hold on it's good
options it said it unlocks controller
support well then we don't know what
that means exactly might be something
clever that comes up later where we
could only do something with the gamepad
sure
so just we'll keep that we'll keep that
in our pocket that ready yeah that's
ready rich okay yeah oh shit so we have
that we have a master sword now a mega
sword so now we can take care of dire
strokes oh ok onward I think we only
support Xbox controllers well we got the
Xbox one controller that's the way I
have a comple earlier in this stream we
fix a ps4 controller that had a broken
analog stick yeah but we don't want to
risk using that because there might be
driver issues we have hooked up an Xbox
one controller we just plugged it in I
don't know if that's an issue I don't
know if it needs to actually be plugged
in before the game starts sure see so
this area I can't I can't wiggle my
sword
where's it just 360 controllers oh and
I'm waiting for confirmation of some
sort
like
yes oh yeah maybe it needs to be in on
boot why are we do we have to worry
about saving are we auto-saving can we
just restart the game and then okay
we've gotten to the red shrubs shit okay
rich try going back to the blimp
somebody is saying up oh that's right
there were shrubs in the blimp shit
you're right before we get to before we
get too ahead of the game no saving and
ASCI I world yep all right saw that
coming
bunch of bull hockey or that's just how
it was
they're trying to emulate these games
which is fine I get it the game
auto-saves every time you get a pick up
there's a little saving icon in the
bottom right corner you'll see okay so
if you want to try restarting to get the
gamepad support this is completely up to
you Jack you're playing this is 831
there yeah I don't trust it
I don't trust it I don't trust it and I
don't trust them and once it's
auto-saving I've seen it yeah yeah yeah
they're gonna keep saying it too cuz I
don't trust it Lord huff and puff says
again we're not that cruel thanks gonna
do what Jack's gonna do and I can't make
him do things so then it it last saved
when I got the mega sword right yeah
it's like wrangling a greased up pig
this is not gonna work eggs a game go
back into game
I'll be s open now we're gonna play
glitter mitten Grove and it's back okay
we're gonna continue all right we're
good game pad what happened
you moved we're gonna work we had wind
boot wait for the record I don't know oh
oh hey here's some stuff where's your
sword yeah
do you have
I'll take over here okay
Oh story well that was freaking
frightening when it was terrifying
you are those you are that cruel
goddamnit Oh
oh this is much easier
oh wait wait I have the candles X haha
you eat Sian
yeah that says 1117 11:40 well that's
interesting right I think yeah yeah yeah
now look at me have a sword fucking
master alright I have to remember the
blimp is now where's the blimp do you
know where the blimp is kill him again
whoops the noobs
ah
I'm a maniac note to self don't be such
a maniac
the bump was over here I don't remember
where the pluralist but can you just try
the orange ones - okay yes there are
these shrubs nice like the Zelda spikes
oh yeah can you get in that room
nope
right stick unavailable and I could read
it wrong because it stopped use left
button right button
okay can you go north
all right oh-oh-oh but I might be able
to kill the cockroaches fuck fuck
I know I know rich I'm terrible I hope I
like some cat Grouch motherfuckers over
here okay suck it
I only got four gems Jack what for gems
gems don't matter there's gyms
everywhere
what's your torch fueled by anything or
just not that I know of
okay get that I where's that eyes
there's something your bottom the bottom
right jack yeah why is there another one
Oh what happens if you get to Oh making
double eyes tryin can't move your sword
can't you can't cuz you can't move your
sword over Crayola none of the movie
bottom but moving up moving straight up
oh you can't nope alright doesn't matter
alright alright you got a knife you got
a matter alright can you slap stab that
zero no I can stab all those
motherfuckers Oh
Boulder oh I did pushing you pushed it
die cockroach scum you know they really
shouldn't be that big a problem
cockroaches yeah yeah really maybe that
maybe they're giant cockroaches you have
to use your imagination to it's a ski
right oh fuck fuck
you did great Jack felt like you did
great shut up come on listen it's harder
to control this then it seems with this
sword rich goddamn sword
what does Jack think about the
controller after three hours playing
what do you think about the controller
or controller the controller I'm
swimming using a controller and this
would be my guess but I don't know
warning specs risk contains elements
which may be unsuitable for children
oh sorry you're not 297 nobody that'll
it's a fast Jack it's fast under its
fast under the guns you need a zero I'm
gonna try to put in my real age you sure
you won't do that
oh yeah absolutely sure why I'm just
saying Oh
to prove that you're really 42 please
answer these five simple questions okay
Peter Walter crane is arguably best
known for this work dogs and cabbages
blood Gioconda the Lady of Shalott the
worship of beckus the worship abacus
whoopsy blue Ellen you missed another
this is this is so inspired by Leisure
Suit Larry but who said history repeats
itself first as tragedies secondly as
farce that's Oscar Wilde you're a kid
shame on you for trying to deceive a
friendly game like this damn it well
let's try again oh wait let's go get
that are before we
I don't have an R well not a pink one
alright and that's the thing that just
happened let's try this let's try this
slut okay no fuck jack fuck what a house
divided against itself cannot cabinet
couch wardrobe band Giuseppe Mazzini was
a dancer a pasta sauce magnate a
political activist angry literally
literally all the time
angry literally all the time why would
you why would you even do the joke one
you can you know that's wrong
Sheils green dye fell out of favor
because it was ugly was expensive it
wasn't as green as chemic green it
killed you it killed you
john ray made three surveying
expeditions into equatorial africa
southern Australia the Canadian Arctic
Arctic Canadian bacon I say the Canadian
Arctic
what do you think John ray fifty yep
yeah I go the article
9 1853 Governor Perry delivered a letter
from leap to the Emperor of Japan
tutorial 1953 1858 18 that's what I
meant
1850 300 18 yeah yeah yeah Victoria
you're okay yeah why would someone who's
49 no that is the question I don't know
that it really makes a difference it
might be the same questions all around
yeah do it not bad
are you really 31 please answer these
five simple questions the ten years war
took place from 1868 until oh it was
just where our 40s we're off by a
hundred years when we said we were 40 we
were getting questions about the 1850s
now that we said we're 30 we're getting
questions about the 1860s
we're playing a 100-year old machine
gotcha I'm with you I get it yeah and
that's not bad well 78 unless it's okay
fire
gladiator March was written by John
Quincy Adams Philip Sousa dear Wesley
Powell Philip Sousa which is an old man
the panic of 1837 1857 1873 they
panicked each of those years
73 oops
Louis pastilles process of
pasteurization was intended destroy
bacteria in the theater naturalism
movement was inspired by which writers
work Karl's Marx Charles Darwin Ralph
Waldo Emerson John Muir Ralph Waldo what
what Oh could be wrong and when the only
friendly wasn't the only naturalist or
whatever he was called living by a
fucking pond to a jack ship nope
I gotta go hi Haiti which is not a
Tchaikovsky composition I have no
fucking idea
Oh at unwrapping parties Aristocats
gathered to open presents
watch it burlesque show birth babies
unwrapped a mummy lord dear lord it
might actually be unwrapped a mummy
puppies were ridiculously common for a
while their mummies present sounds too
obvious I actually think it might be
mummy Jack it is I did it and it is Otto
von Bismarck unified this collection of
territories Bismarck Belgium rugby union
the German Empire German Empire
I think corrects the migi restoration
took place when Emperor came to power
nunca me G Yoshinobu or Dave I mean I
would assume eg
the migi restoration took place when
Emperor Meiji came to power mummies were
so common they were pulling out somebody
fucking mummies out of Egypt I think
they just used them for like to burn for
fuel at some point like I'm fine it was
I know it was like a comical amount of
mummies that's horrible
a Reno line is a stiffened petticoat I
think a typesetting machine a petal
operated loom and a cut of ostrich I
think it's a pretty car I think it's
some kind of garment thing and Naomi
thank you you are never going to enter
the world of Spectras I've never been
more never been more ready we read read
read hard is the worst roommate not only
is he a gross alien but he also has
personal habits also if you got him to
move out you could take over the master
bedroom unfortunately he has acid for
blood and is also and also is friends
with a lot of your friends making direct
warfare impractical today is the last
day before you both sign the new lease
you have until 8:00 p.m. to convince him
to move out we have time until 8:00
we need to be between 6 & 8 right that's
one six and nine six and nine I'm gonna
go to the television what do we want to
do here uh what we're trying to make him
leave yeah change the TV save you let's
try change TV save the inputs super
passive-aggressive xenomorph roommate
irritation simulator oh wait
keeping a pet pill bug requires a very
moist habitat with limited light thank
you love what does she say that was
probably important Jack keeping a pill
bug in keeping keeping a pill bug what
about white we have a lamp there and she
said something about light no what's
that we can we need to know women have
that lamp needs to be on her off oh
we're gonna toilet what do you want to
do here leave a floater on the toilet
deliberately clog the toilet mess with
the valves in the toilet tank no mess
with the valves in the toilet tank I'm
not sure what you've achieved we've
messed with the things of random also a
suspicion is the thing too huh yeah we
don't want so he can't be messing with
the valves I might've been too blatant
we want to we want to annoy him damn it
I was wrong then okay under the leave
the fridge door open drink Todd's beer
rearrange all the food inside the fridge
take ketchup from the fridge even I'm
gonna leave a note okay you have a
sticky note food older than 10 days
without a written name will be removed
you scroll hmm feels a little corporate
I think that's good
Tyrese you know since when is this a
rule he asks we should have a house
meeting before deciding this is a rule
nice nice
that's the only thing we can do no I
don't do it you don't want to do that
all right
trash put fluids in the trash can or
Nothing fluids in the trash can so paper
cup with water take a single step then
drop the whole thing the trash dude tut
says don't do that don't do what you say
no ice
oh he's super annoying Todd pushes it so
it sounds a little funny maybe he's a
little all right something is something
we got him 15% annoyed it's got a table
here leave crumbs on the table
move the table closer to the wall leave
all your stuff out on the table leave a
note on the table leave all your stuff
out on the table books
all right great that'll pay off later
here over here comes no more things
let's go around what's the oven oven
can't go over can't go to oven bathroom
sink tip is to leave hairs in the sink
oh that would be super annoying
I leave note on this thing uh your call
your call
I mean a lot of people said nope well
that's the thing it's passive-aggressive
Xena more lose anymore for me so that's
something super Passover do it do it
grab annoyances do not wash mousseline
down the drain that's video what the
heck is that nice couch okay lamb
bedroom what's in our bedroom okay turn
off the lamp so here when you refused to
turn the lamp back on he gets up walks
across there and does it himself
suspicions going up them hey hey dude
clean up your stuff Todd asked when you
fail to respond he just cleans
everything up himself what a beta and
what's an art world I'd be weird that we
can do things to irritate him in our
room I wonder if there's something
secret in here or something hidden it's
in our computer what do you want to do
here research xenomorph weakness try to
calm down on the internet research ways
to annoy Todd plana Bob Todd the mutual
friends Oh super passing yeah your log
into Facebook at strike a conversation
about table of the mutual acquaintances
Todd's the worst roommate ever you say
I'm sorry to hear you guys aren't
getting along your friend responds
try as you might you can't get them to
share your anger oh that might just
raise the suspicion if he checks his
computer yeah yeah yeah that's the
researchers Animorph weakness xenomorphs
are weak to mostly just bullets and fire
hmm due to your shared circle of mutual
friends shooting or a roasting Todd
won't be an option bed what's in the bed
Todd rage you know hey man I'm really
sorry if I've been dissolving the sink
he says try to avoid that but it's hard
my mouth and all you know which first
sight of understanding but you don't
respond what do you want to do here
steal some of Todd's sports equipment
knock over and mess up Todd sports
equipment steal do you think that that
might be going too far man what if we do
it like if we're over in his room that's
I think that's gonna knock up the
suspicion I think stealing will knock up
the suspicion he borrowed okay
and knock it over Todd look startled to
see you in his room what are you doing
and dude we doing in here looking for my
cat you've cut it's not safe for him
here my eggs hatch lot of suspicion
there huh Jack yeah Jack huh huh huh
someone was right about that well name
one day I'm just saying should I sit on
Todd's bed
I don't think steal then check your bed
what do you want to do here no sitting
on his bed with the eggs will die I
think we'll die if we do it but do it
because that could be fun you said I'm
Todd's bed next to his gross eggs please
be careful not to touch the eggs I don't
want any to hatch on you bro are you
saying that I a man could not take care
of a child
spring tides baseball bed around
yeah nice that raisin no it's a lot
Todd leaves he motions for you to follow
him hey can you hang out my room when
I'm not here I don't I said the sports a
cover my uh or something else in his
room wall books rearrange us Mike why
would you rearrange his books that's
gonna be suspicion okay take he won't be
able to find them we don't necessarily
discover that you took them or we could
read and just see what that does I don't
know Todd studying for the bar exam his
speciality is xenomorph writes all his
textbooks are filled with information on
cases like severed head versus state of
Georgia and lat appoo Etta vs acid
manufacturer Lobby of California oh oh
we've ramped up the suspicion Jack do
you much damnit damnit medicine cabinet
medicine cabinet what do you want to do
here rearrange Todd's personal
medications squirt toothpaste on the
medication cabinet slam the doors leave
a note on the medicine cabinet leave it
out left side Dwayne right side Todd you
write not that he's been confusing then
lately of course you just want to make
sure he knows shower
stuff on the shower floor leave no hurt
oh sorry
it's all about note leaving it's all
about note leaving toilet leave a note
come on into the bathroom you bastard
you bastard xenomorph cabinets going up
to the cabinets yep so we we've hidden
his pop-tarts fuck yeah didn't and those
are s'mores flavored pop-tarts those are
the good shit come on read my notes read
my notes go to the bathroom you bitch
anything a couch yet
it's gonna be I'm just like full
unknowing roommate mode oh here we go
that's computer change Todd's facebook
status uninstall steam on Todd's
computer that's gonna be a lot of
suspicion I think that would be annoying
for good measure you also delete his
Skyrim saves that's just annoying
Todd notices you know gosh darn it
Todd moves out next Tuesday you think
you've won but then your phone notifies
us you have a lengthy Facebook post
Hondas written about your behavior I'm
very disappointed in my roommate Dwayne
he's been harassing me and making my
life miserable and why does he keep
wearing combat armor around the house
all of your mutual friends have liked
this message you may have some
difficulty finding a replacement combat
armor oh that's Hicks yeah okay yep so
we go back and do that again with did we
fuck something up
was that done right enough I don't I
don't we failed
I know that wait where's Mike and on
shit there's all my shit I don't know
where your shit is probably because we
failed it's gone so much shit rich I had
some my swords hey welcome back to
storage
oh that's what autocorrect states skates
do what so like right now I'm just
pressing left and I can't because like
there's a thing here yeah but if I put
autocorrect skates on and I just pressed
left or right it just kind of moves me
Oh direction it's like right now I'm
just holding up chat saying if only
there was a room that stored things yeah
but why did I lose my shit Hey because
we failed I don't know you expect me to
know all the things that's a reasonable
expectation because I am rich Evans and
you know all know things but but I don't
know this one for sure this is the thing
that you do not know you found the thing
weird guys they're all dead something's
happening this it's nighttime now or
something you know like I've never had
this I've never had this limited view
before
Oh Oh what you're under arrest
what
gems of ill Thor hat are an obsolete
form of currency but if you collect
enough perhaps you can find a vendor
who's to accept them fucking what sums
in that video or I reacted to the Star
Wars Force awakens trailer which that
toy you opened out of the box expensive
I don't know it was Mike's and I had his
authorization to open it so oh oh okay
I'm in jail that's how I got the last
thing that's neat I guess and yakking
out of jail yeah I can get out I'm just
searching around like stealth
I found a grenade oh those are grenades
which ones are burn aids I just picked
up six grenades so we can blow up the
cops
apparently throw grenades ooh names Oh
splat those are pears not grenades
up that's right why did I get stuck
there
oh I cuz I'm full of gems
you have no keys it's not gonna work I'm
trying to remember where my here's in
jail yeah hide in the jail so he won't
take you back to jail
oh you know it's the principle of not
getting caught I understand that I
understand and agree is this where my
shit was mmm the Red Room bomb pic so
there's a new thing
okay can't get that close nope Oh
apparently I needed to go into jail oh
this is time chest Jack rich you do it
I'm terrible at chess just move a guy
forward attack attack attack what the
guy oh no you're doing it wrong I don't
know what I'm doing that you do that
fuck fuck gimme gimme I gotta yeah the
same Christmas save it
I will get another beer
move
ah all right all right figuring out the
controls jack is what it is it's crazy
it's crazy town it's what it is
oh I get it I get it get it
that's your cooldown bar man he's about
to move
I believe in your agendas
what are the rules the rules are chests
for that little bar when it goes all the
way down that means you can move again
battle chess I like this
Rich's way ahead of the game don't
listen to me rich
this is happening rich chess master
boom oh snap whore Stefan I forgot which
one you were for a second
Rich's black if you're just joining us
where did you stop
you got the thing you got the thing whoo
hey go Jack you wrenched the bridge out
of the middle into his head I like that
that chest thing was great you want a
game that's just battle chest the speed
kind of chest yes can we get a stand
alone what the fuck oh I got all my shit
back and a bridge
what happened
if I told I didn't know would you
believe me okay
blue and yellow makes cyan oaky Jen oh
that's cute
what
did you do blue and yellow because we
need cyan do blue and a yellow how do I
do blue and go down and a sword the blue
and sword the yellow can you mix like
this is Mickey no I got that guy's
purple
you know what what
did I get a Siam I don't know what we're
doing for sure great
I got a bunch more keys
and I don't know what's happening okay
great we found the purple key though and
we learned more about corn what a blue
and green makes I am oh all right you
know what I still don't quite understand
what's happening oh I got the bridge
don't worry
somebody can't get it through spaces is
that what I'm understanding standing
about the bridge take off of the skates
it says on the screen
wait did we get all those things where
do you have that megasaur right yeah can
you get another one what matter oh you
know man no you didn't give that that
you thing what's that oh it's red you
don't have a red one a yellow one all
right so if we go oh shit dog what
happened I exploded it all exploded okay
well I didn't know what happened but you
did it right yep
found the red key
these colored quartz deposits sometimes
form natural internal gyroscopes
limiting their movement to one axis
thanks lady
okay okay don't wait you'll block
yourself off if you get that yeah
nice apparently I already had one of
those doesn't he need to go back and get
the cyan cue I don't even know where we
get the cyan key i if there was a way to
figure out how to get the sine key I
didn't figure it out oh well we all know
I hate supports so okay what do you want
no this does jungle glommer
support excel see our ADC this is gonna
be like a Betamax mid okay can you do
top speckler I guess it's back there
sure 12:12 that sounds good great it'd
be tourism Spackler accidentally team
kills Ignacio and tries to play it off
as denying bloomer slips away while
manga tropes princess and time cube
argue who deserves last hit more a ward
spots scull bar fur in the top half
specular leveled up Excelsior is getting
tired I don't know what this is I don't
either
great
team effectiveness is going down what
yep
okay how do we fix that can be to call a
timeout timeout Lori kajigger Betamax is
getting tired Marie kajigger hid beep
okay
Betamax is getting tired he only has two
energy oh no his energy is 5 out of 11
so we'll swap them out for Stinney and
Oh support Excelsior is dead swap them
out for Olaf and Ignacio swap them out
for go nein nein no Calphalon yeah
Guillermo boom Flint a long game play
the long game
I hit B to resume yeah boom is this a
dota text adventure yes is that what it
is I think so I'm not that familiar what
DotA's oh I'll go off quit the game need
new support 10/10
yeah
52:58 but two timeouts left
people are leveling up corpsicle is
losing it
Spackler is getting tired gentle
Spackler well now I'm gonna wait a
little bit longer is getting tired
Celsius fully rested and boom
pause speckler Spackler just levels up
so let's rest them yeah go on the twelve
twelve and then let's take out Guillermo
what about glommer what about Claire
6 of 13 sure bring Betamax back in take
camera out don't go too crazy go 8-8
yeah here we go one timeout left
here we go corpsicle hang in there
people leveling up people are regaining
health might feel okay take some dragon
ste knee leveled up car persico's losing
it got people fully rested we got people
leveling up
okay that's all right I'm waiting I got
one more time out hold we got to
corpsicle
two out of ten corpsicle two out of ten
do it wait I can wait longer no you
can't look at your ProHealth look at
your bear your Nexus health Jack we've
waited too long
what we've waited too long we're almost
dead there's two health bars I didn't
even know yeah yeah I'm just watching my
team get all the studs in there get all
the studs don't put the 1313 this is
support that's a lot of I don't know
actually I don't know about DotA's that
might be good for all I know
right sure why not right my ex come
knowledge won't help me here wait wait
wait wait wait wait wait I know I'm
looking at the skill level uh all right
not unless we do 90 dedenne 82 for team
effectiveness okay hit it jack
here we go come on come on get him good
we got we're getting them
oh we're even
we evened up weave it up good you're
doing good you're doing good up there we
go
then we got one more hit one more head
you ain't got shit on me dog the upset
of the century I don't even notice
hey Jack world is dead where you're
waiting you're waiting why are you
waiting
great
that's great bombs are going off
randomly son of a bitch you got the bomb
item what I don't have a bomb item you
had a purple bomb thing for beating the
donut oh sure I get it
I also no longer have my my sword so I
guess the bomb thing is good just why
why and where good job pulling that out
of your ass directly out of my ass thank
you very much black mushrooms where
where why why where where do you want me
to go
orange music notes I think we already
have that we already have that oh we
have no keys yeah that Kelly that killed
me wait fuck Oh didn't I didn't I
apparently don't worry didn't die well
you can see the numbers coming on me so
you know where to avoid Oh stay down
stay down lower it lower
all right go clear kid now let's blow
this thing and go home I know that
that's like the Star Wars
that's between 6 and 9 wait I mean you
were right to think to think that
okay I got it I got a new thing
I got what did you get I don't know but
it's new I have it now that's another
one of their you could have well you
couldn't get it cuz they were shrubbery
yeah I don't have my sword sit away need
to find sword and get her sword back I
don't think it matters I don't know man
I don't know why why what fucking hell
man did I get that thing I have the
other way is blocked by water yeah but I
just need another see I don't know shit
run run run or you can move the bombs
that's fun eh
this can't be right but this is the only
way I can go oh wait I have a candle do
the poof's hurt you Jack died from a
poof so yes some of the poof's hurt me
but only if I'm in the blast radius if
I'm like on the edge of the pouf they
don't hurt but if I'm if I'm directly in
the bat blast they heard I believe keep
Oh back in the church pants
Jesus flippin flacon Christ there's that
thing we might be able to jump up there
now oh nice
if the bombs don't get bombs got to it
shit no they didn't yeah what's that Oh
leo is still there but the bombs
destroyed the gems which is what we
stand on James yes oh well no oh yeah
yeah we can't stand on Jim oh because of
them because we're full of gems we're
full of stars I don't know I don't know
what puzzle is here but I can go here
now son of a bitch I can go here now and
I couldn't go here before I think of
insanity jacket sanity rich it's utter
insanity
fuck its but it's bombs are just
happening also Oh what are we even
bothering going over here for right now
cuz it's the only place I can go I think
what do we need the bomb for I don't
know I just made my way through the big
maze are you well that wasn't a Jim that
was a thing I could get Oh you tricky
fucking game I don't know the things do
know nobody does can't you see that's
just a Jim okay I'm getting out of here
metal shrugs couldn't bomb bombed this
hey hey bones check that out you haven't
done the Red Door in the church go back
god damn it you had you haven't done the
Red Door in the church think about you
think about that put that in your pipe
and smoke it
take me to church hybl five holes Aziza
buzu these buzu pursue their oh oh
that's right that's new you're right
that's new there's that red thing on the
top of the church on it that's new okay
you're right we were to where I was told
I was so focused on um I'm getting to
the other one jump you can motherfucker
you fucking egg look at you you're an
egg no god damn it
yeah egg man take it rich and Jack
weren't on BBS as much no we were not on
BBS I wasn't I can't speak for Jack
what's BBS pre-internet
it was dial-up I called a server with
your phone nope farm
tene Obama I'm really nervous about the
10th grade presidential debate mom
see no bubbles when we got
just be sure to do a good job shaving
and you'll knock them dead you do it
Obama cuz I can't do an impression can
you do anything right now are you out of
commission jack
this might have broken me hold on
aw shucks thanks mom no time limit
come on come on don't get 100% what
enough time for I never said just get to
get the mustache no no no saving the
mustache saving them up high because it
looks awesome
fuck
Michelle here's you've stated the Union
addresses in five minutes fear all
that's left is to shape well then I'll
be ready I'll let you concentrate I'll
let you concentrate son of a bitch
do it do it do it jack you know do you
get scissors cut
great looking great looking great
looking great looking great I know I'm
concentrating too much okay we're up
good enough good enough oh no this is
terrible
you can this is great
get off your nose get it off your nose
berry there we go look at he looks great
Oh Residential's a hell of a shave jack
presidential looking great
fuck yeah
so presidential boom
there's a bomb in the presidential tour
bus I'll handle this I can't let you do
that mr. president president obama
punches him fuck yeah
wait wait any more to this
I was waiting for a trick where like
that has nothing to do with diffusing
the bomb he actually had to click on the
panel and cut a wire I was waiting for
that maybe maybe we didn't have to do
that shit everyone
taras your hero they they missed it they
missed it they did I'm afraid he only
has a few hours left is there anything
we can do all we can do is make him
comfortable
what'll make me comfortable is getting
this damned top iary off my face I'll
give you some privacy
Oh elderly Obama one last shave
have you grown more hair
we got this we got this we got this
we're just gonna write the shape it's
gonna write the shaving I don't care if
I'm bloody we're gonna wait to shaven
that's a lot of blood a lot of blood
Wow very fucked up dime Obama's face
oh he was dying anywhere 1969
Lola Bella when do I get to shave first
let you know some but until then you can
help dad
yay something something's gotta be up
with this right what like what I don't
know rich
you're being extra anal this time I
think eventually we just have to like
not shave right I don't know are you
gonna give him the Hitler mustache he's
got like a little Van Dyke here mustache
go to your situation battery is running
low
yeah that's like hip get my hip hair do
traitor to xeam says this is the best
thing ever thanks for streaming you got
the thing we got the finger rich so we
won we won the thing all right what a
strange dream got the fairies are still
here once the dreamt I was President
Obama I was conscious only my happiness
I was conscious only of my happiness as
President Obama unaware that I was
myself now I do not know whether I was
then a fairy dreaming I was President
Obama or whether I am now President
Obama dreaming I am a fairy what shit
then I heard more than one tip but I'm
only seeing one in here find this one
I'm sorry I'm reading what I see I have
a bridge now rich hero I got here what
what what what happened are you losing
all your items go up what's in the sand
or
okay so we just end up back here after a
time
okay Groundhog Day
Jimmer K says if you go back to the
sewer with the bridge you can play part
two of passive-aggressive xenomorph what
oh wait we're gonna clock here that's
running yeah yeah and the clock only
goes remember back I said
11:40 this something is gonna ring now
yeah then I wake up again and so you
remember remember this yeah 1122 1147 so
we can change the clock
oh wait this can get this right this can
get me into the shop but we're had to
run because it moves fairly fast you
don't have any of your items by the way
I know I'm just setting the clock this
time oh oh this is the real clock yeah
where was it from six six to ten go
earlier than six if you can
get your things and fuck up the clock
again SEF fired back jingo no but I just
wanted to see if it started again edited
like maybe just if it's not going back
again though I bought me a little bit
it's saying you can use the torch torch
torch that's what I meant
well I didn't have it at first now I
have it find the shop find the shop find
the shadow fan shot and get gems on your
way to the shop
alright where's the shop I don't know oh
it's here it's over here have these devs
made anything else they made frog
fractions motherfucker
oh but I can't get in there because my
sword
well don't grab the sword next time
we're gonna have to reset yeah punch
yourself
yep that doesn't work apparently
son-of-a-bitch
stop it I can't turn I gotta drop the
bridge if you press the other buttons
you could change it by 10 minutes or an
hour at a time just for your information
oh that's what I was trying to do hello
we're back which one do we come from
this one down yeah can you put away your
sword oh they were sitting there where
someone just went into the door you sure
we'll move it ahead because we need to
get rid of the sword uh-huh we need to
get rid of the sword we need to reset so
when you run the sword so you can get in
the shop well no no I can just go around
the other way if I remember with you oh
no there's another way in let's find
them all right all right Lord Huff Huff
says all right I'm headed out but thanks
again for playing my game thumbs up
thank you Lord Huff huff
thank you bigoted
you can also change the am/pm yeah oh
I'm here oh you can change the reset
time yeah
what am i doing
oh my laptops out of batteries I can't
not read tips what am i what am i doing
rich I don't know I don't know what
you're doing i I just I gotta put down
this bridge that's number one
right
rich is gone I don't know where riches
I'm trying to figure this out and I'm
forgetting where everything is
alright alright I'm seein what's
happenin
so what's up everyone how's it how's it
um how's it hanging
how's everyone doing
hopefully everyone's having a good time
I'm glad everyone came out today
figuring out a little a little frog
fractions too you know
maybe do this wrong
I reset me
any reason why that didn't work is there
any reason why that didn't work is there
any reason that I didn't work huh
gosh darn it
I'm gonna try a different tactic I'm
gonna try the using of the bridge tactic
Oh or that works oh there's a little guy
there's a little guy rich let's take a
little guy running around there's a
little guy running around well if you
can find him that is great do we turn on
the torture yes okay
that clerk is asleep
the laptop is on the charger right now I
need a yellow key rich I do not have a
yellow key what happens if I stay in
here after it closes yeah can you have
yellow okay before I got another thing
maybe you have to be an employee to get
in to get the yellow key is there an
application what
it's gonna hang out in here until after
they close see what happens
so my sort around see a message here
great clerk is asleep
it's a wicker basket okay I'm just gonna
hang out here till it's only a little
bit I figured out what it was it wasn't
getting rid of my sword it was using the
bridge by the way three more letters and
we'll be done with the game is that true
yeah what letters I think those are
letters over there I think is the idea
all right we're almost done swing my
little most plan playing it to
completion if we're close what time is
it
talk to the shopkeeper
try the door watch yourself okay I work
at least you can punch yourself okay so
we need to become an employee or we have
to get a yellow key or something you
might need to purple all of the letters
that sounds reasonable
I'm sorry what we might need to make all
of the letters purple what is that green
are can you pick up that green I
actually cannot pick up that girl what
is it I did I picked it up before so
what's the deal with that monster on the
side then t-rex we have to be able to
get out there right I'd love to be able
to tell you man I would just love to say
what all the things are bound wait
Shepard there you are here's the report
on those donuts you asked us to get
after a vicious battle with the black
hole black hole Suns mercenary group we
claimed their great treasure that
cruller of despair then Jack just
straight-up ate it classic Jack that's
Jack we had no luck on Trident because
Thane assassinated every single Baker
before they could bake us a donut I
guess they were particularly evil
Baker's but still annoying here's your
Mass Effect tie-in by the way yeah yeah
Marla the pleasant the pleasantly chubby
was going to give us one of her
doughnuts but then Miranda started
talking about how annoying it was to be
genetically perfect and
Erlich kicked us out of her harem colony
bakers and quorum chased us out with
pastry forks as soon as they saw
professor solace turns out he's
responsible for giving their donut
sentience and teeth which is a bad
combination the CEO was celebrating some
weird holiday were young a sorry try to
sneak a jelly donut into a just a car's
pocket for good luck SMERSH says to tell
you you're welcome for the donut and you
over 5,000 credits for dry-cleaning
someone named sticky fingers Larsen
Larsen Ian sent Garris message saying
remember our bet that I can only steal
this yada yada yada yada yada yada yeah
yeah now I'm Irene all this shit oh my
god oh my god okay
great what is the what of the purple and
green doors do oh the remember the green
door I don't even remember there and a
purple door is here okay so we got all
this shit all right
rich Retd please oh my god I got so
bored reading it oh oh wait I think I
can do some with the purple thing we
need this reading all the shit is the
point of playing this and one more
remember you have a bridge that lets you
pass over walls let's see what's up top
first well I'm trying to I'm trying to
use my bridge yeah go can I just do this
trying to pass over water but apparently
that is nothing right oh here we go now
you got that one square of water you can
to the right yeah there I don't think
the gem factory no we've not been here
great mr. purple you thing to the right
wish we had that key I think so hmm I
see no gems being produced in this
Factory perhaps it's tea time the thing
the thing in the door were you would you
go over here form you said the purple
key no no the blue key there was a blue
thing oh my god the purple thing but we
needed the blue key to get the purple
thing oh we try to repaint this room
since postpartum depression incident but
the fairy historic preservation said he
never approved the permit
oh my god why are up in the sky I've
noticed fucking sword
you know what I've noticed we can fight
that dinosaur monster guessing created
by Warren Warren Robert when a random
raffle in fairy power magazine to get
his name in the game that's a reference
to a soul the thing nice you spilled
something I get it ah your keys are all
pink do they need to be I don't know I
know we can't get that one thing in the
purple room the purple thing in the room
no great
remember how the green key fucked you
over someone is saying no I don't we'll
miss the door on roof fucking ask you oh
yeah there's door down there son of a
bitch sort of Oh fucking now one gem on
top of the gems to get the blue thing I
say riff weird roof roof roof whatever
hey maybe go back and I think I can't
against a herding cats I know jack
missed a thing I don't think you can get
it now because his keys are all orange
or pink mics what what oh no oh shit
yeah what if we didn't have a mic
what what what Duke Duke - Duke of Earl
Earl Earl Duke of Earl oral Earl lead
begin
Oh widen higher lower to get your blue
stripe at the red oh my god
this is I don't know what I'm doing oh
just you know what if you just talk
normal
I just don't know we keep time I can't
work yeah oh my god
9/11 was an inside job
Obama's a secret Muslim this is
absolutely terrible Rachel I think I
think are you talking super fun
one year so we want the blue stripe
lined up with the red we don't know how
to sing du du-uh du-uh du-uh du-uh
something some that summer do doo wop
new
I don't think we're gonna lose we're
gonna lose and then that's gonna be the
whole stream the lines key what what I
don't know what's going on yes we see
that the cars are racing and that we're
losing hmm what are we supposed to do
about this shit please be safe
I don't think that the voice has
anything to do with it it's just a troll
quite likely go back in
ah great start fuck it I'll do we wanna
like this base for me
I don't know baritone tenor what are
these things mean I think one of us just
needs to say one of us just needs to
sing yeah all right gonna be bass ready
you want to do it or you Oh
Oh
lower
fucking nail him
fucking nail then I'm a musical oh fuck
I'm a musical genius
you're welcome everyone yeah sure honey
honey pie honey pie what have you say
then okay okay we did it we did it what
did we do it we did it how embarrassing
I agree you know what we did it so fuck
y'all wait how do we get in here again I
don't know I just know our keys are all
fucked up oh yeah we have pink keys
again still not again still there's a
difference what do they say to us now
that we're Orange talk to the person do
they not recognize this I'm curious nope
where do we where do we go where do we
come from the shop we found the gem
Factory which was up north oh yeah go up
north I'm gonna show you something
go to the gym factory yeah go over the
bridge see you're right
yeah that was some thing you could have
gotten no no we can still get that that
just says yes sent to page centipedes
nearby yeah so we need to kill the
centipede yes so we can still do that
thing you need to be whipped we have to
grit some gems so we can stab him
properly yeah but but what apparently
I'd no longer have my fire which gets
rid of gems I have pairs is your torch
in storage
what can we get rid of our own gems
I found a purple key I'm good we might
need that lantern or Kendall
it's Parrish now we have a pair
okay well we get that one that's
something
he's busy okay I got one
maybe if I throw all my pears tread
let's get all we can first good good
good oh did I mess up you watch yourself
it's blocked punch myself there we go so
just this guy right here use the bridge
that's a good idea
hey can you can you get the bridge no
can you get it from the other corner
there no it's designed so that you can't
get the bridge oh oh oh wait was this
thing over there yeah
uh-huh
okay good work Jack did something I did
something right well now I just got to
skim along the entire edge of this right
oh wait there's another thing up there
here there's two messages here now all
right well then we'll see here that's
weird
don't I think lots of things are weird
yes that's also true I'd like to kill
the centipede do we still have the torch
I don't know I have pairs can you get
rid of the perish I'll try throw in all
the pairs take it to the bridge I said
take it to the bridge
I don't know that thing we just got see
what happens if we go to the bridge take
take what to the bridge we don't I don't
know I read the things the thing we just
got was a letter people are crazy
five four pairs well that turns things
okie turn it into a green door
oh my fire came back haha I just needed
to get rid of my pairs I got I got a
purple thing I don't know if I can
handle any more corn factoids you know
Sam yep all right
wait go up how do we get that centipede
can we use the bridge to get that
through the wall or something I don't
know if we need to sweep
it's not know what your guess is just as
good as mine did we get all the things I
don't know what we got and where we got
them Jack I don't know because that's
the name of the game right now is just
finding all of the purple things so like
like there's a purple thing we need for
example it's not one we need yeah
oh do I already have that okay I already
have that purple thing okay so then we
go there's a red key in there I don't
know if I still need that or what I
and we were over here a little bit ago
you guys been to the area to the far
right and down past the red Dyer bushes
we still haven't gotten past the metal
Dyer bushes bridge to the blimp bridge
to the blimp and reading the things
already unlocked gamepad support
motherfucker that's the thing then we
get that already I don't know I really
don't know oh yeah we did
take the bridge into the blimp
take the bridge into the bump you can't
you cannot I will show you why in just a
moment I'll check this air Oh this area
also I cannot get the bridge but I got
all those so it's cool laptops on the
charger I'll check tips before we're
done
let's pick musical note in there bridge
to that thing what I got that to the
right oh yeah we need that how do we get
there from the blue thing up top there's
another thing you need at the top right
- is there what's over that way what's
over right from here I think that's
bring the bridge with you you can get
two things let's go down maybe and to
the right I think that's where the metal
bushes are at that if we can't get pests
let's find out okay hey you know what
rich we got a plan oh we got ourselves
them get the fuck I need to turn I need
a wife kita turn off auto skates okay
fuck you too
fucking sword alright Oh
oh yeah yeah you see that's right we
haven't been what's in there or two in
that door is there anything in there
what have we been down down what's in
that thing there in the middle of all
that arrow junk the oh yeah we've been
in there okay it's this area right we
haven't killed anything in here since
we've gotten the sword we don't need to
kill anything we need to go there's
there's a door to the left yeah and I
bet and usually those doors only open
when you kill everything okay so I'm
guessing that we need to kill everything
in this room
fYI you can kill those shooters oh you
can kill the things on the left that
shoot that would be that would be
incredibly helpful if Hammurabi wouldn't
keep killing you that'd be great fucking
sword nope no fucking sword hey got to
him you know what I got two of them also
they can shoot through my bridge just
putting that out there I did not know
they could shoot through my bridge I
thought I was kind of protected that's
it now okay
okay
it's fine it's fine everything is fine
Hammurabi yeah the purple things are
supposed to be gorillas right that's not
what they're supposed to be didn't
somebody say I think that's just in your
head man well the one thing we're lions
and the other thing were cockroaches I
think I think the fairy mentioned
something about purple gorillas but yeah
I've been wrong before
I think the fairies and something about
purple gorillas which is a normal thing
that you say when talking about this
game okay all right kill the thing come
here day
he's come here day okay we got we got
one yes done what's the other yes
you need to keep some of the gorillas
alive
you killed prematurely well how the fuck
was I supposed to know you weren't
son of a bitch ass no gorillas knew so
how do i how do i how do I get the
gorillas back I don't know jack reset at
the end of the day right but here's the
thing it doesn't know what stop doing
that I tried to get to real you know
I'll try again a lot you change the time
it resets that okay so what if I make it
reset at 10:00 at 11 o'clock at 11:00
11:00 o'clock
nope apparently that doesn't work all
right I don't know oh yeah I don't know
either I don't know maybe move a few
rooms over for it to respond question
mark nope what's to the right of that
path no I can't I think there's a button
to turn the alarm on the alarm and
somebody saying oh did it turn it off
right alright let's make sure let's make
sure the alarm is on
oh okay
I don't have time
I can just turn the alarm off yeah all
right great so I can get on a shit but
we can't kill the grill that area to the
right yeah that's right and then the one
room the green you said you couldn't get
there without your sword have you been
in there before
yeah it's just a pass okay never mind
them I was gonna say before you grab the
sword
okay now we're ready to rock back up
here don't kill that guy
okay what happens if the killer didn't
kill them so you know not much but I
just didn't want to okay so leave the
guerrillas those guys does it say
specifically centipedes make sure the
door opened centipedes okay I didn't
want to kill
that doesn't say all of the gorillas
need to be alive but I can understand
you not wanting to risk it right son of
a bitch wait wait try it
stop it fucking hate the sword yes I
know no not the sword skate remove
skates oh there we go can you grab me
ridge Turnpike rumble strip
I don't know if my
well you need to go down right this is
the bridges yeah it's like straight down
there but reach no it's got to be a way
to get it this way you can turn the
bridge I don't think there is do you
think trigger on the alarm is how you
get that one guy to wake up no idea the
shop owner yeah
I don't know man I don't think this is
it all right I thought for a second that
would be able to get like town to be big
enough but I guess it's not
oh wait that's weird
oh yeah yeah I like your thinking
I like there we go now right now move
the bridge No
so close this is this is we have the
right idea now well I just need to area
nope I think you like get on top of it
yeah yeah
what try to figure out how to do this
put it down go up and grab it from the
top looking a little lower with it look
oh yeah can you grab put the sword move
the sword she can kind of grab it from
there you go
we already have that letter not a purple
it's not okay one two three four five
five more things to get unless there's
three more gold ones we don't have no
we're looking for the purple ones
oh you mean yeah this possibility check
anything's possible rich I really hope I
really hope not though you know yeah my
sanity is is barely hanging out we might
not finish it we need to be prepared we
need to be prepared for that mentally
and emotionally
see here's the other end of that verse
what don't we have somebody's gonna
bring the bridge into the blimp yeah and
I thought I remembered and I couldn't
but
out of my way monkeys where's my bridge
hey my bridge
what what wait I'll leave it up here
thank you do what I did
clam bridge get my way shrubbery yeah
see if I come over here I lose my bridge
oh just go with ya so I want to say my
blimp adventure is done I obviously do
not know because is there a way to know
you know without go back and look and
then we get somewhere weird
oh it's there we just couldn't see it
apparently that's bull hockey uh yeah
what's that red thing up there a bomb no
we don't want that no we don't what's
the surrounded by boxes there's a
monster why is that monster surrounded
by boxes I think that was a puzzle
earlier yeah that was a puzzle earlier
because we need to kill all these guys
in order to okay okay in order to open a
door okay okay all right so can we get
anywhere weird with this like gonna go
up here up here in the other room sure
sure
do what you must
this is real life no it's just fantasy I
feel like I'm caught in a landslide man
who's like a dragon 300 Ragan that's
indeed
ditch this thing
I just tell if there's anything over
here
Oh so sorry
okay so great doing great everything's
great that's great
there is only one dragon head hey come
on
I mean I want to say I got it
oh that's just the white key in there
all right all right
what about down away well yeah and you
know what we have a we have the bridge
yeah yeah
okay let's bring the bridge in here and
see if we can fuck around a little bit
I'm assuming that means that doesn't
work what about down which means that
when I when I go all the way down it
kind of jumps back up Oh like that
alright well thanks Internet this has
been a bust bringing this back in here
Ange stage shit in here they're saying
you got real good at using this sorta
huh the saying you got real good at
using the song fuck yeah I'm sort of man
most of the right did we get everything
I don't care anymore just more bullshit
my god just more bullshit rich wait what
did that blimp used to say I thought I
said something something sewer yeah we
didn't limbs viewer that's funny
we client use the bridge no cuz the
broom the bridge disappear disperse do
you get out of here nor money Lim the
spewer I like it I'm not ready to call
him a jack oh I've been ready to call
him after so long right why didn't you
say anything because I'm I am weak what
I'm weak link say well one more thing
well this over by the dire bushes to
remember the dire bushes yeah let's go
over there okay I think that's up here
over here my sword isn't sharp enough
you know there's that monkey over there
too we're not the dire Bush's though do
you remember those the red ones yeah
what was on the other side of those was
there more do we explore everything that
was over there Oh Jack you're genius I
just wanna go up there get this Jimmy
you're an accidental genius I'll take it
son of a bitch
that's right a roll helicopter pad go
straight up
wait no over listen I think that's the
thing you can get that that purple thing
in there yeah the one on the to the
right isn't a thing you can grab that
looks like one of the keys or one of the
letters I think it's a thing you can
secretly grab to the right it's purple
no no no no no no no no no down right
there I'm fucking genius Jack a fucking
genius
best way to hide something jack plain
sight plain side god this looks like a
decoration what's another purple one is
that a thing too or no wouldn't that be
a kicking with you yeah okay okay just
help disguise the other one yep no it's
full purple things I don't know what
you're talking about
well that's got to be a way
all right read the door first this time
remember I didn't might not be too late
just read the door master using it and
you're gonna hope with this all right
said I think it is just kill everything
murder kill the spawners first murder
from above
good work good work I am a murder man oh
yeah
budge bridge a bridge of course of
course bridge
hello bridge sword okay that's not what
I wanted at all okay
the bowl full of liquor
there's another one in the shop are we
in the shot we the other side of the
shop
Oh God other blue versions of the
letters to the Frog notices you
presumably ribbit it says gesturing at
the rotten fruit behind it rub and it
always so we can hit oh can you hi look
in the right can you highlight those
letters not currently under there the
one that's sitting next to is that kind
of pee with the top of the pee cut off
that one try that and no road and we're
end the Frog ignores you and repeats ok
so just do what he's saying
and they nothing
what is he saying those fruits you took
either things here we can take that at
lab resemble is now or maybe he done the
other way throw a pair at him try it
okay the Frog rushes to catch the fruit
and takes a bite
it says happily holding up the fruit
processor growth of the fruit see and
says how much more of this I don't know
until Jack finally turns his fucking
thing off I'll be done soon
she's probably wanting to cook food soon
I hope if Jack ever finishes playing
this fucking game ah great what happened
oh you're you're over here I'm in the
menu alright so what now
VI mode DDR mode oh no oh no Jack Jack
is this the end of the game I don't
think so
I I don't unless somebody who's beaten
this and knows for fucking sure I am
dumb Karen monster big for Carol
probably hungry she's been waiting for
me I'm half an hour later than the
latest she would expect

[Part IV]
Oh Laurel Earl lead begin
Oh what and higher lower to get your
blue stripe at the red oh my god oh my
god
right this is I don't know what I'm
doing oh you know if you just talk
normal I just don't know we keep time I
can't work oh my god
9/11 was an inside job
Obama's a secret Muslim this is
absolutely terrible Richard I think I
think when you're talking sorry this is
fine
one year so we want the blue stripe
lined up with the red you don't know
what how to sing doo du du-uh du-uh
du-uh something-something do new
I don't think we're gonna lose we're
gonna lose and then that's gonna be the
whole stream the lines key what what I
don't know what's going on yes we see
that the cars are racing and that we're
losing hmm what are we supposed to do
about this shit please be safe
I don't think that the voice has
anything to do with it it's just a troll
quite likely go back in
ah great start
fuck it well do we want to like this
bass for me
I don't know baritone tenor what are
these things mean I think one of us just
needs to sing one of us just needs to
sing yeah all right wanna be bass ready
you want to do it or you
Oh
Oh
lower
fucking nail him
fucking nail that I am a musical a fact
I'm a musical genius
