Nov 19, 2017
Superflight, Hand of Fate 2
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/202812062
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/202814190
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/202816017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-0USa0rLgs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q6k3PO5XlSQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZWIDd8qAmaI
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/932315471394766848

[Part I]
is that better now they should be able
to hear us all right it looks like again
it's very possible that they can now
hear us our levels gonna be alright or
are they possibly super they should our
level should be oh look at you look at
you when you talk and then yeah when I
talk there you're far looks like you're
far louder than me but yeah maybe not it
looks like we're about the same did we
sound good
you need to be adjusted they can tell us
and they will tell us we can hear you I
was fine you guys suck perfect
everything's fine mic levels are fine
great hey everybody welcome to the
stream welcome thanks I don't know how
much time we're going to get out of this
game uh-huh
this game we saw four minutes ago uh-huh
called superfly yep and oh my god oh my
god I already crashed you did it
apparently get points for flying close
to walls yes you get more points for
flying through holes and stuff so like
if you've ever seen those like like Red
Bull YouTube videos of people in flight
suits flying down mountains that's what
this game is and that's all this game
yeah it's like a wingsuit simulator and
just kind of fly around in your wingsuit
and try to get points then that's it man
portal I wonder portal I can't see
portal means I'm blind now you just
weren't facing the thing this game is
one more thing it's three dollars that's
true this game is currently three
dollars on Steam oh and let me tell you
it is worth it this is a xenical theory
yep
I was about to say that it was a Zen
experience until you yelled oh shit rich
way to go so I appear to be able to go
up to no sliding down yeah I think you
need a bit of a you need a bit of
momentum in order to fly up okay okay so
is this game buying time while something
else is readied or no this is kind of
what we're playing now we have other
things that we can play we were thinking
about playing want to see this we will
give this a shot and I don't think this
is gonna carry us through a whole night
I can't imagine
I really cannot imagine I can always
play more hand to faith though than one
hates hand of faith is always empty l5
which was talking about getting its
superhot that we have options we have
nothing but options
we have nothing but I know where to go
there's nowhere to go I see I must have
missed this tip the other day when I was
streaming it's from true blue review who
says hey Jack what do you think of doom
and Skyrim getting ported to the switch
seems like the main selling point is
then being portable but is it really
worth three buying especially with dooms
graphical downgrade no I don't know why
you would want to play doom on a switch
unless you unless that's the only way
you can play you know that's fine yeah
I'm not a sudden that it's available on
the switch but it's not it would never
be my first choice if you have doom on
the PC or any other console there's no
reason to rebuy it unless you absolutely
need to play doom while taking a shit
exactly exactly
I've heard matter I've I've heard of
many people who love that Skyrim is now
portable because apparently the
prospects of playing Skyrim while
shitting is very popular I don't I've
never played Skyrim so I don't know why
that's a thing but grandma Tarkin - no
you cannot do barrel works it's just
it's just the stick just flying
nice rich and you see like that little
point counter and then as soon as you're
clear from whatever got you the points
you collect those points and you fly
around and try to get more points that's
it
yes tetris geek says the goal of this
game is to almost die as much as
possible without actually dying yes do a
thing that looks now
yeah it's messed it up how's that yeah
do a thing that looks cool it's a good
run yep it's fine run the game audio is
annoying you know what as soon as
Richards done with this run I'll turn
the game audio down it's there's no
music it's just wind noises and the
clinky clinky of you getting points I
find it very zen it's totally worth
three bucks I gotta say that this is
totally worthy I already feel like I've
gotten the money's worth and you didn't
even pay fright I hold on I'm just gonna
turn the game audio down just a smidge
there there we go
I've turned it down a bit
it's you know it's okay this game isn't
appealing to everyone it's it's very
limited but you know I think it's fun
let's see here what do you guys think of
services like miiverse shutting down and
leaving many features of entire games
unplayable this is what happens when you
have online connectivity rich this is
why I'm a big advocate of single-player
games and games not being tied to an
Internet or an Internet service there's
something very important right she
brings it up a lot
my response is dog this is going to
happen sooner or later
and it might happen to other things too
so this it's a cautionary tale it's a
cautionary tale my friends
oh nice that was sick rich he's got so
many achievements
I play this game for 30 minutes and then
never again I could see that I could see
that I can also see this being like a
thing that a game developer made hoping
that they could fit it into a bigger
game you know like yeah you know what if
what if in that uncharted game we had a
wingsuit section let me let me come up
with a prototype of wingsuit area and
they showed this to people at Naughty
Dog's
and the Naughty Dog said no
oh nice rich you did it I'm pretty happy
about that yeah that's good that's a
good point right no that would be way
too much fun for an uncharted game well
or a game of the light you know goo this
would be a great way to get to different
islands in an island hopping adventure
or planets in a space game yeah this
could be this could be a really fun
mechanic in a different game or like
this is very similar I think to or this
would be a different option in something
like breath of the wild where instead of
your little glider that just goes down
like what if what if you got to like
wingsuit from place to place that would
be awesome
let's pee need to see a tool-assisted
run of mmm a tool-assisted where
everything's pretty the controls are
pre-programmed oh oh sure someone is
asking in chat and rich does have a
dragon Mooney says what about steam
entire libraries are connected yes
service yes
steam is a gamble steam is a risk steamy
you don't own anything on steams why I
always say when you have the option to
buy things on gog.com seems a necessary
evil because it's the only way you can
get a lot of shit nice so this game
these maps are procedurally generated
but only when you leave the map area so
like rich is playing the same map over
and over but then when he leaves like
like when he died when he drove down
then a new map area got procedurally
generated but this map will stay the
same forever so rich could find like the
ultimate path in here sure it's it's
procedural or they're just a number of
different maps I believe they said it
was perceived today ok I want to speak
too soon I barely sure I am fairly
certain that they said procedure oh god
yeah and you know gog is now offering
many of the services that steam offers
but you still have the option to
download right a copy but you know you
can if you like achievements you can do
that on GOG there's seen a friend
tracking and gifting and in digital
sales and all sorts of stuff that GOG is
now offering that steam has but also the
ability to download and play without an
internet connection
so yeah I I'm with rich I I and I'm
double with rich after watching the
other noclip documentary because you
know it's always fun to have a you know
the a nice little it's it's nice to have
a good guy right nice to have someone
someone the root for said the project
recently put out a statement on micro
transaction
and how their new action-rpg won't have
any microtransaction well I almost
thought that was overkill because it's
like none of their games have had
microtransactions and it's not like they
were taking a stand they were just being
a dick
which I'm perfectly okay with anyone who
wants to be a dick to EA but right I
heard I have heard you saw me with
something watch this nothing about when
you walked in yeah news to you that this
whole battlefront - Star Wars
Battlefront - mm-hmm that Disney
actually stepped in and and and totally
a to come out it is reported and I don't
think there is any and I don't think we
will get any confirmation that Bob Iger
himself called EA to say knock it off
you're messing with my brand right right
and and yeah and and as soon as that
word came down then there's nowhere to
go there was nowhere it was too late I
thought there would be an opening in
there
it looked like there would be an opening
in there quit messing with my brain yes
that's exactly what Bob Iger would say
and that is what caused a to back off
and so you know it was kind of the the
the mass hate online wasn't immediately
effective but as soon as it reached
someone higher than a EA then it became
about yeah so you know still effective
sure what he a thinks about their
consumers
no and you know there were there were
others it's a cute this one does look
like you find another portal or dive man
just dive to the ground looks like yeah
it looks like you're going through soup
yes a decent blue it's more soup this is
like a cucumber soup oh you could get
all you could do it I'm just feeling it
so is the best case scenario for Star
Wars and gaming that EA doesn't cut this
shit out and and people are really
pissed and then when the contract is up
you just need two sides not to go with
the a anymore that would be the best
case in it yes the I think the real
problem is Disney just doesn't give two
shits about video games as a branding
opportunity you know they got the movies
down they got the toy line from that
down right so like video games are an
afterthought to them right so like I
give it to EA whatever I don't care
right until you a made a big enough
stink but eventually someone who has Bob
iger's year or someone up in Disney's
ear will say hey this is uh this is a
more powerful branding opportunity than
you realize what if we made really good
games kind of like our movies what
making me a good movie right more toys
to sell and more opportunities for cross
promotions and I got alright give it to
someone who cares I don't care give it
to another company I don't care just
make it make it so people don't bother
me about this video game culture and and
we yeah we might get some good Star Wars
games on there which would be nice of
course that won't happen for 10 years by
that time the heat death of the universe
for heat is all a cure
Disney actually ended the entirety of
infinity 3.0 because it wasn't profiting
enough yes there there little amiibo
like yeah game there Skylanders SD game
though I'm sad that that you know a
property of theirs that a lot of people
enjoyed a lot of people enjoyed those
infinities I'm sad that you know that
property had today
oh shut up look at the chat I thought
I'd have more time to adjust I was
wondering why you weren't pulling up we
did get a lot of good background toys to
use on our shelves because infinity
crash I think I think there's several
things on the nerd crew set that I got
for $1 yeah it said the removal of
microtransactions from Star Wars is only
temporary until they figure out a
solution what do you think they will do
just lower in-game requirements for
unlocks I think they'll wait till
everybody's forgotten about it and then
I'll come back exactly like it was yep
100% that is 100% what will happen
that is 100% what will happen it will
come back the second the gaming
community forgets about it moves on to
something else
when's awards award seasons coming up
right yeah yeah sure
awards season will give the gaming
community something else to talk about
and then they'll just sneak them back in
Boop
well everyone's talking about game of
the year they'll be sneaking them back
in you know everyone will get a free
Boba Fett
oh nice rich ok first of all you are
applying for a job at Ian's because that
is brilliant the free Boba Fett updates
and everyone will drool over it but you
have to agree to some terms and services
Boba Fett will have his new outfit
this is his his escape from the Sarlacc
outfit now if Ray's like covered with
goop escaped through the Sarlacc Boba
Fett and if you were eight if you want
that outfit you have to agree to some
new terms and services which include the
return of microtransactions and everyone
will do it and fucking love it and
they'll give you enough in game points
where it's almost enough to buy a loot
crate let's give everyone a free lead
great that one free loot crate and
ensign bonus yeah yeah
and so everyone it's like the drug
dealer giving out his first joint for
free right yeah your kid have some drugs
we're so sorry have some free loot
crate's and then everyone will start
clicking and you'll see the fireworks
and they'll go oh that was fun
the internet will be all over it I've
got to stop looking at the key after
trip I had one and I was like all the
way I was like pretty high and then I
got time
that's not the case they want to dump me
right out into the action if you if you
go through a portal you're right in the
action but if you go down yeah then you
get sent a little more time because you
can just fly downward see the internet
will not care what club oh cool the
internet won't care if they get to be
Boba Fett
I'm gonna go ahead and agree with rich
here the internet will will not
kerfuffle at all if they get to play as
a really cool character
I want to disagree but EA has been
getting away with the ships more than 10
years yeah they knew what's up they're
not dumb and making money they're making
cheddar something that we were talking
about wanted to something we're talking
about a little bit on on Thursday was
the the reports that were coming out of
the people at like at rockstar and take
to where they were talking about their
experiences with micro transactions and
how insanely oh how insanely profitable
they are and in fact you you don't need
a large user base buying in to loot
crate's you only need about 10% of your
user base doing buying into loot crate's
and a lot of your money in fact comes
from just 1% of purchasers like you have
single customers buying tens of
thousands of dollars worth of loot great
someone on Thursday was saying that they
had a friend who worked for that Marvel
online game and they had to to users who
each spent over $70,000 on in-game
purchases in the bottle is that insane
that's insane
yeah there used to be a streamer a rich
guy who would just his whole streams he
would spend tens of thousands of dollars
just on csgo stuff really and just open
it and see what he got that was his
whole stream is just opening boxes yeah
what come on man what are you doing he
would get drunk and vide tens of
thousands of dollars worth of loot
crate's first of all it's a brilliant
streamer because then we get to watch
the crates being open that's like a
that's like secondary cocaine usage like
I'll just watch other people take
cocaine
the dark days of csgo I want to get
through there so bad but I can you can't
or you're just not good enough
damn Jack I'm just I'm just trying to
keep it real here you can't
start higher
like yeah I don't know are there like
updrafts and downdrafts or can you just
fly script I've not seen a dress yet or
down drafts oh yeah that Mary this might
be too thin that could be a oh it's
gonna make it that could be a downside
of the procedural generation in some
areas you just can't get out of I
believe take two even recently stated
that microtransactions account for about
half of their revenue this is not going
away oh yeah that's why there's no like
they don't care about Grand Theft Auto
anymore because they have Grand Theft
Auto online they don't care about new
single-player games because Grand Theft
Auto online is what makes them their
money it's depressing yeah but like
single-player games aren't going away
they're just gonna be smaller or fewer
and farther in between
they're shockingly addictive yeah for
three bucks this is what I'm saying is
totally worth three bucks I bought it
and got about 10 20 minutes in and I was
like oh this is this is
ooh weird you're in thor ragnarok does
it have VR support Gino suave I have no
idea
as we rich and I have no VR things like
a recipe going on this is also I also
yes that would clearly be a recipe for
throwing out
my turns agree and said this could
easily include enemies or courses you
have to follow in the future yeah I
could see some some mod support for this
giving us some some sick-ass courses
enemies I'm not sure about I'm not you
know like maybe if it had like a oh you
know okay so here's how you do enemies
in this game yep you have some sort of
shield mechanic where you can't
goddamnit
you can't move like you can't go up or
down but your shield comes on and you
can bash through guys but you need to
time it just right so you turn your
shield on you can't move you bash
through a guy and then you take your
shield off and flutter and glide again
you got it you got to find guys up on
the mountain and be Ashton with the
shield you didn't do it didn't do it
a rabid wolf says just moving your head
slightly in vrs be really not making me
want to put on a VR headset nope nope
I'm not saying every game needs a
conflict mechanic desperate Punk and I'm
just spitballing some ideas if there
were enemies in this game you would have
to find a way to fight them while
gliding and you know like I wouldn't
want to add like a gun or anything oh no
you know like I think that would take
away from the mechanic and so I was
trying to trying to think of a way gun
fall gun to incorporate like to stick
with the simplicity of the flying while
also having some sort of ability to take
down I like it just the way it is
big blue affronted says shut the fuck up
Jack you're not a game designer you've
never had an idea that wasn't terrible I
got an idea that's not you know
previously recorded was Jack's idea here
that's the stream this stream right here
yeah boom I got an idea that's not
terrible how about a band for 30 minutes
I proved I proved fuck off man I'm done
the same thing Jack I've done the same
thing I'd do it again I'd do it again
sassy Jack that's right sassy Jack the
30 minutes seems light I didn't want to
make it like a perma ban he didn't he
didn't say anything like
he didn't say anything that offended my
delicate SJW sensibilities sure ticket
right okay yes that was a Canadian perma
ban absolutely maybe I'm not exploring
in there it's corn now the band corn
oh there is corn now we got some new hey
we got some new emotes guys who made
them for us
what's the corn referencing corn shuckin
someone someone made a throwing court
look you can see it while you're playing
someone made a throwing corn emote and I
love it yeah I got it I got to remember
who they are though hold on yeah I
remember who made us our corn emotes H
Twitter user H under a complete tak a a
complete hack a JK Twitter user made us
some new emotes he gave us a they gave
us some corn they gave us casual horse
which I love that he actually they
actually made a casual heart pixel dance
they made uh they did they did make a
new fuck bot which had some wrong sizes
so I need to fix that and Photoshop and
they did also make it
I'm trying to make some Jack there's a
pretty good chance that guy you banned
was joking well then he told a bad joke
and the band stays how about that it's
30 minutes
yeah it's 30 minutes Highlander a.k says
I'm H aka lol great well then it was
Highlander aka who made us our new
emotes and I love them casual horse the
guy you fan was then I would feel bad
yes I wanted that
where was that what that opening oh you
gotta find it now yes
that was awesome rich see this funny
nice this is three bucks it's three
dollars
their days this game is less than a cup
of coffee right mad wing suit strats is
that oh I think we have more emotes -
what's your take on disaster artists
might be interesting looks good yeah and
I don't know if I'm gonna see it because
I still haven't seen the boom so I don't
you probably wouldn't get anything out
of it right there's very little I would
get out of it
we have other new emotes in a casual
horse we got corn was the other new one
I thought we had another the proportion
problems oh I can fix them it was it was
um the the emotes Highlander HK as you
know the sigh you know the size they
need to be but they also need to be
perfect squares and so you need to
submit emotes in three different sizes
28 pixels by 28 pixels
56 pixels by 56 and I want to say 1 128
I you you have the right sizes but uh
your new fuck BOTS and your biscuit
emotes the frames were skinnier you even
though you had you still had they were
still like 28 pixels tall it was only 20
pixels wide and so that's just something
I need to take into Photoshop and
manually change the frame size which I
can do I just didn't get around to it
this afternoon
that's on WE executive horse wife sorry
I like that name executive horse wife
executive or if we can't talk about
Justice League because I haven't seen it
yet you want to know what I think about
it we just we just did a half in the bag
on it and rich literally just did a half
in the bag about it all so it's super
fresh this weekend and so just in case
we will be will we won't be spoiling it
but I'll tell you what I am gonna see it
over the break and next week Sunday when
we're both back Oh we'll talk will we
there's nothing there's I've seen it
yeah there's not enough to talk about
bullshit then there's there's literally
there's not enough to talk about it
shallow experience that film well then
hopefully I'll remember enough to try to
talk about it
to come out of that moving my brain was
starving oh I'm very sorry that I I am
as we've talked about a bunch I am very
excited academically to watch it to try
to spot the difference in directors
Colin from Canada has been sharing on
Twitter some pictures of henryka Val's
mustache Luis face and who boy does it
look funny so I'm really looking forward
to that but I might try to go see it I
might try to go see it tomorrow just cuz
I want to know what all the fuss is
about definitely you know you don't want
to see it on the opening weekend yeah
it's already it's already not doing
super well at the box office song but I
didn't help contribute anything at Henry
Cavill yep what did I say
did I say Harvey Cobell sorry there's
nowhere to go
academically in Justice League you
shouldn't be in the same sentence
to try to figure out who directed what
segments I'm excited you know you know
now that someone mentioned this this
totally does need a racecourse yeah this
definitely needs a racecourse with like
shortcuts that have more tight spaces to
fit through but it's a shortcut if you
can make it through rank yeah at the
grave yep Thor did has done a better box
office than the entirety of the Justice
League
guardians of the galaxy to did a better
box office than the entirety of the
Justice League all of the greatest DC
superheroes combined couldn't beat Iron
Man 1 yeah a relatively unknown
superhero movie they've ruined the brand
yeah they've completely ruined their
back that's right spider-man his perform
at spider-man
everybody likes spider-man even though
that was almost that was almost a brand
ruined the speedermen brand couldn't
save it well they they Sony saved the
spider-man brand by taking their hands
off of it right
and as soon as they took their hands off
of it and everyone knew that Sony wasn't
making spider-man anymore we all came
back we all came back in droves oh
that's true length like ascent to be ten
years ago the average moviegoer wouldn't
know that much about Thor Iron Man or
starlets and now they are outpacing
arguably some of the most iconic
characters in all of the fiction I don't
know I don't know if the lighting else
give a fuck about Superman I'm not
saying that people give a fuck about him
I'm saying people know who they is which
is a powerful marketing tool Google
world you know Betty Boop is would you
be excited about a Betty Boop movie sure
first of all what do you intellectually
know what Superman is I'm saying it
doesn't mean much to them I guess they
might have had the Justice League
cartoon growing up but of course they
did they know who all those characters
are and I'm sure have some sort of
nostalgia form also to answer your
question if someone made a Betty Boop
movie I would be there right away
because I'd be curious like what are you
making a Betty Boop movie for okay I'm
talking to a man who bought a Barbie
board game
so are you saying you would at least be
curious as to why someone is making a
Betty Boop movie nowadays sure but I
wouldn't be excited see those little
nooks yeah you want you want to go
through them yeah yeah I'm with you I
don't know it's over here but I'm I did
it I did it I shouldn't have nope and I
died you were on pace but then you
second-guessed yourself and then when
you third guessed yourself you died nice
Oh
whoo jennifer Tilly is Betty Boop you'd
almost have to do some sort of 3d
animated Betty Boop right it would have
to be a cartoon because no one's gonna
get those proportions without looking
like a horrible monster
I only know Aquaman from people joking
about how bad an Aquaman movie now yes
that was the running gag for a long time
because it's Aquaman cares about Aquaman
I was really excited when they were
going to do a Popeye in 3d animation
that's true that's that fell through him
let's just a trailer that what's his
name again D in D turn up see he did a
really good like not not trailer but off
like like they give a Deadpool approves
up yeah yeah yeah that looks great
instead ginji's making Hotel
Transylvania tel-aviv I'm doing yeah
that's what's making the money now Adam
Sandler telling bad vampire puns but
that's what makes the money though to be
fair candy did get to do you know a
proper new season of Samurai Jack so
we'll see you he was involved yeah
genndy tartakovsky Thank You Lord beets
I know that's a that's a tough last name
rabid rabid co wolf says those Hotel
Transylvania movies aren't bad they're
not the worst and Karin Langston
speaking as someone who watches a lot of
kids movies because I have children I
have seen the worst there is the worst
stuff out there but yeah they're not the
worst they're bad they're not they're
not glue that's a pretty good is it
snowing
make sure yes that's huge nice list of
the worst kids movies oh there's too
many okay
trying to a norm of the North put Matt
on the list of the worst kids movies do
I have to have seen it or can I just
make some like presumptions you you have
to have seen it okay so I can't throw
out like the nut job or then you know
what the nut job is not the worst yeah
not the absolute worst it's bad but
nothing oh oh damn it that should have
been an opening
the emoji movie yes that's pretty bad
not the even the emoji movie is not the
worst I usually I usually after we watch
those kind of bad movies I refused to
let them into the house and so I forget
about them oh pardon pretty easily even
though my kids remember them I'm like
they they were obsessed with watching
boss baby just because they saw the
posters and I was like no we're not
forgetting boss
but jackets a baby who's boss it's a
baby I know and they were so excited
about that Oh Gnomeo and Juliet mal
Radko yes that is just the worst
Gnomeo and Juliet Karen was so excited
to see that she thinks just like upon a
lot I had to say that rich I'm so sorry
that's just the worst oh no you know for
them for those who are saying monster
trucks that that wasn't the worst that
was cute in fact like if I would have
seen monster trucks when I was a kid I
would have loved that
did you see much no you're an adult rich
you know monster truck is the story of
an era of like a creature who inhabits a
truck and it's like a teenager who's got
a cool monster truck that can climb
walls and shit yeah it's live-action the
kids loved it that's not the Oh Tetris
geek wins yes I'll get to that in a
second Tetris key monster truck is a
neat premise that kids like a monster
some trucks cheesy Callie aye aye I can
yeah in live-action I I can endorse
monster trucks as a movie they did it
right they had some fun with monsters
and trucks the absolute worst
is the Smurfs movie that is the absolute
worst those I have not so there's even
for kids are such as nostalgic for
adults mom I'm sure that's a fair
question
when they made his kid movies so they
made his River The Smurfs I believe the
intention was to be a little bit of both
okay
you know good for the kids but you know
so we don't do like slightly adult humor
with them just because they know the
audience is older wink wink nudge nudge
there's some winks there are some winks
but you know still generally a kid
audience Smurfette you're the only girl
huh opening that's a dead end you game
procedure that's the joy of procedural
generation right
yeah Oh any of them minion movies the
minion movies though is also just the
worst obviously I had strong feelings
about minions in general the first like
the despicable Me movies
it is borderline the worst but any of
the sequels absolutely doors
Steve crew doing much these days simply
give us everywhere then he wasn't
suddenly you know what he was ever so
beast besides doing the voice where he
is he appears in a bunch of like indie
dramas now yeah yeah just legit acting
work what's good for him
we ran across the other day I completely
forgot he did it his Get Smart
oh yeah this is a cute movie I don't
remember much about it I saw it I saw it
I probably saw enough you know I enjoyed
watching reruns of the show when I was
young
oh sure he wants an Oscar yes he does
want an Oscar and he deserves one he's a
fine actor he's a fine dramatic actors
comedians do after a while
then they decide they want an Oscar yeah
and then they try to go back to colonies
and it never quite works out for Robin
Williams yeah what comedies did he do
later he did them most forgettable were
there forgettable oh yeah
besides his early work and then his his
a good acting work sometimes I'm being a
dad World's Greatest Dad that's that's a
drama that's a dark comedy that's a God
can't go for you but directed by Bob
Beckel okay
this is Oh mrs. Doubtfire classic
Williams that later Robin Williams I
don't know I don't know what counts is
earlier late rocky yes he's gone up and
down with drama comedy drama coming like
where does Jumanji fit in all that
because I really fucking love Jumanji
like the world according to GARP I don't
think that was much of a comedy that
wasn't early I want to be a dramatic
actor attempt from him I don't even know
if I remember that ha ha oh that was
awesome right that was awesome that was
technically awesome you got awesome
points for that oh yes I saw that rich
did you see the Deadpool 2 teaser no no
I didn't Deadpool 2 is doing some
decidedly strange marketing so this
besides this teaser which started off as
just dead cyanide to dive and hope so
the the teaser is mostly Brian Reynolds
doing a Bob Ross impersonation and that
in the Deadpool outfit and and we get
little snippets of movie besides that
they they they actually partnered with
Good Housekeeping to make a Deadpool
centric issue and this is a real thing
from actual good housekeeping there is a
Deadpool issue of Good Housekeeping Mike
I can't believe it
which is very strange well yeah so the
teaser looks fine I'm excited I'm
excited to see where they go with it I
know the original who left for the
director everything yeah but there's a
there's a lot of momentum and the
problem is there's now a lot of height
and so I hope it it now it matches up to
our expectations the first movie had the
comfort of no expectations
no no no no nope yep yep yep awesome
nope nope nope yep yep nope nope yep no
clubbers yeppers no purrs so yeah you
know hopefully new Deadpool will meet
the expectations that it now has I can't
believe you survived that I can't I'm
excited to see how they tackle cable and
and I'm hoping I'm just hoping the gang
gets back together I want to see more of
Masonic teenage warhead or whatever her
name was she was great in the in the two
minutes of movie she was in right dumb
dumb but awesome
I wonder if jack is just a child adult's
body I just have a lot of joy in my
heart and if that's something you can't
deal with then that's on you guys
negasonic negasonic i believe we made
war him I'm just excited about things in
general and so I'm not gonna apologize
for that
Booth's any map yeah sorry again save
this I also assumed that
so we made this what who made this
oh let me look it up yeah oh yeah mommy
look up sure I'll look it up is it the
cluster truck people Oh No maybe how's
it go super light super flight dot corn
let's go do the super flight press kit
why is it asking for my email password
you're gonna email me a press kit I
don't want you to email me a press kit I
just want to know who made you yeah I
don't want that
usually they have a little like about me
section on their website this is grizzly
games very passionate but small team of
three students okay they did good work
and I hope that three dollar game makes
him a lot of money because it's
certainly worth three bucks right if I
stop playing this now and never touch it
again it would have been worth three
bucks yes yeah
grizzly games I would have I'd like to
know a little bit more but apparently in
order to get that press kit I needed to
enter my email password right and I was
uncomfortable with that your email
password yeah yeah so I don't know if it
was like a Google Drive thing where they
were gonna share a document with you bud
surprised I've played this long this is
actually fun it looked fit it looked
very interesting and I like I said I'd
like to be the $20.00 he said 20 I
thought this is three I played I played
it for 20 minutes okay and enjoyed it it
is three dollars okay okay that was just
my brain I'm mixing up some wires there
give us your password and little tested
haha the press kit link is to Google
Drive Google is asking you to sign it
yeah I still don't like it it's one two
three rich don't tell them it's eight
characters long is all I'll tell you and
not to spoil it
Thank You cinnamon now everyone knows my
password just finished watching hunt for
the wilderbeest ill have to see that
that take is a talented director take
the what deep deep
something interesting man for me
something interesting highlander aki
will check i will check my email when i
get home and i will add your updated
emotes when i get home it's a there is
actually a little bit of a process and
it takes some time to to go through the
approval process anyway so they we
probably probably wouldn't have them by
tonight anyway but I will I will check
when I get home thank you for fixing
them that will save me a little bit of
time and I just I just like the amounts
what I'm probably gonna do a Highlander
HK did give us an updated fuck bottom
home yeah which does look very nice but
we already have a fuck bottom own so
what I'm thinking is we have we have
some emote slots because you know now
people who subscribe to us both for the
favorite fuck body more well there there
are now subscription tiers you know you
can subscribe it a normal fear I've got
$10 here or the $25 here right yeah and
for people at the higher tiers you get a
special amount and so I'm thinking that
maybe we use the fancy puck bot for the
fancy people so everyone can still have
a fuck Bob but anyone who you know who
goes up a tier and subscription gets the
fancy box that's what that was my
thought emily's will see this game in VR
is like the ultimate diet super fight in
VR I lost so much weight also all my
teeth fell out
oh I got fortunate I'm just gonna make a
game they're just just spinning the game
is just spinning I'm making for VR and
it'll just be a diet loss program I'll
fucking make million
I can't officially call it a diet loss
programs I probably get in trouble for
inducing bulimia so the tilt awhirl game
the game will be called play this after
you eat I love it
shan't bleona we actually already talked
about Battlefront two we did that while
they're complaining they're comparing
now our subscribers to microtransaction
no that's not at all I can make the
transaction for one other than the
emotes you're getting the exact same
service
subscribe there there there is no
pay2win while watching previously
recorded
false equivalency my good sir or madam
someone thought they were being a clever
one so well what a matter bits are the
microtransaction component of twitch no
really ish but they weren't our idea
that's right captain nitpick there is no
wind when watching prereq we're all
losers boom zing I got so distracted by
how right the how good that was and I
lost control there's a fine zing subs
don't getting subs don't get knows
something's gonna they get a pizza roll
next to their name they get a they get a
thank you at the end of the stream and
they get our appreciation because they
hit they just helped keep us going
that's what the subs did
every other streamer has bit cups to
encourage the flashy things oh I've seen
that and yeah we could enable stuff like
that we're like we can have a little
thing that says like you are top a bit
contributor to make it like a
competition right Jen I think that's
obnoxious I'll be honest with you like
whatever works for you as a streamer is
what works for you as a streamer I don't
like that I think that's obnoxious we
didn't really have a choice in enabling
bits it what bits were thrust upon us
and if that's how you feel like
contributing or you were fine with bits
but you know even but we're also just
happy with the time we're just happy
that you spending time in this trap
totally gonna buy this game looks really
great for three dollars then I'm telling
you there's something to this three
dollars just steal there is something to
this game whoa whoa what is going on
here what'd you do what'd you do I'm up
was down and down was up and the world
didn't make sense I'm so I'm very very
sorry
it was just like insert controversial
thing here what how could you say that
I'm offended let's see here Becky got
played says a finally tried avatar the
last airbender and was pleasantly
surprised unlike real anime it makes
sense as logical story progression good
pacing character development and world
building a plus okay I know that's a
popular show not seen it that was a
popular I was a long-running Nickelodeon
cartoon The Last Airbender
I do that's one of those things I want
to hate watch because apparently the M
night Shyamalan live-action adaptation
is just terrible supposedly and I
haven't seen that either right they
thought it's on my list of things like
yeah one day one day I want almost one
day I want to give that a try
there is no movie oh sorry sorry for
anyway anyone who's a fan of that show
since there is no movie Ben Vereen no I
don't know anything about when shirts
are back in stock contacts at red letter
media I know nothing about the shirts
though I might want to steal one cuz I
don't I actually don't have an RL MT I
don't either
and it's like I take one right I mean I
might get an angry email later but I'll
be found
anonymous is back how's the diet going
I've made it from 222 pounds down to 193
nice job anonymous thanks to your
leading example first of all
congratulations nice I've hit a small
stagnation right around the 190 mark
which I'm pretty comfortable at I'd love
to get down to 180 or at least in the
180s but also we're getting to we're
getting towards the end of the year
which as a free lance as a freelance
video producer this is the time of year
that is actually the toughest especially
late October and all of November because
this is the time when every company
needs to spend whatever money they have
left in their advertising budget because
if they don't spend it they don't get as
big a budget next year and so this is
where a lot of my work from the year
comes from and I've been so busy I've
still been on diet just not a hundred
percent and so I've stagnated around the
191 but
well and you know like now holiday
season is coming up I'm gonna do my best
that's all I'm gonna say I'm gonna do my
best and just keep trying it's it's a
journey dieting is a journey that it
never ends it never stops till you die
it's your favorite game controller of
all time
currently I love my my xbox elite
controller I think that's one of the
most comfortable controllers I've ever
reused the elite is just well-built
I appreciate the construction that feels
solid yes and that like that rubber on
the outside it feels like it feels like
it I never wanted to leave my hands
that's not my favorite controller the
layout I'm not particularly married to
but it's fine
my favorite controller of all time is
the GameCube controller
hands down no you know what I loved
about the GameCube controller some
things the shoulder things no well the
shoulder things were great but the
tactile experience of knowing where the
X&Y; were you know you had that big a
button right and then those tiny ones
above that because you knew just by
feeling what button you were pressing
it's not like the Xbox controller where
it says like press the Y button which
one's the Y again is that is that the
one on top cuz that's one on left you
know I loved the tactile experience of
the GameCube controller
hands down have that awkward as Z button
it had the awkward Z button it also had
the awkward C stick that you had to use
for your camera
yeah it had some definite faults but
that the button the ABXY buttons layout
means it wins hands down and I love to
be the the half press shoulder into the
pole press shoulder a lot of a lot of
modern controllers still don't take
advantage of the half press like they
did I loved that half press
a lot of games didn't take advantage of
it so that's another fault right Oh Bob
that isn't that is my favorite the
GameCube hands-down favorite though
special ups to the Xbox elite controller
which just feels amazing now what's the
rules of the game don't run into a wall
get more points flying close to things
or through holes yes but the only real
rule not to dies don't let any part of
your body touch anything well for a high
score and but it's all arbitrary go for
a high score or just fly around do
whatever you want like I just did I just
went into a thing I meant to do that
I got more points but ask someone to fly
through there because it was awesome
right
right are there different levels races
to this there are different levels we've
been we've actually been to a ton of
maps there there procedurally not rated
so that they can't have a similar feel
but they are different there are no
races I think that would be a race would
be a great addition yeah okay get
yourself a little like timer leaderboard
well if you nice if it had some of these
things in the games defense it's
available for three dollars so boom
agreed agreed
let's see here taint misbehavin says hey
guys thanks for all the streams and I
hope you guys have a great Thanksgiving
quick question if you could master any
musical instrument which one would you
choose so first of all happy thanks to
happy Thanksgiving
looks like the guitar right I think
chicks enjoy any musical instruments are
they I think anyone not just chicks
they're you know they're attracted to
rich talent well also I think having
mastered an instrument means that you
have at least some sort of dedication to
you and so like there's also that we're
like oh this is a person who can stick
with something I like that if I could
choose one instrument to master it would
be the piano yeah yes only because that
would also lead into like synthesizers
which can make any instrument and with
modern computer moderate computers means
I could play anything if I knew how to
play the piano that's how I wouldn't
analyze this shit bro I'm proud of you
jack oh damn it thought outside the box
and it felt good didn't it
now we're to God that would be me though
and being someone who has played a few
instruments and played in bands I can
tell you the most fun I ever had was
when I was a drummer for several years I
played the drums in pumpkin rock bands
yeah and I wasn't terribly good at it
but there were a few things more
satisfying than just beating the shit
out of my drums every night so while
mastering the piano oh come on that's
look at that that's horseshit procedural
generation my friend yeah yeah a Sunday
yes I did become a drummer by line to
people that is correct for for those who
people who don't know the story when
that when I was in high school I met up
with a few people who were who were
musicians and they wanted to start a
band but they needed a drummer and over
at friends house it's like I had played
the drums every so often and I knew I
could hold the beat and so I I kind of
lied and I said hey I'm a drummer
there you go really I said oh yeah I'm
totally a drummer I'll drum with you
guys in your band and and I said but
unfortunately I can't I can't you know
pry it my just broke my drums and they
go really I'm sorry I can't practice
anytime soon it's gonna take me a while
to get a new set but hey after that if
you guys want to get together and jam
I'll be in your band they said sure so I
then scraped together all the money I
could for the next month and bought the
cheapest set of drums I could and and
that's how I joined my first band
Oh new role no more caves I can't see
the exit - and Gino's swabiz points I
have played so hard I broke my drums
anyone who's ever played the drums knows
that that's not how drums work like you
might break the head of your drum but
then you just replace it you don't need
an entirely new kit so to be fair they
were also bad enough that they didn't
know I was lying and so it worked out so
exactly more more better I'm totally a
drummer I just don't have drums or
drumsticks or play the drums
no and I sorry taught myself how to play
the drums and I was in several punk and
rock band mostly punk bands cuz that's
the easiest thing to play from parties
and it was great fun and I did become
better through the years you know I
taught myself how to play with drums and
just practice practice what I like this
it was blue and yellow it's a pretty
world and then eventually I switched
over and played the bass guitar and
keyboards a little bit of keyboards was
not terribly good at any of them but I
had a lot of fun so piano and then drums
vehicles
oh shit as a drummer myself to Jack's
casual description this rich heavy
adventure make you say that
I think you Steve started a sentence and
then uttered out well probably because I
was doing some awesome stuff in this
game but I'm not doing now
Highlander HK nowhere I think actually
as soon as I have the proper biscuit
emotes that's all of our slots at the
moment and I actually had to get rid of
one I got rid of doom it up people
weren't using it very often I thought
they would appreciate the casual horse
more I can always bring it back we can
always bring back yeah yeah but
currently as soon as we get the biscuit
head we will be all full on Elance so
thank you thank you go Highlanders game
love them all and of course now that I
said I've gotten rid of doom it up
everyone's gonna say it was my favorite
of mode I used it all the time no one
ever uses the Timah mode except for me
when I watch other people's stream
that's the only mode I ever use is the
tin face and oh now I'm staying forever
that one's mine that one's just for me
they don't really know who that is
Oh also speaking of Thanksgiving both
rich and I will will be out of town yeah
for for Thanksgiving and so there will
be no screen on Wednesday just as a
heads-up hole ice this is a badass level
no how do I sink this ma'am
save current map yes
so yeah very sorry so there will be no
stream on Wednesday and no stream I mean
this upcoming week at all as both rich
and I will be out of town and but we'll
be back next Sunday I certainly will be
back yeah we'll be back next Sunday with
with stories to tell
any thoughts on the

[Part II]
any thoughts on the Punisher yet I
watched the first two episodes of
Punisher is it good so far yeah I'm
really I'm really digging it they are
they are being they're being very slow
and deliberate and I like it it's a
really good pace so far I'm you know
Punisher is to me at least is a very
OneNote character you know and and they
are doing a really good job of building
up his character and the the plot of the
season of course I'm only two episodes
in so there's a lot of places that can
go but see the nice thing about the
Punishers you don't need to build up
this character he's he's a machine
well he isn't one he is a one-note
machine unity fine you need you need to
build up you need to build up why other
people are bad enough to deserve murder
yeah yes that's you focus on you need to
justify him murdering people you you
don't want I don't want the Punisher
Frank Castle being sad I don't want that
is he's dead inside and there's there's
nothing but that cold rage that's the
Punisher to me but in the punter set
where we've seen in the Punisher in
daredevil season two we didn't get we
didn't get the reason for the cold range
and so at least in the first couple of
episodes we're getting a lot of why
there is that cold rage and it's it's
working so far for me I'm excited to
watch more
but I'm only I'm only two episodes in
but so far I'm excited to watch more
Rich's Punisher is Ray Stevenson in war
zone and it was perfect
I've heard nothing but good things about
Punisher war zone and I haven't seen it
I feel I mean Punisher isn't probably
he's probably not in my top ten four
favorite characters I don't care about
the Punisher that much but I hear war
zone is just a good action plan so I
like a good action
I like the Punisher yeah yeah
up until the Marvel movies I did not
care that much about Thor or Iron Man or
Captain America really my favorite
Marvel characters wouldn't you get your
spider-man your Fantastic Four's I know
you disagree with that no boys Punishers
right up in there really like cap was
always one of my favorites but I'm also
like I'm uh what would it what are the
kids call it I'm also pretty basic so I
just I like the standard like do-gooder
hero I like I like Cyclops all right I'm
putting it out there which doesn't care
about X yeah I like Cyclops as a
character I like the the the by-the-book
hero
whoa shit Cyclops can have a character
they they actually did a really good job
of Cyclops in the ultimate x-men books
you know here and there in the other
x-men books but I think they really
keyed in on what makes him tick in the
ultimate x-men books and in fact there
was one particular storyline that was
very Cyclops focus then that really is a
load of 5 my loved one then he just flat
out a villain no Cyclops oh I don't know
who knows where there now I haven't
picked up an x-men book in heaven
forever
oh well see and it all depends on what
continuity one of the continuities he's
actually he's old Cyclops trapped in a
version of himself as a teenager even
though he has the mind of old Cyclops
what yeah this happened recently so he
has all of his memories from him being
an old man but he got trapped in a
version of himself as a teenager that
sounds pretty awesome by the way yeah
there's no downside to this yeah there's
no downside to this there are all your
worldly experiences but you're not
closer to death yes every everything
you've done that you regret I'm done you
know how to play the stock market like a
fucking pro no no it's it's it's a I
don't think there's any time travel
involved
oh no I don't know but still having all
of your life experiences but a good body
to go with it I'll take it
no teen cyclops was transported from the
past to the present
adult Cyclops is dead Jesus well there
we go
they did the exact same thing with Tony
Stark
like 15 years ago oh yeah it's him they
turned Iron Man evil okay
and so his younger self came and now
he's the younger self as Iron Man but
he's younger in an experience because
they because they had they needed to
reset come on comic book writers twenty
years ago now maybe it was I was a while
back it was 90s I think time I'm sorry
that I'm wrong apparently time-travel
was it doesn't really matter because
it's all fucked up now everything's
fucked up now the retcons are eating
themselves exactly that's exactly what's
happening
let's see here among cats cat monkeys
cat says hate Jack and Rich just
watching the Justice League half in the
bag and have a questions yeah why do
Americans clap in movies it's not every
movie it's just the dumb ones in comic
book movies why do Americans clap but
ever everything as an Australian that
sounds really annoying did people clap
at the end of the movie drink during the
dumbest things to think well when did
you see it opening night okay all right
that makes sense that makes more sense
that's when you have all of the the
hardcore fans okay like I think I think
if you were to see that like this week
after opening weekend you probably
wouldn't get that strong of a reaction
I'll be honest I think I have collapsed
at the end of a movie before I can't
remember what movie it was but I'm gonna
say I've done it possibly forever
I may have I may have clapped at the end
of fury road we well part a part of the
joy that can be the movie-going
experience is reacting to the movie and
that includes clapping that includes
laughing that includes gasping at the
shocking plot twist so I I'm not
necessarily gonna hate on anyone
clapping at a movie but you know Justice
League doesn't sound to me as if
deserves a clap for hey
I clapped and cheered at grindhouse but
that was part of the experience well you
know there's nothing wrong with with
expressing yourself during a movie as
long as it's appropriate I think it's
yeah it's different if you're going to a
showing of like the room or the Rocky
Horror Picture Show Wow yeah that's a
whole different thing
Brown aunt of Sam's no I have not seen
it I'm probably gonna go see it tomorrow
I have I wouldn't even bother I have a
move I wouldn't even bother I got the
morning free hold on for a moment
that's why rounders with it
what what do you want me to say what do
you all want me to say I talk and play
this I'm just gonna crash every four
seconds I'm not really good at talking
and playing games I don't know if you've
noticed that about me it's my solo
stranger I'm just quite frankly terrible
absolutely terrible
the great home happy
well this one got saved let's meet
pillars fly through right I'm gonna dive
straight down the only option only
option then pull no didn't work say my
talk while I play the game and just say
what I'm doing in the game
oh I love this map at save the movie
maybe we should find a new location
I gotta stop looking chap I go to a new
area
evil rocks
you miss Jenny yeah jack adds a lot to
this experience I'm sorry
felt like high scores who easily be
achieved if only by pursuing portals
probably but it kind of doesn't defeat
the purpose and you're not just having
fun and I I could just go for for those
missing all these great arias
yeah
maybe a portal is only unlocked after so
many points
say no or nor nearest fun I got to tell
you
and I can't find Apple it's risky
too risky that's right down
this is enough avatar shit right here
everything cool
I left you alone I know you did I left
you know you did I'm sorry I'm sorry
that was my mother
oh yeah yeah she does not call me very
often and she just called me to gossip
but you know you go away my exist
there's two people you should not you
know the hang up with you know your
significant other and/or your mother
like those if it was my dad like yeah
fuck off I'm working chef talked me into
just portals only not not not daredevil
stunts goes to the next for know why in
high school did you get a thousand
points before no but what fun is that
I said that's that was exactly what I
said it wasn't the whole chat it was one
guy make it a sure oh my god see what
happens Foley acts exactly like I didn't
want to say to my mom go away mom I'm
playing video games you know even though
like she's starting to she's starting to
understand what it is we do which scares
me even more
really yeah she she had a like a friend
who's whose kid is really into watching
streams
I just lost my way to portal and so and
so like her friend was like oh you know
my kid is watching all these things that
you oh my boy does that oh that's a
thing that's a whole thing that's become
it's becoming a known quantity now rich
it's less weird to talk about
I'm passing up all this shit chat oh
don't do it no look at that you know I
know I can't I can't anymore it's gone
it's gone check oh it's a cool looking
world well I'm totally picking this up
for three bucks yeah I recommend it
three goddamn dollars alright let's see
here where were we and why do we clap at
everything of course you know a lot of
times like I I'll go to the the art
house movie theaters by myself often
yeah which is a very different
experience than going to the megaplex
and usually after you watch the
arty-farty movie and the art house
theater people clap right but that's a
very different experience it's after the
movie not throughout and during free
right exactly
someone clapping like like was it at a
caracal action a thing
it was flash said of someone someone
didn't think the thing whoa hang out in
this world look at that that's so cool
looking
jackets okay what safe boom
look at that oh I love that color scheme
you can go home tonight and you can fly
through this ship all you want Jack will
you miss the avatar one who's everything
was like a little floating island Oh
flash did the thing buy our toys now
flat a flash made of referent like flash
saved someone and he goes iris is that
you I know who irises I guess cyborg
saying Booya is a thing I don't did he
wait did he say he said Booya I think
okay that's important that's a Teen
Titans go reference rich the popular
children's program on Cartoon Network
he says booyah I'm gonna don't man did
he did he then asked did he then ask the
dark and grim Batman if he wanted a
meatball party meatball party
meatball party I have children and so I
can tell you all about Teen Titans and
Teen Titans go as they fucking love that
stuff about the Teen Titans let alone
the Teen Titans go I I'm pretty
well-versed as it's um very often in my
house
they love it damn you Jack that was from
the real series first it doesn't matter
it's all the same shit I like both by
the way I think that might be
controversial I like both versions of
Teen Titans and Teen Titans go I think
they're fun for different reasons shed
you might not like the team Titans go
but if the kids do nope it's all Cartoon
Network cares about yep
selling the toys or happy meals or
whatever the fuck it is they do they air
and like Teen Titans go is the Spongebob
of Cartoon Network it is just constantly
on so I have heard it is constant and
I'm ok with it like it's because I think
it's a fun show they have a lot of fun
could you imagine that rich it's a
superhero show and they have lots of fun
they tell jokes it's crazy
core I love that corn emote with the
little smoochy lines actor I love it I
love seeing the corny load where little
ones suck don't do it then you have fun
man we're at 25000 well 24 753 okay
great
I'll let's see what we got here huh fart
it says good evening outside of planes
trains and automobiles what do you think
is the best Thanksgiving themed movie I
couldn't think of any why do you think
that is family dinner drama is still
drama because it's too close to
Christmas and everyone wants to make a
Christmas movie just after Halloween
we've just had the Halloween movies how
wins fun one to make movies for mm-hmm
oh and then it's song it's so close to
Christmas yep Thanksgiving is is
literally just a waiting period got to
wait till this one stupid thing is over
before we can get to Christmas time also
they were unpopular perform they're
impossible know what foreign markets
give a shit about Thanksgiving oh there
you go
rich that was I don't want to say
shockingly astute but that was
incredibly astute the the majority of
movie profits now come from foreign
markets as it surpasses another majority
I know like there's almost equal for a
while I I would assume it's the futur
yeah but yeah like you know who doesn't
care about Thanksgiving China they don't
give no fuck you care doesn't care about
our Thanksgiving yeah yeah yeah colour
schemes do you think anyone gives a fuck
about when those traders met
Indians and had dinner
Americans have according to Gino suave
even people in this country you think
the Native Americans want to be reminded
of that shit and honestly like the rest
of us are starting to not care like all
Thanksgiving is now is I have to leave
to go shopping in order to get the sales
oh you'll see Black Friday comedies
before you see Thanksgiving movies
counted people right there that was a
truth bomb you know truth bomb from rich
Evans Black Friday comedies that's a
really good idea actually
you could sell that got it was happen
been shopping shopping comedies that
kind would jingle all the way was I mean
you know Christmas Christmassy for this
college game it's too pink death pep
doll that's this pepto-bismol my friend
it's interesting it's just too much yeah
it's a lot of a lot of pink through the
fog is pink everything's pink close to
30,000 is that what you're going for I
don't know what's what's your goal by
going through the the portal only is I
guess what I'm what I'm asking here
whoa that was a close one right yeah I
think we've done the portal thing yeah
down there Deb thirty thousand no it is
the high score respectable you you you
have a rank of 6502 now so you're doing
great you're doing great
completely defeated the purpose of
having fun playing around yeah someone
does someone doesn't understand that but
you can make your number higher I was
doing sweet tricks and shit yeah right
it's like watching a dark souls
'speedrun where you have this incredibly
fun game yeah and they do a speedrun of
it and they go out of bounds and they
avoid 90% of the game sure sure yeah you
did first you got that record and that's
your thing to get it but yep I'm with
you I'm with you there were you know or
like like ocarina of time speedruns
where they just spend the whole the
whole thing like crouched up against the
wall backflipping and you're like what
are you doing man like I get it that's
easy that's your thing with the game but
yeah not what everyone's in it for yeah
yeah that's that's a chickadee monster
so speedruns aren't necessarily about
having fun I know that's probably runs
and that's a that's a fair point a
chickadee monster alright let's see what
we got here the blue prism says hey guys
dare I ask if there are any switch games
you are looking forward to probably not
right what's coming out on it I don't
know the ones I was looking forward to
when they announced that have already
come out we have got my Mario I got the
Zelda yeah I don't even know what's
coming out like I I was thinking a part
of me was think what he did I'm looking
for somewhere fun to go and this map is
not this could just be shit map like
even though I already own rocket League
twice there there could be a case for
rocket League on the switch as far as
I'm concerned
I was gonna go up and over but I didn't
have the Momentum's like I handed time
portals mix would wouldn't dare devil
knows yeah this is like a lot of shit in
here whoa whoa whoa I'm glitched oh no
you got out of the way you got all the
goods too late too late
crews are tropes is still never seen you
play rocket League really we used to do
that all the time but you know like
thinking about something like rocket
League like I have this nice I have this
trip coming up and we'll be staying at a
place with decent Wi-Fi and having the
ability to play rocket League while just
you know hanging out for an hour would
be really nice usually usually I wake up
a little bit earlier than than the
people around me so you know while on
vacation playing rocket League on the
old switch that could be that could be
fun you get a a they got a Mario car
that's that's unique they got a Metroid
car and also uh I would be better than
everyone else on the switch playing
rocket League well it was probably a lot
of people who might also buy it for sure
oh that was just you that was just you
fucking up nobody's blaming the entire
chat for one offhand comment about
maximizing high scores say somebody said
that I thought no let's try it
yep wasn't blaming anybody relax no no
you know they had an idea we gave it a
try and then we had
kristan conversation about you know fun
versus min/max yeah yeah
that led to some decent conversation
they're just acting on speedruns they're
not all like dark souls 'speedrun it's
like my mind was blown when I saw
somebody speedrunning the crypt of the
necrodancer oh yeah and you just
couldn't do it anymore the most
difficult character in that game yeah
what's it called that the code is coda
the one where it has like all of the
disadvantages from all of the other
characters you die in one hit
you can't touch a gold or you die if you
move off of the beat you dies you have
to move on the beat you can only use the
dagger yeah and they beat the game in
like 10 minutes
that's insane Wow yeah Wow that's insane
impreza impressive and took skill and
then you watch something like that you
go what's even the point of view kind of
like you know I can never I can never
even come close to that
Oh bulb like that you know like this is
a game that I would want on the switch
by the way just thinking of switch games
give me this give me this on the switch
give me something that I can just turn
on for five minutes
glide around Zen out and turn off I
would love that I would love oh you
could even do motion controls yeah that
would suck
well we got a pitch into Nintendo
Nintendo would love that oh yeah
Nintendo would buy it in a second right
I wouldn't play with motion controls
that's how you pitch it's an incentive
but oh isn't my Nintendo executive
Scottish oh it's me oh I see hey it's me
Yoshi I Miyoko know why you're pitching
this a Nintendo
oh you're getting me killed today twists
I've got to switch out to me kilt if you
know what I'm saying
but yeah this is like this is something
that I'd really I'd really be interested
in as far as oh I almost threaded the
needle Jack yep almost threaded the
needle I honestly don't know what's
coming out for the switch is is my
problem as far as what games I'm excited
for Smash Brothers a new mario cards is
there no no I don't think there's either
of those give it a year or two give it
Mario that's the bad name Avery got me
Metroid Metroid you maybe got me you
know what's coming out on it already is
that's the this the nice thing about
owning a Nintendo console you know you
know what you're gonna get eventually
eventually yeah
no they're not gonna make an animal
crossing for the switch because they are
making an animal crossing mobilegame
be hurt by that she'll get the mobile
one that yeah yeah I know she's a big
Animal Crossing fan but now she can play
it on her phone
just watch the planet she's got like
four million animal crossing dollars we
got this game on Steam it might be
available on GOG I got it on Steam
because that's where I found it Oh God
check yo G you can go where was that
just on the website you can go to super
flight game.com and that's that's the
website let me see here actually it
might only be on Steam it might only be
on Steam
I don't see a link to
it would be more satisfying with ragdoll
physics I'm gonna agree with you hundred
percent Ryan from Michigan you crash
into something and your character does
wicked flips I can't believe you get
damaged nice I saw that I saw you
wanting to go for that other loop yeah I
want I wanna I want a blood stain and I
want a corpse bouncing off and stuff you
guys ever satisfying though I'll tell
you what all the others no no we're just
coming to this way okay there you go
and that is a new Dover hero's not not a
corner of the old ones not a remaster
wouldn't be against that either though
I'll take a remastered I know my heroes
No uh nope
let's see here
Brown Adam Sandler says according to
Schneider
he killed Superman because he wanted
that man to form the Justice League I
know what so what Adam hold on okay
another option was Superman fighting
doomsday out in space lol because rich
Capote smoked about it in the review oh
okay so this is this is from your review
did you ask why Superman was killed
oh I just thought it was a waste yeah
they didn't do anything with him being
dead that was interesting
okay yeah I mean not not only a waste as
far as from a storytelling perspective
but now any future retelling of Superman
dying one of the most iconic comic book
stories ever is going to be tarnished
because like yeah we already did it
fucked it up once yeah you get you know
a guilty Bruce Wayne paying for the
funerals so many things you don't have
to be the center doesn't have to be a
just a story only about the film but
there's so many interesting things you
can do with the concept Lex Lex Luthor
trying to get possession of the body so
he can do lord knows what her sure stuff
he could do the Maya I guess POG Kent is
dead in the movie Bob Kent morning but
she can't openly mourn because Clark
isn't officially dead yet sure but she
knows that Superman's dead she knows
that her son's dead just trying to keep
it together that would be great
yeah and but then you would need someone
who actually like cared about characters
enough to want to like kind of delve
into what's happening in their lives so
ooh desert world
how many times did Superman be right
well that's well just once so you've
shut off that door now that doors closed
like not only that but you've also shut
off doors too oh shit
what was the Batman comic where he
fought Superman in the power armor
darkman there guy like like in one foul
swoop of Batman vs Superman dawn of
Justice you have closed the doors to
actually interesting ideas I'm not
saying that the Dark Knight was the best
batman book ever but at least it was
trying to say something about the nature
of a violent hero and then Snyder act
decided not to say anything which was an
interesting tape Snyder decided to
borrow all of the iconic imagery and
then not say anything about it which you
know bold choice bold choice from a
director but huge missed opportunities
what I'm saying is it's too huge missed
opportunities rolled into Batman V
Superman dawn of Justice yeah yeah
so what what can we hope for now is is
is literally a reboot is WB saying we're
not doing the Cinematic Universe anymore
we're starting over and everyone gone
alright and everyone will be nice rich
I'm saving Oscar man do it
man I love when I buy this I'm not gonna
have access Highlander aka says isn't
that what they do in Marvel as well
though borrow interesting ideas from
various comic runs and make small seeds
out of them yes but they do them well
you see see Marvel Marvel takes
something like like planet home and says
well you know what this is a really
weird thing to make a movie out of it's
also really big movie I don't know if we
can ever do this but the idea of Hulk
being on a on a arena battle planet
that's really neat let's take that let's
take that and add it to our films yeah
alright fun right
Valkyrie this is doing it I thought I
thought you were gonna choke so hard
they're like Valkyrie this character you
know from this specific run of Thor
comics it is kind of interesting let's
pluck her out and pop her and they're
cool easy peasy
everyone likes Loki not necessarily
because they like Loki but they really
like Tom Middleton middle it'll sting
they really like that actor so you know
what we're gonna bring him back because
everyone likes them
oh no it's it's the same thing with it's
the same thing with spider-man
homecoming
like like spider-man homecoming borrowed
a whole lot from the ultimate spider-man
books from Miles Morales spider-man from
original spider-man is like they just
took the bits that worked and they did
them well like yeah you know what what
was really fun about the Miles Morales
books it's got this friend that's his
own AJ to talk to you that's really
great that'll help with our storytelling
so you know we'll give them Gong ki I
really like I really like Peter Parker
as a high school as a as someone who is
struggling ultimate boom making it
happen how does the score in the game
work Yolo contender eight the closer you
are to the walls as you see the score
ticks up and be more like I'm sure it
has some sort of what I'm gonna call a
badass algorithm a bad algorithm
no that's not gonna it hasn't seen a
what it's fine it has a badass algorithm
so the cooler things you do the more
points you get you go ah nice rich you
go through the thing at high speeds you
get more points you get closer to a wall
you get more points
oh no it's briefly awesome
so actually so in summation for DC there
is nothing wrong with borrowing little
bits from the comic books but you should
do them well and I would argue that
Superman dying is not a little bit from
a comic book
that's like a whole character thing
that's three years worth of story arcs
in the comic books not necessarily like
that's not just like you know the Batman
power armor sure I'll give you like that
way that's iconic imagery but the whole
reason for the power armor is is tied in
with the character it's just not it's
just nothing that's the moral of the
story is there's just a whole mountain
the whole bunch not done well hmm oh
yeah oh right you don't just trivialize
the death of a main character right
right they just did what they did
you're not supposed to tip that's a
that's a quick tip for any aspiring
writer out there try not to trivialize
the death of the main character
and again for the same area do it Ryan
from Michigan says can they recover and
make good movies now no I'm gonna
disagree and say of course they can make
it no wonder woman is a good news will
will they be tied in with the rest of
the universe is another question they
theoretically can make good movies will
they make good movies is a whole
different question hey Wonder Woman is
fine movie fine finding blah blah
in fact Wonder Woman was such a good
movie that's what gave Warner Brothers
the the ego with its box office
expectations
yeah Wonder Woman did pretty good this
is gonna be
it's got Wonder Woman and other people
in it isn't gonna do gangbusters
yeah I haven't seen like I'm talking
mostly about like Batman V Superman dawn
of Justice I have not seen justice
league yet we will talk about that next
Sunday
assuming either of us can remember
anything about the movie
according to rich Hyannis I don't think
I have that much more to say about it on
all honesty we have more to say about
Batman V Superman than let's see what we
got here atomic mousetrap says I've been
searching for the stupidest Star Wars
merchandise
I found a Darth Vader kettlebell as in a
70 pound exercise weight shaped like the
head of Darth Vader is that does that
top a Darth Vader humidifier though that
actually by the way the last part of
that tip was do you think that beats the
humidifier and that sure does it might
be tied no just like steam shoots out of
the humidifier so I think we came out of
fires got it beep elevator head would
steam coming out of it at least if
you're using the kettlebell you can beat
up anyone who makes fun of you
so we got here a true-blue reviews has
speaking of Jumanji what are your
thoughts on the upcoming sequel to
Jumanji I have no thoughts on the
upcoming sequel did you imagine it looks
like it would be a fine jungle action
comedy of some hack at Sony didn't slap
a nostalgia bait title on it probably
get more seats in the favor of and if it
didn't have that right if you remember
they made it like an unofficial sequel
to Jumanji called Zathura do you
remember that yeah the the space game
and it did not do very well and so if
you just made another unofficial sequel
yes it's not gonna do this alone I think
you are under estimating the rocks
charisma
The Rock has done very well at the box
office he has carried movies who was in
get smart with Steve Carell I brought up
earlier Oh was he
oh I don't remember that he's that I'm
gonna spoil I get spotted you're gonna
spoil the from nine years ago film
adaptation ulm annotation of the 1960s
comedy sitcom The Rock it turns out he's
the villain what I don't I don't
remember that the rock is a decent
box-office draw and he has a lot of
charisma it looked
Jumanji looks fairly stupid
but we'll see oh and yes by the way I
did see the rampage trailer and I am
down like a clown for rampage you see
rampage trailer it's the rock and it's
giant creatures destroying a city what
else do you need in life the greatest
show on earth trailer I also saw the
greatest show or whatever they're
calling it the PT Barnum movie oh I
didn't see that was that that's changing
what they sneak that line in into the
Pete the movie about PT Barnum what what
is how is the world changing I don't
know but it might be the bearded lady
that says the one I'm trying to remember
no no
when does the world change up wolf
that's what you got to watch the PT
Barnum would be to see how the world
changes apparently
aye aye rampage was a was an arcade
favorite of mine back in the day who the
fuck is PT Barnum rich the kid listen
I'm old like you and I barely know who
well I mean I know who PT Barnum is
because of my clowning background you
know he's the original con man
I was just showman I think I think he
prefers showman rich his famously had a
Museum of oddities of curiosities you
know half of it was just nonsense
mmm-hmm like the I think he had the Fiji
mermaid which was literally it was a
mummified mummy that they sewed onto a
mummified fish and they called it a
mermaid sure sure a charlatan but in his
museum there were signs as a finger
pointing science said this way to the
egress people they pay they go into the
museum and see the sign this way to the
egress night Oh what's a negress I want
to see this egress and they follow the
signs of the egress and they go out the
door to the egress this is the egress
they go through the egress door of
course and they find themselves outside
in the alley because egress means exit
this they didn't know that so then they
have to pay to get back in PT Barnum was
amazing yep that's the actual story
behind the this way to the egress sign
mm-hmm of course I know about how to do
teatime as well
everybody knows about how to do time
every old man knows about how to be in
town at least
oh yeah PT Barnum was a showman try a
traveling circus traveling circus yeah
he had a Tom Thumb we chose freak shows
yeah oddities amazements things your
eyes won't believe things your mind
won't comprehend he's the one I don't
know if he said it over just attributed
to him but he's associated with the
quote there's a sucker born every minute
oh nice that was awesome
no not gonna know momentum is in there
nobody outside the USA knows who PT
Barnum is well then you'll enjoy the
movie about his life he's an interesting
person yeah yeah I could I could see
who's in that movie I think that's a
huge Eggman I think oh yeah yeah alright
I'll buy that I like you I'm a fan of
you nope I'm a fan of Hugh that's a nice
that's a nice big name to get in your
Petey bottom movie
well that was that's great rich no just
a nice that we'll call that the old
swooping splat this game is a genuine
but clincher yeah sometimes this is a
lean e again where you feel like if you
lean then you can turn a little a little
more
so what are we what are we doing this a
couple hours what I like this but what
are we I might be getting to the end of
this okay candy for crows says hi gents
I'm a little late with the tip but I was
thinking a fun nostalgia trip but deafer
brothers could make for stranger things
would be a Sierra style game didn't they
make a game for stranger things season 2
already I don't know I think I think
they did it's like a free there might be
a mobile game I heard it was actually
pretty good oh yeah they did some game
they did some sighted kind of
promotional free game for stranger
things season 2 I don't know if it's an
adventure game but I remember hearing
that it was just watching on a talk show
it was like like Sean Astin was on
Colbert the other day and he was talking
about the duffer brothers and and their
attention to detail for all like the 80s
nostalgia thing right he's like but you
know the different brothers different
brothers are younger guys and so they
actually had a historical expert on to
talk about what sort of posters would be
in the background and for me I was like
what are you talking about you know I
was a kid who grew up in the eighties
this was my bedroom and and they have
like like professors on here to make
sure it's all historically accurate I
felt like an old man his brain was great
good old shot Sean Astin is that his
name you know I'm talking about right
yeah
someone to someone
Samwise of course Shawn yeah China great
yeah good old Sam well of course and you
know anyone who watches Colbert knows
that he's obsessed with the Lord of the
Rings so like we got to talk about
stranger things season 2 for a little
bit and then he's like Lord of the Rings
but
how long have they been talking for a
walk a wild man
couple hours which and I've been talking
too long you mean like in light 40 years
no a while all right let's see what we
got here wildlife industry says Oh said
uh hey Jack just picked up ultramoon
that have you had a chance to play
ultramoon yet no no I I did not care for
moon I really did not care for moon at
all and so and it's it's a trend that
I've noticed in the Pokemon games
I also didn't care for Oh pokemons okay
they just came out with a new one
Ultra moving an ultrasound and same game
with tweaks no it's a new game but uh
I've been noticing that Pokemon has been
heading into a direction that I don't
much care for so I have I've stepped
back from the pokies Moms
what's the direction you don't care for
they've you you might laugh at this
Ridge but I feel like they've made it
too easy I feel like way too easy of
course but I I thought I thought before
it was a little more open-ended you know
like like you'd get to a section in the
older games and you would need a water
pokemon in order to swim across and then
you oh well shit I don't have a lot of
program I gotta go find one right yeah
here there's a person standing right
next to the water that says here's a
water pokemon for you bye
and I haven't cared for much of the
Pokemon designers so don't like that
seal duh I don't like that seal yeah so
you know there's a couple reasons that
I've decided true-blue review says last
week I went to the new creative director
of Adult Swim in Atlanta what last week
I went to the new creative director of a
beltzman Atlanta getting married it was
super fun there was a planned fight in
everything can you shout out the lucky
couple Dave and Ji Young congratulations
Dave and Jeong sorry if I'm
mispronouncing either of your names
mostly Ji Young cuz I don't know how
that one sounds normally sorry I'm anti
Rowlett I am I am anti relevant I don't
like I don't like the stupid owl I'm
sorry
another different pokemons to one of the
new Pokemon you get the CEO the owl or
something else I don't remember what the
other one was there's something else
it's pronounced Davi I'm sorry Davi
and though I would like a Munich you
because that mimic you is the is as far
as I'm concerned the most adorable
Pokemon out there cuz it's the saddest I
didn't even get far enough tag yeah they
got that awesome algorithm down when you
do something awesome it lets you know
nice one right all right what else we
got here
dr. Louvre it up says Australian movie
going experience sit quietly and enjoy
the movie no talking no clapping no
cheering no gasping no laughing not
doing so would be considered rude
towards other movie goers yeah I'm not
disagreeing with anything you've said
are you telling me that you go to see a
comedy and nobody laughs that would be
the worst movie going experience ever
they're applauding for stupid thing no
you said no letting no gasping no
laughing are you telling okay that's
weird
alright here you go to see a shocking
movie something happens and like boo
like you don't do that just naturally
come on come on yes you had it Ritchie
at the world in the palm of your hand
through it away jack threw it all away I
like I if they open their mouths to
laugh the spiders might crawl in oh
that's true that's true about Australia
fire ants the the man-eating sloths
might burrow into your mouth and find a
new home yeah eggs yeah it's a whole
it's a whole thing in Australia to me
it's just not that big a deal when when
someone is reacting to the movie that
can be a really positive movie going
experience because then that reaction
can start a snowball and it can actually
turn a movie that isn't necessarily
funny into a into a funny movie that did
not look like it had the proper amount
of force to take my light off agree I
agree
I agree with that Ridge and so you know
that to me is part of the joy of the
movie-going experiences is hearing the
audience's reactions hearing someone
laugh at a wholly inappropriate joke is
a great thing if if you're gonna go see
a movie and you don't want anyone to
react in any way why go to a movie just
wait till wait so you can watch it at
home
exactly flab that says that's part of
sitting with a crowd of people that's
the whole purpose of seeing a movie in a
movie theater to see it with a crowd the
reaction that's well it's why the
Netflix can be a good thing I still like
this the whole movie going experience
I'm not saying that there are downsides
everyone knows what the downsides to go
into the movie theater is is you know
grandma's coffin
grandma's got pneumonia and his coffin
during the movie I still I sit down sign
up some dickhead is talking on a cell
phone
recapping what just happened in the
movie man you won't believe it
ant-man just turned small I can't oh
shit man Ant Man just turned small get
it I get it
where are we tired and sad said how
tired and sad you're asking us a
question about something about whether
or not Mike and Jay know something that
might be a question you want to ask Mike
and Jay yeah putting that out there
I don't I don't know I don't know uh
Jordan Thao seven this is hi rich hi
jacket any interest in streaming South
Park's the fractured but whole yes no no
ever play stick of truth no no either
thanks as always for the entertainment
got nothing against South Park but South
Park I mean if you're if you enjoy South
Park would you want to hear us talking
over it or would you rather just play
the South Park game yourself the same
reason I haven't streamed Ghostbusters
mmm yeah cuz most of that is in the fund
that is in the fund aisle you get to
hear the old cast get together yeah you
know what I was talkin over that yeah I
think they would make for bad streaming
games I also have I have no feelings at
all towards South Park I don't care
about them I've never been a South Park
fanatic but I like the show well enough
I don't haven't watched that much of it
all said and done but for their there
was a time where I was a huge South Park
fan and then as I got older I just
stopped caring and I probably have not
seen the show five eight years ten year
I mean like it's been a while since I've
last seen the show so I just don't
really care
I've seen like the first three or so
seasons yeah sure sure yeah
and I recently because they do that
streaming on YouTube now and people just
stream fuckin whatever yeah I've seen
some of the recent ones yeah click on
that okay wasn't bad I don't deny that
it I mean I'm I'm not saying I hate that
you don't love it oh you're sorry you're
right absolutely right that's exactly
how I feel
no I just don't care so
I just don't care it's your opinion on
wonder I haven't seen wonder my kid is
reading the book currently wonder doing
shockingly well at the box office yeah
about the kid with the messed-up face my
kids reading the book and so we keval
huh so I will probably see the movie
eventually after he's done reading the
book but I have no thoughts on it right
now
I'm too old to be part of the Twitter
generation possibly I'm on Twitter is
that I'm definitely too old to be on
Twitter generate what's the Twitter
generation I just know I'm too old for
it right you know aren't we all
what did you oh I I haven't seen just
asleep lamp the light of the universe I
have not seen Justice League so I have
no thoughts on it all the only thing I
know about Justice League is I've seen
Henry cavils face I've seen pictures of
his face with the horrible CGI mouth and
I love it and I love it it's my favorite
part of Justice League so the Twitter
generation of people whose formative
years were when Twitter was the thing oh
so yeah definitely not me Oh No
are they are the twitter twitter
generation out of diapers is the
question 12:17 Oh
formative years I suppose I you know
what I want I want a Wiley KOMU
animation for when you just run out of
steam and you know no bran flakes I love
the expanse show I know my wife read all
of the expense books and she loves them
I'm sure I would also love them there
are just too many things on my reading
list at the moment but I love the show
and now that I've seen the show actually
I don't want to read the books because
oh nice rich that's mostly luck I'll be
honest with you no no no no I mean you
do that on purpose be like now I the
show has given me like it has given me
like character faces and stuff so I
would almost hate to go back and read
the books but I hear really good things
a lot I do love the show I do love the
expansion looking forward to the new
season
are we gonna in our lifetime in our
lifetime
are we gonna see a day when AOL ends up
selling DC and Marvel baizen AOL Time
Warner lol Time Warner they own DC yeah
okay
last I heard are we gonna see a day when
when Marvel and DC are just all
officially under the same banner and
what will they do with that well they
keep them apart are they gonna
eventually merge this shit Disney's got
the money to do something like that ah
I mean Time Warner has a lot of do you
have it you have uh in the comics yeah
you have a crossover event called oh hey
there dude Final Crisis didn't I yeah
that's a Final Crisis no Wow ultimate
crash ultimate crisis there you go
ultimate crisis crisis Wars crisis food
crisis Wars there's got to be some sort
of antitrust legislation against we're
talking about a billion-dollar industry
rich there's yeah the United States
government will not allow a merger of DC
and Marvel we can't allow it
infinity crisis yeah there we go nice
Time Warner's got a lot of money I'm not
I'm not sure they're hurting for any
money but what I'm what I'm gonna say is
interesting I like it I like it a lot
Disney owns both Marvel and DC and you
know what for the first like five years
yeah they keep it separate yeah yeah and
then slowly they start seeding here's
the first thing I want to see yeah you
know who would make a great couple who
you know who would make the perfect
couple sign here Wonder Woman Captain
America
they would make a great couple that's
just too much fish out of water
let'em wonder woman's been efficient
she's no longer wonder one is no longer
a fish out if it wasn't World War one
yeah they they would get together Wonder
Woman would immediately respect Steve
Rogers physical aptitude and
courageousness I remember seeing it as a
romance I'm saying it makes too much
sense it makes too much sense not to
happen I mean also Chris Evans is is
pretty close to Chris Pine and she just
lost Chris Pine so she gets Chris Evans
is traded Chris for Chris you know who
would have a great chemistry they've had
crossovers before but it could be a more
routine thing spider-man a Batman
cuz that's some that's some oil and
water right I would love it they've done
comics they've had crossovers yeah do
you do more regularly that was my
favorite part of early ultimate
spider-man was his run with Wolverine
Greg and Wolverine just not having any
of his shit
I would love spider-man hanging out with
Batman and Batman just being utterly
sick of spider-man but spider-man like
not being able to do anything because
spider-man is physically superior it has
the spiders like this teenage kid is
physically superior and has the spider
sense a Batman could never sneak up on
him and so like Batman constantly pissed
off at this dumb kid who's better than
him spider-man just showing up in the
Batcave when he needs help Bruce how did
you get around the spider sense
and like just constantly trying to like
tail spider-man to find out his secret
identity and spider-man always losing
him just go ahead
Hey Bruce person needs your help
you have to have you have to have Batman
deduced I know oh I want it so bad I
want it so bad yeah that would be great
and have yeah a nice rich says moments
like that yep just great so yeah you
give spider-man and Batman their own
buddy cop movie and you have who's the
who's the fuck I'm forgetting names
Lethal Weapon Iron Man 3 actor now the
director really 3 no shame black buddy
cut buddy comedy team up with Shane
black directing Oscar win all the awards
best best reviewed movie ever made the
rocks in there too for some reason he's
the bad guy the rocks the bad guy I love
it
the RO the rock is playing kingpin and
no hobbies and that's too far the
kingpin is not necessarily a charismatic
person the rock would be bad casting it
would be a terrible time for the kingdom
but the rock is in the movie too because
the rock should be
anyway now this is in my head and I love
it thank you rich the Rock has gorilla
drag hey can you do grip you know what I
was thinking of I'm watching I'm
watching my my CW superhero show yeah
and this season actually much to my
delight Oh much to my delight they have
added Plastic Man yeah into the flash
and he's a he's a bit of a low-life
detective and he gets his Plastic Man
powers okay
he's you know he's a bit of a thorn and
the flashes side but you know they still
work together flash is teaching him how
to be a hero and it's a lot of fun
character-wise yeah but this is a
television show on a television budget
and they're doing Plastic Man esque a
special effects yeah and that got me
thinking as you know like the comic book
that I read the most is miss Marvel who
has you know Plastic Man issue now or
you're gonna stretchy biggie and bigamy
powers right right I'm gonna I'm gonna
about to have a hot take here okay they
should not make a Miss Marvel movie okay
because I think that there is no
possible way to do stretchy powers that
don't look terrible I'm sorry I have no
opinion on this right well well you know
cuz the the CG is bad obviously in the
flash because it's TVs yeah yeah which
is fine but then like I'm thinking about
movies where we do have stretch you like
big movies where we have stretch of
characters like any of the fantastic
four movies like yeah there's a big
Hollywood movies they always look awful
someone out there it's just a great
artist who could make it work
maybe sorry how you do it I don't know
if our brains could ever process a
realistic-looking person stretching that
way
like if you think about times when it
does work it's in comics because art you
know like artists can make weird things
and miss misses incredible maybe you
don't maybe you don't do it that way
maybe you do it more like a goon you
just change the effect the style I don't
yeah maybe maybe
it's probably a way to do it it worked
in The Incredibles blue vodka cuz that
is not a real answer cartoons a cartoon
exactly and that ends so this is my this
is my super hot take is I don't think
it's possible because of uncounted candy
whether you want to call it uncanny
valley whether you just want to call it
it's it's an inherent goofiness to
stretch powers yes and I don't think
it's something our brains could wrap
around realist realistic skin doing it
like a movie had the right tone any
other matter if you're not if it's so
you're light-hearted and Pharaoh maybe
you can do stretching and gonna be fine
sure sure
like like Jim carries the mass right
anyway in the hypothetical scenario
where we're mark Marvel Edward Disney
buys DC Comics alright I like it it's
kind of DC coming into Marvel's
playground then here's the thing yeah
I'm assuming I would assume that
Marvel's publishing would take charge do
you if you merge the two universes do
you do you keep the fictional cities or
do you just Superman's in New York now
oh I couldn't I couldn't picture a
Marvel Universe that would have a
metropolis in it okay yeah here's my
pitch okay obviously this is just right
off the top of my head so it's gonna be
dumb the crisis rich yeah that had that
that happens and the main drama in all
of the world is quite literally the
earth of DC and the earth of Marvel
smush yeah so half of both planets are
destroyed be with me here okay so that
is going to immediately give you a ton
of conflict and drama in the world
so I've you know obviously like Gotham
isn't smooth metropolis is but maybe
edge City is or star city right you know
maybe the heroes come in you know the
hero stay but yeah millions are dead
billions are dead yeah and so then that
immediately makes each side resent to
the other side and so that's that's
where you can have our main drama is the
heroes battling each other because they
think that the other heroes and made the
Earth's smooshed together yeah yeah so
that's that's how you have the best of
both worlds oh yeah the great pun for
the sake of art because I think this is
this is an interesting question okay if
you did get rid of the fictional cities
yeah then Superman gets New York right
is that is that a question and bad if
Superman gets New York where do you
stick Batman Chicago is it Chicago or is
it Detroit
it's Batman a better fit for Detroit
Chicago Chicago okay you know why cuz
Detroit doesn't have the posh element
okay
Detroit is working-class like Chicago
has that blend where it's both
working-class and you also have opera
they're two Italian and posh elements so
a Batman is definitely Chicago Superman
obviously New York Detroit doesn't have
the buildings that that might be true
yeah
Detroit is all working-class like you
could put flash in Detroit would it be
too weird to give them like Dallas or
something
Batman yeah it's too weird it would be
incredibly too weird together though I
like it I would love the idea of just
the Batmobile pulling up next to giant
ass pickup trucks and people like you
know spitting tobacco Adam fucking buy
it man to face is gonna Rob the rodeo
and that's why it can't be no but you
know you could get you could give
Detroit to flash right and then you know
like fast cars fast guy that would make
sense
Detroit's a lot of flat earth a lot of
flat land uh-huh uh-huh that flat earth
flat a lot of flat land a lot of good
running area in green lantern like lanta
or something I don't know about Green
Lantern
it seemed like that's the thing Superman
really could work in any city someone
was saying Superman is maybe a Los
Angeles thing okay
Superman's more of a world's hero he's
kind of like the world butuan but
where's the the question is where where
does he hang his hat you know where does
he work as a reporter can he can
Superman be a reporter anymore and tell
the people thank you you would probably
just have the Daily Planet be a rival
newspaper in New York sure for the
people that's a way yeah absolutely
if there if there was a weird way where
these earths got merged if they really
didn't want to do the fictional cities
otherwise you just keep it as it is
right metropolis and the planet I know I
know he's a blogger but so I have a
problem with Superman being a blogger
now I guess that that's what they have
to do with him no but okay well the the
the whole idea of him being a reporter
back in the day yeah was was to make
sure that he got all of the news of what
the bad guys robbing the bank
oh hey I know that cuz I'm at the news
paper right very convenient it was very
convenient
is there any strong reason for him to be
a blogger anymore in the information age
when everybody knows exactly what news
is happening everywhere does he even
move
and then what does Clark can do this is
my question see just another does your
it novels oh I like that I like that I'm
I like this I think I've had my soul for
now well you've been playing for yeah
two and a half hours so what's the plan
I knew we were worried about getting
power I know it that's great you tell me
what's your plan I don't know do FTL you
do hand of fate is there anything you
want to play you know I is good
gibbering I'm just gibbering I'm happy
I'm pretty happy gibbering I I'm liking
Clark Kent as an author Jeff this game
is fun mm-hmm hand of fate one or two
yeah I can see more to split so never I
never did unlock all of the cards no
wonder you sure oh sure go like go back
in unlock more cards yeah yeah but I
don't have I don't think I have that
safe file here so good point yeah I'm
saying a lot of I'm seeing a lot of
two's I'm seeing a lot of hand of fate
two's all right and then you can vote on
shit that's fun oh sure we can do the
twitch integration yeah it's fine I'm
with you all right we just go to it okay
that's a fine game that's a fine game
though my game I approve of super super
super flight super flight okie dokie
should call it fall guy fuck fall guy
what'd I do here it is shit where to go
it doesn't like the mouse now that
you've used the controller hold on
wait I'm gonna quit I'm gonna quit it
how we're supposed to quit it
super flight righty-tighty and let's go
chat gutter Punk in chat I did not play
through Orcs Must Die with no upgrades I
just played with the normal amount of
crates III upgraded everything as soon
as I could well not everything the
things I wanted upgraded what are you go
it's so nice when you download when you
download a game from gog.com you don't
have to actually go into GOG galaxy it's
right there in your Start menu I just I
like not having this the steam nanny on
my shoulder jackets it's an independent
streak I won't apologize for it let's
see here
well I guess we will use the cloud say
that'll be my save it's it's I'm logged
in it'd be mine probably ok so then yeah
you want the clouds yeah I wonder if I
have cloud for the friends it doesn't
matter anyway it's fine that's fine fine
it's all fine syncing cloud save for
also for anyone interested

[Part III]
for also for anyone interested it should
be up our our hand of fate to review
should be up tomorrow nice it so it's
it's very close to being done a lot of
work had to be done on things like our
new intro I did yeah I spilled the beans
on Thursday that we are that we are
ditching the audio only format for full
reviews and and but keeping the keeping
the audio only formats as a quick
episode for games that maybe we don't
have a ton to talk about or that we want
to do like an early preview of late is
this guy last time yeah let's change it
up okay you can do that when you camp oh
you can
yeah I've never camp you've never cam
I've never cared that it felt like
cheating it felt like cheating
specifically I know I'm not gonna I'm
not gonna stand I'm not gonna camp and
he'll yeah I'm going through that was my
attitude like I'm going through it what
happens happens a lot of things I
already though we're so right
the idea is we're gonna it's it's going
to be a little bit of both let me let me
go back to the title Angus if I can camp
will just change at the camp oh sure
well like in game you camp you know when
you're camping right right yeah so we're
gonna keep the new format and call it
prereq quick app for a prereq quick app
when when it's a shorter game and we
don't have a ton to say about it so any
any episode that'll be like you know 15
minutes or less like rich and I rich and
I recorded our hand to fade to episode
and we had 20 minutes of raw audio
usually our raw audio is an hour to an
hour and a half we had 20 minutes
largely because we had already retired
hand to fate one fate exactly and so the
I do only review style will stay but
then for any longer form discussions now
now we got no frickin set game so not
yet rich check our mail box check the
PIO box on Monday ok the stuff is coming
ok stuff is coming my friend so stuff is
coming we're gonna we're gonna get a new
set and you're gonna see our lovely
faces once again
I can't imagine editing a fucking hour
of my own voice sometimes it's a little
hard it's you know what the real hard
part though is Oh bother
editing an hour of my face it's the
worst
so like normally when the cameras are on
us and I'm editing I put rich on top
rich is the top layer so I'm just
looking at rich even when I'm talking
I'm just looking at rich for an hour you
know which is lovely but but then when I
actually have to edit me into it it's
always tough watching yourself
Bufo 1944 this isn't just a card game
pay attention there's some card cards
and combats my friend oh I should update
Jenny because we are no longer playing
super flights right not that big on
large dumb enlarge them yeah he's got
his he's got his worth
okay update and we are playing hand
afraid too great
so yeah the idea actually for the person
who said it in chats the new set will
have a table it will have a table and
we're bringing back some pixel
characters but they won't be
hand-painted pixel characters anymore
they will be professional pixel
characters
so pretty excited to put our new set
together should be interesting
we're also gonna get a nice big sign
that says previously recorded I've
decided we're gonna get a sign and we're
gonna cut it out we're gonna put some
lights behind it and that's gonna be in
the middle
big previously recorded to be it'll be
backlit they'll be gorgeous I want back
to play the first one and I am not used
to having so few slots oh yeah yeah you
got to make some some tough decisions
now Jana
oh and don't forget to enable the chat
stuff okay yeah I don't like big dumb
the handmade stuff is the only thing
separating the set from non-ironic nerd
guru it's you'll like it I think you
guys are gonna like it
just just be cool
just be cool they're not cool oh I did I
did forget about the over life we're
gonna change the overlay as soon as
Richard's done picking his cards okay
can you alt-tab all right there's a team
effort here we got a team effort
happening
nope not yet not yet everyone go text
okay
nope the width needs to be adjusted it's
doing that cut off stuff I think I
didn't type the whole thing
all right I got it I know it's up
come now I cannot wait here for a long
maybe extra voice
you might be wrong by Allah
try not
okay area
we're getting there
we're getting there this way I'm not as
fond of yes it is there is exactly one
drawback to x1 is the precise movement
of things is more difficult to be fair
we don't have to move things precisely
that often but when we do all right
where do we go to an able go to settings
go to general there it is and configure
twice and that looks great so then hit
the connect button and click OK luckily
our password was in there but asterisks
without cuz that would have been
embarrassing that would have been
horrible if they did that if our
password was showing that would have
been all right so now if you hit back it
should be working
sir good yes there is twitch integration
built-in so there are certain things
that the chat can do the chat can choose
to give us good things or bad things the
chat can help us take these cards when
it's time for the card randomizer
randomizing crafting it too new for
every foe who faced
if I have ever loved it is the love of
service to a greater I need what
happened to the guy's face
it's a mystery fucked up at the end of
the first game it's a mystery
no he had it on the first game though
dealer yeah you didn't have his eye all
fucked up though oh I thought they were
referring to his okay his face got
fucked up because it's hard to animate
mouths and so uh I think they put a
scarf on them that's why it's called it
was the wise call of course this game
recommended yes we both really liked
Hannah fade deck-building Batman combat
goblins - good thing this is just that
but more there's more things there's
more there's more weapons there's more
missions there's there's new things
there's bigger things so yes very
recommend and a fate - it was very happy
- gotta know this game didn't stop
skeletons it did and the skeletons are
great
let's see here where were we
anonymous says Jack did you ever play
tearaway on the Vita recently played it
and it was nice to have something that
takes advantage of the Vita I never did
get around to that almost killing tens
there here you were just talking about
them well I mentioned it because I saw
the car oh okay nice look at that
adorable skeleton yeah no I never got
around to playing tearaway I've heard
very good things about it my Vita is
currently collecting a ton of dust and
doing a really great job at that yeah I
don't think I don't know if I will ever
get it around then replaced at this
switch of course in all in all aspects
Kendyl of Pompeii was talking and I'm
not thinking yep
DeLonge schlong its who doing schlong
mint mentions moon Lima and they they
recently saw moonlight
Dulli and the Oscar award-winning drama
they just saw it I thought it was really
great they were wondering why I came out
of it thinking it was just okay I
thought a lot of it was really wasted
opportunity I wasn't terribly impressed
with the cinematography every once in a
while they they would use color but I
never felt like they were using color
for any particular reason other than we
should have a bright color here my
personal vote was - okay it's time one
and two I'm over - OH
so Rose for rich can you believe it and
while I thought the story was kind of
interesting and I didn't much care for
the pacing so I just thought its kind of
man didn't do it for me you dork so I'm
not you know again this is one of those
things where my opinions are a little
nuance but I just didn't in order to I
don't know hate it I just didn't love it
I only know it all ends in death
right let's see what we got here fiery
dog poop says it's the year 1941 rich
yeah and Hitler is hiding in Castle
Wolfenstein okay between John wick James
Bond and the Punisher armed with
area-specific weapons
who do you send wait wait wait wait wait
what what what kind of stupid stupid
question is this one of these people has
to rescue the president first of all not
even close not even close
secondly no one of these people has to
kill Hitler oh oh yes yes the first part
of the question was about Hitler
Punisher you've sent the Punisher of
course the Punisher yeah he's good at
killing people that's what he does so
technically all of them are pretty good
at killing people I would say out of
John wick the Punisher and James Bond
the Punisher is the best at killing
James Bond is an option though James
Franco really Punishers gonna make too
much noise he's not gonna he's gonna
have a harder time getting close yeah so
he'll take out a bunch of other Nazis
yeah but I think bonds more of a
guaranteed kill he'll get in there he'll
sneak in he'll he'll dress up sure sure
I'll play along and then when the moment
is right its bond you know and maybe
it's it's the Wolfenstein enemy but I
want to see damage
I want damage done I want oh yeah that'd
be a fantastic battle yeah sure sure I
mean I'm not I'm not saying that you're
incorrect because yeah you're right if
you like you're going for precision
strike and I'm going for four burn it
all down yeah
John wick does he get his Bill and Ted
time machine yes bill Ted use their
their telephone box and John wick comes
out they just go back in time and and
you you get him accepted into art school
that's piano just convinces the art
teacher to give him a second chance
it's easy to do which is like look if
you don't do this look what's gonna
happen man I got a wind I got pictures
and everything you tell him his art is
great
he gets an A then you just gotta hope
that the the art school guys not the
world's first Holocaust denier this time
it's lupus says once they started with
this behind success when once they
started with the experience chair
working for the entire team I was done
up the gate talking about Pokemon office
Pokemon is easy enough without it with
that you take out any of the
satisfaction you get from leveling each
Pokemon up that's a great point this
time it's lupus before in Pokemon if you
there was a specific item that you would
give to weaker Pokemon that would let
them share experience with exactly one
other Pokemon but it was an item you
could only give to one Pokemon now
there's like a team experience they've
made Pokemon way too easy they they make
a team experience share and it's all
garbage I don't want to share I don't
know I I don't want team experience I
want to individualize like I want to
work with one Pokemon I want to get I
want to get what
you dork I want to get invested in one
Pokemon learn their moves learn what
moves work well together so you don't
you almost don't have any incentive to
train your weaker pokemons cuz I they'll
get experience I'll just wait till they
give that more so they get more levels
whatever happened to the live Pokemon go
string is there somewhere we can watch
it it should still be up on YouTube
they're up it's up somewhere bones I
hope you have learned to be their master
victory you are learning the dice are
frequently painful yes
nothing like carrying an aura purity on
what we got here mochi b85 says hey
wreckers just a correction in Australia
people laugh applaud Yelp talk all that
shit in a movie theater at the end of
Justice League and ghostbusters people
applauded it's messed up Jack okay I I
think it's weird when people applaud
after a dull movie yes I agree
split oh three is winning say I'm not
doing one you not doing I'm not doing
one alright
go with the majority see what happens
all right dudes hating you guys guy had
it you have to pay attention now chat if
you're gonna help us out you have to pay
attention
we did that on purpose
now see here son of Jana
says Jack there is a new anime on
Netflix rich has already checked out
Tiger and bunny wasn't
it's called tiger and bunny I think I
think they're trolling me with card
number three mm-hmm you can't listen to
them right
think they're trolling me you cannot
listen what's the point of the twitch
integration because well it's your call
I kind of have you know I mean look
that's a that's a lot of people that's a
lot of people that really want yes all
right
Oh they've redeemed themselves or rich
they're just setting you up to make you
fail hard next time that's what I expect
that's totally what I expect let's see
here tiger and bunny it's about
corporate sponsored superheroes you
should check it out
also I'm about to move to the big city
and he moving tips I have 20 spaces left
shit how much are you moving
what do you mean 20 spaces that's I
think about how much spaces you have
feel
no I don't have any moving tips I'm
sorry yeah I know I I don't either
it's it's decidedly very simple you take
all your stuff and you put it in a new
place before how about this here like
this is the real quick tip have all of
your shit packed up before you ask
anyone to help you move everything in a
box yep
don't don't people will be really pissed
if they have to put your shit in a box
it's the best moving experience I ever
had okay and this might not mean Mia be
applicable to you because you're moving
to a different city no I was moving
somewhere else in the same town okay
I just had a month overlap in the room
oh yeah the old place like yeah I'm
moving next month in the new place yeah
I want to start right now
yeah and just everyday just karbolyn car
don't card a little bit over every day
for a month nice it's the most
stress-free moving experience I ever had
and I've moved a bunch
I have it cost me it cause it cost you a
month's rent so yeah that's fucked I
didn't at the time like nobody I knew
was and like I was still in Chicago and
Mike and J we're off to wherever the
fuck they were at the time and I have
many people I get asked to hell jerk
they're just gonna be mostly just gonna
be me and Karen moving I couldn't ask
like her elderly parents to help help me
let me let the couch grandmother's I
must now eat 100 more
well it's like you know for me it's it's
always nice when you can get you know
some friends to help you move or you
know you get an e rented truck but it's
all in how you pack shit up label every
box put like things together I'm not
saying it's easy I'm just saying you
know do the work you guys are actually
helpful things I'm sorry if we're not I
don't know if that's sarcasm run a club
you know
Oh encephalopathic actually has the best
advice are you ready for it
the best advice when moving throw shit
away there is no better excuse to rid
yourself of unneeded items than moving
when you are packing your shit up decide
how much that shit is worth to you and
whether or not you can throw it in a
dumpster or give it yes yeah that is
legion best advice and set flow pathetic
purging yourself of shit that's been in
the bait like if you have anything
that's been in the basement for over a
year and you haven't touched it many why
did why do you mean it Travis I I have
hoarding tendencies especially when it
comes to old equipment like cables oh
this cable I might be able to attach to
a camera because I might need this piece
of footage one day I'm pretty bad about
that but I've consolidated as much as
possible Lisa does a really good job of
pushing me to throw things out I'm
really happy about I have been toying
with new cables
oh yeah like this one you know I have
like old VCRs and then you have to make
sure you have their power cables and you
have to make sure you have their RCA
cables and then do you have a way to
hook up their RCA cable to something
that will read it like an RCA to USB
adapter style or an RCA to HDMI adapter
like do you have a way to future-proof
the watching of that VHS player it's all
fucked man
did we talk enough about like the side
missions and the twists they put in the
every every mission or every the twist
free stage like that it's not just get
to the end and fight the boss now this
find the clues to uncover the assassin
there well you know we we just talked
about how missions have more than one
win points like yeah you can win the
mission but not really win we talked
about that guy
yeah so do we give it another give we
might not have really it's really I
played I played like I said I played the
original yeah oh my call the car and
there is more there's definitely more
nuance to hand to fade too sure I'm not
saying we didn't give it its due I just
wanna make sure you oh my god so much
fire you know playing like shit you are
and your guys did your man is dead
yeah like we definitely did not go super
in-depth into the missions but up you
know deserve to die dreamer TK no there
will be no stream on Wednesday rich and
I will be out of town holiday stuff
going on got holiday stuff so we will be
back next Sunday
it is so that somebody show your worth
through action
did I stream on Thanksgiving more than
once or was it just the once when you
did your your supplies or run your full
playthrough yeah the zombie game
well that wasn't that that was something
else thank you that wasn't fancy I just
had a long Thanksgiving stream I played
a bunch of things did you only do it
once it's the question yeah that I
that's a question only for you everyone
expects it now and I feel bad but I got
uh I got still forgot to do I'm sorry
the pendulum swinging bullseye hi sir
yeah yeah well I haven't I've never hit
even the the silver one of that like for
some reason like I can't figure out the
timing because I'm just naturally better
at that oh yeah I can
pendulum proem starvation yeah will do
we can do more fun middle streams like I
said you know we have that we had a
decent time do our early-morning stream
the morning Jack if you will so I think
we're gonna do some more early-morning
streams here and there don't don't feel
obligated to spend your whole
Thanksgiving the streaming also another
thing that's hand of fate woman has from
the DLC yeah they're the fake cards and
one of those makes the card choosing
much easier suppose it slows them down
after going from that to this it's like
alright Chad I'm going with you you
didn't you didn't steer me wrong last
time you sons of bitches
you lying sons of bitches
you got a camp man where's your food you
don't have any food oh my god food no
it's fine
okay they can't mine then camp oh did
you are you camping oh no you're out
that you're at it yeah
oh you get your hidden fuck kidnaps
again hmm
always he always gets it he gets
kidnapped 18 times our tips and
subscribers not showing up at the bottom
I don't know that's a great question
I'll look into that
as soon as rich is done what's going on
wow they're saying tips and subscribers
are not showing up at the bottom of the
screen okay
I'll look into that hold on oh never
mind my bother said I just saw some show
up well and they go alright let's see
here gobbledygook says hey guys I'm
doing a business paper on mattresses at
the local JC what is the last time you
bought a mattress do you buy them online
Black Friday deals hey-oh downs spring
your foam about a year ago I bought all
those foam mattresses yes don't regret
it one bit really best finicky back yeah
while no and I've had no problems with
this new foam mattress have you have you
experienced a something that I worry
about is in night sweats no they say
that some foam mattresses don't
dissipate heat and so as you sleep in
them it just holds your heating and you
get night sweats I don't think I've had
any unusual problems with that okay so
that it dad that was my one concern with
a foam mattress do ya love love my foam
mattress okay you got your foam mattress
great I have a regular mattress I guess
I bought it the last time I bought a new
mattress was maybe five years ago and
they said the mattress had a eight year
lifespan and it's getting near the end
of it so that's that there's for your
business paper I went to a store though
I went to a store divide I did not buy
it online what brand rich I don't
remember
Karen actually picked it out we got it
online so probably came from Amazon
right because everything does right yeah
but I don't I don't recall the brand Wow
okay I had a horrible experience at an
actual physical mattress store once oh
yeah this is like a decade ago now but
the the most insane high-pressure
salesman I've ever seen of course of
course
watch me a great deal but you have to
get it today you have to get it today
we're just looking oh but I'll get you
date her but it's only today and if you
200 off the price you gotta get it right
now you got to go right he actually ran
us out of the store he like he wouldn't
stop we just had we just we were
browsing we were looking for a mattress
and eventually we just left cuz this guy
was he was too much with his old truck
high-pressured fact that's insane he
would not leave us alone and he would
not let up about how the deal was going
to expire the minute we left the door
but I realize we're gone fuck you we
jerk
I want a memory foam for the window yeah
I don't know about that
I don't know about that love was always
difficult this seems more trouble than
you might expect however oh you just got
something
that's nice hey did it alright let's see
here a mas machete bug says rich yeah
when Voyager was on I also thought the
story arc should be forming a second
Federation yeah too bad we weren't
writing yeah also a rival is on Amazon
Prime now for fuck's sake wash it
already
I was I was at a party on Friday and ran
into some mutual friends like they're
kind of friends of friends not
necessarily my friend so I only see them
every once in a while many are traitors
in there and if you know man last time I
ran into them I was I was we were
talking about sci-fi movie I was talking
about arrival and how great arrival is
and hey we finally saw arrival I was
like oh awesome and they're like yeah
kind of fell asleep damn it's like damn
it guys that's like TCC new Blade Runner
yeah and these are people who have
complained about like they're not being
enough you know slow sci-fi before and I
was like you should watch a rival well
what he's doing the new Blade Runner and
then you know it's too boring I got too
many of them in this side
oh they're all ready to fight for you oh
I love arrival you guys suck
not you guys old birth or old birth
arrival is not a stupid move it's great
it's great movie
I really like it I think it's a really
good movie I think it's very clever
I like the aliens
Jarvis you're incorrect I'd be the I
like all of her rival not you're
incorrect I disagree with you I disagree
with you Jones I think the the ending of
arrival everything everything comes
together good the movie I like the new
Blade Runner
he's the next unfortunately
denne denne Aviv via Dennis vallavan the
new whatever his name is he's now cursed
to do sci-fi remakes because he's doing
he's uh he's doing the new dune Mugen
would be good he's doing a remake of
dude right after he just got you know
done making the Blade Runner sequel oh
did I lose my fancy sword I can't sell
that fancy sword now
the nose he know he will make great
movies but at least you know a rival I
want to say a rival was an adaptation of
a short story so it's not a remake or
sequel and so I feel like were wasting
his considerable talents on remaking
dune Vila oh you guys you guys aren't
helping me with his last name
pronunciation
doom is his dream project though I'm
listen it's gonna be great and I know
also doom is doing were dune dune now
dune it sounds like you're saying doom
and I can't you know the guy who did a
rival and Blade Runner well there's a
dream project is doom
okay now I want to see that I want to
see the slow atmospheric take he will
first of all he would make it work he
would absolutely make it work
he would make it work no dune I
understand is that was a novel first and
so he'd be adapting the novel but still
right this the slow dreamy atmospheric
version of doom
great
what's a jack hate about the end of BSG
i thought it was marvelous
what's BSG battlestar galactica
oh uh yeah I just thought it I thought
it was a little um I thought it was a
bit of a cop-out ultra schmaltz ending
for something that was lovely
slow paced science-fiction and then and
then it went full smokes and a little
cop-out and it was just the very end of
the ending yeah and in general I'm okay
with schmaltz but I think they went a
little too far with Battlestar
collection overall though I really liked
the series the new series and think it's
worth it even though the ending is
slightly disappointed
did you tell them we're making it up
while they went along that's that's
never a good sign it was pastes all
right it's just that at that end the
very end the the the it all coming
together part was like come on guys hey
man fiction that's so overall though I
liked the series Jack I lost I lost my
potato farmer I lost him a potato farmer
is gone
oh sorry rich get get your shit together
doctor lube it up says I let a few
laughs swim during for three I think
other people laugh too but mainly you
left quietly I think things are funnier
when you can't laugh anyway I'm there's
nothing wrong with good hearty laugh at
a movie theater man if the movie tells a
joke you're allowed to laugh that's then
it's good it's good for you it's good
for the movie it's good for the other
people tired and sad has a question rich
yeah who did more lasting damage to
their franchise so we do a Schumacher
those nice listed us stuff are you it's
impossible to tell it's not gonna
lasting yeah this next nighters thing
isn't even necessarily over yet yeah to
give it time before you can tell if
there's been lasting damage how long did
it take how long was it between
Schumacher Batman's and Nolan I don't
think it was that long in the grand
scheme of things yeah I'm gonna look it
up hold on and it came back stronger
than ever
yeah I'm looking up Batman movies hold
on
you went from like probably 98 97 Batman
& Robin was 97 so 2003 and Batman Begins
was 2005 5 so so what is that eight
years yeah okay eight years well really
it killed the franchise for six years
because it's in two years of production
right so but still okay so they killed
it for eight years
I think I think Batman rebounded so much
you can't you can't call it an
unmitigated disaster eight years that's
a relatively short amount of time back
in an era when things weren't being
rebooted literally every two years back
back before they were pumping out a new
franchise movie literally every year at
at the time that eight-year gap that
seemed short sure like us would have
been eight years of rebooting it already
so many years and Len flex its key has a
really good point which is Schumacher
was fired after two movies Schneider
just did his third yeah so who is going
to do more damage time will tell my
friend and yeah we just don't know I
wonder how those Batman I wonder how
those Schumacher Batman movies did hold
on let me go to box office mojo real
quick
box office mojo
Moses left when Batman and Robin was
this last one right yeah
alright let's let's take a look here and
what Batman & Robin has done so Batman
and Robin had a production budget of a
hundred and twenty five million total
worldwide grows to 40 I see me to
worship with the beggars sure so as far
as flopped potential like they're
they're kind of equal as far as as far
as swaps
oh yeah
but now that Studios act a little bit
different towards the tent pole movies
and requires so much foreign I would be
my prediction is that the Snyder one
would be a bigger failure my guess is is
that Warner Brothers wanted this to do
to make to be a tented pole movie yeah
and so I think this will be considered a
bigger failure than Batman and Robin was
is my guess
oh this oh yeah okay I think Justice
League will be a bigger failure we
already know that Batman V Superman was
at least considered by Warner Brothers a
failure
I'm going with one but what says you
chat
Batman and Robin was a better film than
justice leak yep and ultimately it might
be more entertaining is this is fun
Lodge no in Batman and Robin it's bad
yeah Megatron yeah you are incorrect a
Batman is not doing what it is what it
was projected to do overseas so far it
is not doing well outside of the US it's
not doing well in China it is not doing
what they hoped it would do it might
have some legs to it but people were
choosing to see a children's a young
adult in the novel adaptation and Thor 3
again yeah and Thor 3 is on its third
week so people have made their choice
China turnout was very low for Justice
League lower than expected
what do you think it's the blame when
all is lost
Snyder of course well no like whoever
hired knives in to chance to turn or
they gonna blame Johnson they if if they
were ready to blame just they would have
just hired a nobody to come in and
finish it whoever whoever was in charge
whoever made the call to put Snyder in
charge gets the blame
okay well they get to blame in my eyes
they are probably gonna blame Snyder
dude they're gonna roll over on sand and
cherish the new yeah he's you know we
gave we gave the director all the free
reign and he turned out these turds when
in fact it was it was their fault but
Joss Whedon deserves the blame you can
feel a bunch of their influence screwing
with things yeah but they were screwing
with something that was probably gonna
be awful because of Zack Snyder
right see see where we're going with
this
they had a giant turd and Joss was able
to like sew together a different a turn
of a different color the person who gets
the blame is whoever is in charge of
that production but what I'm sure is
going to happen is eventually like
they're gonna they're gonna throw
Schneider under the bus that's what I
would assume which is a shame because of
course they hired him to do a job and he
did the job they hired him to do so you
have to blame whoever hired him Joss
Whedon's biography a turd of a
difference Leonard filled with Comcast
makes good movies he makes a competition
movies if he were in charge of it from
the beginning it would be a very
different story but hey he's gonna get
his Batgirl movie out of this he'll be
fine
he'll be fine I'm sure he's already
signed the paperwork
yeah Snyder's done Schneider is done
with action movies or with big with big
Hollywood action movies my guess is he's
going to do he's gonna try for another
sucker punch he's gonna try for another
smaller budget Rd ish movie and see if
he can redeem himself there stab me
right Chet nice we got the bigger than
the good price
I got food glorious food all we needed
that oh yeah yeah he did
wait what did I hit a wrong button
no you're doing it again why am i doing
it again I don't know Zack isn't a good
director he's a better producer well he
may be he'll stick with that his wife's
a producer maybe it'll just give other
people money to make good movies they're
saying all bad rich they're all bad
let's see here um machete bug says Jack
you mentioned your family goes to the
Bahamas which Island
I'm guessing New Providence Oh oh it did
never I just had so little food to begin
with no sure I like your only thrum I
have a feeling you'd enjoy the more
rustic vibe of the out islands we go to
Nassau there's no there's a tiny little
island off of Nassau called that the
civilized would be better
Jamaica Bahamas wow that's also where
you'll find the most interesting people
so nice it is nice and my family's been
going there for a while so really it's
it's just a it's it's more like a yearly
family reunion where a bunch of people
who I don't get to see very often all
converge and it's great
and it's a lot of fun
let's see here true blue review says
last tip any thoughts or interest in the
announcement of Incredibles food do you
think 14 years is too much of a gap
between movies also can you say super
flight is yours in your super hot voice
super like super flight supe right The
Incredibles is a fantastic film Brad
Bird has in the past shown that he can
make really good movies yes I agree yes
I also know two-handed weapons in
general I always take more hits and I
don't know why these
The Incredibles is a fantastic movie I
don't care how long it's been in between
Incredibles as long as Brad Bird is
making another one yeah yeah he has my
full confidence
it's especially less of an issue in
animation because you don't to worry
about people aging quite as much right
right so no I'm not worried
even though Pixar's track record
recently hasn't been the greatest I'm
sure it's gonna be fine
so no Incredibles too light you know we
just got the little teaser he will keep
sure it's gonna be saw in trouble it
seems more violet best girl what's her
name Sarah Vowell yeah does the voice of
violet a lover she's great the NPR girl
the NPR girl yep just the line appears
you still do that I do I do because what
the fuck else is she gonna do she writes
books
she writes wonderful books rich it's
like I think I've read all of her books
and every time I read one of her books I
fall in love with her all over again
saravana
leave the gun take the cannoli
assassination vacation some great books
snarky historical books yes does Lisa
know about this affair yes yes she does
but you know she indulges me she
indulges me my literary affair she
indulges me my literary affair as long
as she gets to launch the four movies
which is a fair deal I'll take Chris
Hemsworth than any other movies I said
he is but not shirtless and she goes
nope let's just watch Thor again you
know where you stand I'm fine with that
I'm comfortable with that
you know usually in in all the Marvel
movies you have like the one shirtless
shot to prove that your male hero is
super-ripped yeah but you never see you
never see it again in the movie because
that's a really hard thing to maintain
but you say you got your one shot in
thor ragnarok there's an entire
shirtless scene like it lasts like five
minutes so needless to say she wants to
see thor ragnarok again which I'm fine
yeah love ton of beefcake Hemsworth in
Thor Ragnarok
AG mic AG milk I don't know what
vermintide too is rich have you heard of
this yeah so I don't have any plans to
play it only because I don't know what
it is
sorry a ton of what beef k oh I get it
oh it's a warhammer thing then no we
have no plans to play my Warhammer
button left for dead yeah yeah maybe
then a multiplayer guy let's see here
alpaca deathtraps is Jack I blame you
for my new addiction I can't stop
drinking look boy have your next one on
me
thank you a pocket that track I've tried
it I didn't like it that's fair you know
what with what did you try I just plain
okay here's the here's the thing Karen
yeah put some like crystal light mix in
it okay this is great
sure so what I would say is next time
you're at the grocery store they have
little six-packs of like double flavor
packs yeah you know like a grape Cooper
right peach mango whatever pick up one
of those and put it over ice and see how
you feel it might change your life
alright I'm okay with the flavorless as
well but I've become obsessed with all
of the weirdo flavors of Lacroix rich on
anything ever I tried it I didn't like
it um
at least I fucking tried it you did it
hey rich I especially liked how you
tried that new video game super flight
and hated it you were very skeptic I
have this game I think I might want to
play it today nigga I don't know we
probably won't get much out of that if
you want to play it I guess ok I'll give
it a chance yeah yeah cuz you hate
everything that you try for the first
time rich no I
I love Lucroy I was talking to like one
rich tried Mass Effect Andromeda my
fucking obligated to try everything ever
even when things quick Lucroy tips for
anyone who's a big Lacroix drinker
according to some mom groups that I'm a
part of
yes I'm part of mom groups I work from
home so you know I am part of some mom
groups at my school they say that if you
mix Lacroix with a really sweet white
wine it makes for a great rich white
wine spritzer with Laphroaig so it's
like a spritzer but less calories
pretty a pretty great tip pretty great
find not triangle of Mass Effect
Andromeda has very little to do with
Mass Effect Andromeda and everything
yeah Jackie's a stay-at-home mom a lot
of the times yes white wine spritzers
yeah we all do what we can y'all really
can I am the only dude in my mom group
but they accept me for who I am
real mom's drink whiskey Oh listen we we
have our craft beer nights me and my mom
group
what do you think any like what do you
think your parents did when they would
like get together with other parents
they would get together and drink like
that's our mom group started because on
the first day of school we would all get
together in the drink every drop and it
was great
Chuck Fox is rich yeah what the fuck did
you do with kicks Ian he hasn't been
here since you brutalized him live on
stream I miss him he's around commits
Ian made you've reached out and made
sure there were no hard feelings he was
just having fun
they're nice sacrifice that is nice
I don't mr. Newton's fear I don't
understand the question
oh yeah people on chatter Sam can mix
ian was just around yesterday for for
like movie dick stuff so he's still
around as tired and sad says DC is
better suited to have separate films
centered around their characters
avoiding a shared cinematic universe
Batman works better in his own world
away from Superman or Aquaman well and
unfortunately there's no way for us to
know is not whether or not this would
have worked but what probably would have
been a really good testing ground is
like say for example instead of like a
Justice League you do something like a
reverse Justice League where instead of
like having your first movie all your
heroes get together like you have your
first movie where it's just one hero and
you Center on that hero to cut it's you
to give the audience a basis for that
hero and test whether or not they'll
resonate with them now I know that's
there's no way to know if that would
work in a superhero team-up situation
but that's how I think they should
that's that's the joke Pizza dream
that's the drug that's the drug blue
Avadh I'm sorry if I'm mr. Joker I must
focus on equipment and whatnot it was
more for the chat okay he was more for
the chat I'm not trying to no sell your
joke Joe that's all right I didn't know
what was going on it was just the the
comment was about how Justice League
didn't work and they should have done
standalone movies and my joke was well
the comment was they should have been
standalone movies first to see which
character resonated with the audience's
and then brought them together in the
Justice League you know like works like
gangbusters for a different comic book
movie good
thank you hack but even with this crappy
Soylent I'm fighting for everybody twin
daggers I wonder if it's a like if you
take longer to swing with between
bangers just easier to get caught with
your pants down
look at hip mid swing this is a swing so
fast shit readily oh yeah those big guys
hit just three times they're total dicks
I would like to command the movie only
if it was made by CW oh that would be
nice flash this season is really great
I'll tell you my you know I've
completely stopped watching arrow which
everyone agrees is the garbages of the
garbage shows I can't I couldn't get
into it they they crossed a threshold of
ridiculousness where I checked out so I
haven't watched arrow all season but
flash is great the addition of and I'm
forgetting what his what his name is
but the addition of Plastic Man has been
great I forget what a alias they're
using for Plastic Man I did just find a
sword like a nice sword I like using the
swords better but I got these
sacrificial blades and a 125 damage to
Undead which I've been finding a lot of
skeletons sure shit against northerners
though I've also been fighting a lot of
them sure oh I forgot wait this is - I
can change before the battle so yeah I
didn't plan one for a couple days and
I'm completely screwed up yeah
no one knows what his name is but I've
gods based around 500 I want to do into
exploiting their power of the ice hammer
motherfucker yeah big and dumb though it
is yeah then don't use it it is a kind
of miracle the Empire has done their
best to purge this world of everything
strange and wonderful and yet the strong
remain tarot cards so the way this game
works is it's quasi deck building where
every card is an encounter what do you
want to hit here
I usually get those you nailed the last
I know you did a great I know Ralph Dib
knee yes Ralph did me what about Ralph
did me is the name of Plastic Man
they're calling him elongate that's
elongated man it's a different character
same power yeah they call on Plastic Man
well they're they're merging two
different things then if they call him
Ralph didn't if they called Plastic Man
Ralph did me in the show or the who you
think his Plastic Man isn't Plastic Man
but he's in fact just the elongated man
do they have the exact same powers I
think so
I'm not super up on Sunday's obscured DC
character he's Ralph Dib knee in the
flash show and it's lung at it man and
they made it a little joke like they
were talking about what superhero name
and and Barry Allen jokes that they
should call him Plastic Man and they go
haha Plastic Man is living plastic while
elongated man has organs and bones they
do the same fuckin powers the same it's
the same power yeah I get like
technically he does not have a superhero
name at the moment but they joked about
calling him Plastic Man so I guess that
joke was just about the nature of him
having the exact same power set as
another hero elongated man was created
as a knockoff of Plastic Man because
they didn't know the company had the
rights to Plastic Man first of all I
love that I love that they wanted to
just straight-up ripoff a character man
that's I hope that's true that's like
that first is gray like hey we want to
rip off that character but we can't come
Plus okay lung gated man same powers
great and then later they have to have
the most embarrassing meeting ever like
guys why did you make up a new character
with the same
our set is another character we have
that's great that's great that's
glorious I'm trying to think what I
can't think of a plastic man civilian
name I can't think of it maybe Jeff I
don't know tired and sad probably won't
bring that up don't want to get too into
that thank you for the tip they're
saying Patrick L O'Brien L O'Brien okay
Neil O'Brien
this particular dumb weapon is pretty
awesome that's pretty awesome credit
where do works great against skeletons
works great Plastic Man can shape-shift
- elongated man can only stretch oh oh
yeah yeah I guess I just assumed it was
plastic man well Joe Sweden has to say
power so I never really did much with
camping I'm going to look take a look at
camping
okay let's camp cool change that's right
there yep it's right there in camp five
albums I would bring on a desert island
that's a tricky question chat I can tell
you an album that I have been listening
to non-stop recently is of the big moon
love in the you can't change gender from
you really huh
let's just change it up I was gonna play
as the girl avatar how interesting you
think they would like yeah I mean if you
change everything else about the dudes
appearance yeah okay alright well fuck
it it's fine it's fine as this so I've
been listening you can't make out
hairstyles or skin tone from the right
combat menu anyway yeah so as of right
now that's an album that I would bring
on the island with me is the love in the
fourth dimension its if you're in a
girl's centric poppy garage rock get
yourself some big reunion love and the
fourth or a dimension great outlet just
non-stop been on repeat
that and the other thing I've been
listening to and I'm gonna have to is an
album called
EDA giel it did yield the album is
called IDE G AEL and it is one of the
strangest albums I have ever heard
I follow Chris Christie dulu on Twitter
and he eats weeded at it and it sounded
interesting it's like a mix of it's a
mix of like classical oral vocal
absurdists like some Pink Floyd's and
like late Beatles stuff it's it's like
the weirdest mishmash of musical styles
and it's an album that on your first
listen you can't passively oh my god
that hammer is murdering everyone I know
it's an album that you can't passively
listen to like you have to stop and to
only pay attention to it because it's so
fucking weird
I'm happy with that with that oh hey you
got your token the album is called Eva
Gill i de g AE l by jonathan and current
ian awesomes edy gear it is fucking good
it is time well i person in chat who was
asking about it earlier they are you
ever gonna stream dead rising i your
your you're too late I don't I don't
know that I can go there's no reason for
me to go back to dead rising anymore
yeah no other than know just for fun
someday but I've
I've conquered that mountain my friend
Chuck check out check our YouTube
channel there's a multi-part stream the
number of where I tried to do a no death
run of Dead Rising and I have took me
three tries but I eventually did it
starting from level 1 played through the
game did not die rescue it everyone I
could possibly rescue and I got the best
ending yeah I conquered the fuck out of
that game right I can't top a perfect
run literally perfect every side mission
I could do was done yeah I leveled up
from level 1 to level fuckin 50 Jack and
I spit the bad guy to death you spit
there's a bad guy to death yes it was
the best ending there was there is no
there is nothing you can do to perfect
that even going back just for fun rich
would seem like a letdown after that I
think oh I've done this better before
be warned it's it's me playing alone
it's rich solo yeah because Jack was
gonna stick around for how long was it
15 so I'm pretty quiet yeah but I
definitely stream the fuck out of Dead
Rising 1 yeah rich is fairly quiet
during his solo streams so but if I
think like the ending is just out there
somewhere like just him spitting the bad
guy to death if you want to check that
out Ryan that's a triumph right like I
own all right so it's all Tim oh my god
I got it alright hey now is the point of
the stream in which we make sure to
thank all of the people who have
subscribed to us during this very stream
much like VA see who says you are cool
thank you you are cool too AC Ivan Li
says your co-host Jack was stuck in a
roof would you help your no I'm not
doing it I'm sorry I'm not doing it I
get it ma'am uh coffee and flew me dark
maturer for 28 fucking months and a
roses oh hi mark
I understand reference you ain't even
seen the fucking movie and I understand
that reference dark matter no you did
that one Marcus fart smell Edgar Allen
Hope over 16 months in a row since rich
I really enjoyed your art ice carving
skills and the latest half in the back
are you going to start at which creative
channel did you use this Mary's carvings
oh yeah oh I haven't seen it yet because
I haven't seen the misery massive ice
carving Oh muttered czar green for 35
fucking months in a row who says I need
to stay alive and subscribe for another
month I can die happy when I get my
confetti popped in December hey Jay
kiddo eight for twenty six fucking
months in a row says insert reference
here and you know this is double as a
callback my inserted reference would be
oh hi mark
Oh excellent comeback TC Brady one three
three
who says Bert and Ernie I love you guys
tone decimals for 25 fucking months in a
row Thank You Jay RR Lovecraft who says
booyah
does that make me sound old
boo-yeah boo-yeah boo-yeah
okay Booya well 5001 mo mike one two
three four
hi guys question is there a movie that
you like that was generally panned by
audience and critics as a kid I loved
how are the doc sure yeah nice kid I
loved that movie I have been on record
as defending the Angley Hulk movie which
I know has looked back on you know with
unfavorable eyes but I will defend the
angley Hulk movie also I guess the
racketeer might come for me I heard that
many people love that movie I think that
was critically praised though was
appraiser was just kind of the answer I
loved it so I'm okay I'm not a great
metric for that but maybe I'm wrong
about that then so okay I don't know the
anglia the what's another had another
one marketeers widely beloved wasn't at
the time there's the question though
wasn't the racketeer big flop I believe
it was and I could see it being a big
flop be one of those like critics loved
it but everyone else did it yeah okay
okay I had another one but I lost it
sorry but angley's Hulk I think is the
better Hulk movie Jack I'm sorry for
making you forget your other one because
I could talk about The Rocketeer no I
lost it as soon as I got done saying oh
really I lost it before that I can't
even tell you where was that was mo Mike
okay punch back Jack for 30 fucking
months in a row says watching rich sore
in-between and sometimes into rocky
outcrops is very soothing it's great
game glad my pain amuses you super
super flight super flight super flight
log e la p-dog one is who that is la P
dog ok coax Jack says Jack rich just
wanted to say I finally found a new job
hey graduation thank you or nothing
you're good good work cuz I may say
thank you thank you
funny good job no wait wait I take that
back
thank you for finding your job because
you obviously sucked great so what a
prereq while i was looking for a job so
thanks for keeping me entertained you're
welcome Luke Ben who says five months
very cool thanks for the morning stream
the other day Jack I had to fucking read
by horizon to play frozen wilds I have a
good holiday yeah I liked it I haven't
gotten any further into it just because
I've been editing this episode button a
little bit I got to play a frozen Myles
I really enjoyed yellows of flavours as
thank you for streaming we really
appreciate it it's true we really do
yeah in the chat here I have a just an
easy question to ask someone in the
chances if Lucasfilm invited you guys to
a screening of Star Wars the last Jedi
would you go probably of course we would
that would just be a nice thing of
course we would just for the experience
yeah of going out and seeing the where
they make the film red is buttered with
that regret yeah fucking fucking if
Warner Brothers invited me for a
screening of Justice League I'd go cuz
it would be polite
no sure yeah then you have to face them
afterwards that's what I think fucking
sucks thanks for having me be it'd be
great man it'd be great one free movie
worth it that's the least interesting
thing today what do the movie itself
yeah but I bet it's at a cool theater
like maybe it's that like it like a
private screening they like take you on
a like I'm expecting like a tour of the
studio if they're inviting you on there
yeah maybe that'd be fun see this what
I'm saying no I I think no matter who
invites me like I'm going I want to see
the props yeah that's what if you get to
see the Batmobile like yeah yeah
did you hear that and like a flex toll
batarangs on the set that's that's not
what I thought you were gonna bring up
oh yeah apparently on Google Maps
somebody found the Falcon it's just
sitting outside it's just sitting
outside they found it on Google Maps in
the desert somewhere by the Studios in
England no drew TK definitely not a
cèlle
I would tell him if I thought it sucks
but I would go that's not selling out
that's getting a free meal don't look a
gift horse in the mouth
loopy dog loppy that was loppy dog and
we already did that one we are actually
now on yellow is a flavour
okay did we we did in a route cuz they
said the rocky horizon and then they did
thanks for community miss Hunchback Jack
yeah no watching Richards or between
into rocky outcrop sorry Susan okay
never mind we've done that we've done
all this no no no at a glance yeah my
eyes scanned over outcrops and saw
octopus just sitting without thinking
about George okay like I don't remember
reading something about octopus it's
definitely now he must have missed that
I'm with it okay we're back on track so
yellow is a flavor since thanks for
streaming we really appreciate it
huh what I read that you didn't read
that I'm reading that now I read that
before it's true ruining it again I read
that I really read that Oh cuz and then
I broke in with when you're broken yeah
so that was no we're not we're not back
on track at all we were still off track
I so wish I could just hit the end
button
all these perfect opportunities for it
then hit it will come back and waters it
down right now boom and then do it and
we'll come back and finish the names
leave a cusper when Hosmer will come
back to Casper this make any sense for
YouTube will cut it off alright I tell
you this every time
yeah alright alright there's your edit
point joke is ruined it's only ruined
for us now
it'll be saved for people later alright
alright so Casper thank you for
subscribing who said did you know that
Stuart Gordon's Fortress is set in 27
that's nothing
that's nothing remember rob was a Wesley
Snipes
snow wasn't Wesley Snipes it was Russell
Crowe and so virtuosity remember that
one
sure okay who's in that I can take his
name Denzel Denzel and Russell Crowe yes
that the movie came out like 98 set in
the far-off future what was it like 2001
it midden he's got he's kind of cyborg
arm three years the future is gonna be
crazy virtuosity oh man it has been ages
since virtuosity what a terrible name
yeah was virtuosity that probably didn't
do the movie any favors right but just
when it was set and when it was released
I just thought was the biggest fucking
joke of course time cup set in 2004 when
we'll have time-traveling police
officers Van Damme all right we got
Benga bolts in cos he may be mine for 15
months in a row says hey fellas happy
early turkey day gobble gobble
haha turbo Dangerfield's says how much
Jack could a Jack Packard pack if a Jack
Packard could pack Jack Joey Belladonna
man that is a moose no man that man that
is a moose
no man no way that is moose man that is
moose I can citizens man that is moose
says click Oh Owen Thunder guns Sydney
the lawyer says thanks for continuing
the awesome stream guys have a great
Thanksgiving holiday thank you you're
welcome
all that stuff all that stuff the ghost
of Nick MC Lucas for 41 motherfucking
months in a row says hashtag free doom
it up
hashtag thoughts and prayers hashtag
because I disposed of doom it up the
doom it up a moan to make room for more
remotes irresponsible badger yellow
contendere G shots for 38 motherfucking
months in a row
who says hi rich Jack as always really
enjoyed the stream thanks for more than
3 years of quality entertainment 5:30
skeptic says thanks for all the
entertainment guys welcome to do what we
can Magnus PU for thirty four fucking
months in a row do be sandwich says my
muscles ow
ache for every word ow I type right out
well I
ow well I hope my body heals by next
month ow I just want to say ow thank you
for entertaining us as much as usual
what the fuck I think that's impressive
that you were able to meet that
cohesively
gutter Punk 13 Jack Lamont
says great job guys welcome Samuel
winters who says hey guys thanks for the
years of great entertainment prereq and
Harlem keep me going wanted to ask what
address to I send copies of vampire
assassin to Lola let me look up the
address to our local dump facility the
Milwaukee dump
set it to our p.o box it's on the
website it's about the very bottom of
the rlm website so many days after that
episode when top they just all came in
it like once terrible yeah terrible yeah
death John for 12 months in a row farmer
Phipps Euler's number for 16 months in a
row I hope Shawn for twenty six fucking
months in a row and Shawn says I don't
normally like watching you play games
you dislike but I listened to your Final
Fantasy 7 stream while I was waiting for
my plane today and just wanted to say
rich has a cool family thank you it it
was I we we need it we need Aaron back
just to delve a little issue like she
started giving us information way too
late into the stream doctoral thesis is
on on video game iconography what's what
do you - oh yeah I just I just wrote I
just wrote and you know my master's
degree on religious imagery and video
games what she lives out of the country
so I wasn't hold the breath I know it's
not gonna happen soon but I have some
follow-up questions as I guess what I'm
saying
Fabio thrustin
blame it on bud gonzo the great sub
sonic Bell who says my Xmas wish is for
a new Neil brain the best of the worst
Wilkins the clown for thirty four
fucking months in a row ah dr. Gunther
hunter anchor for twenty four fucking
months in a row says two years of fun
with you human widow with you humans
let's not make a big deal out of it
fuck off to the next one thank you
doctor go to image anger fire hawk 12
says just ice my league you get it now
why I would be ice carving oh my god and
giant robot zero Jesus Christ is that
the joke you ended up
