Jul 12, 2017
Watchmen: The End is Nigh
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/164525722
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/164530210
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JdBUbvOc_kE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9NL1ZFijffw
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/885209871683121152

[Part I]
is your bitter Jack it's not your bitter
it's not a bitter thing you know like
there was it there was a fun
back-and-forth between me and J M on the
Twitter's the other day where you know
like it just so happens or no we were
surprised that they didn't release
another one on Sunday yeah yeah yeah
we're uh they're gonna upload this as
soon as we start streaming and you know
we were we're watching Bo TW yeah go
away free reg right stop stop streaming
prereq we were kind of playfully joking
that they do it right when we started on
Sunday and apparently they waited for
today to do that which is fine
so you know listen we're here you guys
finish it you guys found me you know
just come back whenever you're ready
well you were just here he's gonna start
playing wait until we've had time to
finish the work of course yeah yeah the
wheel looks great doesn't it thank you
thank you like it looks great in real
life but even more sit like it looks
great on camera better than I thought
really pops really pops I think I think
the one criticism out have is I'd love
to see it higher let's see it raised up
awesome different but the hard part was
you know the wheel and the spinning
functionality and the flapper yeah yeah
no I think I think in future episodes
I'd love to see it just like kind of you
know like chest-high dish ma'am yeah cuz
you know like there's a lot of bending
over there's a lot of awkward camera
angles so I'd love to see it like you
know we love wheel of fortune stuff
anyway
today's us it's Wednesday it's Wednesday
we're gonna play the end is nigh I have
an important question rich do I skip the
cutscenes no why would you skip the
cutscenes right for those who don't know
the end is nigh is the new game by
Edmund McMillen
and rich Evans voices Ashe the main
cares
bizarrely bizarre watch people stream
this earlier and it's a little bit weird
to hear your voice hey I was involved
with that I'm just hanging up lurking
and watching your stream yeah yeah
and so yeah a lot of people were asking
if we were planning on doing a episode
about this and yeah no mostly no we're
too close
I'm Ithaca yes for a friend of the show
former prereq guest and friend of the
show edmund mcmillen who we've been
working with not only through that I cut
together the gameplay trailer that you
see on the store page and all that fun
stuff so let's play let's play the game
I've played a little bit I put it a
little bit to my favorite games here we
have classic controls that you're
jumping you got going left and right and
like always in these games avoid the
spikes
Oh oh no no no no no no no I'll fuck oh
fuck oh god no this can't be broke here
let me get out oh no it's still not
working
oh fuck fuck what am I gonna do
fine work rich it's acceptable work fine
work dear anybody reading this I'm
probably dead
that wouldn't be surprising everybody
else's there was some kind of apocalypse
and all that was left was me well most
of it all at all no hasn't been so bad
till yesterday my favorite game
cartridge finally broke nothing I'm
gonna go out and make a friend I have to
go out there outside it's a dangerous
twisted
death mostly you know what imagine all
the fun we'll have me and my friend you
know collecting tumors spinning teeth
for distance you don't do it right
you're populating the world this won't
be easy but I have nothing left to lose
except my other eye
how long buggin
it is very strange the character of ash
is a let's player and we're plent we're
streaming this let's we're let's playing
this and you're the boy and your voice
is in front of your voice it's we've we
haven't we have invented a hypothetical
fifth wall whoa
you gotta click over back on the game
whoo see you hopping around you're
collecting shit when you get that one up
there I don't know yet I can only assume
at some point there's power-ups or a way
to get down or a way to get down yeah
there's a lot of there's a lot of
secretiy areas to this but you know it's
pretty standard you know you're not
gonna talk to the ghost I'm not gonna
tell all the skeletons I'm not gonna
talk to Elvis kontin's cuz I know all
the shit already
people don't huh people to the end oh
they don't care about what the skeletons
say they just want to see the game okay
but I wasn't dead I used to hang off
corners and stuff just like hanging out
get it
please don't die alright see look you
can hang out for a little spike things
people get people what's going on yes
you already missed my voiceover maybe we
can get some more rich can you plate
this instead so we can enjoy the story
you're not that much doing right you
guys saw the cutscene you know the
important part oh shit oh shit
you know the important part the
important part is that we're going we're
going out to make a friend I gotta get
the tumors do you have to I feel a need
to get the tumors yes something
different happen if you don't what's the
incentive other than just you want to
collect things in games that's a great
question and I will show we'll get we'll
get to that point soon I will show you
why it's important it unlocks things
it unlocks things
we're finally fucking made it I suppose
we'll see we'll see if Edwin never talks
to us again I have my doubts oh you did
fine work fine work you did fine fine
work
it's just binding of Super Meat Boy keep
right you know a lot of similar art
styles and a lot of similar themes you
fucked up
yeah there's a lot of there's a lot of
you know Gish
how many sandwiches that I give Jack for
my work in this game you have the joy
and pleasure of working with a personal
hero of yours I you know I did have that
but I'm also taking a cut so that's what
about one of the main reasons I agreed
that though what because I knew what you
wanted to do this I did I appreciate
that
I appreciate that I knew the score I
would have tried to have talked about
him like no this this this is much
better you can do than me
you know yeah
welcome go back for a second
I got that too there anything up there
yeah yeah I do better I got that up top
like up through we can get the spikes on
the Left Oh trying it over there I got
the tumor already right I know but I
there might be more than the tumor
how much time did you can actually spend
recording for this won't even you'd
probably think for as little as there
probably is but you want to get things
right and then sometimes you get to
think yes see that a mega tumor oh I
mean it probably took us one like in
total spread out across a couple weeks
five days yeah we work like a lot of
hundreds and hundreds a day though right
right I'd say I would say that we put in
approximately five half days hmm
you think that's an it sounds about
right yeah yeah
this Edvin stopping in for tonight's
stream not that we not that we know cuz
he's probably sleeping spend ages
working on a game and comes out you're
probably just a crash Oh both Edmond and
Tyler I'm sure are just I already saw
like Tyler was putting out some hot
fixes today they had some bugs game devs
work is never done
I didn't get that tumor down there you
go oh I've gotten that one before oh my
god they're secret walls
I'll know I'm down here I play this for
a bit I did not get hung up on I'm
collecting all the things oh yeah I was
just mostly just getting through the
rooms sure I like collecting all the
things save go through the door and save
don't save save your collection or I
could just do it good what did you find
tumor that falls what triggers it nope
okay I think you need to hit all three
on that first one
oh close jack close nope
the camera is like right in my way over
there's a hole we can get this no you
can't like you can't just grab the tumor
you also have to get out is the problem
can you actually die in this game or is
it basically consequence-free it's
basically consequence-free as you're
clearly seeing the you know the you get
nine thousand four hundred and seventy
two lives is that it yeah that's it it
shows its secret it's kind of like a
gotcha
okay which is the expert Ian at me
I might not get this one because you
know we want to keep moving forward
right all the pro streamers streaming
this game they be getting all the stuff
well of course they're getting all the
stuff I'm not a pro streamer
I don't got delete strats I'm just I'm
just the whole you know was saving I'm
just killing time until we can talk
about spider-man dammit it was good
right back yeah I almost got too much
time there jack it's a problem getting
too good at killing nope
getting too good at killing time there's
a lot of stuff we can talk about like we
can talk about the the first round ah
first round the first round of the great
twitch versus YouTube experiment yeah
Friday the 13th just to give the half in
the bag and I open it to give the half
in the bag an extra day I spent some
time and I uploaded it to twitch okay
because you know we kept we talked about
good all you did because you know we've
talked about doing that as an experiment
before like uploading it to twitch to
see how the numbers were would be
right
oh I see what I have to do can't do it
now
Wow if you fucked up well I'm sure I
could get back can you restart can you
like hit start and go to the first area
in this yeah level McGee
oh I'm hanging on the side I thought I'd
died look there's this there's a little
spike up there I see that right yeah
nope I think if you want about it the
wrong way I think you have to go through
the other side and then come back I
think that's the appropriate way to do
it
Oh or the way I just did it it's really
happening
the Ascension is real I've paid my
attendance I've been forgiven I can see
like you Jer see a white light you see a
foot
something about a fingernail I'm feeling
feelings again this is finally over
goodbye cruel world
all right
nope
yes my voice is actually in the game
it's in the cutscenes yeah really hard
to get that tumors like super hard you
get paid edition you paid me yeah ah ah
that tumor is super hard to get you get
the tumor yeah sure give me the
controller I'll get the dam too much
yeah well yeah yeah I'll get that damn
tumor damn it
night calm yeah I gotta get to too much
okay so the great twitch versus YouTube
experiments yeah has yielded some
interesting results from the first round
yeah so I decided what I decided to do
was release it on twitch a day a day
early like so you know any and an email
went out so anyone who's a twitch
subscriber to us got an email a day
before everyone else right
and obviously like the numbers don't
even compare oh right because you know
we have far more your subscribers than
we do twitch subscribers but it's still
interesting yeah I got the tomb are you
happy I am I am happy about that
I'm happy you made the correct choice
yes that's what's interesting about the
results so we're at about we're at
around three thousand views on Twitter
yeah and you know now it's been up for a
few days but like after the first like
ten hours of it being on YouTube we were
over thirty thousand died walk backwards
can you get up in that top area now or
is it just not going to happen
almost jack that's the way to do it
though oh shit
apparently there's this area though like
get the thing good the thing oh there's
the thing over later right what was that
you missed a thing well I know I was I
was wondering what that thing was that's
the exit that's the
what do you think you tried nope could
just be a visual fluff I don't know it's
hard to say
nope what what was wrong with spider-man
homecoming well I'm not gonna talk about
spoilers just yet while there might be
some minor issues I have with it in
general I really loved it so yeah me too
well yeah we can get in it we'll get
into that later in the stream we'll sit
we'll do one of those you know from now
on you know talk spoilers yeah but
that'll be later that'll be later in the
stream
gobbly gook says looks rich read
question mark go for the eyes boom I was
an adventurer like you then I took an
arrow in the knee
that wasn't came from the moon it's time
to kick ass shoot bubblegum and I'm all
out of gum there's a number of things
they wanted me to read those are those
are fine those are all fine things just
to say and read oh it was an adventure
like a Laura took an arrow to the night
Oh see look you're you're a natural
video game voice actor was it come from
the moon a dead
that's a moon wizard it's one of them
that's one of the na moon wizards
hello secrets
hello secrets
nope rich Evans the Troy Baker of video
games rather than being Kenny Baker a
video games what nice fine
nice gonna live yeah but it's I know I
know
oh there we go did it I did it
okay so yeah the the interesting thing
about the twitch YouTube experiment so
like obviously the numbers are super
less on twitch because we don't have as
big of a fan base and of course you know
this episode came out much later because
we didn't even start playing the game
until well after it was out yeah so you
know like this is just one this is just
kind of one Pete you know like one
sample right
there's gotta be more to this I'll get
up there quicker to get up that top area
be my guess I think so
we know it's too late they're not unique
you all right give me give me give me
yeah yeah I think you're gonna I got a
grab on to the side and do one of those
super dupe jump sync you are absolutely
correct
Oh Jack you almost had it I was at it
the one positive I'm the one positive oh
I will note as I much prefer the twitch
chat oh that should have had it maybe
I'm wrong if there's nothing up there
but that's too suspicious Jack right can
you get up there even earlier you seem
like you're waiting before it comes down
and screen a bit well you know like if
you if you jumped oh good kills you well
oh no you'd smell his spikes yeah now
I'm just messing up
like you need some fall momentum before
you can oh yeah yeah yeah I'm just
waiting now I'm just waiting a little
bit
ah boom Oh what is that
that's cart oh that's one of them of our
video games how do you do this how do
you get oh the clouds oh I messed up
I think there's another secret down
there but get the cart first
and
encases momentum
yeah play it on your home console nice I
think I see tiny spikes down there those
friend up here though
probably rich the ghost friend rich what
video game adaptation of a movie do you
want to play Super Mario Brothers yeah
tell me that wouldn't be trippy what
video game adaptation of a movie do you
want to play Super Mario Brothers you
want to play a game based off of the
movie yes Mario Brothers I love it
with John Leguizamo and Bob Hoskins I
love it
so like 3d action game not like a Mario
game
shit
that'd be great I love it oh my god
richest Mario and Jack is Luigi the
world makes so much sense now physically
cooks it's kind of true Jack stall and
earnest and I'm fat kind of a jerk
Mario is kind of a jerk I mean compared
to Luigi absolutely absolutely
this jerk who gets all the credit back
oh so oh you know what I'm almost done
talking about twitch and stuff
it's witch versus YouTube I like to be
twitch chats a lot more than then I
prefer than the youtube comment system
yeah because the twitch chat is like
they kept on calling it like
asymmetrical or or no a asynchronous
chat okay where what if you type
something in chat while you're watching
a video it shows up at that point in the
video so like 15 minutes in oh that's
when I noticed it is you were talking
about unbalanced multiplayer in that
quote yeah what is that called when it's
like unbalanced multiplayer and in the
chat people are people are saying um
asymmetrical multiply and I was like oh
oh they knew the answer to that oh great
like you know without having to scroll
through the comment the comment showed
up when it needed interesting
interesting and so I really liked the
live chat feel so you leave a comment as
the video plays and it saves that it
saves the timestamp when you leave to
comment and it pops up a timestamp huh
and I really enjoyed that about the
video you know twitch has some shit oh
shit the twitch player has some issues
for me
nope nope nope so how the hell are you
supposed to get that one it's a great
question I don't know I mean I don't
even have a theoretical way to do it I
have to like jump from you have to stay
on this big thing you know and get it
from underneath yeah
that yeah you did it you fill the
possible moment
ha ha ha so in any case the the
experiments yielded some nope you know
there's some interesting results you
know part of which we knew already which
is we have a much larger fan base on
YouTube yep which obviously that's the
case but there's some room here for
experimentation and I think for at least
the time being I'm going to try to time
being I'm going to try to time being I'm
going to try to time being I'm going to
try
do a a similar thing where we release
like a day early
yeah twitch just for all of our twitch
subscribers and people seem to genuinely
enjoy watching it they're taking me to
one on that first one
no no margin for error jack I noticed
that it's not not a very forgiving game
I noticed that and anonymous says has
anyone really been far even as dedicated
to use even go want to do look more like
wow anonymous says rich just wanted to
say fine craftsmanship on the new wheel
that thing that things is beautiful
I give it 18 months before Mike's
sensitive place that might be fun right
right someone has to mod this if it has
your character yo oh fuck when you die I
lobbied for it mildly I knew I knew it
would never work because you died too
often right and so like every time you
die you hear rich go oh fuck oh fuck oh
fuck oh fuck that would get old
incredible and ER stand up
I've done this already look at that
Oh Oh you know what I remember this one
but I did it wrong
Hey
area
but I still do it wrong you sealed it
around you got to get up there
Oh
anonymous says Jack Jack what are your
favorite after effect after effects
plugins and scripts
oh so many that I use constantly plugins
plugins and scripts plugins and scripts
you know mocha import is kind of like
the obvious answer because for a lot of
things I do I use mocha and mocha is a
planar tracker so it can you know like
that's how you stick stuff on to other
stuff and make it look realistic mm-hmm
is you
rich when you did the voice overs they
give you wines or you got some room for
improvisation also we tweaked we were we
were given that leeway yeah there's also
some alternate takes that I don't know
if we're used or not but you need
patience strats now go back out see this
is where you're going wrong we don't
have the patience trance I have no
patience I think actually was that what
you were trying to do no I I was trying
to like trigger them all go back and
jump them all up I want but you just
needed to trigger the last one is what
you needed yeah if you look at the
during that during that little intro
section where rich starts blowing on the
game to fix it yeah that was an improv
yep fairly easy one yeah so yeah here's
now how you can go back a guy first how
do you play the card is that back end oh
yeah I think I can do that now oh yeah
I hire over 300 300 must be blood dead
must be fresh feed be yeah okay we can
play more - man look surprisingly like
the normal game a lot of ways I know
you're okay with that
huh you're okay with that that one
that's not gonna drive you nuts if you
look I only have eight lives and so I'm
I'm going to be okay with it because I
just wanted to kind of see the end of it
sometimes you gotta yeah see this is
what I was worried about
noop noop noop
rich I'm curious as to what your
thoughts are on deism and people who say
well there has to be some sort of
creator I disagree with them but it's a
free country and they can believe
whatever they want look it's it's less
obnoxious then this is my Scripture and
my beliefs and you have to follow my
beliefs it's far less annoying than that
it's not really annoying at all actually
deism I don't care what is the ism you
just wanna but we don't believe in any
specific faith like a Christian I'm a
Muslim just as a god this is this
creative it's very it's extremely vague
all right I believe that's something
that's deism okay okay supposedly a lot
of the founding fathers fall into that
category I have heard sure I have heard
that Thomas Jefferson had his own
version of the Bible with anything
supernatural kind of edited out of it he
does that's yeah that's a real thing
that's a real thing the that is actually
there is a you game there is there is
question on whether you know like a lot
of people take that as
a lot of people take that as the fact
that he was not a Christian though other
things point to the fact that he was a
pretty devout Christian he just oh the
camera yeah but he also subscribed to
the separation of church and state so he
actually created the game so even though
he was a Christian yes that he he
advocated for keeping religion out of
American politics so much so that that's
what led to his creation of the but
because he's also like a believer that
the Bible brought him morality yeah and
so he's like well what if we can do that
without all the hocus pocus yeah just
the stories yeah but he was a devout
Christian a lot of people confuse that
Bible for the fact that he wasn't a
Christian but I still think it's it's
interesting that he did that because he
was such a strong believer in the
separation of church and state which
I've I owe a blow which I think is the
big takeaway but a that's just me
fuck you fuck you
gobbledegook says fuck you that's not
what God look exact you got access I am
considering spending $2,000 on a
Kickstarter project for a Russian game
company to make an in-game creature for
me in their game is this a sound
investment no rich what animal would you
choose and a human I would choose a
human right as far as whether that's how
how reliable do these Russian dev seem
never have they done anything else you
want to make sure you're eventually
gonna get something out of your money
and when you say it's gonna be an
in-game creature like how does that
resemble you then how about you know I
think he's gonna name it after you
that's an important question I think I
didn't try to make it look like you've
been given monster horns they're gonna
they're probably gonna do it as quickly
and cheaply as possible which means
taking a pre-existing monster giving it
a funny hat and naming a gobbledy sore
ah the gobble to soar
classic gobbledy sore
I've balanced I read your previous tip I
said all of the things I read that one
and I got you got another one coming up
but well I'll get I'll get to that one
Joerg abundance is rich just launch the
latest we live the summer how does it
feel to be the Robert Oppenheimer of
internet-based movie review shows did
you have your destroyer of worlds moment
yet well see when the wheel actually
destroys a world until then it's all
theoretical
cheese or tomato sauce for your
breadsticks breadsticks can be just fine
plain but I would I'm probably given the
two choices take cheese don't you get
like cheese sticks and then dunk them in
the tomato sauce no like a marinara no
we're getting cheese sticks I don't need
the murder that's just a distraction
from the things and that are good sure
obviously you need to get hooked on that
nail of course or get hooked on phonics
Reading Is Fundamental you're doing it
jack you're doing it oh look at that bud
be that friend or foe oh they're gonna
make you do it twice they're gonna make
you do it twice what I mean first time
you're gonna brush up against that rock
to disintegrate it and then you're gonna
have to go through to actually get
through to your left
oh I see you know what there's a hook on
that one there is a hook yeah yeah I
missed that
take it easy take it easy nope it's
alright I'm sorry I'm sorry
oh fuck the hell fuck
we can do this gobbledygook says Kappa
gooks I received a recommendation from
Amazon to buy the US Constitution a
graphic novel a graphic novel are you
familiar with this are any of your fans
familiar tell me your thoughts and
reactions to this please I'm funny I you
know what I have in my house is the the
graphic novelization of the book of
Genesis by by our crumb oh yeah well
that's that's got to be sarcastic as
hell then no no it's a very literal like
translation see see a belief or event
insane no horrible man no no he's not a
believer he just felt like doing it he's
he's an insane person
oh yeah and so he fuck you it's just
something he felt like doing and so he
tried to make it as accurate as possible
and it's beautiful it's just it's just
something you slide against the left
side on your way down oh my god you
totally saved you step sometimes rich
are you familiar with the brick
Testament the brick the brick Testament
I am not familiar with somebody somebody
did the kind of like a graphical novel a
graphic novel version of the Bible okay
with Legos that's great uh-huh it's the
most adorable thing
that's it that's it
tell we get for that one of us one of us
gobble gobble gobble
what's that from what's that from No
one of us one of it's from something and
I don't remember what yeah what's that
from one of us one of us gobble gobble
go freaks okay
freaks wait the movie about a freak show
or no is that freak show
now freaks freaks is the movie about the
sideshow freak yeah with the one who
wasn't Keanu Reeves from Bill & Ted's
Excellent Adventure what's his fucking
name yeah yeah the blond one the blond
one that guy that guy Alex winter thank
you Oh way that's freaked that's that's
freaked I don't know which one freaks is
that freaks is the old black and white
about like the actual sideshow freak
yeah okay okay that that sounds right I
think I think on stream Jay and I had
the exact same misunderstanding but
opposite where he was talking about the
Alex winter movie and I was talking
about the black and white wait when did
this happen with what this happened on
stream like
come on fuck you game freak's is the one
from 1932 yeah yes this is one of the
creators of Super Meat Boy yes this is
the Macmillan Edmund who did art
direction for Super Meat Boy and Tommy
were faint refines is the guy who did I
hate these trampolines like you have to
hit the jump button at just the right
time can you hold the jump button now oh
my god you can just hold the jump off
because I don't remember having a lot of
problems with that oh I've had so many
problems with that so yeah Edmund did
our direction and I think he did some
level design too and then Tommy refines
did programming fuck you this is Edmund
and Tyler I'm going to forget his last
name Tyler something
and then Tyler's worked with Edmond
before another step I believe
but watch me not know Kevin TGB says
just wanted to thank you guys for the
great content over the years humor is a
special gift and rlm helped me in eight
the rlm helped me in tough times
thank you thank you question what for
you guys is your greatest joys in this
work rlm or prereq I enjoy filling best
of the worst
that's the month watch some movies with
your friends and makes jokes that's
equally the most fun because I don't
have to edit that yeah I'm sure Jam Mike
Brown we hate it right
Oh
like I loved previously recorded and I
love just you know I have an excuse to
play video games for work Jack you're a
super meatboy fan right
I am super me but how does this game
stack up it's different is what it is
the though the secrets the secrets are
need like the hidden pathways that are
all over the place and that's that's the
thing where it's like the see you cannot
beat and in full fare I'll fuck you in
full fairness this game does not beat
these super tight controls of Super Meat
Boy
Super Meat Boy controls like no other
platformer I have played it's amazing
and the you know the wall slide of Super
Meat Boy is something out of this world
but the exploration just the and and and
the demanding the punishing accuracy of
this game is something very different
Super Meat Boy has a little wiggle room
as far as getting through level this
this is deadly accurate so yeah they're
just slightly different games in the
same genre that looks like the
speedrunning strata
right there right
I've done it before
nonsense
what do you think of the Mandela effect
the phenomenon where it's discovered
that a well-known fact has apparently
changed for a large group of people
eg remembering Berenstein bears as Baron
Stein berenstain bears is Berenstein or
Stein or however I I think the Mandela
effect is people with very organic and
and unreliable brains freaking out and
not wanting to believe it when that
brain has inaccurate information that
you know there is some there is some
debate on whether the Mandela effect is
a real phenomenon Baron Baron lap yeah I
looked into this after we had our
conversation you believe that all people
have memories from an alternate reality
that's the Mandela effect are you
thinking of something else
the Minette the Mandela effect his
people wholeheartedly remembering
something from the past that didn't
exist but the Mandela
what happened differently or happened
differently but there was something what
what did I see on the Mandela fact that
that was like even like the way people
think of the Mandela effect is actually
wrong there was a thing out of night now
yeah yeah and you know what I won't say
anything more on it because I don't
remember because I don't remember her
ironically enough where it's like
there's no effect and it's just like
people who are mistaken like but that's
not what the magic what I said no but
that's not what that's not what the
Mandela effect is though the Mandela
effect isn't people being mistaken no
it's people believing they're not
mistaken because reality has changed
around them this is this is some this is
some nut old talk the Mandela affected I
believe it has its roots and some kind
of new agey website sure well most
people remember Nelson Mandela dying in
prison so therefore that must be what
really happened and the spiritual
alignment caused us to be in a different
dimension or have its memories from a
different dimension
that's the Mandela effect and it's just
people miss remembering shit right
people can't even find their fucking car
keys Berenstain is fairly uncommon name
Berenstein less so it's not a shock a
lot of people think it was the
Berenstein bears the berenstain bears
right you know right after you and I you
and I had a conversation about the
Mandela effect during the filming of our
during the filming of our demolition man
review mm-hmm and right afterwards I
started looking into the Mandela fact
cuz I had never heard of it before then
and I remember coming across something
that's like people are even
misinterpreting what the Mandela effect
is shet I've remembered as Berenstein
bears that's how I remembered it but I
can acknowledge that my brain isn't a
perfect machine that remembers
everything with 100% clarity right
fuck fuck
just like the Thomas festival yeah I was
100% sure that was in samurai cop I was
sure it was positive well to be fair
that was a you know got similar actors
you got similar situations fuck you game
you can do it I can do it I can do it I
can't do it
not amis sense what is your favorite
sketch comedy show of all time
kids an all 90 Python the kids in the
hall might be second cousin oh that's
that's my Samson
cuz in the hall is it alright I mean
there's then there's a ton of great
sketch comedy shows I hate the world
right now Saturday Night Live was good
in the Phil Hartman years Phil Hartman
and Dana Carvey before he was joke
Michael Myers sure sure
Chris Farley Mike Myers Mike Myers
Michael Myers as a whole yeah I know I
know I know
though he's probably called Michael and
it's entirely accurate to call him
Michael Myers that's not what he goes by
yes I mean but if you say Michael Myers
a lot of people laugh wouldn't you love
to see him on Saturday Night Live
Michael Myers you know I think he would
be a kind of dry you know I think there
is there's a lot of good from a lot of
seasons only recently something funny
about rich Evans when was it when the
Canadians were over yeah we spent a
large amount of time just watching
Lonely Island sketches from Saturday
Night Live because you had never seen
them before and obviously for a very
long time those digital shorts are what
made Saturday Night Live worth watching
are you should try and go under it
instead of over it that hasn't worked in
the past now you tried yeah but what has
worked is if I jump and go around to the
left right now and then get here and
then get here oh you did a check Oh can
you make it up over like over over now
that you don't have to worry about
collecting the tumor and there's no
pressure I can't imagine that I can jump
that high but we'll give it a give her a
shot
no I can't do that
Gallagher says last night I saw the
house with Amy Poehler great movie if
you like Parks and Rec and Casino and
painful attempts at SNL coming for the
flick
I saw a trailer for Hugh Jackman as PT
Barnum clown review question mark dollar
sign dollar sign why a clown review meet
a review of clown no a clown reviewing a
movie about a famous circus P yeah yeah
rich rich rich rich
it seemed kind of random the cloud part
the clown part seemed random PT Barnum
is a famous clown advocate what it made
sense make sense to me
you know probably not I have heard bad
things about the house Amy Poehler yeah
Will Ferrell I'm gonna be down with a PT
Barnum from them
oh yeah yeah you know any good biopic as
long as good subject matter
I'm not a masseuse hey y'all I first
time first time long time and that was
curious what's going on in the story and
what part did rich take in the game this
is some kind of post-apocalyptic
wasteland you are the lone survivor ash
and I play that part
I am I am the lead character in the game
and his video game breaks his favorite
video game so he decides he's going to
go out and literally make a friend by
building it out of parts but he has to
go outside to get the parts and outside
is very dangerous I am you'll hear my
voice in the cutscenes which is not that
much of relative to gameplay so right
you heard me at the start of the stream
I I doubt you'll be hearing me again
we'll see how good Jack is how far can
check get I don't know if I've you know
cuz when not when I played the game when
we first got it I didn't the cutscenes
weren't in yet so I don't know yeah I
know things are well based on context
cues I believe the next one would be
when you collect all of the parts right
but I don't know so does Jack still hate
cutscenes of riches in them I jokingly
asked that before him yes if I should
skip the cutscenes hey
in general I still hate cutscenes
obviously you know I can be a little
biased towards these or I will allow
these cutscenes to be played Jack in
this game tour is just rich it's just
rich just rich I did I did some other
work before the game I recorded rich
there was a tomb where you pass by I
don't peep you done your on getting all
the Timbers well yeah because nothing
now we're concerned about the network
all right if that's what you want that's
what I want yeah my only concern is the
next customer no there will be no prereq
on this game absolutely not
oh no we're way too close to it it would
be a pre record to even be questionable
even if rigidity wasn't doing the voice
because we leave talk to Ed because we
should talk to Ed and we've got you know
like we talked to him about his game he
was you know giving us some insights and
so yeah because we've had at the show I
I think it might be hard to objectively
review the game
what game is rich doing voiceover
question mark question mark this one
we're playing it this is the game
this is the game it's called the end is
nigh and rich says the voice for it and
if I can get far enough you might
actually hear that voice again
you heard it wants the beginning of the
stream I mean you always hear like
Rich's voice that's not you damn well
know what I mean
don't get goofy on me no don't get goofy
on me fella no guaranties rich shit no
traffic
you just don't go up on the right side
you stayed up don't go up on the right
side once you're in there you hide in
that alcove and then you jump on top
right
oh yeah no but if you want the tumour
yeah you have to get inside yeah no so
when you get inside right now
stay in there trust me okay
whole system
I thought you were trying to get the
tours anyway yes there I don't
necessarily want the tumors but there's
there
pick pick one nope all right as soon as
you get to the bottom just go left well
soon as you get back to the bottom when
it comes back around to there go left
oh sure sure yeah and then I can either
wait for it to come around again or just
go off the screen and back on then we
set it that almost seems like a cheese
this is your call you know you should
even collect the tumors I'm sorry you
want let's get to the game quick and
that click oh no I'm gonna collect the
tumors now I've changed my mind it's
right there it seems so easy to get
game chair view cases rich it was
awesome to play with you again on f13
toxic player base but still addicting to
play honestly will send space cops leave
with stamped address envelope for
autograph considered Jason X review with
Jack or Jane well that's a consider a
review about it but it's not gonna be at
the top of the line
a review of Jason X no not at the top of
line and that would have to be J yeah
yeah oh yeah yeah 100%
like J is jeiza is the Friday the 13th
guy like the the dick move that game
child UK was referencing this randomly
he ended up in the same lobbyist me
while playing Friday the 13th okay
during that game I had the keys and the
gas and I was heading towards the Carson
home I got the keys and the gas
everybody I'm coming and the guy who was
playing is Tommy with the shotgun
threatened to shoot me really yeah I
guess he wanted to drive well I mean let
me get the gas in then then I can give
you the keys and then I didn't give him
the keys and I got in the car and then
he tried to shoot me what I was in the
car and it didn't work he crawled in the
car anyway with everyone else I couldn't
stop him yeah and that right before the
exit he started screaming about how he
wanted to get out and still blow me out
I just said shut up and I kept driving
good
yeah good what a dick what an absolute
dickhead
yeah
cuz I could tell he was gonna be a dick
now give me the keys yeah no I'm not
yeah we could just shoot you and take
them well hold on oh let me let me get
the gas in all right all right I'm gonna
help I'm in the car
then I heard the shot gun go off when I
was getting in the car yeah yeah we
tried he tried
what a dick some dicks
found you two more
Caucasian Gary says rich I remember you
mentioning your fondness of the original
1989 MechWarrior I'm interested in
playing it myself and I saw there was an
SNES version are you familiar if so how
do they compare I think I've played this
this one I think and it's not the same
thing hardly at all I mean in a general
sense it's the same thing where you
pilot big robots and shoot things but
it's it's a completely different game
and I'm not sure how well the average
person would think MechWarrior aged I'm
still quite fond of it sure but I'm very
fond of the nonlinear way they handled
the story where it was like 100% an
option like you know you can go you can
hang out at the bar and try and track
down the leads which will give you a
clue on the next star system or you just
ignore all that shit and here's so I'm
gonna hire from my mercenary business
and we're gonna just I'm gonna be a
mercenary pirate
Plus MechWarrior one very easy to cheese
oh yeah but I played it a fair amount
take the smaller more maneuverable Mex
and then just run around quicker than
the AI and their big mechs and you shoot
their legs off
so give your teammates the big guns but
you just run around and take out take
out legs
because I'd I could be remembering it
wrong but I I don't remember that even
we did follow the story I'm MechWarrior
I don't remember it leading you by the
nose you're gonna a hint on what is the
star system that sounds like this is
where you gotta go next ensure it wasn't
like here's the arrow
dude that's where you go here's the
arrow dude dude the missionary group you
all looking for has been hanging out in
this area
just take a lot of missions in that area
maybe over I remember it being like that
okay this water is polluted
rich what happens if someone sits on the
wheel well the pentacon where they're
sitting it probably still spins just
fine
that wheels pretty Dern sturdy the lazy
susan that I got for it rated up til
something like a thousand pounds so I
could sit on it yeah well I wanted
something wide you know I didn't want to
balance the whole wheel on this little
tiny lazy susans and the only one they
had that was any kind of decent size at
all it's like rated for a thousand
pounds sure not done yeah
which over engineers everything it's
better than uh over engineering
something is better than under
engineering it sometimes
anonymous since were you one of the many
channels to receive a free copy of house
party in the hopes that you would stream
it it's an adult 3d game that's on Steam
and I couldn't believe so many people
played it I've never even heard of it
let alone been offered a copy and we get
offered games every once in a while we
were not offered a copy of house party I
can tell you that everyone - I'll get an
email from like a publicist or something
yeah cuz then hey your honor you're on
our list of streamers who have like
decent audiences and whatnot if you want
to copy this game let me know and you
know tell me if you're gonna stream it
yeah but we have not I've never I've
also never heard of house party so
yonder yonder sir speaking of
misremembering I remember it's pleading
to Jack log giving two bucks extra so
you can play Duke Rimouski but Jack
seems to not remember it so who knows
what actually happened no I bought it I
bought it you motherfucker
I bought it but it's a point-and-click
adventure game okay and it's not it's I
put it on the list of games to play if
we ever get bored we're playing this
because where this is the game that
riches in I know it just came out today
and it's the game that riches in so
final riches in people don't give a shit
I know and you know that's my problem
which I know they don't yeah I'm still
here yelling out
but
Galaga says
hey Jack I'm Jack I remember you talking
about Milwaukee rapper juice box
juice box on stream the other day that's
true
imagine my surprise when they played him
on my local indie radio station batter
Meinhof or coincidence uh he has a new
album coming out and so he's doing a big
push right now and he just got signed to
a big record label so yeah and I was
filming him as part of his tour to
promote the new album so like kind of
coincidence you know kind of you know
that's just the way the way it is but
did you hear freaking out too I assume
that's his new song is freaking out yeah
for what's the name of his album is uh
all-american loser he is he is a
self-deprecating motherfucker I entered
in flashing that was a good idea I later
build I built he didn't flash
a lot of assets I've been binge-watching
a series called game fiction and there's
an episode about a developer suing a
modder from making their character naked
what are your thoughts on this legal
gray area that sounds insane that you
should sue somebody for making a mod can
you what's the what's the legal argument
what are they claiming right what is
this violating can you sue someone for
making a mod I don't know interesting I
mean I guess like just just on my
limited knowledge of copyright you could
be you could be there could be a what do
you call it when you devalue like
there's a devaluation claim like you
know what if he presents this as
something for my game it takes away the
perceived value of my property I guess
that's bullshit I did I mean I don't get
it but you know I also don't know much
about copyrights so you got it like in a
way that didn't matter at all because
you were dead I got it I got it for real
I don't they need to go like that
nope I'm noticing that just go Goff
screen and save the tumor
there's controversy when oblivion came
off because nude mods made the ESRB give
it a higher rating that's kind of
bullshit
interesting sure that's kind of bullshit
but it's like that's interesting is what
it is is because like Vee SRB says you
know this game is able to have a mature
rating that's that's every game you're
gonna have a Mario nude bot if you
really wanted to do it
jet make it happen
fat plumber running around with his cock
swinging around yes I love it if Mario
like an unusually large dong and dong
physics let's chat we need donkeys we
need you to give Mario an X M rating by
the ers B we need dong physics whichever
one of you can make dong physics on
Mario happen jumping on the goombas and
just gonna boom it would be funny if it
was well yeah yeah like just slightly
behind Juarez oh and you know what for
super mario world when he when he starts
his little cape run you could have it
like waggling behind him like a tail
yeah like it's caught between his legs
cuz it's so huge I love it yeah when you
get the P speed and it's flopping around
behind you yeah yeah I love it
someone make it happen please when when
you when you rescue peach the end yeah I
see that out of the corner of my eye and
I love it
NSF wiki this is rich mama first
XCOM to play through and just got psyops
really late in the game and they're so
good I want I want to try a Hard
difficulty next time how early do you
usually try to get them I don't rush
sigh yeah yeah it's been a while since
I've played I know I'm I know I'm
usually not in a hurry and I think
typically I get them fairly late I I do
well enough with just the other classes
and then by the time you need them but
this time you need a PSYOP it's it's
already late game
and I don't know that you ever need them
but they're there they're great utility
characters we're good for causing large
enemies for a turn or so yeah sure I'm
gonna we're gonna put that drop link
what they're called those big bro but
the 80209 guys stay yeah oh yeah those
guys are great why is my brain drawing a
blank
unlike one of the most classic XCOM
enemies because you've been playing too
much fun
possibly oh my god
I'm so gonna get Alzheimer's good up
sector five Thank You chat yeah it's
good to have something I can put a
sector pod in stasis in an emergency
situation
ed-209 you can't tell me that at least
the older less so and XCOM too but like
the classic sector pod doesn't look like
edy 209 maybe you don't know what edy
209 is that's the the chicken walking
robot thing from Robocop let's shoot the
board member in the beginning of the
movie I'm gonna I'm gonna go out on a
limb and say if they're part of our chat
they probably know it at Jul 9 is no
can't make assumptions Jack I can and I
will goddamn it
that you just made an assumption about
me making assumptions right I did hope
got to a new place rich is not far off
from only making right turns forever
that's know what hop skip and a jump hop
skip and a jump is that something people
with Alzheimer's do
only make returns it's something from
the last best of the worst or the newest
best of the worst I should say the real
the worst yep which is an episode of
best of the worst yes it is it's best
the worst wheel the worst you are
correct it's not like they're two
different shows they kind of are two
different channels I know how please how
different for you we watch different
movies this is it isn't it is it a
different show when we do horror movies
as opposed to action movies wheel the
wheel is a sub set of best of the world
it's a gimmick show it's a gimmick
episode with in another show yeah it is
its own show I don't know how the hell
you do this
that oh that is a I thought that was all
poison on the left okay I think I got it
let's see what cart I found
I found river city ransom this
oh it seems to be very similar yeah yeah
I get it
these music
this is punishing game child you cases
rich
you're a good Samaritan leaving Keys
knife and spray before you escaped on
the boat I usually take a four-seater
drive and not stop for anyone haha game
is pure Darwinism when it comes to
survival I get you know here's you know
my counter argument to that is let's say
let's you know like what you're saying
is Darwinism like survival of the
fittest yeah but what you're not taking
into account is replayability what rich
is doing is sowing the seeds of giving
right so let's say there's a new player
okay and that new player comes down the
road and Jason is right on their ass and
they run across a baseball bat right
near the exit that Rick dropped earlier
they're gonna grab it they're gonna
whack Jason with that they're gonna
escape and then they'll they're gonna
think next time I play I'm gonna drop
shit right by the exit - and it goes on
and on until you are benefited by
someone else's charity think about that
dump a bad shit huh that's fine that's
fine
I get it I get it this game looks more
difficult than meatboy it yeah it is it
is by the way it is it is punishing a
beleaguered says from seeing rich play
old Wolfenstein I decided to replay
baldur's gate from Bioware got the
enhanced edition on Steam to compare to
GOG much better should bethesda give
doom slash wolf similar treatment no
doom and Wolfenstein moreso doom has so
much going on with like source ports
that it's it's completely unnecessary
gzb gzdoom or doomsday or any of the
doom source ports I have already updated
doom and kick up the the resolution and
all all this shit they've added with
mods and whatnot completely redundant
I guess Wolfenstein has like a source
port that's that's decent but really
most most Wolfenstein modding has been
just porting it over to the doom engine
but something I'm gonna play when it's
done on streaming this kind of amazing
looking fan made Wolfenstein series of
levels yeah
and well it looks like there's more to
come yet they're not done so I don't
want to get into it but it looks
fantastic
cool Wolfenstein blade of agony first of
all great name it looks like they've
gone all out with like NPCs
what
rich what is your opinion on Danny
Elfman's score for spider-man the most
unmemorable thing I've ever heard my
entire fucking life
he took his he took his Batman theme and
he stripped it of any kind of character
and then he called it a wholly new and
original work that did not fit
spider-man as a character at all it's
it's god-awful it it's bland asst I
would like to disagree with you
what is memorable about the Sam Raimi
spider-man theme music so so I was like
I would like to disagree okay but I
honestly can't remember that spider-man
thing yeah sorry like I had a whole
large egg bit I had a whole thing going
thing going thing going thing going
I'm now consciously trying to remember
the spider-man theme there's nothing
memorable about it it sounds just like
the Batman score it doesn't especially
fit spider-man well I don't remember it
like it's it's the Batman score without
the memorable parts I would like I would
like to disagree with you but I am
unable to
now I'm not only in the intro there you
should hear me a few times throughout
the game when it was before right
totally cut saying this with babe no
five five five I want to say I want to
say five but I could be wrong
I think there are five cutscenes that
you are in but I also could be
incredibly wrong we should play a game
before the stream is over on on YouTube
called is this from Danny Elfman's
spider-man or Danny Elfman's Batman
movies okay I think I can win that game
I think I'd like to believe in my
ability to win that game we're gonna
play that game before the stream is over
you pick it and I have to guess if it's
from spider-man or Batman son of a bitch
I can do that I feel like I can do that
I like I would like to think that as
soon as I hear that spider-man theme I
will recognize it immediately I'm not
talking about just main things like
obviously Danny Elfman's main theme for
Batman is extremely memorable of course
I'm just talking about general stuff's
going on music does that score in
general right right
thus the spider-man main theme sounds
like generic shit from the Batman films
I I don't write okay I remember it being
good I just can't remember it
I remember really digging this vitamin Q
I remember really digging the spider-man
theme
I know there's it's it is now I know
that it is now both incredibly
fashionable - I'll come on - to hate on
the tobe spider-man's because that we
have a good spider-man you can say it's
fashionable
I've always been oh oh I know you always
happen but I also know it's it is
incredibly fashionable to hate on
homecoming in favor of the Tobey Maguire
spider-man and I like listen I will
defend the Tobey Maguire spider-man but
I still think homecoming is overall
better okay just as a general point of
reference for where I am
whoo that was challenging ghosts do they
kill me probably
do they kill me or can I jump on
they kill me okay great yeah
totally kill me so how do I get across
oak there's clouds I see the clouds
clouds you can jump on these clouds
oh they see oh oh oh we're learning
things
Oh I said you got to I think I think you
should save your tumor first yeah I
always save your tumor
I see it that's tricky
which loves aliens and horner reuse much
of his own music for that score alright
it's less it's less than it's reuse does
I don't think it's reused it just
stylistically it's it's not it's it's
the same style as the bathroom music and
they're very different characters to be
fair Elfman has a particular sound like
one of the Simpsons theme you tell me
this man doesn't have the capability to
have variety oh no he has he has the
capability you tell me he's not
versatile wangle Boingo The Simpsons
Batman that I said he has a style okay
which is true like you can tell when
it's an elf rim score boom did you see
that that was amazing
I'm the best at everything ever except
for this guy's fucking shit
you've never Jesus Christ rich you've
never been my rock all caps somebody is
Eileen somebody highly agitated somebody
is an Elfman or someone has a spider-man
theme fan that I have dared to say that
Elfman's work on spider-man was just
kind of fucking lazy slapped together
and not memorable I'm gonna disagree
with you even though technically
speaking I can not currently remember
the spider-man
distr says have you guys ever played
battle kid for the NES the homebrew made
in 2010 that plays similar to this game
also I want to brag a bit because I know
the dev for it and my name is in the
credits what battle kid for the NES I've
heard of that I've never seen it well
it's a homebrew game so it's made to run
on the nest but it's not an old-school
actual game from back in the day ok I
want to say I've heard that I've heard
that I have also heard the name but it
don't know anything fuck you game
rich what is your opinion on the 90s
animated spider-man show I remember not
being super fond of it I didn't watch
much of it though
so you know that was and you know I'm a
bit younger than rich so that was my
first you know big spider-man thing I
say like that was say that was during
the Clone Saga and I just totally
stepped away from spider-man for a while
during that oh yeah in the comics yeah
that was the Clone Saga yeah yeah that
was my first that was like one of my
first forays into so you still have not
watched spectacular spider-man listen
there's a lot of things to watch rich
there's just a lot of things to watch a
huge spider-man fan yeah huge spider-man
fan you don't mind cartoons no I'm
always looking for stuff to watch my
kids and it's the absolute best
spider-man cartoon of all the time and
you won't watch it it's not that I won't
want watch it rich I generally speaking
when it's TV time yeah before me I will
try to watch something you know that's
on my list of things to watch and spider
is spectacular spider-man is on my list
of things to watch but it is certainly
not high up there because there's so
many fucking things gets it so right so
amazingly right I
I'm sure it does I would much rather
spend that time watching you know what
like you know what I watched the other
day or that I finally got around to not
is doomed the untold story of Roger
Corman's Fantastic Four which is on my
list of things to watch forever right
yeah and basically what you're doing is
you're building up this spectacular
spider-man is like the best thing and
I'm gonna watching that yeah so maybe
I'll get to it maybe I won't all right
how about that it's your business Jack
your business and you know I like the
nineties ones I like the ultimate
spider-man I thought that was a good
show I might have seen the spectacular
spider-man but it's just not a
it's not a it got bad ultimate
spider-man got bad thanks a while they
got really cheap with the animation they
got really cheap with the animation
oh fuck you Oh God
darn it the game is making me go through
a lot to get it to get a car to rich
chap that's a good one yeah
Doctor Doom a dub says rich right Jackie
10 page essay about spectacular
spider-man yeah that would convince me
thank you check I'm not denying that it
would be a fine spider-man I'm just you
know free time is a luxury you can watch
this with your damn kids you can watch
this with your kids yeah but like you
know they usually like want to watch
other shit and they watch all timid
spider-man yeah back in the back when it
was on sure alright alright as fine
Oh game fuck you game so I watched
doomed yeah the untold story of Roger
Corman's Fantastic Four not the greatest
documentary in the world yeah like like
what do they do or not do they interview
of all of the main casts and the
director and the editor and Roger Corman
and they kind of lay out what happened
and and it's it's interesting there are
some there are some really good bits to
it like you know they talk about the the
early process like the actors and and
all of their theories on why this this
happened you know the why the movie
happened and why they spent so much
money to make the movie one really they
just needed to be in production to hold
on to the right yes right and the the
interesting theory about that is it was
a it was a hustle yeah it wasn't just a
hustle to hold on to the rights it was a
hustle that like he hustled them to he
threatened them he being who
specifically the the guy who had the
rights was the he was part of a
production company called so-called
German holding company or she was yeah
yeah that one and it's learning to make
it clean we're talking about like Roger
Corman no oh no not Roger Corman thought
he was making a movie yeah everyone
making the movie thought they were
making a movie and it more importantly
this was the largest budgeted Roger
Corman movie to date really at at over a
million dollars this was the this was
the biggest production that had come out
of Roger Corman studio so the director
the editor the costume people all of the
actors were like this could be my big
break yeah and so everyone put their
heart and fucking soul into this super
cheesy movie because at the time
you had was for Marvel movies was the
Captain America movie and the Punisher
movie with Dolph Lundgren and the
biggest Marvel property at the time was
the Incredible Hulk TV show yeah so by
those standards what they were making
was really good yeah but this was post
1989 Batman by that step right right but
this is marvel that like it was
different in their hand and you know
remember the movies that they were
making work harness or yeah
so by karna source standards oh sure
sure again so like you had all these
people who were also like really big
comic book fans and so they're pouring
their heart and soul into it so they
really made it but here was the scam the
scam was Marvel was trying to get the
movie rights back because Chris Columbus
was a huge the director Chris Columbus
yeah was a huge Fantastic Four fan and
wanted to bring it over to Fox and the
producer the guy who owned this holding
company knew that releasing Corbin's
Fantastic Four would devalue the
franchise yeah and so the reason why he
made the whole movie instead of just
throwing a couple thousand dollars to be
in production was to blackmail them to
say you can buy the rights for a lot
more than it's worth
and I won't ever release this movie
which is this yummiest thing in the
world where eina and that's what they
did yeah so then they bought the rights
that which so they owned the movie so
they bought the movie in all right and
it was a total scumbag move here's the
other the the only interesting part but
that's all theory right they don't do
anything to connect that Edmund has
tweeted us have you Edmund heavy are you
talking about this I'll play for a bit
okay yeah so we got some game going on
Edmund probably tweeted me because I
kept saying fuck you game oh no I fucked
up bad oh yeh did oh you're not used to
that all they're know if you fall there
you go all the way back down that's what
happened to me last Oh No
yep which one is the is the stick to
walls
I've been tweeted at us maybe just about
us I don't know someone saying we got a
tweet I don't know how to tweets work do
you get tweets I don't I don't see any
admin tweets at us is it tweet something
you do to someone else you I mean both
are they just kind of for everyone I
don't see any tweet from Edmund Ashe
hello he tweeted about us streaming oh
okay great so yeah anyone who hears me
to say fuck you game know that that's
just part of difficult platformers okay
so Roger Corman yeah the Fantastic Four
here is the really fascinating bit so
everyone working on the movie who you
know a lot of these people were part of
Roger Corman's stable of like sheep Oh
director editor actors right yeah
they all saw this as their
stepping-stone hey we if we can make
this movie work a movie that's gonna be
shown in theaters right how do we do
this well fucking opera that's the
question
this would this would do amazing things
for our career and so the only reason oh
no oh oh we got saved yeah for that one
you can't do a Ledge jump you need to
jump up
easy every time got it easy every time
Jack great it oh I can't die them how
long no you can die tonight Frank at the
cart the cart you can die at the car I
can die after that just not tumors I'm
up then Roger Corman dude give everyone
their 7 but so here's the interesting
part the only reason why you and I know
about the Fantastic Four is because the
actor who played mr. fantastic and the
actor who played Ben Grimm used their
own money for the publicity tour because
they were so convinced that this was
going to catapult their career yeah yeah
they sunk their own money into Comic Con
appearances and radio spots and
traveling the country and doing all of
this press to get people hyped about the
movie which works it worked so well that
it made the scam of of this producer
extra viable like look people are
excited to see this Roger Corman movie
you better pay me or else people are
gonna see it
right it's shameful but so the actors
sunk their own money into this publicity
campaign and and that just makes it
extra sad overall the documentary wasn't
the greatest in the world but it's worth
it's worth 20 minutes of talking about
it for this I mean yeah basically paid
for itself
wowthat's yeah it does it does and you
know like the actors talk about it
they're like listen you know it you know
as far as we knew that was the right
call to make and you know obviously we
know we know better now but you know I
still would have done it like I because
that's what I that's what I thought you
know we thought we thought we were gonna
that was our big break as actors and
luckily they've all like been working
since then you know that wasn't their
only gig
I remember seeing the trailer and BHS
say oh yeah yeah oh yeah goes let's kill
you
I thought the guys snuck in and stole
the print they tried to steal the print
so so like the only reason we all know
about it is because of the the actors
going on a publicity tool tour the only
reason we saw it is because the director
he tried to go in to steal the actual
film print but he could not get the
actual film print he had a like a not
mastered work copy interesting that he
got duplicated and he thinks he says
he's not the person that that passes it
passed it around he thinks one of the
duplicators duplicated an extra copy for
themselves and that's how the print that
everyone has seen now got out but the
print that everyone has seen is not the
high quality master film print right so
we've speculated on whether or not the
effects are even done Oh actually that
you know what maybe you know what maybe
the documentary is a little better than
then I'm letting on because they
actually go into why the effects are so
crappy they they initially hired a guy
who said what movie did you say it
worked on Independence Day or something
oh yeah and and as it turns out he was
like an artist for that movie but not
necessarily an animator
and so he promised a whole bunch of
effects that he could not deliver on and
all of the effects that we see were done
in a very short amount of time basically
as a favor just to get them something to
work with until they could get better
effects but then of course there was no
right way when just tuning in because of
the Edmond tweet we're talking about the
unreleased 1990s Fantastic Four movie
that's true words are lovely Roger
Corman Fantastic Four movie and the
subsequent documentary doomed
the untold story of Roger Corman's
Fantastic Four which if you can get
yourself a bootleg of the Fantastic Four
movie
oh Jesus Rachel if you can get yourself
a copy of Roger Corman's Fantastic Four
I'm kind of convincing myself that the
documentary is worth a watch because
it's it's pretty fantastic
but yeah I mean I guess it's like it's
not super fantastic just because it like
it's mostly just interviews like it's
mostly just talking head interviews but
oh you can watch a whole movie on
YouTube Jack equals hypocrite
sometimes my opinion is is wavering
because it's given me so much to talk
about so I'm now rethinking my initial
like a documentary that's a good but
it's still kind of not so good but it's
kind of interesting yeah whatever shut
up
great did Jack just advocate pirating a
movie
no no I did not run everyone knew you
were a fucking hypocrite I did not
advocate pirating amazing fucking
fucking hypocrite this parts gonna kill
me for a thousand years I advocate I
advocate watching I advocate watching a
movie that needs to be recognized
because the filmmakers were screwed out
of out of out of people seeing their
work so I'm advocating liberating this
piece of art rich that's very different
you're advocating stealing very
different liberating that what's the
difference in context here that folks
the whole world is gray yep black and
white is alive that's true
Fox does own the rights to Corman's
Fantastic Four and my guess is we will
never ever see it why at this point why
what are they what are they making off
of that franchise that that that flopped
recently yeah what they're not doing
anything else with it they're probably
not gonna do anything else but for a
while you can make a little bit of money
releasing some kind of blu-ray of that
just for the novelty I can only a man
like the movie that never should have
been right I should totally release that
now my guess is for them to take the
work print remaster it in some sort of
viewable fashion would just would cost
enough money where they wouldn't think
they'd get their money back right if you
were to say bundle it with something
like doomed like a giant documentary
maybe even beefed up the documentary a
little bit more that could be a oh wait
I think I've got
I've got nothing it's like at this point
cinematically yeah it's impossible to
devalue the fantastic nope I thought
that might go to the screen under wow
it's impossible to devalue the Fantastic
Four
any more than it's already been right
because the fan force thing is a fan for
snack yeah Fanta for stick yeah Fanta
for stick just killed it just killed the
entire franchise for a long time oh and
then with Marvel dropping the books or D
D prioritizing I believe is there their
attorney I don't blame them right
they're not making any money from it
look these movies are the only thing
keeping the comic books afloat yep and
if they're not able to make Fantastic
Four movie it's not in their best
interest to keep the boat going no the
comic books the comic books right now
are workshops for their movies they get
to they get to spend a couple years
refining a character are you figuring
out what story arcs work and then you
take that crunch it down into a script
and you got yourself a nice movie it's
it makes perfect sense how do we get
this tumor my guess is you need to
bounce on the bird you have to jump on
the bird horse how do we get the bird in
the right position oh you probably if I
have to start from down there wait till
the birds over there jump on the bird's
head and then jump back on the bird's
head so like from down there when the
bird flies over there you jump on his
head over there there's probably
multiple bird jump heads happening or
you can say fuck it thank ref fuckin no
one would think any less of you stand
alone Silver Surfer movie dr. doom would
be nice silver surfers way too weird
yeah way too weird
you it's it's possible you could do like
a if you were to roll the Fantastic Four
into the Marvel Cinematic Universe you
could probably do something very Captain
America s where they were heroes back in
the day and I and they travel through a
time vortex why would you do that
because like there's their whole shtick
is like they're lonely olds well but not
just that like kind of old-school
sixties Family Values you know like you
know very patriarchal and whatnot so I
think their shtick is a little out of
place in modern time are they I think
reading is like borderline neglectful
because he's always know that's like a
thing that's character trait I know but
that's also kind of old-school father
that's why I laugh you you make the
movie about the fact that it's kind of a
dysfunctional family sure sure
oh oh look at that
they're so they're so sixties there so
there's there they're fucking Leave It
to Beaver and everything about trying to
to modernize them as a problem what
you're not even thinking about trying
them you're not even thinking about
trying them you're not even thinking
about trying them you're not even
thinking about

[Part II]
all right what's wrong why aren't you
plumbing
oh good I was worried for a second it
didn't say oh yeah hey JP v / JP vs. the
world that's what I will say is that
they share stylistic elements they are
they are but you have to concede that
they are here's the thing they're
similar should Batman and spider-man
music be sharing stylistic aspects
both or well if you're gonna ask me what
theme is more appropriate for what a
hero I think it's actually I think it's
more like iconic music aside that that
theme is probably more appropriate for
spider-man because it's a little more
play it's also kind of gothic and
soulful that's more like the meat of the
difference comes in it because like that
theme is so predominant in Batman and
Batman's like the Gothic elements really
come come to the front where because
they those elements are background
spider-man it makes a little more sense
what that thing I watch the thing
women do and get only you know one think
I know how to do how about you quit
being a scrub in theater
let's see here comeback seen 120 says
hey guys just wanted to say hey and just
got Friday the 13th and I love it yeah
but it is very good yeah I review was
honest literally that was 45 minutes of
us talking as all the thing let's play
sometimes cool ok welcome back soon yeah
you know our steamed friends list is
usually pretty full but we will see if
we can get you in there Jack please play
more I will try it I like that is the
game that I want to play that is the
game that I want to play
Oh Oh which way what needs to be done
money - banana I'll tab me over there
even it's like bored of us window you
just move over definitely oh yeah
okay the you you turned the jest upon
you I turned it back down though maybe
not as far down as it was I got there we
go there you go okay
Friday 13th review is 20 minutes of 20
minutes of Jason kills there was a lot
well because that was the that's a cool
part of the the game in the movies way
better okay great I pay attention to you
guys in chat when you tell me stuff
let's see here where was I did you just
call me blob says hey guys
cockadoodledoo anyone who has seen the
fantastic new best of the worst will
know what that means you should pitch
the Stalin a plan as the basis of the
next Planet of the Apes reboot now on a
plan is an actual thing what is this
solemn eight play he wanted to breed a
woman with a chimpanzee to create a
hybrid man monkey army what he tried to
cross me breed trick chimps or some kind
of ape and humans this is a real thing
supposedly that's incredible that's nuts
that's nuts
or brilliant that's Stalin Jack he was
thinking outside the box the points for
creativity I guess come on James
The man just fended off a fucking Nazi invasion
he had shit in his plate and then and
then it comes to the pitch meeting and
all he's got his monkey man stronger
than a human not quite as bright and all
the gun pointing shoot works for bananas
oh yeah yeah James head Oh friend James
it says hey guys I just jumped online
did you notice that Jack laughs twice in
the streaming audio in the intro of the
game whoopsie
Jack what how could you the intro of the
game we didn't edit together we gave
that the head there were some bits there
were some bits that you know we edited
like the the like the okay all of the
cutscenes we edited together but the
intro bit where were Ash is playing the
video game the audio for the cutscene
specifically yeah the audio for the
cutscene you know it was a little
nebulous and it was a little freeform
and so I just gave all of that audio
over to Edmund to edit so that's on him
that's I'm throwing him right under the
bus is I guess what I'm saying yes nice
jump
but now I want to replay the intro just
to hear me laugh let's see here I edited
that out of the trailer but it popped
back into the game
oh well there you go pass the buck
absolutely I'll pass the buck oh hey we
recorded that specifically for the intro
for the for the trailer yep the trailer
yeah you already got that one why I came
back cuz I had to go around to get a
solo
oh yeah yeah collect all the things
great great
well James thanks for getting that out
of the trailer we appreciate that
alright where where we anonymous says
hey guys great night for new game rich
Evans yes that is my name you've gotten
that correct sir
so the real on all our brains so the
real on all our brains I'm with you so
far so the the I'm just reading because
it's a little off kilter the Rios sorry
the wheat real question on all our brain
is what does jack in the wack pack think
of this
I must profess this talk acting is real
a plus is the game plant former I'm
going to assume English as your seventh
language
yeah I'll give you the benefit of the
doubt there I have no idea what you're
asking I think they want to know what
you think of this cuz you're the meat
boy guy I have okay I know and I like
this this it's it's very different than
meatboy though is what and and by
different I mean a fuck ton more hard
I've been enjoying it you might be
asking of what I thought about rich
Evans is voice acting which I was here
to record and it's terrible but I think
that about everything I do right I was
here to record and and I think it works
great you know we got you know you know
what I'll say the difference between
this and Meat Boy knows yeah
Meat Boy is definitely more reflux e
right yes this is more puzzling oh yeah
there you go
how do I get over there right how do I
get to that tumor yeah meat boy Meat Boy
is all twitch yeah pretty fundamental
difference I think let your feet let
your fingers be your guts and go with me
boy this yeah this is let's actually
look at the level for a little bit I can
maybe I can bounce off of a dam nope oh
wow you jumped right into that cuz it
was dumb yeah cuz yeah well there you go
well there you go dr. Smoketree says hey
guys
update on my legal battle lawyer is
working on an offer but I'll probably
have to do 30 days in local jail
weekends and a few years probation
thanks for the distraction from reality
I think dr. smoke trees had a drug
violation yeah that's that much out
there I don't know Harold no they said
that last time
all right that's a bet and no offense to
dr. smoke trees but your name is dr. mow
trees so I don't want it like jump to a
conclusion but I think that's a I think
that's a and I want to say last tip they
said that's what they said
doctor's no creasing yeah I'm sorry man
like you know well both rich and I I
believe agree wholeheartedly on the
legalization yeah of that and so that's
a bum rap man that's a bum rap
I had a buddy once we have to do that
whole like weekends in jail fans that's
weird I didn't know that was a thing oh
yeah yeah it's a it's a very real thing
and it's it's almost it's it's kind of
like a form of house arrest yeah whereas
today you got to come in and check in
and spend your weekends here but they do
that so you know you can like still have
a job and stuff it's kinda it's like
half jail like yeah I did something bad
but it's not that bad so just like half
jail what I think about half jail
let's see you're now who says how much
do I need to tip you guys to play
geoguessr on stream $500 do we want to
know what geoguessr is first it's
probably a smartphone
Oh God don't fuck up now though I fucked
up now
let's explore the world what is this
what is this I don't know
can't say that well I'm doing something
else that expect me to know what you're
talking about
okay so what happens is oh man I'm not
even close what happens is you get a
random Google Maps Street View a
completely random Google Maps Street
View so you know you can look 360
degrees around you yeah at a location
and you have to guess where in the world
it is huh five hundred dollars I all
agree it doesn't seem like that would
hold our interest for that long
nope what I wanted to make sure before
we agreed to play it is like it didn't
like start you off at your location oh
you know lean add tu-144 has an
important question that I actually I
would like an answer to rich do you like
anything about the same rating spider
babies I don't hate them I'm nowhere
near in love with them I don't know the
first half of the first ones fun oh all
of the like discovery power yeah yeah
power stuff sure sure and then I kind of
check out told me the wire sucks the
music sucks Sam Raimi's got a fine style
it's not spider-man it's not what I
think of you know and and I I will
defend the Sam Raimi spider-man news I
think they're fine movies I will say as
soon as the Green Goblin gets in his
outfit yeah it's over you know it gets a
little I roll a they made a did you see
like the prototype for yeah for like the
the mask like the creature man yes that
would've been an awesome that would have
been amazing tell me where so was sucked
up well I think Toby did a fine job
he's blahs help he did he did the job he
was supposed to do no he didn't because
spider-man like his personality those
jokes yeah he was a happy-go-lucky nerd
that's the I'm a nerd did you know I'm a
nerd uh he was that's what he was
playing it's great let's see here
crocodile brain says hey guys have to be
honest I ended up returning the Friday
the 13th on PC as I was killed by
expletive spewing fuckheads my very
first run as Jason yeah I think it's
just more fun to watch you guys play
that's totally fair crocodile brain it
there's not a lot of variety the user
base kind of sucks and it's glitchy as
hell there are many reasons not to like
Friday the 13th the game obviously like
it works for rich and I and you know but
it's totally understandable if it
doesn't work for you totally
understandable
oh that's fine that that would time here
right that's true like team throw Lord
says Andrew Garfield wasn't Peter Parker
me because that wasn't in her right
well Andrew Garfield was like the
opposite end of the spectrum
Tommy Maguire was a stock nerd yeah he
was a stereotypical nerd he was I don't
know an Andrew Garfield was just a
mannequin with cool hair Tom Holland is
an awkward nerdy kid Tom Howard nails it
yes he is Tom Holland is great no I
haven't I haven't seen any of Neil
Blomkamp's new shorts have you seen
anything else on YouTube I haven't seen
a lot of things in my life yeah
I said we've been streaming for three
hours is this going into being a six
hour stream no three hours
has it been that long gosh we've been
three of screaming about three hours
let's see here uh dildo not or Dylan not
DeLong this is Jack since you like
Silicon Valley and video editing I think
you'll enjoyed the 90s rom-com parody
trailer Sleepless in Silicon Valley that
I cut where did you go that I cut
together last week tweeting it at you
now okay I'll check it out I will check
that out this time it's lupus says hey
guys no spoilers just watch the new
wheel Episode one of the funniest I have
seen use $20 - thank you for all the
lakhs
you've given me and those to come yeah
the way the wheel came out right before
we started streaming cuz you know cuz
that's just that's just going to be a
running gag now I'm more upset be good
like I wasn't there for that episode and
I just kind of want to see it and now I
have to wait to
yep
like epic Jason I will I will 100%
defend the Sam Raimi's spider-man films
I think they were for the time they were
the best we had and if were the only you
had huh they were the only you had and
they also set the bar for superhero
movies look they're not nowhere near as
bad as the amazing spider-man chill oh
right well those are garbage right and
up until spider-man homecoming
spider-man 2 was the best example of the
spider-man comics on film as it dealt
more with Peter Parker's personal life
and you know like the struggle of being
spider-man versus being Peter Parker
then Spiderman homecoming came around
and knocks it out of the fucking Park
yeah
but spider-man 2 I think is a fantastic
movie even though there are some logic
flaws visa vie the whole losing his
powers because he doesn't want to be
spider-man of spider-man 2 but in any
case
I made Doc Ock not a villain yes they
made he was actually a good guy he can't
help it they made him complex they gave
him a Baxter wasn't that really nice to
get to know your villain before he
turned into a villain cuz motives for
being evil are the accident happened
it's not my fault just something wrong
with my brain
that's his motivation yeah well that's
not really his mother his motivate his
motivation is the inhibitor unlocks his
ego right okay okay he's a villain
because he he was right my experiment
would have worked my experiment must
have worked while all my calculations
were correct it was spider-man I mean
the the arms unlocked that part of his
brain but you know he was an interesting
villain because we knew who he was
before he was a bad guy the same could
be said about spider-man
without giving away any spoilers is the
kind of understood the care
is there a quick fall button is that
what this yeah no dog boy we're not
doing spider-man spoilers yet we will in
just a little bit we're just about
hitting that point where we're ready for
spider-man spoilers but we're gonna get
a few get through a few more tips first
and then we will go full on spider-man
homecoming talk
let's see where are we crane head crisis
hey here's some money even though rich
doesn't need it since he's getting those
sweet the end is nigh royalty checks
absolutely absolutely
brown Adam Sandler says as a brown
jokester I too appreciated the big sick
in that vein is there any smaller movie
that you're excited about I'm excited to
see lucky or Logan lucky son Berg's
redneck Ocean's eleven movie that looks
interesting that looks interesting you
know and there's still a ton of smaller
movies that I need to catch up on I'm
trying to think there's that ghost story
one that's supposed to be interesting
with a guy like in the in the Sheep oh
oh you can just break through that
oh I think you can talk to the other guy
one of them Willoughby and probably by
now right what if it was one of them was
like 30 the first one we saw was 300 I
think right
well I was number four go to the menu go
to the map menu or wait right here right
here as well
a ghost story and it's Casey Affleck
okay I heard good thing about it I heard
good things about it I don't you know I
don't know fuck that
what I got fuck
I know is that a thing over there look
on the other side of that where the
bottom bullet hitch what is that thing I
don't even know if it is a thing no it's
not anything
oh oh oh there's a secret they're rich
that's a breakable block you have to get
out secrets oh there's no we're just you
know we're very lucky we have a couple
we have three solid independent movie
theaters in Milwaukee we have we have
the Oriental the Avalon and the land
Mara the downer so we have three pretty
solid independent movie theaters here in
Milwaukee none of them are too far away
we get we get spoiled sometimes we don't
get all the all the independent movies
but we get enough
we get enough but yeah big six this is
not easy
this does not look this does not look
easy big sake you need it you need it
you need two hours of just to get
absorbed in someone else's life you go
onto the big stick can't recommend met
him how do I have to wait until December
to play this on my switch oh I'm sorry I
didn't know it would take that long
fine what I'm sorry that's kind of the
game that was the big joke in my
gameplay trailer is that he died yeah it
was cute I like that yeah that was that
was the bit I thought of him facing back
- OH
what what wait so did you make it I
should have uh-oh we got glitch
something happen
there you go
okay you can deal with this Jack I'm so
sorry
I can't even listen whenever you're done
we can just we can stop and start
talking about spider-man Oh
oh good a little warp area now you can
yeah we can see what the bit what we can
see what happens if we give the big guy
tumors no I understand oh no the other
guy if you go to arid flats and head
right I think there's a big guy
relatively relatively simple rah
remember it no he's
I'm excited for valerian I don't know
how many other people aren't but I'm
excited for it
luc besson valerian in the city of a
thousand planets
valina no I would not be surprised if
valerian bombed hard though apparently I
was reading an article about it it was
made for a shockingly small budget no
yeah for all of these special effects
and and what not and shockingly snob
like nope
areas epic the love hmm
you reek of sadness please poke your
head into the future
Why What
somehow what I have no idea I love that
they all follow you though that is the
creepiest thing I've seen there's got to
be a
oh there now it found do you oh did you
see the bouncy one Falls so you just got
to hurry up see that Oh speed thing yeah
I'm not ready for this I'm not I'm not
ready for this okay Nico : X I'm in LA
check out
dico dico Kuya in Little Tokyo the best
bowl of ramen you ever had it's at least
an hour wait for a table but there's
tons of shops and sites while you weigh
that that's great ijuin place here in
town that I was frankly rather
disappointed with so disappointing
noodles disappointing brah you don't
like ramen it's all that's that's it
like the broth infuses everything and
and I got like this the standard pork
ramen and the noodles were all right and
the pork was really good but for some
reason the boy the broth was oh that was
amazing rich thank you thank you the the
broth was ultra bland so
let's see here Johnny nihilist says have
you guys ever watched the games done
quick charity speedruns I watch their
latest for the first time this year was
amazing watching SNES glitches
exploitation for super metroid and zelda
uh yeah yeah well sometimes they're
really fun if they require a lot of
skill to get like like I've said it
Yoshi's Island playthrough where they
weren't glitching much they were just
playing exceptionally good bouncing
those eggs and then I watched dark souls
run where they just glitched themselves
out of bound and ran past half the game
yep yeah one of these two things is much
more interesting to watch than the other
that was my problem like I watched you
the Battletoads one and I thought to
myself Battletoads oh man how do they
fucking beat like level three yeah so
like I wanted to watch that but they
just they they there was like there's
hidden warp zones that they got into
yeah so then I was just like oh you just
go past it I'll never mind this isn't
interesting at all that's not what game
they're not all like that
but but I I'm down for the the ones that
take scale and precision and all that
form of jazz
hey rich and Jack will be our LM crew
signed my own copy of the room I'll mail
it if needed and contact get in touch
with red letter media contacts yeah
there's one that's a question for my
team two contacts at red letter media
dot-com
it's a strange request why would you
want us to sign that we've never even
talked about the room that's true
and tell me why so II like does live
events all the time so and you should
get I've got a copy signed by him yeah
yeah you should just go to one of his
live events or I'm sure he has a male
thing yeah there's no point doing the
first part till I get some practice
doing this right agreed
many video games would be interested in
seeing being adapted into a movie I know
I don't know if I gotta choose they give
me a Metroid movie give me give me give
me a Metroid game you know or you know
what even better
give me a Metroid movie and then a game
based on the movie but yeah badass
bounty hunter in space lasers and
Dragons and well yeah laughs on second
okay got through there once I'm sure the
second time will be very easy you can do
it rich
no I got and you have to catch it on the
way down I'm so sorry
here's how you do it here's how you make
a metroid movie work I see some people
saying the Metroid movie won't work you
have to make it in the style of Dredd
we're following the classic NES version
of Metroid Samus is a silent and badass
bounty hunter for the entire movie only
to be revealed at the end to be a woman
a Metroid movie in the style of Dredd I
can't even do a simple part anymore
that's how you make a decent metro to
make it about the action naked about
exploring maybe she's leading a team -
you call it Metroid you just call it
Samus woo good person I'll just take the
character and then you're not limited to
yen this base hunting all these wild
animals sure you can have characters
then doing things that's a good college
Samus you know she's leading she's a
bounty hunter and she got hired to lead
a team of scientists into the unknown to
study these weird creatures and you know
lots of exploring lots of tense action
scenes and then at the end after she
survives maybe with someone it was like
some of the scientists she takes off her
helmet and her blonde hair flows out and
the audience goes yeah we knew that
already - no yeah no franchise but yeah
that's neat it's still me yeah exactly I
could be less oh no she's a woman and
more we just you never see a damn face
until the end right right
that's how you make the metros new earth
scientists studying the chozo exactly
and you know you get you get a big-name
actress you get a big-name actress for
approximately four hours worth of work
yes Sammis and she she spends the movie
just hunting down criminals regular old
criminals and then the teaser after the
end is just a scientist I've discovered
this thing so it's just her hunting sir
yes science fiction action film unlike
an alien world with buildings and and
her hunting space pirate yeah yeah the
Pirates
all right that's the way to go - that's
the way to go - it would have to be in
like the caves though right does it give
it give me give me a visually
interesting setting not just someone
running around caves for two hours just
shit about the plot of Metroid I suppose
it has to be then it could be both I
suppose maybe the Pirates are have a
have a tunnel system underneath the cool
futuristic city and showdowns in the
ruins yeah yeah all right
I could be down with that - is everyone
telling me I'm nuts
I'm sure they're telling us we're both
nuts
oh no actually they're saying Samus
versus space virus would be great yeah
keep it really light on the dialogue oh
that was so close right in there that
little lovin
you're yeah they're saying we both are
nuts do you need to see your face though
no no we get we met maybe glimpses of it
like I'm not the one who needs to see
this is a movie okay I'm just saying I
don't and my two cents if it's gonna be
one if I got it in that's what I'm
saying if I got to choose one I want I
want a sci-fi space adventure that's why
I'm excited for valerian and the planet
of thousands planet cities maybe you
know we see some some of her face
through the goggles but no you do the
classic helmet reveal right that was
such a story back in the day Samus was a
girl so stay true you stay true to that
I think it really saw uncharted movie
and everyone would be trying to play it
on the ps4 all confused wow this game is
great I haven't had to touch the
controller in two hours
you can do it you can do it you can do
it you can do it you can do it I can do
it
hey let's do this but don't rush that
stuff watch this don't rush this
what does everyone think of doom fist I
think it looks neat I'm excited for you
know another character it's always just
another excuse to kind of get into the
game I've been I've been out of the loop
because I've been playing so much Friday
the 13th and that's gonna be my big
question is like do I want to play more
Friday the 13th yes yes I do that's
that's been scratching my multiplayer
itch recently Oh Jim face has faced a
new overwatch character yeah and he's
interesting because he's a lot of
punching a lot a lot of movement but you
know there's Friday the 13th what I need
overwatch for right now until that gets
boring to me that's him yet right
everything like you still get that one
game where you fucking nailed it you get
out you escape and you did some good
work yet
you drove backwards circles around Oh
Jason and yeah let's see here crane a
hand of Christ says do you guys have any
opinion on james rolfe the Angry Video
Game Nerd I really I'm sorry we do not
I'm not against the man nope I've seen a
couple of his things I wasn't terribly
into it does he even do this chick
anymore I have no IDE that I have I
don't even know her she's just james
rolfe now I don't even know if he still
makes videos that is how little I know
about James Robert
well I was not easy
you did it rich what do we get
I think you get denial as the new line
see what I need to do uh-huh uh-huh no
it's just Kenya oh sweet jeebus crisp
all the way back here really yeah look
you have zero lives this is this is yeah
this is before this is the punishment
one
well fall so does movie reviews now and
music reviews as well oh great
am I gonna watch the Inhumans TV show I
will be Gras I'll watch at least the
pilot begrudgingly it looks awful it
looks cheap as all fuck I am NOT looking
forward to it I'm not super hyped a
little hyped they announced casting for
squirrel girl squirrel girl is going to
be part of freeform TVs New Mutants is
that the show New Mutants and you ever
seen those AT&T; commercials with the
lady in them she's Squirrel Girl I don't
know what
oh the the wait no I don't know where
she's talking about New Warriors Thank
You New Warriors they got the they got
the girl from the AT&T; commercials
everybody loved her she's just she's a
very cute girl what eight what aim tea
tea and tea for their eighteen t
commercials and this girl was in a
mansion
AT&T; commercials for many many many
years she was the girl in the AT&T;
commercials but that's all I got man
then you got nothing
she has a great but she better have a
great but if she's gonna be Squirrel
Girl that is literally part of her
shtick
all right so we're gonna talk about
spider-man yeah we're gonna throw sighs
fireman
okay that's squirrel think I know she is
that's squirrel thank you for the
picture of squirrel girl that's squirrel
girl oh she's on Silicon Valley -
exactly
most people probably know her from the
APD commercials nope never mind never
mind
I got caught on the thing and I didn't
want to fuck up
oh you had to hit a switch now what now
what jump up there right like that what
a spike that was a spike yes like that
is that more Squirrel Girl pictures
that's not her
that's just pornography you're just
sending me pornography I mean I I
appreciate it or DOM is in this but I
don't think that's her I don't think
that was a picture of the same lady but
thank you for the pornography but oh no
what going through there reset the
switch switch and obviously like that we
have no we have no we have no anything
from New Warriors yet but cloak and
dagger on freeform TV formerly ABC
Family looks like it has a mild budget
and so I'm hoping new warriors ABC
Family changed its name for no good
reason and now everybody's confused
yeah well it's freeform now yeah
freeform freeform
is the dumb name well I think it doesn't
have the connotation of if ABC Family
Kitty stuff on ABC Family Thor that
they're rebranding for the teen market I
believe you're fine you're fine
add quote that's not her that's just
pornography you've sent me pornography
are you sending me more are you just
sending me more pornography that's
another picture of her miss Walker
okay she's she looks adorable and those
18 t commercials and in Silicon Valley
she's she's funny howdy how do you even
do that oh you got a hang on the side
one two three
James yes I do like wall someone asked
me about books Alec I do like wall I
really like whoa it might be my favorite
book it's a very good book hey you know
favorite is so is so nebulous like the
first the first like novel I ever read
like the first book I've really got into
is this book called the ear the eye and
the arm by Nancy farmer the ear the eye
and the esophagus yeah it's about it's
about Norwegian folk singers
no the ear the eye and the arm is is a
it's got a similar rhythm to the which
lion in the wardrobe that was like that
was like the first big book I really
read and
like my family wasn't was it was never
like big readers and so like that was
the book fuck farm right and so like
that was the book that got me into
reading the ear the eye and the arm by
Nancy farmer and it's it's like a team
you know like I read it in in like the
fifth grade or sixth grade you know so
it's like a teen book about a group of
kids that get lost in futuristic Africa
and I thought it was really neat
but of course Jack likes wool everybody
likes wool brain is God wool is a great
book get right out of town
get right in right out of the world
favorite album I can tell you the album
that I can't stop listening to right now
which is in an album it's a mixtape it's
chants the rapper's coloring book
mixtape and I cannot stop listening to
it I have tried to listen to other
things and I can't stop it's so fucking
good
what book the book I read as a kid was
the ear the eye and the arm the book
that I loved always probably not in my
favorite book but a very good book is
called a wool
wool if you are into sci-fi wool needs
to be on your reading lists it's
fantastic it's a great book if you are
into sci-fi dystopian thingies it's as
small as is one of the best books I've
read in recent memory yeah soon as
Richards done with this whenever rich is
done we will talk about spider please
we're talking about you oh yeah they
caught up with tips oh wait we have one
more note we have two more and then we
will then we will talk about spider-man
pan drew says hey guys I was looking at
graphic novel adaptations of Star Wars
films on comiXology when I discovered
that the ones for the prequels were
marked legends guess they're not canon
after all great and jumpluff says how do
you guys feel about boba milk tea do you
even know what bubble milk tea is really
there's not gonna be the name of the new
boba fett in the last Jedi
I have no idea what that is
great neither do i okay so heads up
everyone we are now initiating
spider-man homecoming spoiler talk rich
and I will chat about spider-man
homecoming with no filter and no regard
for whether or not you have seen it that
is going to happen in just a moment if
you are leaving you know thanks for
coming we really appreciate it
yep initiate the spider-man protocol bye
everybody bye bye though I like that
Chuck's text spoilers he does whatever a
spider can that's good I like that okay
here's what I'm surprised that I watched
your half in the bag on ya just because
you know generally I like to in case
like if I don't have a conversation with
you in person like oh yeah what are the
guys think about it
here's something I'm shocked at and Lisa
felt the same way I am shocked that you
guys were shocked that Michael Keaton
was Liz Allen's father you didn't you
didn't see that coming what was the hint
the hint were when the goons were at the
school the goons were at the school and
we're tracking the the radiation though
and do you remember what they said no
they were tracking the radiation and one
of the goons goes oh man I can't believe
we're here we can't tell the boss I
don't remember that specific line it was
something it was something to that I
just I can't believe we're here we
better make sure you know the boss
doesn't find out or whatever it is right
it made that from I made that homecoming
scene really fun though that whole twist
oh I mean it was it was wonderfully
acted but I saw that twist coming from a
mile away
and it was great you've made it really
personal and then by the way just the
fact that he put it together like I love
ya because he's not an idiot oh man
the whole movie is without a doubt the
best adaptation of the spider-man comics
we have gotten in a movie yes and and
that is nothing but a compliment the
downside to the movie are the action
scenes are kind of weak there are non
epic action scenes for a hero who is not
doing epic things he's fighting gun
runner's and it's all about it doesn't
that doesn't matter at all to me in fact
it's a fine thing because it's all about
the character that's what's important
and I guess that like I agree with you
while also saying that that's something
that kind of bummed me out I agree they
want the blue laser huh did you want the
guys no no I don't want the blue laser
the timer for the bomb that's gonna turn
the city into lizards oh jesus fucking
christ no no whoa you know me I'm a big
fan of when action scenes can help theme
with the story a little artistic
representation you know to kind of give
a little extra to normal action scenes
and there just wasn't much of that which
is fine I'm not saying that ruined the
movie or even made the movie bad that's
just a downside that I can think of you
know how could you don't like that
Washington Monument see that's a fine
action scene that's a fine action scene
no all the action scenes were fine
action scenes you know crawling around
on the invisible airplane at the end
even the simple like fighting with the
Avenger like the fake Avengers in the in
the in the bank or at ATM yeah fine
action sequences the the one action
sequence that goes above and beyond is
the Washington Monument yeah because
these stakes are so well set up and it
that's the only one that comes close to
theming with with
with the story which is like you know
being like juggling being spider-man and
being Peter Parker and I know like yeah
going to the field trip and like saving
his friends and like be like being with
his friends is what saves them even at
spider-man so it's like like the theming
is kind like the arty-farty bullshit
that I love in fight scenes which might
be a contradiction to some people but
90% of the reason I love that movie
though is Tom Holland is perfect as
spider-man and it's all about him being
awkward you know Peter Parker's personal
life ship yep it's it's a true
spider-man movie absolutely I will agree
with you on that hundred percent and you
know what from-from frame one of the
movie Peter Parker's little vlog yeah
his little vlog of the for the Civil War
recap tonally set up his character right
away you knew everything you needed to
know about Peter Parker with his dorky
little vlog and I love that I love that
by the way no what do you think what do
you think about Peter Parker's first
appearance in the Marvel Cinematic
Universe
that he was heard about this he had the
Iron Man mask on in Iron Man 2 they they
have retconned
Iron Man 2 that kid that kid and I are
meant to that he's got the Iron Man mask
on and the robots in front of him at
he's he's pretending his Iron Man he's
trying to shoot at the robot then Tony
Stark swoops in and should throw up up
behind him the kid think he did it
that kid is now retro actively Peter
Parker because the ages line up in Peter
Parker is a science nerd so he would
want to go to the science X yep yep
I'm gonna expound on this okay never
worst parents like that were his parents
died
I mean people died definitely is that
how this is gonna come up in the next
homecoming well then won't be called
homecoming this side like a prom or
whatever the fuck they gonna call it I
arrived oh my god Tony my parents were
killed on the night I first met you by
the way that would really like you know
cuz the whole the whole thing is about
like Tony as a father figure right right
and that would really drive that home to
a little wicked extent like it was you
you know it was literally your
technology that killed my parents
you know I like I like Aunt May and all
but you know I would have liked my
parents do a grumpy bad you know that
was rich that was rich no these are
ovulation yeah we besides even if it
wasn't we warned you spoilers oh yeah no
that's all speculation that that well no
he's a trump got the stark god his
parents killed oh that no that part is
pure speculation your speculation hey
something's you see you can do in a
sequel though yeah yeah that could add a
little a little character umph to it
that could definitely drive Tony a
little more insane you know Tony's
already got some big fuck-ups under his
belt
you know roadies paralyzed that whole
ultram fuck up
and he got all the people imprisoned a
lot of people are mad at him what else
what do you people want to know oh right
away what are we gonna talk about that
we haven't heard elsewhere just how I
just have good spell man yeah something
that you brought up to me at the movie
theater was something that I don't know
if we want to go right into that yeah
oh well yeah I mean I'm just trying to
think of stuff to talk about like before
then we can just talk about how great
Karen is the you know you know voice
Karen jennifer connelly yep yeah
jennifer connelly making her triumphant
return to the Marvel Universe first she
was a lecturer then is that whole movie
canon which one was that incredible or
was that in the I forgot which one she
was in oh my god and you know what I'm
thinking of Jennifer Garner Jennifer
Gardner is Elektra Jennifer Connelly
that is not canon no Jennifer Connelly
in her triumphant return to the Marvel
Universe no Jennifer Gardner was Elektra
Jennifer Connelly was Bruce banners love
interests in Hulk it was incredible
I know just just just Hulk yeah but but
that is now no longer canon okay The
Incredible Hulk is canon
she's Betty that's right she hasn't any
elk film
I think the superior Hulk film -
incredible
I prefer angley's - incredible I've
never seen angley's yeah yeah you might
not like it it's a little over the top
the ending is super weird and there's a
lot bad about it
but I prefer the weirdness to how bland
oh I prefer the weirdness to how bland
The Incredible Hulk is so oh my god
angly does like he makes edits in comic
panel style really yeah and I could see
I could see why someone wouldn't like it
but I think it's interesting enough to
uh to prefer over the Incredible Hulk
which I thought was just really bland
right poor Hulk if I made out with
Jennifer Connelly I'd want it to be
canon I have issues with Peters
motivations to be spider-man in the
right and so you know the whole movie is
is by the way before we get into that
another thing I really enjoyed that the
Marvel movies are very good at like the
good Marvel movie yeah are weaving in
the meta commentary of the actual movie
into the plot of the movie for example
the first Avengers movie was this big
risk
can we take characters from different
movies and mush them together and will
people buy that and that was the
meta-narrative or that was the plot of
the whole movies can the Avengers work
together as a team right Iron Man 3
everyone was saying now after the
spectacle of the Avengers can they go
back to just being in their own regular
movies and then Iron Man 3 the plot is
dealing with the aftermath of the
Avengers I loved that I loved weaving in
the thing that people are already
thinking about and so like what everyone
is thinking is how is Spider Man going
to live up to these already established
movies yeah that is basically the plot
his Peter Parker wants nothing more than
to be an Avenger
he wants to spider-man wants to be in
the Avengers right it worked
no I didn't I haven't complained because
it totally works for this movie right
but in in general doesn't it diminish
him as a character his motivations for
wanting to be a superhero I don't know
he's trying to please Tony Stark as
opposed to this horrible tragedy that
happened and this valuable life lesson
that Peter Parker learned and
unfortunately unfortunately there's no
way I can be even a little bit objective
about this because of course we know
what happened I think if if you've
watched all the Marvel movies like if
you watched Civil War and you're a Peter
Parker's little thing with Tony Stark
about they're like I have to rewatch
that if you remember like Tony Stark is
talking with Peter and it's like why you
here if you're going to join my team
give me the rundown and Peter Parker has
this very small but poignant spiel about
like when you have this power and the
bad things happen and you could have
stopped them then it's almost like you
made them happen sepia-toned Uncle Ben
death we've got a long way I think but
maybe I'm wrong and I'm really wrong no
no no no I you know I like I agree with
you like the wait wasn't there but I
also don't think this was the movie for
the wait like they they kind of
referenced it in the movie mm-hmm
like that's why and then the vaguest
reference to something bad that happened
and that's why he had made was and it
doesn't seem to bother Peter all that
much right but he's also a dumb teenager
right like I that's something that
bothered him so much he's willing to
risk his life on a daily basis right I
like what I'm saying is I I agree with
you that I don't I don't know I I think
no matter what the right call was for it
not to be in there sure you don't want
to do the origin three times on screen
right no I mean what that's yeah it's oh
shit no no I you got there in your check
yeah why didn't I I didn't look far
enough ahead yeah sepia tone scene would
not have been helpful to the overall
tone I have one other issue with this
movie okay which I still like overall
because the character is so delightful
he's fantastic
what's Peter's arc what the fuck is his
arc in this movie what is the lesson he
learns that he recklessly goes around
attacking you know the vulture a
dangerous supervillain yeah Tony Stark
says you're not you're not ready for
that kid you know and so he gets the
suit taken away yeah and then he proves
himself by recklessly going after the
powerful super villain that Tony Stark
does
want him to go after only now it's good
well because he did it he did a good
thing so he does the exact same shit he
was doing earlier in the movie he's won
nothing
no see he that that's he wasn't doing
the exact same shit he was doing earlier
in the movie wasn't what was different
earlier in the movie he was so concerned
with pleasing the Avengers yeah right
yeah that you know he would he would do
whatever they told him to do he listened
like that that was the very start of the
movie and he was really bored by that
then he tries to strike out and fails
them with the boat collapse right uh-huh
uhm and--but like basically it was a big
humility arc him getting crushed it
sounded like he faces the vaulter yeah
and he's not thinking about anything so
in an act of humility he learns that he
can do it all on his own no in the act
of humility he understands the weight of
the matter and remember the whole time
they're trying to get ahold of Tony
Stark and happy to warn them they've
ruined the wait huh the wait my favorite
my favorite moment from the classic
comic books and if there's there's no
purpose to it here it's just a big thing
that's on top of them yeah oh yeah
before it was the burden of his
responsibilities and living up to it now
it's just well I got a dude for stuck I
have you know yeah it was just a heavy
thing that felt well and that that was
part of my complaint about the action
sequences is there was no there was no
artsy fartsy narrative to the action
sequence mhm and like that that's the
thing like like in the comics when he's
holding up the giant thing and you know
like Ori or even in spider-man 2 like
and you know he's saving Mary Jane and
revealing himself but uh
no ok so so what's his art right yeah
what is what is what is his art what
does he need to learn
he's trying at the beginning of the
movie he he doesn't care about his
friends at all yeah he doesn't even care
about like being a superhero and so he
ditches his friends at the prom that's
the lesson he learns I'm talking through
it he ditches them at the prom for a
purpose nothing I'm talking through it
I'm trying you know what every time
trying to figure it out you're right
there on the surface there doesn't seem
to be in our mm-hmm so the movie starts
with Peter not really even caring about
being a superhero he doesn't even seem
to care about helping people right yes
cuz they've lost the great power and
responsibility right and I'm gonna say
this is a situation like that's a major
fuckin aspect of the character and it's
tragic that that's missing yet I still
like Tom Holland I'm gonna say this is
similar to my liking Ben Affleck does
Batman act like as Batman okay even
though he's straight-up murdering people
that's the writings fault not the
acting's fault
sure all right I can hear that okay so
that's the that's the Peter Parker we
know yeah he doesn't care about his
friends he's ditching his
responsibilities because he wants to be
he wants to be spider-man but he doesn't
understand what being spider-man means
okay I'm not sure what it means after
watching the movie at the end yeah I'm
not sure what that means what being
spider-man means yeah he helped the
billionaire keep a good small chunk of
his billions well no he kept weapons out
of the hands of criminals right sure
that's sure we may be needed to see a
little bit more of the consequences of
that somebody did somebody needed to get
hurt by one of those weapons well we saw
we saw his local sandwich shop get
demolished
we needed we needed to see somebody go
to the hospital or a body bag being
zipped up not admit not a character we
know just innocent just complete
bystander I don't know that would have
been deep it's a sandwich guy left in a
body bag that would have a deep man that
would've been too close huh you know you
don't want to ruin you want to ruin the
tone in movie sure it doesn't need to be
anybody we really met before just normal
citizens just so we get the stakes sure
but don't we get that with the boat like
don't we get that with like people
almost dying not when the reason that
happened is because spider-man fucked up
by attacking the vulture the message I
get out of there is Peter Parker's not
ready for this yet not not these weapons
need to be taken off the street and I
get the messages let the adults handle
it but I think that's that's the moral
of the story okay is at the end he goes
through all this by the skin of his
teeth and he gets offered a position as
an Avenger yes the thing he's wanted the
whole movie but he understands that he's
not ready yet yeah and yeah and that's
the character all right it's not
necessarily a satisfying character art
because yeah he's a fuckup and he now he
just says okay yes I am a fuckup the
characters fun things he does you're fun
and people interacts but that's fun to
watch yeah agreed
the movie works for that reason yeah
okay oh yeah
thank God he got I got that listen and
by the way it's not a very clear
character arc which is why I needed to
talk through it a little bit but yes
with a the lesson that Peter Parker
learned was that he was indeed and not
ready he did not come he a neighbor a
neighborhood hero a street-level hero
and it took him you know personal
sacrifice like yet he had fucking
lizallen sweet ass Biddy she's leaving
now it took him some sacrifice what does
the chat have to say about all this
they're they're upset that it took us
that long to get there first character
are fun they're upset and take us that
long to figure it out yeah I'm not sure
it's that that clear in the movie well
then that's why it that's why I needed
to go through the steps cuz it wasn't
that clear in the movie I agree with you
the character arc thing is just
something to check out in a script no
it's nice to have your characters grow
and do something and learn a lesson in a
movie like this well I'm complaining
about this I still love the movie of
course of course
yeah
mmm close we can talk about that the
Michelle that that nan revelation that
important it didn't matter all that yeah
that's a person we know in the comics
all right
she was great first of all she was great
what would it matter whether or not we
found out she was MJ no she was a great
character she was a great character I
loved her every time and Gina she just
found her way into every single scene
and that was one of my favorite running
gags I'm spider-man just she was there
she didn't necessarily care but you know
you knew she did and you know if she's
going to be like a love interest or
they're like the MJ of this like that's
fine she'll be great
I'm sure there's a whole lot of people
yeah who are used to Kirsten Dunst as
pseudo Gwen Mary Jane sure aka she's
really Gwen Stacy they're gonna be upset
at the betrayal I think I think I think
the public thinks of Mary Jane as
Kirsten Dunst who even though they
called her Mary Jane she was basically
playing that as me did she was written
as Gwen Stacy just the sweet girl next
door that's not Mary Jane Mary Jane was
Mary James the wild child the party girl
the independent streak woman yeah yeah
yeah she didn't if she didn't
necessarily wanna hang out with Peter oh
I'm going to the party you coming with
her she was she was Veronica in the
Betty Veronica diner no she no I love
because you're absolutely right
I think and I left because you're making
Archie references cuz honestly I'm
making art see right from references
that's what Stanley did right Gwen and
Mary Jane are a fuckin straight-up
ripoff of Betty and Veronica a
straight-up ripoff yeah sweet girl next
door versus
kind of kind of bitchy free-spirited
wild she'll know so in that in that
sense this MJ would be closer to the
comics MJ where she's a free spirit she
does what she wants yeah yeah no I'm
like I it's it's just it's just not a
big deal less than a bitch though huh
less of a bitch though who this Mary
Jane I don't know she was kind of kunti
and I liked it mostly because it was
funny I see that a lot of people like
talking about like all of the supporting
cast but I thought they were great flash
was a giant dickhead and that was
perfect
Ned which is not a character from the
original comic set and that is actually
characters oh you wouldn't know it
reading our comments on the half of the
bag video but with the character in the
comic books not that Ned actually liked
that Ned yes Ned is a character from the
original spider-man comic books net Ned
leads in the comic books he was an adult
reporter rival of Peters right
does that sound anything like the net in
this movie know that the net in the
movie was actually a character donkey
from ultimately I am completely not
familiar right but no he's like Miles
Morales Miles Morales his best friend is
a chubby Asian smart talking dude called
GaN Kili okay that's net okay okay you
know so they took what work today or
they liked that in the ultimate
spider-man series having you know miles
giving miles someone to talk right right
yeah well no Ned
isn't like in there in the Ultimate
Comics his name is conky or gang or
whatever his name is if you look at a
side by side picture of Ned from
spider-man homecoming and gang Keely you
would assume they were the same
character so so it's just medley maybe
this is Nedley yeah but uh but that's
what we talk about all the time about
like the comics being workshops for the
movies yeah is it like yeah you know
what we'll take a little bit of this
from ultimate spider-man we'll take a
little bit of this from Miles Morales
spider-man would take a little bit of
this from classic spider-man great
everyone's great voltar
what a fantastic villain yeah and I love
the look of them yeah they're hold as
soon as you can ever hope to do the
vulture oh fuck right you look great
their whole evil scheme made so much
sense yeah OOP tried something different
didn't work fuck do I do this
you just get you got to jump you have to
go on the right side of that blocking
jump right away yeah I mean of course
Michael Keaton was great I like that
almost doesn't need to be said because
he's Michael Keaton yeah and he's the
greatest at whatever he feels like doing
but now he had good depth and just that
that fucking kitchen scene where Peter
Parker knows that he's the bad guy and
you can just see Tom Holland not know
what to do that might have been one of
the realest moments we have a villain I
was kind of like I would almost ruining
for Roger a what every day working
shamash love gets screwed over live and
land legitimately got screwed yep
the heinous shit he was stealing he
feels is rightfully his he had the legal
salvage license
he's stealing in his head he's just
stealing his own shit right oh yeah and
they'll make sense to him and that's you
know the best kind of villain is the
ones that you can almost empathize with
there's just a good guy so Peter out at
the end right love that the other person
he kills us on accident but that was a
great scene right right he doesn't seem
to care too much but yeah oh my god
you're right yeah
no she's
Jesus fuck Ridge you're doing it all
right what's the tramp what's the Tramp
there's a tramp right that's the trapper
the trapper just spikes above the moving
platform right nailed it nailed it all
this is so gonna fuck me so we have
three villains for sinister six now who
will the other three be right like that
little scorpion homage at the end those
needs it was earlier than that you know
one of the people he was selling arms to
on the boat was calm Mac Gargan that was
him that was him
oh that's how a guy's arm broke he was
on the buck he was on the boat you tell
about for fucking a half a second it was
on the boat right right
I caught that oh nice
I'm done can we be done man talk yeah
that was him in jail like the scorpion
tattoo on his neck that would have been
that that was that was great
and yeah you already have all the tech
and the the tinkerer yeah was that was
the guy making all the tech for him and
so like he'll come back I'm sure he was
never captured I I didn't call him out
during the review because Mike and Jay
would have just been confused the
tinkerer yeah yeah well and it's a
really dumb name as a classic villain
it's the first villain he's a classic
million but you know he's the first if
you tell him I can J like oh yeah that
was the tinkerer they would just make
pee jokes there's a if there's a trivia
question who's the first super villain
Peter Parker fought it's the Tigger well
there you go let's oh yeah that's oh
that's a great question what do you
think about Aunt May find a gonna pee in
there oh that's fine hmm that's the
they're taking their cues from the
ultimate spider-man comic book with that
mm-hmm
yeah a lot of a lot of this movie felt
very ultimate spider-man and I'm
absolutely okay with that yeah because I
really enjoyed this one ultimate
spider-man was still good well we're
praising the movie aren't we I thought
that was this soon right yeah I think I
think that's a that's a compliment
i I love it that Aunt May was not was
not frail old Aunt May there's nothing
wrong with perfectly normal and maybe
honest that just makes sense
she's an aunt not a grandmom especially
when Peter Parker's only 15 right what
the fuck was was she 30 what her sister
was born but that happens sometimes
that happens sometimes 40 no and I liked
Merstham it wasn't a big part of the
movie but she did all right she's
everything I thought they leaned into
the you have a hot aunt joke a little
too hard once they did it a few times a
bunch of his friends made joke like she
got like free food at the oh yeah yeah
like but I mean it's fine also Marisa
Tomei is incredibly attractive so like
I'm gonna be okay with it it's simply a
different take on character oh no I just
like I thought they just did that joke a
little too hard is all I'm saying but
I'm gonna be okay with him whatever
think about the end fight you thought it
was a little CG vomit was adequate it
wasn't this movie was not about the set
pieces which is what I liked about it
right Peter Parker spider-man is the
highlight of the film not the CGI puke
fest fight right and and I don't even
think it was a few fist fight there like
it was a perfectly fine fight
oh you chickened out rich
no I didn't shuttle go you pulled back
do you guys have something against the
original amazing spider-man comics no
why would I know they're fine what makes
you think I have something against those
comics what did I say that would give
you that impression the old day may come
in but listen that's how she was written
it's fine it worked for those comics
I prefer younger Aunt May because I
never much cared for the for the whole
life
I could tell you when oh sorry finisher
time I never I never cared for the idea
that like we need to keep it from Aunt
May because she's so frail you know I
never liked that so that was it I I love
those classic did Co issue so much when
I was a kid uh-huh young young fifteen
year old Peter Parker when I was around
15 I adored that shit sure sure
well my people keep trying to say that
the Sam Raimi movies are more like the
Ditko era more like the the ramita
senior era when when it got routine for
Stanley and ramita was doing his it was
beautiful but it was his soap opera of
romance comic art everyone was beautiful
and Peter was just kind of a
happy-go-lucky schmuck it's a bit more
vapid I think there's a fine argument
for there but like that Ditko Peter
Parker was a stock nerd that's literally
his shtick
so I would say they took a lot of cues
from Ditko Peter Parker wise all right
all right
no because no no no the hair service
works majorly different okay
Tobey Maguire spider-man's descanse I
can get this goofy grin on his face
it's the dick Oh spider-man look like he
was always on the verge of a nervous
fucking break down half the time half
the time half of those comics I end with
a panel of Peter Parker looking like
he's just about to fucking snap maybe
maybe that does not fit the rammy movies
fits - spider-man - that it's literally
a little breakdown
let's see here anonymous says rich once
said the amazing spider-man 2 movie was
the worst movie he's ever seen does
Richard still think this that's one of
the worst worse the worst movie I've
ever seen it's things yes
wait what we have one and a half and
best of the worst recently that was o DB
Cooper versus Bigfoot there you go is
the worst film I've ever seen there you
go that that that does indeed rival
things for the worst yeah if we can even
consider that a movie okay
that's the question is if DB Cooper
versus Bigfoot movie if DB Cooper is not
technically is that legally ruled as a
movie yes then the answer is things
correct you are correct
sorry stockboy yes we're in full
spiderman spoiler talk so if you don't
want spiderman spoilers don't listen
budget messiah says for the man who
hasn't read a spider-man comic in ten
years might i suggest getting Marvel
unlimited their digital comic archive
service which is running free for
30-days
I've got all my old back issue still or
if you have all your old back issues you
could also read them I do comiXology
unlimited that I which recently added a
bunch of back Marvel capital that's all
right forgot to count I'm sorry let's
see here
budget messiahs and uh when you have
Marvel unlimited check out superior
spider-man it follows the story of Doc
Ock after he does a body swap with Peter
Parker heard about and aspires to be the
titular character yeah I've heard about
it he replaces that weird zombie Peter
Parker after one more day that I don't
really know yep
yep let's see here
anonymous says who switched out the best
of the worst tapes and why is Ralph's
book sheer replacing Penelope Smith what
I mean switched out the tapes oh that's
in that and you knew what he was talking
about what do you want to see in future
spider-man movies no see what they bring
us hope hopefully they've learned the
correct lesson from spider-man home cone
which is doing very well at the box
office of course hopefully it does so
well where they say hey creative team
behind this team let's do it again all
right you know what I'd like to see in
the third movie if they're in the third
movie okay Peter Parker in his college
years he's growing up he starts wearing
the black suit not a symbiote alien
weird goo monster but just the black
version of the suit from the comics cuz
that's just a sweet fucking design as a
suit not as an alien symbian he's grown
up okay it's got a different suit that's
what I want to see in the by the third
movie like the the red and blue one
we'll just get fucked up and like a epic
battle with Doctor Octopus sure sure
he's gonna switch out at the end but now
he's it a little more grown-up and he
want something a little more badass
right right mmm mr. stark I want you to
make me something that looks like this
mr. stark will be long dead by then
yeah I'll be honest that I thought that
iron spider suit looks kind of weak yeah
but that was supposed to what it was
supposed to what I mean because he was
never going to wear that suit the suit
at the end of this yeah yeah that was a
fake out the first place that's not the
suit I'm talking about right no then
what are you talking about the suit that
he was that Tony Stark presented him and
I thought looked supervisor I thought
looked bad I by design the audience
we're not supposed to get attached to
that because Peter Parker is going to
turn that down the scriptwriter knows
that the people designing the costume
know that it's designed to be this gaudy
ugly thing oh that's the wrong call it's
designed to be a reference to Civil War
is really what it was designed to be why
is that it looks vaguely similar with a
spider symbol the net - what the the
iron spider costume from the Civil War
comics the Civil War comics not the
movie that thing they showed at the end
don't you remember
iron spiders all is all orange and gold
look at this look at the spider symbol
on the chest look at the design of that
spider symbol it's vaguely vague this
suit given to him by Tony Stark in the
comics that didn't look anything like
that see look up look it up look it up
know what rich said makes sense I think
that's the wrong call I think I I think
that was supposed to be something really
enticing and that would mean Peter
giving it up had extra weight maybe but
then the audience is just let down all
right I'm looking up iron spider-man
suit for homecoming
maybe a little more like it than I
originally thought
pause it and then bring up still from
iron spider costume I think they call it
I don't know
Civil War spider-man calm a little
you'll get the movie you can have to
look up iron spider probably iron spider
Comics the spider symbol look at it
spider symbol maybe a little more
similar than then we got dog I still
didn't what I still don't like the look
enough I still think that looks weak I
agree yeah I still think it looks weak
and I thought the right call would be to
make something that looks super
spectacular so when he gave it up we got
oh you know like like you know like gave
him something to lust after and he goes
no you know what I got I still got a lot
to learn the rich is right that the
symbol is similar the color scheme is a
little different but you know that's
fair oh my god Jack wants the audience
to be like that I I want yes I do no I
want Peter's decision to have a little
weight and obviously like us like that
being the big character arc that could
have been a big scene where like Peter
sees the suit maybe he goes to there's
like oh my god does this have this this
is so cool this you know what I got a
lot to learn still I'm gonna have to
ensure you know then you get that little
scene where where we we kind of know
what's happening Oh might you know you
get to the legs I've never much cared
for but if he had the legs gonna Oh are
these fully retractable blah blah and
having a pneumo somatic that was so
close rich oh yeah I called Liz Alan I
think Wade true true but although she's
not called Liz Alan I think it's
supposed to be her
in the movie she's lizallen right Liz
they never say to Liz Liz Toombs Adrian
Toomes is the vulture why am i why am i
hearing someone say Liz Allan because
they're all named all the kids are named
after his kids from the comics is just
like Liz Allan is so burnt into my brain
that I just I heard it I think the Liz
part is an intentional reference but
they don't give you a last name though
it's gotta be Toombs unless she's not
the biological daughter or if what if
what if it's hyphenated sure it's Toombs
Allen yeah apparently I had something I
missed
Betty Brant was the blonde girl doing
the news announcement I get it you know
they should have held back on that what
if they want to do some version of Jay
jonah Jameson right you get Betty Brent
then beta Wade yeah you didn't you
didn't you didn't even like to name
check every single rocking chair yeah
one of my absolute favorite scenes was
the deliberate poke at Batman during the
Prowler interrogation scene yes very
barbed jab oh oh yeah very pointed hey
is great and and Donald Glover it was
just amazing as the chill criminal as
the chill neighborhood criminal just
gone like what do you what are you doing
spider
and never get past their ham what are
you doing
that was super great I thought I thought
it was a little too on the nose
speaking of like every character being
in it when he was like my nephew lives
in this neighborhood because he's the
uncle of Miles Morales it was just like
you could have just said like my family
like he didn't have to like specifically
name check my nephew Miles Morales was
right around here oh that's right when
he was buying when he was buying guns
and he's like listen I just want to
stick someone up not send him back in
time like that's hilarious
he was great yeah and they're like we
got these like we got these pneumatic
gravity climbing gloves to climb the
Prowler huh yes fine I was cute is what
it was it was super cute and I liked it
he no no he never said miles he said my
nephew but to me that didn't sound like
something that a real person would say
yeah because obviously like if your
nephew lives here probably your brother
or sister goes right right so you would
probably say my brother lives over here
and he's got a family the rest of his
family died on the streets too right
right so just my nephew just my nephew
lives here them time guns be wiping him
out exist but yeah he just said like
that just seemed like a really awkward
and forced piece of dialogue when he
could have also just said I got family
around here and we still would have
gotten the same thing
that's miles is ongoing yes Hannibal
Brust as the PE coach was absolutely
brilliant yeah and I mean all like his
bit with the Captain America cameos
we're all hilarious
can I say how refreshing it is to have a
spider-man movie be funny oh god the
whole thing was funny yeah someone got
it so one of one of the six writers
understood that no it's great Captain
America cameos and I even liked how they
broke down their own internal logic
where Hannibal Bruce was like I was like
all right everybody you got to listen to
the speech you know I think he's like a
criminal now I forget he might be a film
but I still got to show you he's a war
criminal
exactly I think is it war criminal now
man right but I still got to show you
this which is true like at this point
Captain America is you know a criminal
in living in Wakanda
though but 70 yes you missed most of our
talk about spider-man homecoming I feel
like we are winding up here yeah so yes
you have missed most of it few more
decent attempts yeah at this we're just
trying to beat this level I'm just
trying to think of anything else meets
or not neat about the movie it just all
so refreshing that the main thrust of
the plot was him fucking up his social
life classic Peter Parker right classic
I got I got a date I got a date to the
prom but also I know where the bad guy
is and I got to stop the bad guy
dropping out of band dropping out of
quiz at mathletes whatever it was yeah
yeah the academic decathlon but the
ending of weaseling is way back in so he
can go fight the super villain over
great just great stuff I loved oh yeah
this hey spider guy do a backflip
because by the way that's exactly what
someone would do if they saw spider-man
shit man shit everything I can't go see
this movie again the car theft which
wasn't a car theft Oh everybody yelling
fucking classic Peter that was one of it
you know like one of my one of my
favorite runs of the ultimate spider-man
series was when he teams up with
Wolverine yep
in the early issues and Wolverine
basically just drags him around by the
nose and says everything you're doing is
wrong uh-huh you don't understand the
world and stop fucking up and I loved
that run it's just him trying to keep up
with a season
here oh and I thought they got that tone
so right it's great because vulture was
also a literal vulture feasting on the
scraps of Greater heroes and villains
absolutely absolutely there are some
good themes that man was totally in the
fucking right and it's a shame he had to
go to jail at the end of the movie that
is not true he was selling weapons
illegally let's let's say he was
stealing all that equipment and just
melting it down for scrap and selling
this crap then yeah I'm with it you know
what totally with you as it turns out he
was giving criminals dangerous weapons
they didn't hurt anybody with the
weapons they brought them the criminals
only fuck shit up when Spiderman
interfered they probably heard people
with the weapons we can assume that they
heard people with weapons like what
about a nice to have seen that I would
have been it would have been a little
nice to see that yes thank you all so
going back to it all with this whole
like you know it was fun to see Peter
like fuck up his social life for
super-hearing stuff it also would have
been nice to have a little more
understanding of why being a superhero
is so important - yeah yeah agree I
agree because yeah he was he was turning
down sweet-ass Liz Toombs to go stop a
super villain you don't wonder it say
her last name was Toombs yeah he was
turning down a pretty hot date to stop a
super villain and we don't you know and
we don't have that that big like thrusts
as big a thrust we have a little bit
sometimes a jack oh it's that was time
rich likes like very much time it's 11
we've been streaming for quite some I
think we've been streaming for five
hours alright so I'm going to say that
whenever you're ready I can be ready let
me just let me see so want to pass this
room again yeah that's our anonymous
says rich smashed a copy of Thundercats
and telepathic communication with
animals had Ralph basis-- Keys Return of
the King inside the case okay doesn't
seem like rich really notice nope nope
which one had I'm assuming it was a case
where the boxes were still downstairs at
the tapes were upstairs was that just
anything was shoved in the tape when we
film the episode because it wasn't going
to matter I'm with him no tapes oh shit
no I don't want to come down there yet I
don't know how long it's gonna beat it
feel it he's got feeling in your gut I
stopped looking consider when I get back
to that room the drone on the plane
Vitus even reminded me of the Green
Goblin glider
what's wrong what no no the plane blown
on the plane scene oh I don't remember
drone I don't know you're talking Rome
remember he sent a drone off as a dummy
sent through hardship I don't know I
don't I don't think that's a green
goblin nod though that just looked like
one of those standard like big nose
drones you know that was a clever look
the planes really going where it's
supposed to but it's not thing I made it
made it a heist inada mm-hmm brute force
I take a shit yeah it's great
it was great any and if people exhausted
their questions to us people are still
talking about it a little bit even
Spiderman had a drone that's true even
Spiderman animals fighter drunk rose are
the future it's true they're at world is
changing the world it's about time we
change with the boys about time
anonymous said at the reveal of Michael
Keaton's family
I said he's white out loud in the
theater is that terrible theater manners
do I suck that's terrible regular
manners but you know Liz was what I
would call a lighter skinned black
person and so it would make sense that
she would be of mixed race
as her mom had very dark skin and
Michael Keaton's white so it made sense
to me but yes that is also very bad
theater manners but also did bad manners
in general I was a shock huh it was a
shocked
exclamation that might not be the right
exclamation people chuckle does they
figure out whether or not you're wrong
I'm gonna get there one more time and
that's it
didn't you yell in the theater jack when
you noticed I noticed rich I noticed
rich after the last the end credits
there's a mid credit sequence yeah
that's where you noticed me not not
during the interrogation scene I was
just I was laughing so hard at the
interrogation scene I didn't hear you I
laughed so hard through that fucking
scene maybe maybe I heard you a little
bit but no the time I really noticed you
because the interrogation scene is
hilarious when he's trying to do the
Batman voice but failing miserably no
the time and and you're like I I was
laughing so hard I didn't hear you there
I heard you at the end credits sequence
when Captain America comes on to say
that all these dead credits sequence are
really bullshit and you stayed around
for nothing
right right then I heard you and the
theater and that was the very end of the
movie in the theatre was mostly empty so
then I yelled at rich
all right that's it this is it okay all
right all right
I've done but but by the way it was
totally worth it waiting for that little
bit of copy yeah that was fun
what happened that meant you know like
the mid-credits scene didn't really like
the only purpose was that he's not gonna
tell people they kind of need to do but
like why haven't you made credit secret
it just made mulcher that much more
likable no great and it made sense you
know he saved the vulture again and he
save lives yeah there's a mutual respect
and self oh no pizza train 11 says I
hate to tell the developer but this
dream makes me never ever want to buy
this game oh it might not be for you
that's okay look I am NOT an expert
platformer this is more Jack's thing and
I played for the first you know three
hours
Tyler dwell that's his name Edmund and
Tyler made the game Tom Hollands
performance was great all over the place
yeah like he nailed it the writers
nailed it and the director it's a great
movie I really think it's a great movie
I can't wait I want to see it again I
rarely do that I want to see that again
I want to see that again in the theaters
I have a problem though hmm it's playing
in my local theater yeah I'm down the
street for me yeah in 3d I'm sorry only
3d only 3d the fuck's up with that my
local theater only has two screens cuz
it's an older so it only has two screens
is playing in 3d and so like I could
walk down the street and see it in 3d or
I could drive to the big yeah yeah and I
hate that you're fucked
I've sent them I've sent them an email
my local theatres have them offered 2d
glasses this has to be a technology that
exists right
there's gotta be a pair of those glasses
where both lenses are the same and you
can just view it normally yes I would
love that with maybe some diminished
colors because that's just the nature of
3d but I sent them an email letting them
know that once again I have chosen not
to patronize my lope might the theater
that is down the street from me so I can
go to a different theater to watch a
movie in 2d yep just say I'm just
letting you know as a customer I am NOT
going to your theater because of 3d so
if you think 3d movies bring your
theater you know but anyway alright this
is it this is the end of the this is the
end of the stream this is the part of
the stream in which we think all the
people who have subscribed to us during
this stream much like kecleon Gulf Coast
ghost Mick cosmic for twenty four
fucking months in a row macaws nick says
two years oh my god see any I couldn't
do it yeah yeah that's the only me it's
not for me to do that's not my place vx
135 13 months cirrhosis this plus one
year plus one month went by fast what
the fuck I have too much fun fine if
it's so much fun the time flies by
before you know you'll be an old man
just keep subscribing
oh wait that's a bad thing
girl hats keep subscribing just don't
have quite so much fun so you don't age
quicker so the time isn't fly
have a mild about fun but keep
subscribing oh god
Lindsay yo yo yo yo Paki 1 7 3 4 lies
and s says better time than a two-bit
whore we're better than a good video
yeah but in time that a to better we'll
take it I'll take it bleep odd hmm clone
27 27 for 16 months in a row says at one
point does the main character of the
game yell hey no no strangely enough
that was not in the script baby yeah go
wah wah baba baba yaga la la and I will
get that right one of these times for 19
months in a row and Baba Yaga Lala says
can't wait for the spider-man homecoming
spoil Atuk have a supporting character
ever brought down a movie for you guys
net did for me
oh man right she was fun that was great
he was he was that when Ned when Ned
yelled out to Liz that Peter new
spider-man I was told what the fuck are
you doing Ned fucking Ned but that's
exactly what a high schooler would do
and it made perfect sense that it was
great no fear no envy says now for 29
fucking once in a row first says Silas
game at another stream thought I was
crazy thinking the narrator was rich
Evans Congrats on your big break make a
big break rich salary 7 says thanks jack
for the tips on which hero I should play
with in overwatch you're welcome have a
good time playing the game Mandarin for
14 months in a row gotta get in there
and go getting the character for this
one race you do you do it takes a little
bit to find the voice do alright you got
it
I heard they're The Godfather 42 it's a
30 fucking month in a row
I'm not far forth with it after 30
months you had frost have come pretty
good a review a video game
thank you thank you thank you dis dat
720 two fucking months in a row the
fried pickled herring Blanc 47 says
seven months in and there's no end in
sight Z a game child UK he says 11
months ago I stopped being a cheap
bastard love you guys keep up the good
work
Chernobyl kinsmen 427 fucking months in
a row says have you paid your dues jack
have you paid your dues what dudes huh I
guess you haven't he has not paid his
dues what's a dues you don't know what
to do this I know what to do this I go
money like a Union to stay in the
organisation
yeah we're part of the the professional
streamer let's players union local two
two two two more boasts 1000 been
subscribing with Amazon Prime for ten
months now do you get a cut of my
subscription even though I'm not
actually paying anything yes we do more
bows which is the great part of Emma's
on Prime subscriptions you don't you
just have to click a button you don't
pay any extra money we get money it's
crazy there's wonderful things it's a
wonderful thing
cast Jane or cast Jill I'm not I'm not
sure what's going on there for the
pronunciation that's what I got I mean
either way you see three fucking
consonants in a row you don't know what
the fuck to do
see ass J maybe no that's that's cast
jaw or cast J sure right no Denso
Washington striker 11 21 for twenty six
fucking months in a row says I hear
Rich's voice in my dreams sometimes I do
yeah like after a long edit session like
if I'm really in it like I'm just look
rich you have to understand sometimes I
listen to you for like eight hours in a
row I'm so sorry
and then like I hit the BET I hit the
bed I start dreaming it's just rich
Evans in there I'm so sorry
you know that's why I mean that's why I
need so much vacation time where are we
the blue prism says nice work cool dudes
big v6 six nine one no escape hurlan
Merlin
brave cadet nerd smack cool trainer why
handy since I'm still gay was that
supposed to change did the conversion
therapy not work big shot there me sorry
for that offended anyone mr. Roberts
obviously not sorry enough not to say it
because I wouldn't oh I was hearing
something about kids who sometimes get
shipped off to these kind of Christian
emergency retreats like overseas and
they're they're basically kidnapped oh
yeah yeah no no there's no basically
about it yeah they are straight-up
kidnapped in a foreign country yeah no
way back
it's tough believe in Jesus or else if
they're not going home yeah Jesus yeah
some awful shit mister did you say mr.
rabbit mr. rabbit I just didn't know you
got to shout outs maybe but I don't know
it's fine or maybe one half ass one G
shots for thirty four fucking months in
a row and G shot says yes ain't right
what gotta say alright twitch is
changing oh sorry
twitch is changing
a new month is past my subscription
can't be canceled can he survive of
course he can thanks for all the great
streams rich loved the new wheel the
worst Daniele you that's which we knew
is gone twitch has changed it's already
changed and things are how they're going
to be now there's this thing called a
bit what the fuck's a bit the world is
ever changing so the fact that something
changed shouldn't be surprising or need
be stated it's been changing quite
rapidly really since the 1920s
ever since the Industrial Revolution the
rate of change is exponentially grown Oh
like that we're not so different you and
I because we both feel the same way
about chain krob for twenty six fucking
months in a row says it's being in games
the new playing games yes Audrey odd
tricks says to down tend to go JJ cheek
er for 18 months in a row ghek e 'g
anger v menopause says Studio Highland
puppet paradise alright miss a lot of
weird things they were yeah
miss hunky and miss conky says I'm only
here because my boyfriend lol fuck his
cock that's that's your job miss conky
we're not this like that and I'm doing
that shit you can't outsource that to us
don't leave how much
can I put a wig on him first that's a
weird thing man I'm young from behind in
a dark room for no money fuck his cock
oh fuck his cock oh yeah that's
everything changes everything don't park
Alex in the I sense there's not a
liberal prereq and a conservative prereq
there's the United States of prereq yes
boom glob of bread Bless America strike
a 95 the arc Mitter
424 fucking months in a roses what the
heck Frederick row I have multiple elves
but I can roll my arse really good
substitution roll lulululu
roll lavender lavender night
I think it's lavender dark night is that
all there is a dark in there land or
dark know it but see it's a Lavin dark
night oh my god they pushed it together
now I can understand why you stopped to
stir up this and analyze it perfectly to
confuse us Lavin dark night says late to
stream busy watching we love the worst
that's the fucking life it's fine you
can watch it later on the video
on-demand it's yeah get some money
appreciate now we're pretty that's fine
we appreciate you saying so but hey
thanks
hey everybody thanks for coming out I've
merged shouldn't need them
