Mar 1, 2017
Horizon Zero Dawn
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/130640715
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QFVKhAhqv6k
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/836969977303425025

button the way in which I'm streaming is
a little different than normal so
forgive me if anything sounds weird or
is in general off but you should be
seeing me talking to you right now and
the game this is my this is my webcam
refresh everyone this is my makeshift
webcam as I don't have a webcam here
we'll see where yeah we should be doing
alright I think we're dropping frames
but we should be doing all right hello
hello it's working it's working great
great we were you know what as soon as
we started talking about Supergirl and
sister act I knew it was time to start
the stream here's what we'll do to get
the stream looks really going there we
go
great we're just gonna pour beverage
really quick a delicious delicious
delicious snack before we start with
horizon zero dawn not a lot like
Helldivers actually you know what it's a
lot like Dragon's Dogma
it's a little Dragon's Dogma it's a
little Metal Gear Solid five as far as
the open world and of all the different
things you can do Jack why you know
camera cuz I actually don't have I don't
have a webcam here is the weird thing
I have webcams like on my my laptop but
I'm not streaming for my laptop I don't
have a standalone webcam at home I don't
know if I can turn up my volume we're
gonna see hold on give me one second
here I don't know if I can yeah I think
I can there I now my volumes up so you
should be able to hear me wow that might
have gotten a little loud so now you
should be able to hear me a little bit
better we'll see is it weird
you didn't say the magic word what magic
word did I notice the real-time
volumetric clouds I did not I did not
there is a way I could turn off the
entire overlay but I'm in complete
control of the stream tonight so I want
the overlay there for consistency sake
and so I'm gonna I'm gonna keep it I'm
gonna keep it there because there's no
rich here to tell me what to do and you
guys know that I love this overlay so
we're keeping it
Jack controls the vertical I control the
horizontal that's true all right let's
get into the game that's what you get
delicious delicious the snack drinking
my favorite MKE brewing hop freak thanks
for coming out guys tonight thank you
thank you for coming out tonight I know
it's it's a little weird not having not
having rich here not having the normal
camera the the issue is actually rich
had to shoot something yesterday that I
didn't have to shoot so he didn't get a
chance to play as much horizon zero dawn
as I have and so he is at home right now
catching up so we can film our review
Friday night and hopefully have the Edit
done over the weekend so we can play the
switch which obviously is important for
us it's another thing that we want to
review so this is horizon zero dark a
really beautiful game hopefully we'll
see some nice vistas a third-person
action-adventure game who hears all of
our sweet moves we got that we have a we
have a bow and arrow
we can jump look at that we can do all
sorts of thing is it has robot dinosaurs
that's the thing it has robot dinosaurs
and hopefully we can find something so
what I'm gonna do today because I know
that the game is pretty new and some
people might not want spoilers I am
planning on just doing these side
missions and that way in case there are
in case there's anyone who is really
concerned with spoilers you won't see
this your words aren't synching with
your mouth oh that's weird in case
there's anyone super interested in
spoilers I'm not doing any of the story
missions I'm only gonna do the side
missions here is the amount of map that
I have revealed so far to give you an
idea of where I am in the game you you
start off in this little in this little
area here and this whole map opens up it
is giant and look at all that shit look
at all of the shit in this game there's
so much of it there's just so much shit
so uh but I figured I'd start is one of
these side missions is these corrupted
zones where some of the robot dinosaurs
have been corrupted and so I figured I
would go there and fight some dinosaurs
so you could see what the fighting looks
like but first we do have a tip from
before the stream started Eddie Edwards
says hey guys not going to be able to
watch the stream tonight stupid British
time zones but just wanted to know your
thoughts on the whole Jim a sterling
lawsuit Fiasco for when I get a chance
to watch this hopefully you guys have
been keeping up with that Jim sterling
got sued for negative
which way am I going that way in general
that way in general to the corrupted
zone maybe more than that way Jim
sterling got sued for negative reviews
is the short of it and has been going
through the process of a lawsuit for a
very long time my if you are if you're a
fan of Jim quitting I just did a video
on it and you know I'm glad it's over
for him
I don't watch his show but no one should
have to deal with the utter utter BS of
civilan saying don't say bad things
about my game that's BS that's all I can
say about that
I I've never really watched his show I
mean I know he's out there and as rich
and I have talked about a lot I don't
really watch a lot of other critics
because usually I don't want the things
I say being influenced by other people
so basically any time you see like one
of these little what I'm doing here is
you see this little white thing that
pops up that means that is a resource
that I can mine basically and so I'm
just picking it up and it's all stuff I
can craft or use health-wise
Gavi - here we go so so there are
regular robot dinosaurs but then there
are also corrupted robot dinosaurs so
regular robot dinosaurs just act like
normal animals but corrupted robot
dinosaurs are angry robot animals and so
some of our missions are to go to these
corrupted zones and just see like that
robot is like a red all around it so
some of our missions are just to like go
to these zones and and take care of
these animals he's gonna see me so we
gotta hide cuz I don't want to alert
everyone I think there's three of them
here this is this should be a pretty
simple one I'm hoping
I'm hoping this will be a simple one
go there's a ton of upgrades that you
can get that was my sneak attack you
just saw my very powerful sneak attack
so a lot like Metal Gear Solid 5 this
game has kind of open areas and you can
choose how to take on your enemy and
there's some miles well you know like I
want to say mob but there's actually a
decent amount of stealth involved do
they move in herds I don't know if they
move in herds I'll be quite honest with
you sometimes they move in herds this
we're just dealing with a small group of
them oh shit he's gonna see me it's fine
so if you see kind of a right above my
head there's that line and that means
I'm in stealth all this red stuff means
I'm in stealth we might have to fight
somebody here I'm gonna try to take him
out with my stealth
go and now this guy sees me so let's you
know what let's just fight let's just
see what see what happens if we fight
little rolling nothing wrong with a
little rolling what's up there oh there
is there we go that was an easy
corrupted zone so then we loot the
bodies we loot the corpses easy peasy
lemon squeezy new level reached boom
okay great so that was an end that was a
nice easy one that that kind of gives
you an idea of of the combat you have
light attack and you have heavy attack I
have a perk right now where my heavy
attack can knock things over and then I
can get super attacks that time I didn't
need to use my bow at all so it's just a
light attack heavy attack the other
thing to know about this game is you
have a
did you know that death stranding will
use this engine I did not know that I
did not know that death stranding will
use this engine I have no particular
thoughts about whether or not death
stranding uses this engine I'm very
sorry I'm very very sorry now let's see
here Humberto cabbage matches hi jack in
my class this evening we watched a video
about negotiating but the editing was so
bad I couldn't stop laughing or the
acting was so bad I couldn't stop
laughing nobody else thought it was
funny
thank you best to the worst for my
cynicism yeah that happens you started
noticing stuff what could you please say
we in sync with the head for bitch or
let's see here we go okay so what were
they so the other thing in this game is
it has detective vision you have a
little thing that you found from the
ancient world the wood technology world
and it's this and it kind of gives you
this techno vision where you can see
stuff like over there there is a
destroyed machine and it gives you this
weird techno visioned see but didn't eat
and when you use weird detective vision
you can see like people through walls
and stuff and also I can do that scan
stuff great
great ancient debris great so this is
set in the far-off up there's a turkey
this is said in the far-off future so
far off that people are now scared of
Technology man has gone has gone too far
with technology and it's it destroyed us
all so you can see these like cool
leftover rubble buildings it's all neat
all right what do we want to do now we
have so many quests that need be done
and I've saved all my side quests for
the stream tonight and so I figured I'd
get a couple of them done
what is that one
is that that one
finally Jen no what's this one sanctuary
find the missing Braves and Devil's
thirst
this sanctuary is that that was this one
didn't know it needs to dream a lot
easier well shit
yeah we'll do this one okay
I could not replace the camp picture
that is the camera picture that I have
at the moment
have you made any changes to the UI
because I know it's highly customizable
okay so here's the thing about here's
the thing about the HUD the HUD is one
of the most ugly and intrusive things
you will see in any game hold on I will
show you also this is really weird look
at this graphics mode and HDR rendering
both unavailable kind of weird right
kind of weird that must be for the ps4
Pro okay so let's go to HUD right now I
have it on custom let's go to always on
and see what it looks like look at how
much shit is on the screen there's the
left and right thing there's the health
stuff every time you gather an object or
craft something it shows up on screen
there's the compass there is you're on
the top right that is your your
experience your levels that your current
weapon I hate it all I hate all that
shit on my screen and so I have said but
you could like I have it's a custom and
you can change everything look at all
this stuff look at all this stuff you
can change so I have a lot of it set to
basically dynamic which means it only
pops up when it is relevant
just keeping my compass on most of the
time and that's how I like it but there
is a ton of garbage there is a ton of
garbage that is on your screen all the
time these red plants
those are the important stuff if you see
that green bar underneath the red bar
that green bar is actually healing oh
here we go here's a dinosaur able to
write that I have a upgrade to my staff
where I can take control of certain
animals and I haven't actually taken
control of one of these guys yet so I
don't know if I can write it or a
filters fight for me but let's see if we
can ride one because I would like to
ride one
if not I'll try to fight it and then you
get to see me fighting it so anytime I'm
in these red plants you can see like
that eyeball in the center of the screen
and now the eyeball is shut was finding
stuff
I don't think I have not overridden one
of these guys yet can I ride you can I
ride you know okay he's just gonna be a
friend he's gonna fight other guys for
me I really would like to ride him there
are some animals that you can ride and
unfortunately that's not one of them oh
shit
yeah you go fight over there I'm gonna
run away
oh good they're just running away that's
fine I can deal with that I can deal
with that
whoa whoa I can write him how's that
uh-oh they're gonna they're over there
fighting well fine here we go that one
up there I can ride that one of their
canard I don't want to ride one so you
guys sneak up on him he is a he's a
Strider he's a horse
he's basically a horse there we go all
right yeah and they can kind of kind of
fight as well but a little which way my
god where am I going
okay we'll but mostly it's just for
getting around faster and there is a
quick travel system but right now I'm
just kind of enjoying the world so I'm
not really utilizing the quick travel
system I'm just enjoying riding around
okay so I should go all the way
find John I'll be honest I really forget
what this quest is there are so many
quests that I put off for today stream
this is yes a LOI a LOI is the only
playable character in this game there
are no playable character options I am
and if you play you will be a Lloyd
which I'm fine with you know as far you
guys know me like as far as story is
concerned I'm not a big story person but
I I get this story here and it's not the
worst way which way they don't want to
go we go right sometimes there there is
an option for basically like a
highlighted path seeing like and I I've
wanted to turn it off because I just
didn't want like there's just so much
shit on the screen that I didn't want
more shit on the screen but you do get
lost a lot and I know I can
I know I can have a highlighted path but
like I said there's just so much crap on
the screen at all times let's see yeah
okay so I want to go to straight and
then left and so my trade off for less
crap on the screen is constantly
checking my map
oh that's right I wanted to go
okay find John John is up there is this
earth yes this is future earth in the
future I can run over in the future you
can run over a bore in the future man
has destroyed themselves and the earth
because of Technology and this is far
off in the future where we have started
over as a race of people I should fight
these guys and and so now all these
people are
you know one
our one with nature and believe that the
machines are dangerous you know they
treat the machines like animals
missed have a ballon here we go
so you see it's a little there's a
little you know there's there's some
combat combat prowess to be had I've got
a dodge use your light and heavy attacks
it's not the most intense combat system
you can have but it's definitely
serviceable or it's a serviceable
customization yes well there are they're
not customizations as far as like your
character but you can get different
armors and the the different armors have
different protection levels here I can
show you I can show you some that I have
so like here is the outfit I'm wearing
now here's a different one here's one so
like you get different outfits and and
they do different things different to
protection things
yeah we gotta get up to alloy here we go
I'm sorry horse gotta leave you here
sorry Robo horse yep just a jack solo
stream tonight rich is actually busy
playing this game for our next review so
he can't be here on stream or else we'd
have to either take turns playing or
he'd have to play while talking so he
wouldn't absorb the game properly
is someone there
so far you and II checked out Legion
yeah yeah I've watched Legion I am
really enjoying it so far
that's what stole my dream willow and
left me to die wait Jack not saying
means he skipped some cutscenes I have
not I have not skipped any cutscenes in
my playthrough
so I am paying attention to the story
why because it's the most valuable herb
I gather of course they took nothing
else no mark my words seem just a
cutscene right now
it's shards they're after and they'll
kill to get it okay which way did the
outcasts go up the mountain I think you
might catch them if you hurry whatever
you do don't let their shabby looks fool
you they'll kill you so this quest is
I'm looking for an herb to save
somebody's brother or something there's
something I'm not exactly sure okay so a
lot like I talked about when it talked
about Batman's detective vision a lot of
the side quests have to deal with this
malarkey so if you can see this like
faint pink outline of someone right
there it means they're leaving tracks
and here it's hard to see on the white
snow but you can kind of faintly see
little pink little pink footsteps here
here or something here's another outline
and so a lot of the side quests just
basically have you follow a breadcrumb
trail to get to the next point the side
quests turn very monotonous very soon
luckily there's no other ones like that
that clear the infected area ones that
we came up colonel roach muster says
Jack horizon zero dawn so far good
matter all right I guess game
I'd say it's good I'm having a good time
playing so far I think it's very
interesting
kill the machines Oh a big machine fight
look at this guy okay
okay so now we get to have a big fight
I've got a rope at it that'll slow it
down it's great then I can use my bow
and arrow blow it up a little bit
try to knock it around
we're gonna try to knock it knock it
around a little bit it's great good Robo
fights
and then loot their corpses the robo
fights you know a lot like a lot like
what I talked about with Dragon's Dogma
you know the story I don't super care
about but the individual like the big
fights are kind of where it's worth it
here and fighting the big creatures is
very very satisfying all right so now
that we've defeated these guys will talk
to the hold on I think biscuits trying
to get in
I see biscuit is outside my office door
hold on we're gonna see what biscuit
wants
Hey biscuit just wanted to say hey
biscuit hopefully you heard hopefully
you heard a biscuit meow I don't know
what he's doing out there but he's doing
something speak to us
the matriarch cast me out of birth I
don't mean much to me but an outcast no
longer Bob biscuit is my capped I have a
very large Kent and biscuit is my cat
well um let's see here oh I wasn't
paying at the scene now that I'm
streaming I'm not paying attention where
do these robots come from and who's
making them a lot of these robots are
left over from the old world from when
humans were more technologically
advanced some of them are being created
now by by people who are looking to take
over this world did you take the dream
because we have wounded why else would
we take it something terrible has
happened to the tribe I kind of pay
attention to the story now hold on
protection the machines are angry and
bandits infest the sacred land of prey
upon us why else would outcasts break
custom and band together but that we
have no choice even so we did not steal
we left shards in the stashes and tried
to pay John but of course he would not
speak to us
okay let's see here John said you
roughed him up he was too busy cringing
to know what happened so we need we knew
this dream willow or to save somebody's
sister or something these guys stole it
but now they say they need it and it's a
whole it's a whole thing you asking or
demanding talking one person to another
see I'm trying to pay attention to his
story this is just a side mission so I
don't necessarily need to pay attention
to be here biscuit in the background
okay I have some dream willow now so now
I need to get back now I need to get
back
get back and men get that dream wheel
out of whoever needs it Ola okay we're
good all right gotta get down the
mountain you had a dog fish head 90
minute IPA uh yeah I think I've had that
before that's an all right IPA nothing
terrible about that whoo okay I guess
we're we're sliding down this mountain
that's that's fine that's one way down
where am I going well I gotta return to
Jim oh I'm going the wrong you know
where I'm going the wrong way
Dogfish Head is yeah that's an all right
IPA red flower thank you so you kind of
fill up the green bar with that medicine
and then when you need it you see the
green bar goes down and your health bar
goes up that's how that green bar works
and so you find these little plants to
constantly fill up your little green bar
no I don't get up here hey it's quite
possible I missed something
this is how I got up here before not my
horse
oh hey a fire fires are saved points
is rich lost in the view mirror muted
triangle no rich is just at home playing
this game so we can review it for our
next episode okay here we go back to
June talk to June the buzzer extreme on
Sunday just hearing how much fun you had
getting into them but yeah those that
dynasty Warriors type no there is hold
on here's the dream willow take it to
fiha and mother's rise there are wounded
Braves there who need it badly I will I
cream of the outcasts did those wretches
pay for their crimes ganging up together
speaking to each other and to us I hope
you see I was raised as an outcast in
the mountains of both mother's heart
look like that's the backstory is we are
an outcast because we did not have a
mother and we are raised by an outcast
and we the story starts when we are
trying to complete a trial to be
accepted in girl who freed you and
recovered your dream willow for the
tribe I've been diced you take care of
what you need to take care of that's all
right my name is Tate I hear biscuit
eating in the background so we probably
won't hear biscuit for a little bit
Thanks we get a reward box oh we have a
lot of reward boxes okay
oh shit shit
great great great great
this game has skill trees as you can see
right here where you can upgrade certain
abilities that's why I can do that do
that whole knock people over things I
can knock people over and then have a
critical hit say gain experience points
can do shit like that it's great it's
great and everything's great see you
look there now you see you'd like right
to the to the left of me there like
every time he grabbed something and he
shows up on screen there there's a lot
of shit on screen a lot of shit on
screen everywhere
all right where we gonna go down I'm
gonna do another quest let's do more
quests here is another corrupted zone
that we can probably do and a forsaken
village what's the first second village
Kings
that's the Forsaken village I don't know
but you know what let's head let's head
in that direction anyway and we'll go to
this corrupted zone and see if we can
clear out we can clear out those
corrupted right
let's take a right on the mountain this
way yeah okay whoa here we go
everything's I'm
probably our first dream with the switch
will be one to switch or whatever that
game is called as we'll probably do a
proper breath of the wild ouch review so
let's switch stuff are you buying so far
just breath of the wild one to switch
and the switches themselves we talked
about this in chat a little bit before
we started which is like I don't want to
buy the pro controller or anything else
with a switch until I get comfortable
with the machine itself and just kind of
you know see what it ships with before I
go by and accessories for it
well that is very far away well then
it's very far away well more into a
thing before we get too far yes
we
what oh so there is fall damage to the
game hop by the way I was trying to save
that lady I haven't come across a lady I
could save yet and we're gonna see if we
can find another way down the mountain
so I can save that lady and not die I
think we should try that there is in
fact fall damage
look at blue whoa please don't let me
die then I die
all right well we'll find it we'll find
a better way down we will find a better
way down the the mountain see if we can
save that lady here we go I thank you if
we go down over here okay well that hurt
but I'm still alive here we go
oh sorry you're the one I'm trying to
save
there I saved you
that's it you're not gonna give me any
special treasure I'm not gonna give
anything special I mean you're welcome
I'm glad I could help you know kind of
save your life
and be be its new to all of their
corpses you've done her a kindness yes I
have done her kindness but what does
that mean look at that thing
should we try to take that thing out I
mean we wait there's if there's a
campfire I'll go save at the campfire
and then we'll go try to take out that
turtle thing I don't know what it is
oh there's okay
all right let's go see if we can get
that turtle thing that's a new ish robot
dinosaur to me so we'll see if we can go
kill it where is it
oh there it is if we can go kill a
turtle robot dinosaur thing
a shell Walker so I'll use this arrow
hey knock the thing off its back
Oh chip chip
nice
okay what it's a shell thing go oh here
it is chill water apparently they have
chill water in them it's a no crap I
don't know what it is that guy looks
angry don't go that way
all right great back to your business
but
all right where was it going this way
this oh yeah we're gonna take care of
the corrupted zone that's right we are
gonna go here to the corrupted zone so I
take it you can't you can craft stuff
with the things you take from the robots
a guilty yeah you you can craft stuff
you take there if we go into the
crafting menu there's way to modify your
weapons modify your outfits you can
craft potions you can craft all sorts of
crap the most important thing you need
to craft here is is a your ammunition
that's how you make arrows is if you
notice on the lower right hand side that
screen there's that X with the craft
button and so I need to find some crap
to to make arrows and rope and these
things all of your weapons ammunition
needs to be crafted here I think the
nice thing is you can actually craft it
on the fly like that so as you're firing
you can craft stuff that's a really nice
way to handle it but yeah you need to
craft motherfucking everything I made a
potion out of a robo Dino like no
actually there's animals every once in a
while I think there's some boar over
here before like you need to kill
animals in order to get like boar meat
to craft your potions correctly
Watchers as a lightweight see if we can
see anymore
so every once in a while you need to
kill animals and stuff in order no I
don't like that in order to craft your
weapons more appropriately
try to run past those guys I could fight
them I just don't is jack liking this
game yes I am liking this game this is a
crap I am indeed liking this game I
think there's there's a lot of fun in
here a good world good adventure good
action as you see her right here
I I'm doing very well obviously because
my character is leveled up and I I've
purchased all of the necessary upgrades
and so you know I kind of have a good
flow where I do a strong attack and then
I have an option to do a finisher move
so it may seem easy from the outset but
I've worked up to figuring out all of
these moves so right now I'm kind of
gathering all of these red flowers that
I can to make sure that my medical bar
is filled in case there are some big
fights you can also get health potions I
have okay I have four health potions so
meeting guys over there I think we're
heading close to the corrupted zone how
do you think how long do you think we'll
take for me to get bored um I don't know
you know I'm trying I want to say I'm
maybe somewhere between 12 and 15 hours
into the game and by the way can we just
as gamers kind of start insisting that
every platform keep track of how many
hours you've played a game it really
bothers me that PlayStation does not
keep track of how many hours I've played
the game and I'd really like to know how
long I've played the game but I want to
say I'm 12 or 15 hours and oh there's a
board and so far I am NOT bored the
story is very simple but it's enough to
keep me going and the the side quests
are interesting and the story wise as
I've noted mechanically a lot of these
side quests are really the same but I
feel like I'm progressing and I'm seeing
new areas they're the areas are so
different looking like before I was in
the badlands and now look I'm in like a
beautiful forest sight this is gorgeous
just a gorgeous game did you get biscuit
from a shelter or breeder biscuit we got
from a breeder only becomes biscuit is a
Siberian as a long-haired Siberian cat
and so biscuit is actually
hypoallergenic I could ride these guys
these guys biscuits hypoallergenic and I
got we got a hypoallergenic camp because
specifically because of things like you
know rich and other friends being
allergic and actually my dad is allergic
to cats so the boys really wanted a cat
but we needed a hypoallergenic cat so we
had to get biscuit from a breeder
the grass this game is angry it's
beautiful is what it is gorgeous this
world is
when will we get a biscuit emote that's
a great question
that is a great question where am i okay
my plan is to save at this campfire and
then go into the corrupted zone that's
that's the smart move turkey
that is the smart move right there
there's a whole village over here what
is that village a vantage point
I don't know there's a lot of things I
still don't know about the game yet okay
but here's the bonfire I'm sweeping
quicksave I would like to pet this can I
come over no probably not right now I'm
one you'd interrupt this dream No
so think about that you can sell you can
sell you you you echo shell echo shell
is a really important act I want to see
if he has any echo shells I find no of
course now I find myself at a loss for
Echo shells constantly okay
investigate the forsaken village well
we'll do that we'll do that next we are
heading to the Forbidden Zone or the
corrupted zone stock up on all these red
plants that we can get our hands on as
that is our health see Fox oh there we
go I see a lot like I was talking about
that Batman vision before you can see
them through the trees so we are gonna
be sneaky here and I'll show you some of
the fun tools we get to use
so you sell me use my little like rope
sling the thing which can pin down your
foes but now we're gonna use our trip
caster which if you see there sits a
little trap for them and then we
actually have other traps there so now
I'm gonna get some of their attention by
blowing them up
hello I'm gonna come over here and run
into my tripwire and my explosion
try to do things like that I can knock
them down and hit him with my critical
hit when it's my explosion it's my
explosion
oh I got a cup
this might have been a smart idea
so what I'm gonna do here is tie that
guy down with my wire so I don't have to
deal with him basically get other water
get out of the water please
get part of them okay I got trapped in
the water do you think you should
compare this to neo in the review
colonel rich mustard we we got a lot of
complaints that we compared neo to
blood-borne and I'm gonna go ahead and
say that's 100% bull hockey because neo
was attempting to rip off blood-borne
which is why we compared it to all our
two Dark Souls they were trying to rip
off the Dark Souls blood-borne from
software brand which is why we compared
it so heavily to the Dark Souls
blood-borne world this is using a lot of
very standard third-person action
mechanics
time to prepare all right we're gonna be
a little sneakier this time
compare this game to health Ivor's right
so no like we won't be we wouldn't we
would never compare this to blood-borne
in that sense to de Lyonne - okay so
there's three of them there's three one
we have to deal with in the corrupted oh
no I did not want to do that
now we're gonna blow up a line is what
we're gonna do
okay one down it's now the birds the
birds are freaking out but they don't
see me you see they have like the yellow
question marks over them that means
they're looking for me
what is the audio like the audio is okay
I have one really big issue with the
audio well hold on so like they have the
yellow thing right now and that means
they're looking for me if it turns red
that means they found me so right now
we're going to we're gonna play with
them a little bit see if I can get this
one to follow me pass my trap hello oh
we're here oh yeah I hate my trap
really look I got old trapper here oh
you single bitch
- garnet wait get out of the water get
out of the water I have two traps here
and you guys aren't hitting any of them
shit if I'm in the corrupted I can't
feel properly
all because he didn't hit my trap why
didn't you hit my trap
we owe you some more
nope nope not doing great here guys okay
you're not doing great here are you not
stick
I kind of want to die at this point
Jackie grew up on a farm you should be
better at this I've been playing this
game so I should be better than I'm just
gonna let him come it was a particular
it was the Triplanetary
he was perpendicular to the tripwire
yeah but he still should have tripped it
right he still should have tripped the
tripwire even though he was
perpendicular to it also y'all should
watch cool ghost video in general cuz
they're good MA I agree I really like
Matt Matt Li's I followed his stuff for
a while and he does cool ghosts now and
they do really good long-form video game
discussion stuff so I agree is I guess
what I'm saying alright we had a pretty
good plan here earlier you don't see me
you don't see me I'm not ready yet I'm
not ready for you yet there's my
tripwire then my backup is gonna be here
that's gonna be my explosion is this one
here's good okay
where's that was your friend your friend
is who I'm worried about right now
speaking of Dark Souls knockoff gonna
check out the sci-fi knockoff the surge
not what how did you see me
what
but he jumped over my freakin tripwire
gosh darn it things are not going great
already all my plans that helped
that helped
shit everything's fine everything's
fucked okay got one down that one down
everything's fine everything's fine
what running running running can't run
can't run because I'm in the corrupted
running
giant chicken robots to Opie no they
just keep messing with my flow I had I
had a perfectly reasonable plan and they
didn't
they weren't paying attention to my plan
I had a very well-crafted plan and they
weren't paying any attention to it they
were off doing their own thing so we're
gonna try the plan again but a little
differently okay I see him now I see
that cat now so the more all the stories
like what I'm hoping to do is take care
of the cat before I take care of them
so I could use some cover over here
which I see I'm not going to get I'm
just going to explore some more of the
area where's the cat shit shit
already all fucking ready guys do you
see this shit yeah you deal with that
wouldn't be with this cat
you can't the cat I can deal with in
like two swoops here see the cat's done
already
now we got to deal with this shit their
fucking tie down
right time fucking rope I'm trying to
deal with these guys I'm trying to deal
with these dickheads they don't see me
dancing
okay
okay we're running away you're running
away running away running away
fire fire is normal
fires normal yeah next time as soon as
I'm done with this fight we will check
we will check our tips no we're gonna
let them lose me for a little bit
go go go fuck you
Oh God alright well we almost have one
of them down so that's something I think
that's something
Oh got one of them got one of them okay
and there we go there we go we've got to
freeze him sometimes
there we go there we go now we are now
we are dealing with now we are dealing
with members we can deal with freeze all
sorts of little
what the fuck is that I've all sorts of
little deals tools that you can
yeah fuck you you'll all sorts of little
tools which is very nice but it becomes
a little there we go
whoo that's great good fights good
fights good fights so like here this is
like a slingshot that shoots ice pellets
or shock ballots then you have your
tripwire shooter then you have the
little rope that ties them down then you
have your bow and arrow that shoots
different projectiles you got all
sources shit it's great it's just great
it means the the ways in which you can
approach a fight are numerous what's in
the water giant robot crocodiles snap
Maas is what they're called they're
giant robot crocodiles and if they
decided to join the fight I would have
been so utterly fucked Bob they didn't
join the fight so we can loot all the
corpses
which is very important and I think I
said I was going to check tips really
quick let's see here oh all pact death
tramp says I bought binding of issac in
January after hearing you rave about it
I've never before been so happy to find
a dime what is your favorite powerup
combo and what items do you avoid in the
binding of issac usually and like my
favorite calm combo is is any sort of
damage up and Guppies head which every
room gives you like kind of a spread I
did something something that happened on
the stream oh oh there we go was I had
brimstone and we're not cuppie's head
even though I liked Guppies head -
what's the other cat the other cat head
the white cat head that gives you that
spray yeah this is Jack solo stream
what's the other cat's head it's not
guppy Tammy's head thank you Tammy's
head and any sort of damage up I love
because then you can just go into a room
and wreck everything and of course
anything flight will give you an
immediate advantage usually I avoid
guppy just the dead cat that means if
you die you start the room over again
with only one heart I like to stack
power-ups and that basically negates
everything so I I will always always
always stay away from guppy Guppies head
in a pinch is grade the the generate
flies every room Guppies head is great
Guppies paw
can be very useful but Guppies guppy I
stay away from and even Guppies collar I
usually stay away I try to stay away
from any cursed items cursed items have
a random chance to teleport you if you
get hit and I do not everything's great
let's see here Jack will you be getting
a micro SD card for your switch or do
you already have one lying around oh
yeah I have a ton of micro SD cards I
might get a dedicated one for the switch
but I have a ton lying around and I plan
on buying cartridges anyway so you like
this yeah I do I I'm enjoying this game
so far there there's as you can clearly
see I think it's a gorgeous world I love
how big everything is look at how
fucking big this map is and I just like
walking around and killing robot
dinosaurs that was a really fun fight
even though like it took me a couple
times to get it that was a very fun
fight we're gonna see that this vantage
point is all about I don't know what
that is I've never been to a vantage
point yet but really good combat the
stories alright sigh I'm actually
interested in seeing where the story
goes
but for me it's all about that robo
combat all right let's see who else do
we have here in our tips Jack your voice
is like a soothing balm you might have a
secret future career as a narrator on
New Age meditation tapes well I one can
only hope
who's the oh shit hey guess what I
wasn't paying attention and now I have
cats yeah cats
cats everywhere
but I gotta deal with these fucking cats
yeah cool look at that see cats come
come that's great
combats great fucking kids
the combat is limited but it makes you
feel good when you defeat a giant robot
dinosaure I I wish I'm wishing for some
more combos it's great your bow and
arrow is great but hi jack I bet you do
a pretty mean Max Headroom impression I
know very little about Max Headroom I
understand that's just for my little
gift there oh there oh I think there's a
big one he's a big Robo dinosaur over
there but I'm not interested in that I
want to know what this vantage point is
is this is this literally just a
sightseeing point is what I'm assuming
access Vantage cachet okay this is the
first time I've done this we're going to
play the Vantage
okay also just pretty viewpoint so that
was an audio recording I don't know look
at this oh it's great
alright I already played the vintage
idea I don't think that let's see what's
up here what animal is up here
not necessarily worried about that I
think oh yeah this is where we want to
go next we want to see what the forsaken
village is we're not gonna worry about
those guys right now any plans to play
tides of numeira I don't think we do as
I don't really know what that is so no
plans are our immediate plans are this
is gonna be the next episode which if
everything goes smoothly which it won't
we are going to film our discussion on
Friday and hopefully I will have it
edited over the weekend so we can then
have time to play around with the switch
and breath of the wild then and then
that's that so then that's those are the
next episodes is is this switch breath
of the wild
my machines must have come across
captain belongs but you're all here what
oh there's some people over there maybe
I'll talk to them there's a Mercker
point here tight schedule oh yeah I'm
not super thrilled like you know we're
trying like I'm the biggest thing is you
know we're trying not to rush anything
you know still get the hours into the
game that's needed to have a good
discussion hello are you friends no
you're not fighting me so you must be
friends
great
we investigate the first sinking village
why am i investigating the forsaken
village oh here we go there's purple
stuff okay
the hairs purple stuff so a lot of times
you have to use your detective vision
and here we go come here and examine
like track oh yeah well so once again
remember before we had to find the
tracks ah here we go
you're there so once again in our sign
mission we need to find the track and
then follow the track got soda milk
purple stuff Sunny D right so this is
what I was talking about earlier as far
as the side missions getting a little
repetitive and so as you see here once
again we are just were fun you know
we're following bread crumbs and the
bread comes come to us via our detective
vision I like the game so far I like I
said in chat earlier I have a few very
nitpicky few very nitpicky things
so we gotta follow so nothing like that
that whole point was to get to that
helmet that I just examined and now
these are a separate pair of tracks that
we need to follow to get to our next
point which I'm sure there will be
another pair of tracks to follow could
we find a more interesting side question
this this is most of them it's this
infighting robots and I I'm trying to
switch it up as much as I can but this
is most of them is just following the
tracks hello red flower blood everywhere
so we're gonna have to fight over water
I have not fought a crocodile a robo
crocodile yet so yeah so that let me
here then I highlighted these tracks and
now I follow these tracks to the next
thing Oh bore panties do something here
from you to look at little treasures
there's gonna be oh there's one there's
a robo crocodile getting out of here
get out
these guys I can take care of I want to
deal with these guys before we have to
deal with Romo crocodiles
oh shit there's Robo crocodile
ergo crocodile that's just who I didn't
want to deal with
what you shoot nice at me
thank you fuck you oh yeah lose interest
lose interest in me thank you
I gotta follow these tracks dicks you
dickheads if I rode an animal on stream
yet I think so I think I rode an animal
on the stream you can you can ride
animals
I brought down all the beasts but I
missed out on the feast no I went to the
fair found too many times serious I
wasn't expecting to be found I wasn't
expecting to find a half-clad Karan
soldier singing like a drug
I failed to ride no I wrote an animal I
wrote one animal it just wasn't for very
long would I rather go to Jurassic Park
or West world ah maybe West world seems
like there's a little more to do
Jurassic Park can you just look at stuff
West world you get to interact so I'd
rather go to West world shoot some
people do some other stuff
I gotta kill the snap Maul now now we
got to kill something now we got to kill
that crocodile I guess I could have
killed him earlier
wait do I have to kill all the snap boss
at free sack there fucker
maybe super cheap about this if I can
watch one of my on what's happening
in the fore-end foreign lands
kill the snap MA
this is not gonna well
shit there's another
okay we're gonna die
and we and we did that looks more like a
robot dragon it's a robot crocodile it's
a robot crocodile do you have ranged
weapons yeah like I you know a bit
how many snail are here yeah I have
ranged weapons and I have bombs and
stuff you don't know many of them will
do us any good
here's the question
two three thought a week no weakness to
fire okay okay we can work with this
okay so my other bow I have two bows
this bow has a fire launcher
I use this bow which should be more
helpful
set some traps
he's gonna blow up hopefully over here
there you go
go away run away
right away
well that sucks
that sucked so sorry everyone that that
just kind of sucked and and I'm sorry
let's see here sorry Jen says I'm
SuperDuper excited for the zelda review
do you think you'll get snipper Clippers
- you cut your partner up into shapes -
self puzzle it's a shop only but I heard
good things I actually haven't heard
anything about sniffer Clippers so well
you know we'll probably we need a few
we need a few like just games to play
you know
have this one all along which is
important like once they started
grouping up on you that's when they get
you that's when they get you
oh shit also when they get you is when
they hit you like that shit oh wait shit
we want this one
you're on fire now you're on fire now
there we go
I think we're doing pretty good so I had
to go fly it there for a second oh we
got one we got one
nice oh did we only need to kill the one
well shit that's great that's great we
used up a lot can I craft any potions
that would be great no well shit I think
there are some plants up there that I
could use the fuck is that fog whether
there is dynamic weather in this game
and so it started raining and so we got
fog that's just something that happens
in this game there we go there is
dynamic weather it rains it snows it
gets windy there thank you I didn't want
to die in foreign thank you I felt that
was a pretty good job and that's kind of
the fun is taking on these taking down
those big beasts like I said it's very
it's very similar in my book to
something like Dragon's Dogma where a
lot of the fun in this game is just kind
of walking around and dealing with
enemies leveling up and dealing with
enemies seeing the gorgeous landscapes
why does bone that fat got dark all
right let's see what we want to do now
what do we want to do now fire
what else do I have to do find that
groundskeeper let's uh let's look at our
quests we have a shit ton of side quests
a lot of these are just for XP missing
their father for your suicide now son
priest naman wants to usher in a new era
of reconciliation between tribes by
helping three pilgrims sure let's make
this one
our main quest oh they're all over here
well then we will there is a quick
travel system in the game and so I will
take use of that here we go
Michael Jackson versus Prince Len fly
Kaczynski that is a really tough
question I as most people know I enjoy
both Michael Jackson and Prince I would
probably give it to Prince but what's
Prince without Michael Jackson just
looking at them completely separate not
not connecting the dots at all I give it
to Prince but Prince wouldn't exist
without Michael Jackson so
I see that Jack has become a disembodied
head in the future that's all you get
because I don't have a webcam so I
thought this that accurately that
accurately portrays me talking sorry Len
I'm trying to read chat and read tips
and all that unfortunately you know the
game requires my attention which overall
is a very good thing overall is a very
good thing but you know have I played
Kingdom death monster I have not played
Kingdom or even heard of Kingdom death
monster you'll need a jar to put that oh
that would have been great you know what
next time I'll put my head in a jar yes
okay so for this quest
okay so these son priests not of my
tribe of a different tribe this this
neighbor tribe of ours used to have a
really terrible King the mad son King a
lot like the if anyone has watched her
seen Game of Thrones the Mad King the
Mad King became obsessed in in this game
with blood sacrifices and his son killed
him and stopped the evil reign of
slavery and blood sacrifices and so now
all of these son priests of that
neighbouring tribe are trying to usher
in a new era of reconciliation between
tribes by helping three pilgrims and so
we are going to go help one of those
pilgrims right where's the closest one
here close we're gonna go help some of
those pink pilgrims
kingdom death Monster is a Kickstarter
board game the shut up and sit down guys
reviewed it recently oh okay
well then I I'm sure I'll see it
eventually I also along with cool ghosts
I also subscribed to shut up sit down
there they're one of my favorite board
game commentators I get a lot of great
recommendations from them why could I
use my focus to look around that's
another you know again I'm really
enjoying this game it has it has for me
a bunch of really tiny nitpicks a LOI
over here our character talks a lot she
says a lot of things and anyone who pays
attention to movies or screenwriting has
heard these saying show don't tell this
game really likes to double tell you a
lie just keeps talking see she just said
it again but like we haven't even gotten
to the check point yet and already she's
like I should I could check my focus do
you need me to check my focus focus
you know alloy I'll use the focus if I
damn well want to you know I'm Sam or
wait till I get to the checkpoint first
also I really could use some potions not
gonna happen what do I predict ritual
say about the game I actually don't know
he he called me a little before the
stream to let me know that he'd be a
little delayed because he had broken his
ps4 controller and so he wanted to get
he wanted permission permission you know
for it to use the prereq funds to buy
another ps4 controller which is of
course so he was a little behind he
hasn't gotten very far the beginning of
this game if any of you guys are
thinking about buying this
it starts with maybe an hour and a half
two hour long tutorial which story-wise
is paced very well but gameplay-wise is
low as everliving fuck so he he hasn't
gotten past the tutorial yet and he's a
little upset so you can buy this through
yeah that's right we should have a link
we should have a link to buy this game
through Twitter right now as I opted
into the twitch sales program which if a
game we are playing is available to
purchase there'll be a little purchase
here button and if you purchase it
through us we get a little percentage of
Jesus Christ that as long it is it is
very long like I said story wise it
actually unfolds very nicely and slowly
but gameplay wise it's a ton of yeah I
get it yeah I get it
worked on monuments to their bastard
king then he gave them a show in their
Sun ring for good measure card you gave
me back his broken bones what use are
they they won't build again they won't
make me smile and seeing a statue of a
mad Sun King will I need to see his work
again the marks his hands carved the set
of the medals the hammer that's the soul
of it my back attention to the star that
old priest won't let me near it I'll see
what I can do
you should really put an Amazon
affiliate link in the description of
your YouTube our time archive streams
could be worth taking a look at that's a
good idea zach is wack thank you okay so
in this side quest to make atonement I
need to get this guy into the mine so
maybe this is just a talky side quests
where I don't have to beat anything I
might have to use my smarts if you want
to be alone go someplace else
others want to pray here defile it yet
another debasement of what was once pure
truly our tribe our king is fun
our temple is corrupt and our soldiers
okay so now I gotta use my smarts here
we have a little option taki wheel which
this game has a few of all those ones
pure your Sun King is false your temple
is corrupt your soldiers are weak how
about your Sun King is false so in this
tribe the old Sun King was mad and he
made blood sacrifices and he was a big
fan of slavery and nobody liked him so
his son killed him and is trying to set
things right and we've met his son and
helped his son out not kill the old king
but in now just to catch you up with the
story
to kill the Sun King what shadow what
Twilight time he brought upon us and how
many more would the mad Sun King have
killed if Avadh hadn't stopped him so
this old priest is like I liked killing
people because that's what the Sun said
Craig nation says hey Jack I tried that
bonus points sculpin based on your
recommendation and it was great yes it
is it's it's very expensive but a great
IPA you try Golden Monkey buy a victory
brewing Belgian Tripel
with high alcohol content you'd love it
that sounds great Golden Monkey I will
hold on okay
I wrote down let's see here your
soldiers oh wait what was once pure who
made it great it was pure before
Outlander squatters took it over
you mean meridian was pure when the
outsiders were in cages or dying in your
arena
the Sun is pure so he's an old stubborn
priest it was like okay we're killing
people for the Sun God yeah I've heard
enough of his shit but I won't allow you
to keep others away I am here by the
will of the Sun
okay so I have a heart choice a fist
choice than a brain choice heart choices
change has already happened
fist choices you are a coward and brain
choices you have no authority here I'm
gonna go with you have no authority here
because I I know the current king and I
know the king has my back I have the
authority of the Sun then call it for
help
there'll be a reckoning you'll back away
from it boom
look at that use my smarts get out of
here
get out of here do you think I should
hit him oh I can't look at that bitch
bitch okay so I used my smarts and I got
the guy in to pray
that's the important part
and look at it now they just faced it
because they hated what it stood for
slaves they've already forgotten
can't a people in towns apparently not
apparently not I was hoping I could F
that guy up for being on to be edge but
nope zero out of ten no ability to punch
assholes yes okay we got one done that
was all right so the the thing that
overall I'm liking about the game is it
has a very well realized world that
we're living in this this far-off future
stop saying maybe my focus will see
something look it doesn't see anything
stop saying it a Lloyd it has a very
well realized world everything makes
sense and it it's deep you can walk
around and everything everything gives
you another clue into the world that we
are living in and I really enjoy that
about the sci-fi world's creation I
think I think this game is really cool
I'm enjoying it a lot so far we're gonna
see how the story ends up I'm gonna try
to muscle through and did you see that
did everyone just see her say I wonder
what my focus will see again I have some
MIT pics about the game and one of them
is how many times she said as she talks
she got stabbed the voice actress is
very good but she keeps on talking about
it
the game keeps on making her say things
and it gets on my nerves
yeah there's a way to sprint there is a
way to sprint hold on how do we get over
there is there a road there a road where
am I going
okay take this road and take the first
right all right yeah you can sprint and
see take a shot every time she repeats
that oh she says it again we're drinking
but maybe now that we're running she
won't say it again
I don't have high okay it's it's it's a
good action-adventure game it's it's a
good action-adventure game if you want
Metal Gear Solid 5 without the batshit
bullshit story oh shit boom how about
that how about I'm gonna steal your
robot soul and now I'm gonna ride you
how about that hey guys I'm riding an
animal oh look he can fight other
animals
it's what area all right great
shit I need some health oh wait there's
a red plant I need that red plant hello
hello boys how do I get to where I'm
going again is there a path o ring
apparently there is we're gonna stop for
oh shit
Shh darn it the nice thing is my bull
friend fights for me bad part is I lost
a little bit of health Jimmy your
girlfriend thank you jack
you can only hack one at a time right I
actually don't know if that's true for
writing I don't know but I like some of
the plants maybe I need any break Lancel
than I need to health or really bad some
of the robots you hack and they just
fight for you and I think you can hack
multiple at a time your hack does have a
cool-down
so you can't like you know one to hack
them just because it has a cool-down but
I do believe you can hack more than one
at a time you know Jack going to agree
with blue phoenix here
you're my favorite are on do it or don't
tell her jack i will try not to tell
rich i'm glad i am your favorite you
know rich is my favorite so it all works
out and crush your squirrel I could use
some more health was first
Turkey pressure Turkey
did you guys hear that I just crushed a
turkey listen she just said my focus
could reveal something take a drink take
a drink she just said my focus could
reveal something hold on I gotta take a
drink
okay where am I going
it's up there
I'm not taking the most direct path only
because I'm looking for read plans for
health
good night Zahra Jen thanks for coming
out hey perhaps my focus can help me you
know what that means take a drink hold
on you got to take a drink
all right where we going again we're
gonna tower thing
hey she just said my focus can find
something you know what that means take
a drink here hmm
take a drink great
we get up here
how do we get up here
let's follow this road Jack you're gonna
murder these people that was the rule
the rule was every time she says my
focus can help we take a drink and I'm
just following the rules hey maybe my
focus will see something you know what
that means take a drink everybody I'm
gonna need another beer
I'm not taking shots I'm just taking a
drink the the maybe my focus will help
drinking game the the a low you need to
stop telling us about your goddamn focus
a drinking game okay that was not about
her focus that was about the mountain
that we are near so that doesn't count
I'm just grabbing more healing items
apologies if you heard that tiny burp
I get past these guys here don't want to
deal with that we're running away are
you at the thing oh oh I missed it
gosh darn it
no I don't want to fight you guys I
don't want to fight you guys just wanna
go on a fucking climb here
where are we mr. turn
can you stay in focus mode so we don't
die it's not up to me it's up to alloy
here a Loy alloy oh I get it
come on
they're not following come in
sorry friend I can maneuver better
without you but thank you for the lift
diamond oh shit bird bird
these birds it's really important to to
hook them because then they fall down
and that's how you kill the birds you
got to get a couple hopes in them stupid
birds
no mo shit
all right so you just saw me cry just
crafted some more ammo on the fly which
is actually incredibly helpful
if you want to get two of them they come
down which is very important
oh really quick
you see when i zoom in like that it like
gets slow-mo for me which is like focus
there that's focus mode
dice dang die
night please please die
whoo-hoo
good fight good fight that's fun it's
fun to use all your equipment and fight
the animals Jack how do you get your
kids to sleep at a reasonable time
consistency hey my focus might see
something here take a drink consistency
and you know having having consistent
rules is another thing where you know if
they don't go to bed on a school night
in time there are consequences I'll
paint the mark while the spirits of the
Glen Thomas linger yes maybe the focus
can help you find something here thank
you like tickles me in a way where I
know now I'm getting I'm drinking too
much because maybe my focus can find
something that was cut away
you have my thanks hunter
okay I just helped this guy I just
helped this guy because I've defeated
the birds in a really good fight man
those bird fights are great like a lot
of these Beast fights are just fantastic
that you know they and they give you
they just it's well it's one of those
situations where they just give you the
tools and say go for it hello beautiful
medal I found a metal flower mark three
I don't have any potions I would love a
potion at this point alright
one more quick way down one more thing
over here and I'm done with this quest
and it ah my horse my my steed hello
steed
where your focus tell you which we
should go hey maybe my focus will help
let's take a drink let's get out of here
before before she says my focus will
help anymore
hold on and we're trying to move as fast
as I possibly can so the focus will not
tell us what to do anymore
Huli muli
all right
don't know your focus won't help you now
we're just gonna we have to go where do
we have to go
wait maybe my focus will help me I'll
fuck a snap ma was cracking down
motherfuckers
kill the snap Maas okay
are you drunk enough to tell us what the
secret airline project is yeah no
someone was asking earlier what videos
we had in the work and I can tell you
for sure of the videos I know of
there are currently there are currently
three videos that I know of weakness to
fire we missed a bat free sac weakness
these machines well
oh that helped I blew up his blaze cock
canisters
we there are two snap laws
nope nope that's not what I wanted
that's not what I wanted
here we go here we go
so in any case no I'm not drunk enough
to tell you what the secret Harlem
project is there are two videos that I
know of
there are three videos that I know sorry
that are currently already shot and just
waiting on editing No
run - explosions please
run into my explosions please there we
go there we go there we go whoo that was
the fucking flawless one right there
we could really use the mouth right
about now
holy motherfuck we could share you some
health right now are you a health plan
you are oh great so I can trying to
think of like what I want to you know
I'm also just trying to think of like
what I want to tell you because you know
sometimes it's just nice to be surprised
by a video one is here's what I will
tell you one is a review that I'm
involved with that I can tell you for
sure hey let's see if our focus picks
anything up they drink so there are
three videos that are in the can and a
secret project you you would want to be
surprised that's what I'm gonna tell
myself you want to be surprised if it's
a review of CW supergirls I'm on - no
they won't no one cuz no one else
watches that that's only me if it's a
review of a movie you like is it one you
suggested it's I can't it it's more fun
to be surprised I'm not gonna give you
that information just know that there is
stuff already shown that they are
working on editing it's a very exciting
does it involve a rubber suit or what I
did that I don't know about does your
health not region in the game like
crafted yeah oh so your health does not
regenerate you you have to either pick
red plants or get health potions hey we
could use their focus to look around
everyone take a drink one more of those
and I'm gonna need another beer so your
health does not just regenerate you need
to pick plants please be a health plan
nope you are not a health plan you need
to pick plants or have potions and it's
only their red plants come on
where's my beast around here are you
mine yeah you're mine okay I'll take you
get my broad head ten days at eleven
can't go terribly late tonight but you
know as long as her focus keeps seeing
stuff I guess won't have to keep
drinking
hey I brought him
yeah hi bill evening evening
yeah
welcome welcome everybody welcome to
horizon zero dawn the game with the
worst name this name is so hard to
remember perhaps you could your focus
could help you find something that you
miss maybe maybe I prefer to help me
find health potions at this point just
looking for health potions
hey everybody maybe our focus could help
us find something please take a drink
and actually that that empties out my
drink hold on we're gonna go I'm gonna
go get another drink some beer I'll be
right back
you
you
you
you
you
you
Hey okay so the the rules of the
drinking game are really simple right
now our character a LOI is apparently
stuck on some sort of loop where she
keeps saying maybe my focus can help or
maybe I need to stop around and stop and
look use my focus and every time she
says that we take a drink because at
this point in the game we actually don't
need her focus and the game keeps
telling us we do need her focus and I
whoopsie oh that beer is splattered a
little bit everywhere whoopsie that it's
one of my that's one of my criticisms
that's one of my nitpicks of the game at
this point is there is a ton of a LOI
talking and a ton of alloy giving voice
lines when voice lines are not needed in
the slightest
a sig sig of says perhaps my focus can
help me thank you
sig to give so from a can
yeah well I poured it into a glass it's
a it's a tallboy can of MKE brewings
double IPA hop freak that you pour into
a glass for the best tasting results and
I could still use some health but these
are all rocks I need some health oh wait
are you a red plant you might be a red
plan yes
focus can save you for spilling beer
yeah well I didn't spill it when I
opened it and some splattered very
different oh wait there's some red
plants there's some red plants hey my
focus can help us everybody you have a
drink okay great all right why don't you
pick up a rock we don't need a rock we
need these these red plants are what
give us health and so if you see our
green bar grew a little bit and now I
use the green bar to grow my health and
that is how you get health in the game
so you have to grow your green bar by
picking up all these little plants Rock
I don't need a rock right now all right
hey maybe we could use my focus and see
what turns up everybody take a drink
terrible terrible what you're doing to
us right now game and really like you
know you don't need to take a drink the
the reason that I like turning this into
a drinking game is because I think it's
ridiculous that the character keeps
saying this for no apparent reason and
right now I'm just looking for health
potions ah here we go
she said I'll need them soon enough so
that doesn't count that doesn't count
I have some some health potions now so
I'm gonna try to run back to my horse
before she says I could use my focus oh
shit what did I did I just knocked over
that thing I did not mean to do that I'm
so sorry
just use your focus and it'll go away
I've been look there I use my focus I've
been doing that hey if I can't find
something maybe my focus can you saw me
just just fucking literally use my focus
take a drink everybody okay moms can't
go in here though mounts can't go in
here so I'm gonna run in here now okay
we're gonna go where are you going there
I talked to a guy to complete our quest
perhaps you should include how drunk you
are in the review of this as PO yes hey
hey maybe my focus just show me
something take a drink take it okay you
know what I will use my focus
I will use my focus my focus is being
used right now and you know what my
focus is not showing me anything do you
think she'll say it if we're using focus
hold on let's just let's walk with her
that's a goose
I found a goose I found a goose
if I just keep my focus on will she say
anything
we found a goose we're gonna keep my
focus on to see if he says it with their
focus on unfortunately you can't you
can't move quickly while you're while
you're in focus there's a boar there's a
goose Jack are you drunk yes now I am
because of the focus we have to move
faster than this we need to get up there
how do I get up there hold on okay I
think you've got damnit my focus might
see something take a drink fucking damn
it
I just got out of focus we're gonna
we're gonna run we're gonna run I hope I
hope you all are noticing this tiny
nitpicks tiny nitpicks maybe once I get
into the city
maybe once this campaign is complete
the focus thing will stop because this
is ridiculous
hey my perhaps my focus could help me
everybody's a drink
his kids dumb she wants to call you
right home Jeff I am home zach is wack
but if I was not home yes I would need a
ride home at this point
I said your focus won't help you your
focus won't help ya know it's got to be
a glitch hope it's also raining it's
also raining I don't know if you can see
that on the stream it is raining hey she
needs to lead maybe her focus could help
her everybody do you drink ok my focus
is on we're going this way
I'm gonna keep my focus on I want to
keep my focus on just for like just for
just for a minute so I don't have to
drink hey I have some water here ok
yes my hip my halo is broken I'm just
gonna keep the focus on and what happens
if a law says it while her focus is on
then we take two drinks I don't think
she's gonna say it what do you want to
bet as soon as I take the focus off
she's gonna say it okay ready
ready and focus off maybe my focus will
see something and take a drink if I barf
on stream I'm really glad that the
camera isn't on I just need to tell you
guys that I'm very very happy that the
camera is not on me at this particular
moment
shit I'm lost now I'm drunk and I'm lost
where am I going where am I going
listen I don't necessarily want to drink
this was the game this was the game they
take a drink every time she says this to
highlight how ridiculous it is that she
says this so often why is she saying
this so often
why am I going the mourn oh okay right
that was up here okay
all right no this it was the game
suggested by someone kind and am i knows
hey there could be something around that
my focus will see everyone take a drink
great um I know it was suggested as a
joke but to highlight how absurd it is
that she keeps on saying and I felt it
was appropriate get out of my way okay
okay okay we're getting close we're
getting close we're getting close maybe
once this quest this is not the right
way and I'm running too fast I'm gonna
get sick shit how do I get up there
how do I get up there he's up there he's
up there how do I get up there I see
stairs no but those stairs don't lead
there huh there there there there
there's these stairs this prereq have
enough funds to cover a new liver not
that I know of
and we
because of what that was it was tough to
walk around I'll be honest with you
what's my hard liquor of choice Jack
Daniels
just-just-just Jack team is great
I like it over ice I like it with coke
the best because coca sweet but if I'm
ever if I'm ever drinking hard liquor
it'll usually be a Jack and Coke
that's my let's might go to hard liquor
of choice excuse me you've probably
heard that burp and I apologize cuz I
was right in your ears
go to some makers and why am I gonna
make her then guy no box oh shit oh shit
how do I get all these boxes Oh cuz I
can't take most of all
my inventory is full and you can't take
most fish shit in your boxes so then you
got a craft bigger bags so you need a
fatty mean I gotta kill more boars on 4k
oh yeah I can I could use a modification
skill point - I only have two skill
points what do I want here maybe a
critical hit
critical hits deal more damage yeah we
want them it's great how our boos are
placing their Jevons yes do I have to
work tomorrow I got I do live to work
tomorrow more importantly I have to get
up I have to get up tomorrow you know
get my kids breakfast get them to school
work work can wait
gotta get my hand got to wake up and get
my kids to school
luckily I can do that hungover what's
happening over here that thing
if you steeple must be a coffee grounds
of this training and added to your
coffee it's pretty nice I've heard
pretty good things I don't know if
bourbon whiskey will work good for that
Jack button
I think mr. French fries now make them
reheat them in the oven that you some
french fries in the morning now huh I'm
making breakfast
cook breakfast now I get up I get up
early anyway I'll still get up put them
away what's that makers end I ask you go
to makers end oh that's the story quest
we don't want to do that yet we don't
want to do this story quest yet I think
as long as we're here let's do this on
robbing the rich
I think this quest is relatively nearby
yeah this quest is right here use
bourbon specifically this iced coffee
okay I believe you get them cold cereal
yeah sometimes bourbon with iced coffee
huh you know what I'll believe you
because that sounds great
I believe you because it sounds great
well I think because we finished that
quest we broke her out of her out of her
glitch of maybe I can use my focus
unfortunately I have drank enough where
it's all caught up with me so at the
moment I am mostly its oxidated but we
will try to get a little bit more stream
out of it
get a few more side-quests my back was
to the wall you see it wasn't expecting
someone to crawl out the window he ran
past me dressed in gray clutching his
sword that's all I saw
by the Sun my heart nilly seized up okay
best to gate the crime scene
oh fuck is a crime scene
in here
now follow the hey guess what we're
doing we're following the bread combs
again now here we go guess what we're
doing a follow
we're using our focus and we're
following the breadcrumbs just like the
other side mission ok here praise the
Sun use the focus I'm really glad that
we we broke her out of that loop
still more blood
could be okay the trail ends here
talk to Katie okay stand here and took
off down the stairs behind you he's
bleeding so maybe he needed a binding
blasted that was expensive cloth I can't
believe I paid for that
thief's bandage okay he took the stairs
behind me here are the stairs behind me
cool maybe it's that person running away
from us
no I want to use my focus before if she
tells me to use my focus yeah okay no
good dumb hats take a drink listen we've
already taken our we've already taken
our fair share of drinks yeah almost
crashed into me too
he ran down the parapet here and went
down the lift no way he'll catch him now
I didn't see a sword though he wasn't
carrying anything not a damn thing just
ran like his ass was on fire
thief must've ditches or take a drink of
water
oh I do have water I have a drink of
water right here I am actually I am with
a drink water that's nice you know what
it's a nice little drink of water makes
you feel good makes you feel good okay
wait
we're looking for a sword now where he
dropped his sword back to the merchant
Hey
hey it looks like the thief got away but
without the sword I thought maybe he
dropped it off somewhere like here for
instance what no I have nothing to do
with this I guess we'll see when I get
the city guard to toss her stall and
question your customers hold on there's
more to this you've got a reputation for
shining light in the darkness so I know
it's going to be sold but not for profit
the shards will go to people in need
there's a lot of this in the game too
Mike go chase the thief who stole my
thing and then you chase the thief and
then the thief says no I only stole it
because I'm gonna give that stuff to
people in need
there's a lot of that shit in this game
there's a lot of a lot of this the side
missions what go to the watermill I'm
sorry what
this this mission has been going all the
way the fuck over there oh fuck man
gosh darn it
just go all over the place go to the
bang bang damn right yeah then I like
there's a lot of story can I just jump
off this cliff is their place oh look
I'm trying to jump off the cliff I
should be able to jump off the cliff oh
the game won't let you jump off the
cliff get out of town use my focus no I
focus is that helping me I want to jump
off the cliff but the game isn't letting
me I should darn it alright how do I get
there so I have to go all the way the
fuck around
could be a way down over here - darn it
oh no there is a fact oh you know what
you know what there is a fast travel oh
I can't share all of that though I can
travel to this that'll get me closer ish
yeah you can fast travel two fireplaces
that you've been to before gonna be a
whoo kickstand whoo
college food no you know what even when
I was younger I could never shotgun or
keg stand
I hated that like fast and drinking beer
I hated that
we lost fact to booze that is mostly
true mostly true
oh wait that is mostly true that that
drinking game of take a drink every time
she said I could use my focus really
messed me up
in a very very real way but I stand by
the decision I think it was it was the
right decision to make to emphasize the
point if she says dumb stuff all the
time
so I'll stand by that decision hello hey
dude I was told to expect you a lie I
suppose you want answers well it's not
complicated we collect valuable objects
from people who don't need them sell
them for sure was that and use the money
to help the needy it's unpause it wait I
wasn't paying attention to the story
shit from God their turn at the trough
for generations Raavan didn't seem like
a hog to me wealth and contentment while
people beneath him stuff
who exactly gets the shards at Sun fall
not the bastards in the fortress lose
the shards to make sure the poor in
shadow side get too weak it's only a
good sitting if you include this in your
review and probably probably more so I
need to find I need to find the clip
where rich and I made make guesses as to
what the story was going to be regarding
our Father in this game because I
believe I was very right regarding our
regarding my guests to the the father
situation but I can't I can't find it
yet I haven't really looked near the
branded sure he was found for son fault
along with an entire shipment of food if
you found that you'd be helping a lot of
people hey hey hee hee maybe focus can
help me hey hee hee
I use focus to help see I'm sorry that's
alright anonymous we all we all make
mistakes and lots of shadow carjacked
and my father's name is Martha I get it
go to the fog Jesus Christ this why are
we going up here fast travel it is it
was in the overwatch stream Jack if that
helps
oh thank you actually that does help I
was looking at much earlier screams it's
good to know it was that recent in a
fast well I think we're gonna finish
this question that might be it before
tonight as
it's getting difficult to focus
Jack maybe you just smoked a little
blonde to hash it would take the edge
off and doubtful doubtful that would
make me I think that would make me
quieter
as a as I've stated in the past one
dunno when I didn't get high it usually
made me Shire and more paranoid to go
out so
Emma Stone was nominated for Best
Picture Oh hopefully everyone saw that
fun the the fun clusterfuck that was the
best picture nomination of the Oscars
holy crap that was awesome
the absolute goddamn clusterfuck of lala
land oh wait maybe actually moonlight
and then Warren Bay and then after he
made the mistake to further take away
from moon lights winning Warren Beatty
went on to explain why he made the
mistake instead of giving all that time
to moonlight
Warren Beatty says wait wait wait let me
explain myself
terrible just terrible Faye Dunaway and
Warren Beatty know Warren Beatty handed
it to Faye Dunaway he passed the goddamn
buck and like I get it you're up on
stage you don't want to make a big stink
but Warren Beatty's defends for calling
lala land the winner was reading the
envelope and saying emma stone lala land
and so you see you see the name emma
stone and you should know immediately
that something is wrong and the stone
had nothing to do you know as far as a
producer is concerned with lala land he
knew something was wrong he handed the
envelope to Faye Dunaway to say
something he passed the buck he should
have stopped it right there and
double-checked crazy but it's also a
really fun clusterfuck he an incredibly
fun clusterfuck to witness hey there's
blood there I tried to use my focus and
my focus didn't do anything
no hello dudes wait why am I here again
that why you dudes gone
investigate the camp
all right oh yeah
nobody
examine the scraps of cloth I think he
handed it to her as a look at this can
this be right kind of thing perhaps oh
and it's another follow the tracks great
but he didn't say that he just handed it
to her it was one of those things where
you know I get it as a presenter it was
not Warren Beatty's job to double-check
but Warren Beatty who has also been part
of how many Oscar how many Oscars at
this point it should have known better
than if it said an actress's name
alongside with a movie then that does
not necessarily mean Best Picture not
saying that Faye Dunaway Shh also
shouldn't have known better but Warren
Beatty was the one who first had the
envelope
Faye Dunaway's the one who said it yes
but Warren Beatty handed it to her
fucking dead I don't know who you are or
what's going on but you're fucking dead
I'll be honest I don't know why I'm here
I haven't been paying a terrible amount
of attention to the story who did that
who did that I haven't been paying any
attention to the story Warren Beatty's
said he read it in in the apology that
Warren Beatty started live on the Oscars
he after they discovered that moonlight
was the actual winner
Warren Beatty took the mic before the
moonlight people did to say I read a
must
I read Emma Stone lalala and that's why
that's why there's the confusion Warren
Beatty said that
and it looks like this is gonna take a
little more take a little more
cleverness I didn't see that right yeah
yeah that's like look back at that whole
clusterfuck I'm sure it's on YouTube at
this point and you'll see that that you
know that's where that's where part of
it started this is a bad idea
shit I'm probably gonna die again I
thought I could take some of those guys
out who's gonna die someone Brady's
fired no it's just it's just like I said
Warren Beatty should have known better
he had the envelope first and then he
handed it off to fade down away and and
really it just doesn't matter I I for
one am shocked that moonlight won and it
was one of those situations where you
know lala land was announced the winner
and I was watching Sunday with my wife
Lisa LaLanne was announced whereas I got
Seattle Jalal and was gonna win and I
got I got about 90 seconds of smugness
before before they go wait wait you know
you see that guy with the headset
roaming around you see that guy in the
headset roaming around like and you know
something's up and immediately it was
just like hey what's going on what's
going on here and you just know
something's up it was great
here's a new some batman visions tech
division
again this guy over here
yeah at him and I'd
have you heard of prior to the Oscars
what steal a croc soul and Marcin well
oh I'd seen mood line actually moonlight
is one of the very few Best Picture
nominees that I had seen I have not seen
in la-la-land I've only said I think
I've only seen moonlight and arrival and
I personally did not care much for
moonlight even though the acting is
wonderful it just didn't have it's one
of those what do you call it it's a
little too artistic arse it's a little
too artistic no like thanks not the
right word it's like Dane the life where
it doesn't really have a strong story
for me who said it you said that so I
found it pretty boring though I will
completely admit that the acting was
wonderful it's just not my kind of movie
moonlight arrival I fucking loved and
thought it was brilliant but moonlight
just wasn't moonlight just wasn't it for
me
just wasn't it for me I like I get it I
get why people like to oh no he's gonna
yeah he's gonna see me I get it I get
what people like it just not my kind of
movie I like things to happen in my
movies quick save it's a coming-of-age
story though they don't really show much
there's a lot there's a lot of the in
between as far as character development
is concerned there's a ton of in-between
that I thought was more interesting than
moonlight actually showed but I again I
totally understand it's a coming-of-age
story of a poor gay black boy and that
is perfect
Oscar bait I get it it's just the way in
which they told the story
shit shit right apparently I have awoken
someone
okay I did not do that no that was not
selfie I did I did not know Jackie
erases for now I get it and I get what
people liked it I get it but you know
again like what I'm talking about for
here is like a ton of tell don't show I
felt like with moonlight there was a
similar amount of tell don't show there
there were a few big crack to make him
squeal like there are a few big moments
character wise that I'm taking wagers I
would have loved to have been shown to
me instead of told to me what happened
including the big revelation
but again that's this is just my that's
just my opinion on moonlighting you
certainly don't have to share my opinion
on moonlight
damnit
there we go diet Jack hates nari I you
know what narration shouldn't be
necessary in your movie narration should
not be necessary in your movie you
should be able to show the things you
want and in in moonlight there were a
couple really key scenes that were
basically just the characters
monologuing and for some people the
subject matter of those monologues were
deep enough to to warrant praise and I
completely and totally understand that
and for me as far as the film was good
as far as filmmaking was concerned in as
far as my taste in filmmaking was
concerned
come on this way
hold on I'm coming narration can't be
greater forlán yeah maybe I think there
are times where it's appropriate there
are times where it's appropriate there
are times where it works there are times
in shock
how is the game so far I really like it
I'm really enjoying this game I'm having
a lot of fun and I'm finding it
appropriately challenging what about
Breakfast Club Breakfast Club is
schmaltz schmaltz
it's schmaltzy schlock they can have all
the narrative the voice-over narration
that they want they're not going for
deep artful in The Breakfast Club
dreamer decayed they're going for a
movie targeted towards teenagers
turn to Raven narration should not be
needed
tell that to show us shank redemption
right well and so like you have a movie
like Shawshank where you get that
narration at the end which is by the way
if you remove that voice-over narration
you get the same fucking movie you get
you still get that ending which I won't
spoil in case and someone hasn't seen
Shawshank Redemption but you still get
the exact same fucking movie Andy at
Morgan Freeman talking over which in my
book is fine
not needed something you can definitely
nitpick Shawshank Redemption over
that's it yeah like there's a ton of you
like giving examples of it working like
a standby me or a Christmas story or
Blade Runner which is fine it can work
I'm not saying it shouldn't work and in
moonlight by the way in case you haven't
seen moonlight there's no it's not
voiceover narration in moonlight it is
characters giving a quite literal
soliloquy it is then monologuing it's
not a voice-over narration in moonlight
it's these characters just talking
giving exposition to other characters it
is the very definition of them telling
and not showing so so there's something
very different than voice-over narration
which I also think is you know largely
BS but moonlight doesn't even give us
voice-over narration it's just
characters monologuing which is
something very very different right and
Blade Runner does didn't need that
narration that was forced by the studio
that it's very good point Tiberius Kirk
and there are examples where all of this
stuff is perfectly acceptable there's an
even examples where it's good but
specifically as regards to moonlight
it wasn't even voiceover narration it
was monologuing and even beyond that
it's one of those stories that if that
could be summed up as day-in-the-life
which is just something that I don't
know I don't care for those kind of
stories I like the things to happen and
you know the character revelations and
big developments I like stories so it's
a bit different man named the Sun came
to see me and we came to an arrangement
I think many and some fall will benefit
from it
all this from a stolen sword as they say
follow the shadow and you'll find a
flame okay we completed the robbing of
the rich quest hooray
that is great oh we leveled up - I only
have one though I need like I think
I could use a couple more oh wow all
right great
we'll go to that fire and save wait oh
box and a box of things I will steal
just got here what do we think of the
game I like it I really enjoy it I'm
having a lot of fun especially the
fighting the giant robot dinosaur part
I'm progressing nicely and I've been
doing side missions this whole time but
that's it for today but I really enjoy
it and I so far I really recommend it if
you're looking for an action-adventure
game set in the post apocalypse where
you fight robot dinosaurs this is your
game I like the game did I save yeah
I'll save again alright and great
well and you know like if you're if
you're talking about old noir films and
their voice-over narration please
remember that that comes from an older
generation of Hollywood that comes from
an older generation of moviemaking
before they really had cinematography
down as a visual language you know
please remember back back in these days
like the reason that Star Wars has an
opening crawl is because that harkens
back to a an older form of storytelling
where they were still borrowing from
novelization that's why new ours had so
much voiceover narration is because they
just didn't know how to show the things
that the characters were thinking this
is from an older generation of
filmmaking and for someone like me who
really enjoys cinematography as a
storytelling language things like
voiceover narration and over monologuing
by characters takes away from the visual
language of storytelling or there's my
voice a little bit oh you should take a
drink because there are we need our
focus
I think that's pretty unfair
characterization in sound words that is
not an unfair characterization as far as
a correct one ensure them like a
clockwork orange' there are examples
there are plenty of examples of movies
that have done voiceover narration and
it worked I'm just giving a general rule
I'm giving a general thing that I think
and I appreciate you guys being the
focus I appreciate you guys constantly
constantly challenging me and I wouldn't
have it any other way but that's gonna
be it for the stream tonight let me just
double check that we got all of our tips
in we did so now
okay the focus show goes over it's just
the worst yes the focus joke is over now
we'll take one more drink I think that
the general rule is too loose to be a
rule incorrect that's my general that's
my general rule Jack make a video
narrating yourself playing game ha
that's what I've been doing this whole
time now is the point in which I thank
all the people who subscribe to us
during this Jack solo horizon zero dawn
stream much like MC poos who says Jack
the beer seven of Borgnine balls gutter
stars who has subscribed to us for 14
months in a row says sup Vincent
Diorio a space alien super cocaine who
says lol fuck my cock it's just like
hell divers networked networked 34 Doug
21 20 harm and Z for 14 months in a row
says thank God for biscuit yeah
it's great he's a giant hairy cat and
it's great
Gino suave who says three fucking months
in a row now we M n who says the e in my
name is pronounced as the E in red also
300 is coming so that's no way red now
aware now we're MN no way okay I will
try to remember that no way MN poop dick
50 is 79 who says can't wait for rich to
play the new Zelda and say it's Matt lol
jingle my junk a sarcastic post sure nah
M for twenty three fucking months in a
row egg earn a guram is the name Strack
cat 72 says hey Jack who put the glad in
the gladiator
well that's Russell Crowe you put the
glad in the gladiator collecting data
for twenty four fucking months in a row
says two years wow thanks for all the
entertainment you're welcome collecting
data thanks for sticking around for so
long
reckless 4:29 of fucking months in a row
says Jack solo stream hype shoot some
robot dinosaurs hopefully the game
doesn't suck - keep up the good work I
will and you know I think I think
horizons are pretty good outside
having fun playing it I'm gonna try to
get now that I've sidequest at some I am
gonna try to push through the story as I
hope it has a satisfying ending ultime
zur slug nut says hey guys loving your
stream for five months now keep up the
great work and Jack is my spirit animal
well hopefully you don't have to use
your focus too much or else or else
he'll be as out of it as I am captain
blue 42 says it's a shame I missed most
of the stream but glad the game is
enjoyable it really is it's really
enjoyable I hope you all have a good
night and thanks for coming out and also
you should know that maybe you could use
your focus to help you find some close
