Jan 15, 2017
XCOM: Enemy Unknown
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/119158827
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fl4q7YuCpXo
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/820791823526412288

theory we are streaming I'm waiting for
some kind of confirmation in the chat
that we are actually streaming alright
looks like we are streaming hello
everybody
jag is busy tonight yeah he had shit to
do so he couldn't make it I am here i am
here at the studio with my computer
motor on and we're just gonna keep
playing our XCOM game um what's what's
know everybody how we doing what's
what's the word people what's the word
or something I know anything I don't
know anything you want them Oh people
were talking in the chat earlier so I
was looking at the chat about the switch
how do you feel about the switch and new
information has come out about the
switch we have like a release date I
believe it's early March March 3rd and
like the lineup of games they got it
they got the Zelda coming out and they
got the Mario coming out and what what I
said about the switch from the beginning
like with with every fucking intend o
console since the Gamecube you're gonna
get one of either a Mario or Zelda game
just one if you're lucky you might get
one or two of each when you're really
lucky but not always like the way you
didn't have a well I guess it's going to
have a Zelda game but whatever and then
you get the normal stuff that they come
out with for every system they have so
you're gonna get the Mario card you're
gonna get the the Smash Brothers you're
gonna get you're gonna get the big ones
that the same five games that Nintendo
keeps rolling out and that's all you're
going to get you're not gonna get you're
still not gonna get a ton of third-party
shit on the switch now here's the thing
you might really love Zelda and Mario
and maybe it's worth it just for that um
I know the last Zelda game didn't do
much for me but from what I've seen of
was it breadth of the while this what
the chrome the news
and looks like it might be a good Zola
it might be a good Zelda game um the new
Mario game it looks good so you know
maybe the switch is worth it it's just
in my mind that's like probably all I'm
going to get out of it Mario the new
Mario game of the new Zelda game I
really care about you about mario kart
so i don't care i know there's a release
date on that whatever i don't care about
smash brothers that's gonna come out it
doesn't bother me a lot of people are
talking about it a lot i don't know what
somebody in the chat one person in the
chat mentioned that they're now going to
charge for online me personally i don't
i don't multi play and if i did i have a
pc so that's not an issue for me I
understand if you're a console person
who likes multiplayer why that would
bother you though but I mean I I can't
get worked up over that all right so
that's that's my my minor switch rant so
alright um I'm here with X come the VIX
Club yeah I love XCOM is one of my
favorite games deal with it
I've been wanting to do a full
playthrough of enemy within and here we
are we're going through we're doing a
full playthrough wait this is like a
third stream where I've been playing
through on this save file classic
difficulty Ironman is on and yeah we're
gonna keep playing we left off here at
confounding light which can be a very
difficult mission and so many
interesting No More Heroes three rich
this is the first this is that is
literally the first I've heard about No
More Heroes three and soon 51 has teased
it before unlike the Wii U when it never
came out
so unless there's something concrete
a trailer or like a visual confirmation
of No More Heroes three I'm not gonna
get super hyped about it all right
XCOM confounding late this is this is
the mission XCOM fuck yo support class
because the support class is largely
garbage there okay for the first month
they're okay for like if you get laser
weaponry early enough then they may be
okay for like the third or second or
third month maybe that's if you get
laser weapons really early if you don't
get laser weapons in the second month
supports are useless in month two they
might shine in month three when you get
laser weaponry but after month three was
the enemies start having like ten health
that little laser weapon and that minor
amount of damage output you get from the
support is not worth it a lot of people
said yeah but you can heal with the
support if you're playing X come right
you're not getting shot at that much to
bring lots of heavies and assaults you
kill the enemies before they have a
chance to shoot at you
where is this list of subs I'll just do
it fucking now because I'm honestly I'm
sick of hearing about it
where's the list of subs I'm gonna read
the subs before we start give me the
list
I'm waiting for the list right
this page is no longer available it is
either expired been removed by its
creator or removed by one of the
pastebin staff thank you for subscribing
we really appreciated it's true we
really do and if Jack were here I know
he would say the same thing okay there
we go
well I I have read the list
all right give me another one I'm gonna
click on this okay I have an actual list
I will read it no wait there's an ad
playing and I see no obvious place to
turn the ad off now here we go
the ex just popped up dildo Calrissian a
black mark Owen thunder guns uncle of
Lies Plessy and bitch yellow ranger
cosmos jester 21 fucking months in a row
Eddie the head 21 says I grew up in a
farm - running water is nice well
Heisenberg 27 fucking months in the row
in the row yeah in the row why not
says I'll receive scribe for utter
insanity - lets record dare hearin and
from fuck the brain away
Elite 49 lonely vegan vanilla phobe care
attack am wicked scotty 69 a 101 in
drink
SAS talking robot cop lick me giggle
naruto g pj still early one gimme the
jam jr. kick girl V says I want to be
just like rich and Jack when I grow up
if K and the coffee rebel bases I'd love
you guys keep up the hours of
entertainment and tilt not
robot 101 says there need to need more
robots here make more and X come scoot
may Hall 27 fucking months in a row
crazy Elvis extremely ordinary Stefan
and while I'm thinking about it I don't
have watch her up for today which a huge
mistake
a huge mistake let's get that taken care
of so we don't have this problem again
she had that burning at the start of the
stream should I had that running at the
start of the stream but this reminded me
so that's good
crazy Elvis the dude nineteen forty four
twenty four fucking months a neurosis
thanks to the years of entertainment
firk my cork jayjay cheater 12 months a
neurosis twelve months already jesus
tapdancing christ free rekt geez here's
the one year you hacks heart emoji
chicken mcpot eggs sausage toes 25
fucking months in a row 25 months at
this point if I ever stop subscribing
assume I've died hello
delete my browser history Master PO nein
nein nein
too much new key says Happy New Year
here's to another year of hack fraud er
II new and tari Lord where says not been
honored a few streams did rich check out
West world yet
Dostoyevsky struggle equal coma Willi
also I am extremely gay for Aaron
Rodgers right now that's good for you
that's very good for you o Striegel mine
sneagle oh that was part of the last
comment that wasn't a subscriber I
thought that was
the subscriber named banda banja dug 28
fucking months a neurosis I personally
love the stream darker than the older
streams prereq streams fill the hole in
my empty vacu ated soul personally I
love the stream 8 10 8 of 10 better than
the last stream which I gave a night of
10 LOL plunge your nerd crate in my dork
box
f poon double-oh-seven
riot crew 31 fucking months in a row
jerkwad live says Alexa delete my porn
folder I get that I get that Karen has
an echo there need the echos need the
Amazon echo is need it's a it's a
computer you talk to Jones m73 70-mile
ak-47 tear both eyes out 12 months in a
row says did you guys know that geek
crate as an actual service nerd box is a
social media management service fleshy
patch 27 fucking months in a row says I
can't stand insufferable sports fans
sincerely a Cubs fan space Jack 2084
says hobo badoo badoo badoo badoo but
i'm gonna try to get that right
hooba-dooba dabba doo but did that I'm a
domino but no to you with yo dodo the
off switch 12 months in a row says 12
months and you're no closer to telling
me who really did the 9/11 Asian
characters that I can't read because
they are Asian characters and I do not
read either Korean Japanese Chinese or
whatever the hell language that is blues
chance the gamer bendito pizza train
1120 three fucking months in a row
timekeeper 102 au tech don Buckwald g
shots 28 fuckin months a neurosis
eight months of entertainment worth
every penny keep up the good work guys J
qutilat' 16 months in a row says 16
months and I still can't find the
unsubscribe button just kidding you guys
are great
keep doing what you do well cancel on 23
fucking months in her own nasty flat 16
months says hey guys are you still
playing necrodancer new DLC is coming
out this month really I don't know that
and yes I am so playing necrodancer
interesting give us moon
16 months in a row oh let's go Theodore
J hooker 28 fucking months in a row
Daedra please says glad you guys could
be my one special twitch prime channel
Robb Thrasher sir Dan ford says butts
butts boobies boobies fern joyful sad
says hi rich and Jack thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
right there now we are caught up with
what whatever subs we have missed and we
could start playing again large mission
oh we got zing am I using saying he's
not named he's sorry
all right I've got lazin laser weaponry
this is good I got two assaults this is
good
I got no and I originally ended this
stream before the start of confounding
light I thought I had two snipers but
one of them one of them is injured I
think yeah I have an injured sniper 2 2
would be ideal but we do have laser
weaponry which is almost a must
where's do I have another
no I don't I'll need a bit I need to
make one we need to give her a laser
machine gun
let's say every laser I only built two
why not only build two I don't know
we have three now compounding light here
we go we're starting who's not named
Zhang you can't rename zing Zang is a
special character you get for the
mission the DLC mission friends and low
pace low places and he is a character we
can't rename him we can't change his
face so that's why I'm not using Zhang
go get Jay I can't tell Jay what the
fucking do is just gonna be a rich solo
tonight I'm sorry if that's terrible and
it is but them's the breaks kid them's
the breaks
rich please talk about star wars no I'm
not going to do that I didn't talk about
the switch
but for if you want me to talk about
something you're just gonna have to you
know what you're gonna have to get me
interested whatever it is you want me to
talk about yes the stream just started
time it's lupus is hey rich tomorrow's
my birthday holy shit I'll be thirty can
you name one of the XCOM guys you care
about after me lol fuck me I'm old
well lupus if we get somebody we will
name them after you but we'll see
alright so compounding like this mission
can be hard at least people think it is
it's not that bad
one of the things with this mission is
it's timed you only have ten turns to
finish this mission so it helps to spray
I don't like sprinting but like
everything in this mission is the same
everytime you play it it's excreted out
so I know we are safe dashing on this
first terms because they only got ten
turns everybody is dashing as far up as
I can get them which do you think Star
Wars is going to overstay its welcome
like superheroes I think everything
after Return of the Jedi was Star Wars
overstaying it's Malcolm they told the
story
I personally am done with it
where's my sniper can you get on the
roof
alright this mission becomes easier if
you have especially to you have to it's
great but to decent squad side snipers
and they have to be squad side you know
if you have two you get one on top of
this train either side I only have one
so we're gonna put them on the Left we
might have to move them later
no jack today I'm sorry so this this
sniper right here over here that is key
that is fucking key to this mission now
ideally I would love to have ghost
grenades but we don't have those yet I
know I think I had some resource issues
early I forgot to launch a satellite in
at the end of month one fucking rookie
mistake and I made it it happens we're
all prone to failure
right its first serve everybody -
nothing is alerted keep bringing amsr up
what what game are you talking about for
twitch for switch for the switch ASMR
game I don't I don't know what it is I
read what was released for it there was
only two than two games for the switch
that I'm interested in and they're
probably gonna be the only two games
that ever come out on the switch I'm
interested in so there's my answer
alright I wish I had ghost grenades but
I don't all right see what's gonna
happen is up closer to this little
device here there's a couple of thin men
two thin men up there we're going to get
alerted
so because we got this handy squad side
sniper we're gonna put him out overwatch
and we're gonna move up with my assaults
wouldn't even see me which is
interesting I can see them but they're
not alerted which we can possibly get
the jump on them
so don't alert any of those fuckers just
play cool man
alright we're gonna burn a turn we're
gonna burn a turn so we can get the jump
on this thinman alright so we're gonna
keep pinning him on overwatch and
hopefully we're gonna get a free kill my
heavies are gonna move up far enough to
probably alert them no shit we got two
different groups I was hoping that
wasn't close enough to alert them all
right we can deal with that how come
they're not alerted yet
that is so weird alright alright
Plan B rocket
yeah overwatch does give you a mental
tease but if you've got a decent squad
side sniper their aims pretty high to
begin with so it probably won't matter
and actually I don't think this
particular sniper has it yet there's a
perk that the sniper has that you can
choose I always choose it that takes
away the overwatch penalty all right so
we got some thin men up front here as
great
done and where's my other hey
Toussaint's where's my other song
earlier or is it over there
you probably don't have a shot from here
but we're gonna see do we risk that yeah
we do that's full cover
where's my where's my shoot at thanks
button
keybindings tactical shortcuts
there go
79% chance that's decent yeah we got him
easy-peasy
so this mission we got these for
consoles going along this train we have
to activate them all and get the front
to the front of the Train before time
runs out
yes this run has had I think two deaths
already I had a bad start but pretty
decent recovery oh good
and that thinman is dirt did this term
so I not too worried about his fucking
ass and I'm really sorry that squad side
sniper did not come into use yet
I guess he shot a mutant mutant whatever
but normally normally I get one of those
thin men doing that very I'm very sad it
didn't happen this time and we're gonna
start marching these guys up a little
bit of dashing but we got to stay ahead
of the curve here
turn on the thing all right
and the series gonna dash up and join
everyone else
what's some what up top is that don't
replace you can get
now I'll just move up instead sorry I
wanted to get somebody on top of the
Train I don't think it's gonna happen
tell you my salts have lightning
reflexes yes they do
all right that's very important
lightning reflexes let you dodge an
overwatch shop which I have to imagine
I'm going to need this next term some
some mutants probably gonna drop down
from the sky possibly two and that are
always land in the same spots
all right
one down that's good
I know there's another I could take this
shot with my sniper but I know there's
another Finn man that's gonna be an
issue so see if I can kill him with
everyone else Cerie you're the only one
that sees them
Jeff good shot
when in doubt Luke
yeah I'm more worried about that thin
man
might be a mistake we'll see
all right it did not activate
I need to I need to reload some guns
here really Oh
yeah I know all right
no we're gonna see it next turn right
now
yeah
oh yeah of course
of course it's gonna be too far for a
grenade of course it is at 50% I'll take
it and a words
all right
we'll be fired legs fine earrings fine
I'm a little bit behind schedule
I'd like to have this thin men dead
before now but is what it is squad sight
with a pistol oh god it feels cheap but
it works I'm sure it's a glitch
that's more like it all right
and we're effectively done with this
mission
dunh dunh did it but I think was worse
Suicide Squad or Ghostbusters 2016 I did
not see Suicide Squad I don't really
care too
good enough fix the audio Oh for fuck's
sake what is wrong with the audio tell
me specifically what is wrong with the
audio what do I need to fix and what way
is it broken
your game glitch and the Train wouldn't
activate yeah I've had that happen to me
before no game audio alright let me turn
my thing of a trek thing up
wait is that good or is that too loud is
that fine I don't know
turn it up a little bit more
right
has Jack been abducted by aliens
yes Umberto is leveling up nicely I've
got full on glass cannon with Frisco and
I never understood the rapid reaction
perk on a heavy you know play the game
you don't know about this you don't care
about this whatever I'm gonna explain
this on the perk tree heavy you can
choose between he demo which is plus 50%
damage against robotic enemies which
there's some really dangerous robotic
enemies in the game that's a nice perk
or rapid reaction rapid reaction confers
a second reaction shot if on overwatch
and the first reaction shot is a hit
that sounds good except the heavy has
the worst aim in the game so you usually
well that's happened on top of the bad
starting aim than a heavy has reaction
chance have a minus 20 so that 70 aim
it's kind of like 50 so you frequently
don't even make the first overwatch shot
so you're definitely not gonna get the
second one and if you get the second
reaction shot that's probably gonna miss
and the heavy machine-gun like every
other weapon in the game you get four
shots to start with only three so you're
burning you're burning through ammo
that's doing no damage with reaction
shot it's the dumbest fucking perk in
the world
always go with heat ammo
we will be in touch commander all right
what am i building here I got alien time
I don't remember what we built him what
we didn't build so I'm I'm I have to
reacquaint myself here all right that's
a good spot to build steam
what are we researching precision lasers
all right all right
if we not caught an alien yet do we need
to catch an alien I think we need to
catch an alien
capture live alien alright
I've all right have I ever tried low
more I get I get that question 20 times
the stream especially when I'm playing X
come
I like I've I know about it I'm very
from I'm aware of it I'm aware it exists
I like a lot of the changes they've made
I don't like some of the changes I've
heard they've made on the tactical side
of the game so I haven't played it
that's the reason you don't see me
playing a long war I like a lot of what
they've done there's my answer to the
long war question I don't like all right
even with your full officer training
school upgrades and XCOM the the maximum
number of soldiers you can have on a
mission in this game is six in long war
I believe they doubled that I maybe I'm
wrong maybe they have adjusted long war
I've heard you can have up to 12
soldiers in long and a lot with a long
war mod I think that's too many just a
little thought experiment for you here
superhero teams
how many superhero teams can you think
of that have more than like six or eight
members usually it's somewhere around
six or seven and the superhero teams who
do have a lot more like Legion you know
in DCU Legion a superhero that will have
that I guess not the Legion of
super-heroes
no yeah they've got like dozens and
dozens of characters how do you even go
on like a mission at any one time too
many
too many
but actually you know the I think the
comments gonna focus on like six people
and usually not more than that there's
just too many characters to keep track
of it's too many that none of that mini
rent long warrant you have eight I've
heard it was twelve
so I didn't like that change I think six
is a good number for this game and it
sounds like they turned the perk tree
into a mess a hot mess
satellite what's going on with my
satellites I've got the uplink uplink is
built so I guess we're just waiting on
the satellites all right we have a
secure transmission coming in from the
council commander
excellent we look forward to seeing your
progress
all right two more days okay
look at all these supports we got cursed
with healings healings great if you're a
bad player who gets shot a lot then
healings great this mission can get
messy ask missions not bad
none of the scripted missions are too
bad because you know exactly where
things are gonna be there's one issue
with this mission and ilex I'll talk
about it when we get to it I wish I had
fucking ghost grenades this mission
would be a lot better if I had ghost
grenades
we're heading into China for the next
operation
big sky took care of the delivery but
now comes the hard part if we're going
to set that battleship down intact rich
do you see ghosts yes yes I see ghosts
oh I looked around me oh noes the ghosts
every stream is somebody talking about
the ghost behind me I think it's funny
I think it's funny why do they think
that's funny what's wrong with them
what's wrong with their brains what's
wrong with the brain I don't understand
it
moving the designated position
stepping on
you take baths or showers both both in
the morning shower my back's bothering
me at night bath hot baths
the conduits positioned on the surface
of that battleship are tied directly
into the ship's power grid if we can
disable the conduits or destroy them
with explosives it should put that thing
out of commission allowing us to seize
its cargo without the risk of collateral
damage can I go a hollow targeting on
any of these heavies I don't think I did
I probably should have it's an
underrated perk how the targeting means
that any enemy you shoot at with the
heavy everybody else gets a plus 10 aim
on that enemy I usually take the other
perk in that tree bullets warm because
to shot shooting twice when you don't
move is pretty good but there are times
when hollow targeting is nice
I've changed up my strategy my personal
strategies strategies a bit actually
since I even started this game like I've
been evolving since I've been trying the
classic difficulty no soldiers lost
XCOM run I'm a free time and I've come
to love ghost grenades they're expensive
early but they're worth it and I mean
I've been specking one heavy
specifically to get the Grenadier a perk
which gives you two uses of a grenade I
can use that ghost grenade twice which
has been saving my ass a lot
what is my distance formula and XCOM to
adjust for bad aim
X to the Y minus Z oh the ghost grenade
is a grenade that makes you stealth then
put you and makes you a grenade that
makes anybody you hit with a grenade
invisible which you use it on yourself
and the enemies can't see you for a turn
it feels cheap but it's really saved my
ass a lot since I started using it I
guess it feels cheap because it is
extremely cheap and I've decided I'm
okay with that
lost in technicolor says hey rich that
documentary I told you about Tower is
now available to rent on Amazon and
other streaming sites just thought I'd
let you know because it was only
available on iTunes for a bit okay thank
you for let me know I'll check it out on
Amazon they were talking about this a
different story I'm lost the tower
documentary about the that Texas sniper
back in the 60s a fascinating story and
I'm curious to see a documentary about
it
I like documentaries about things I like
and turbo maistro' Chesto says hey rich
did you play XCOM have you ever played
the 1997 ex-con apocalypse apocalypse
takes place in a future mega city
fighting extraterrestrial aliens it's
very ghostbusters like I haven't played
that one but ghostbusters like is an odd
description I'm not very familiar with
apocalypse what do I name my soldiers
after I name my soldiers after people on
the check
did he shoot JFK no the Texas sniper I'm
talking about I guess that was also a
Texas sniper shot a bunch of innocent
people on a college campus it was one of
the first mass shootings and that I that
I'm aware of in US history he parked
himself on top of a clock tower at a
college and just started shooting people
Charles Whitman Thank You Chad I always
forget his name Charles Whitman
my car rich just implied JFK wasn't
innocent as any president of the United
States innocent oh yeah I just poisoned
me that could have gone much worse that
could have gone much worse
c'mon yes
that was the one tricky thing about this
level there's a that rogue thin man who
drops down can be problems
oh I forgot to bring gum no I have an
Arthur oh never mind
I do have an arc thrower I did not
forget to bring one we need to capture
an alien if we can which will hopefully
happen this turn well not this turn a
couple turns we'll see
on my way
soldier customizations that was actually
a DLC kind of awfully because the
soldier customization is neat it is just
a cosmetic thing though but I don't know
if that was available on the consoles or
not it was definitely available on the
PC I assume you get it for free with
enemy within as opposed to just the base
game but I'm not sure about that but I
presume it got bundled with aw the enemy
within expansion
oh wait we've had ahead of myself I
should have gotten that sniper over here
we can make do
though I don't think I'm gonna get any
captures I think I fucked that up
you might get one how close can you get
Oh your poison that's why your movement
sucks I should have waited a turn or two
should have waited it was dumb
twist dumb on my part
this could get bad I did do something
dumb but that's on me that's on me
so me for not waiting to my sniper was
in place
yeah
all right you could get there too late
to be any help but they'll get there
welke b85 says hi rich just a reminder
please use my support soldier when
creating mech troopers his father never
believed he'd amount to anything and
then became a support help prove his
father wrong mokey did I not did I give
you a warning before I named that
character who wants to be a support that
I'm never going to use did I did I not
warn you we'll see we'll see I make no
guarantees
I didn't necessarily want him to die
it's getting awful close to a poison
cloud
stun stun yes
now I got to deal with that fucking
crystalline
fucking around that Chris lid I gotta
get ready for the other problem in this
level
you should've left someone else in
overwatch how long
what's done is done that will be fine
I will be fine
close combat nice all right
all right this level this mission level
this mission has one thing that is a
constant thorn in my side a pain in my
ass something I just don't like there is
a rogue cyber disc in the back part of
this level what I mean by rogue is
normally aliens in this game they don't
get activated until you see them until
then they're not they're not gonna shoot
at you they can't take a free shot at
you until you know they're there there's
a cyber disc that doesn't care about
that so you could be minding your own
business going through the level and he
could wander into your field of vision
and take a shot he just wanders around
he's usually over in here usually not
always it it is the biggest challenge in
this level and there's actually a good
chance he's going to kill someone
because he's hard to deal with
so what's gonna happen is what's gonna
happen is this and hopefully this will
work with dealing with me we're gonna
get all our guys down by this door
swat-style ready to burst through we're
gonna open the door and if we're lucky
he'll be close but not too close and we
can we can take him out and that thin
man with our heavies and then we're
gonna have a thin man over here is gonna
get activated this this section is nuts
just save this is Ironman mode I can't
save I can't save scum Ironman Ironman
prevents that plus I would know
all right
here
all right now there's a chance right now
that he's gonna walk through that door
right now while we're all set up and
he's gonna he's gonna nail us
point-blank that's always possible oh I
hate the cyberdust so much
we can't get a read on that thing ah
all right then then to cover behind the
thing that I'd rather not have to blow
up but I'm going to have to blow it up
dude disabling shot now 54 percent
chance no we're not doing it disabling
shot playing this straight you've got
heat and you probably got decent aim
series guy I think both got heat heat mo
the thing that does more damage on
robots like this flying disc from hell
hit it with a shredder
hit it with a regular rocket
and hopefully Tiberius can take it out
sixty-four maybe not youth nope
shit
it's okay it's okay yeah yeah I didn't
want to have to go in here because
that's gonna activate that Thin Man
yeah he's gonna is gonna get a shot on
someone uh great there's not much I can
do about it
not much 65 dude what the fuck
65
I'll take 71 all right
this thin man's gonna kill someone
nope
yes everyone gets to live for now
it's the game window cut off of the
sides um I'll take a look at that in a
second
all right yes this is classic difficulty
where the strategy is to hit them hard
before they have a chance to hit you
hard that's how you win
understood
just do it camera
all right we're get ready to come
through those doors Shannon why do you
like my shirt
thank you like it's a fucking classic
comic book Doctor Strange shirt how
often do you see that shit I gotta get
it I must buy it all right now we do
battle with the Mouton
no shit we knew they were in there all
right 94% you can handle that you can
handle that easy easy easy
new shirt I've worn this once or twice
before yes it came in it came in a nerd
box and it had my favorite logo on it
all right
soften that fucker up sorry
and Humberto you go trigger that you
trigger that overwatch always have at
least one assault with lightning
reflexes this is so handy it's so handy
done I love this game
support class becomes less valuable once
you play the game enough to learn stuff
like spawn locations etc yeah well
especially the spawn locations you don't
really get that unlike um like the Terra
missions or the abduction missions or
the downed UFO because the aliens move
around or they spawn somewhat randomly
and it's not always gonna be the same
types of aliens so the learning
locations that's that's only really
relevant in like the council missions
alright we've got a level up
this that knows that perk that
eliminates the reaction shot penalty
which is good
I know it wasn't easy but this could
really be a turning point in our
research not only can we interrogate the
subject but bringing an alien back alive
provides us with a much better
understanding of their physiology
impressive work indeed preparations in
the containment facility aren't well
underway
remember we will be watching
right
what have we got going on here right now
nothing why did UFO those are always
much tougher nuts to crack
oh we're down on lightning reflexes of
salt that's not bad we can deal we can
deal
that's bad but we can deal um oh we
still need did no we did capture
actually I needed to change that right
now one of the mission objectives Oh
screen size no not you you're fine I
need the other thing
they're now the things not cut off like
it was before
all right so one of our one of our story
objectives one of the things we we need
to do to to solve this alien problems we
need to interrogate alive alien and we
did just capture a sectoid last mission
so there we go there we go we're gonna
switch our research project to
interrogating the alien
the guided missile launch launcher is a
lifesaver
right actually I don't go out of my way
to research that early it's a great
weapon but yeah then that's a lot of
research left rich yeah I know we're we
are early we are so fuckin early in this
game this is a long game and I think
that's a good thing
yes I would like a cybernetic slab
next year we're gonna build a foundry
yes I would like robot death machines
renegade Kira says hey rich nothing
interesting is coming out soon what are
you guys planning to review next
how about 2016 games we skipped I highly
recommend hitmen Shadow Warrior 2 or
overcooked lol oh oh we don't we don't
one we did and like I say where it is a
couple things yeah is not the most
exciting thing we know it's an episodes
deal with it fuck you know deal with it
it's an episode talking about some
boring shit that's what we're talking
about next episode
damn straight born shouldn't old shit
that's what you get
as far as half in the bag I can't say
but free wreck boring shit and old shit
that's what's coming up next this is the
gray market what do we got going on oh
god that's a shitload useless thin man
corpses that we can turn directly into
money and using that money thinking
ahead Thermal generator
what did I have to say about the switch
Mario and Zelda look good it was
probably gonna be the only two games
that ever come out on it I give a shit
about but it might be more than just for
that I don't know there you go that's my
that's my quick summary of talking about
the switch who the fuck would buy a thin
man corpse I don't know but they give me
good money for that shit what we're
doing oh yeah I just built Thermal
generator and now oh yes
landing site wish I had my precision
lasers
strike one prepare for landing
why do people hate the city in the new
super mario game like they showed so
many other colorful Mario like areas why
would you think that were the whole game
why why why why why
get ready to deploy our AO is within the
continental United States reports
indicate the UFO sat down in a sparsely
populated area we need to stay sharp and
eliminate the invaders
Roger that big sky strike one you agreed
to deploy approach with extreme caution
current enemy status of a site is
unknown
oh that's right I got one assault this
mission oh god I'm not looking forward
to tackle this with one assault
well let's could get messy landed UFOs
alright you can shoot down UFOs and then
to have a mission there or the UFO can
land on its own and then you have a
mission here in XCOM basically if a UFO
lands and isn't shot down there's gonna
be more aliens the ones you shoot down
like some of them die when the UFO
crashes but if it's a landed UFO we're
gonna be shocked full of fucking thin
men floaters all that shit we don't want
to deal with right now
this is gonna be this is gonna be bad
times bad times
roger-dodger
and mine says do you think Mario on
switch looks like Sonic 2006
lol fern Akane under the condom I gotta
get closer
my old eyes can read this for I get
under the concept of the King Mike Hawk
look just because realistic thing mixed
with cartoony mascot doesn't mean it's
gonna be just like Sonic Oh sex it does
not mean that I I don't believe they're
going to be that dumb with Mario
did I hear that Jimmy Superfly Snuka
died at the age of 73 yeah he sort of
should have died earlier that murdering
son of a bitch
I'm rolling
nope slow and steady fuck the MELD
right now
oh really you're not gonna trigger an
overwatch shot it's exactly what I need
when I don't have lightning reflexes but
this is what Rockets are for
hopefully that gets him really some of
them got two of them there were three
scanning
so strategy is to wait why always want
he just he walks one frame in so he
doesn't trigger the shot oh he moved
because he was dumb the ia I totally
should have taken a shot
oh well I'll take it
I
how old was I when me and Mike did that
Richard Edlund versus the sun's stuff I
fucking love that shit
we were probably still in high school
16 17
that's pretty good I'll take this
you hate floaters why floaters are
nowhere near as mobile as thin men they
don't they're usually don't have a big
problem killing floaters hey well I hate
and love than men
what role do I consider the most
embarrassing pretty much everything I've
ever been in I don't I don't like
watching myself on camera it makes me
uncomfortable makes me squeamish
you did the hidden potential perk for
the first time you had a sniper with a
110 aim without the scope yeah that's
why I don't that's cool it's fun
sometimes to be overpowered but the
reason I don't use hidden potential on
it's because it just leads to
overpowered troops but it's fun to do
all right the MELD can go fuck right off
we're gonna start moving up but there's
probably aliens inside the UFO and as
you can see we blew a giant hole in the
side
I'd rather aggravate the aliens on my
own terms so we're gonna try and be a
little bit stealth about it rather than
walking right into this open area we're
gonna sneak up on the spline side and
get along this wall that's that's what
we're going to try to do do I recommend
this over XCOM - they're both fine games
I like them both honestly I've been
stuck on replaying this for a while
because I've been I'm actually at home
this isn't gonna be the it's not the
street it's not the playthrough I'm
streaming but I'm close to doing it I'm
real close to doing it I'm almost at the
overseer UFO once you get to the
overseer UFO you're you're a hop skip
and jump away from beating the game the
the only the only loss I've had on that
playthrough was there's a special
mission where you get as part of one of
the DLCs there's a special mission where
you get like security troops to use like
extra grunts I lost one of those and I
feel bad about it because I didn't have
to it was just done stupidly I forgot I
forgot an alien was an over watched when
I moved one of them still I didn't lose
any troopers proper on that run yet and
I'm almost at the end and I will I will
scratch my XCOM one itch - is different
enough - it's good and I think it's
different enough where both games have
their own merit
now
that's okay I've been asked that a
million times it's because uh it's
always somebody's first stream or you're
not at every stream and it's cool we're
all cool dude yo yo
it'd be hip y'all yo I don't know am I
ever gonna try a Dead Rising 2 perfect
run like I did with Dead Rising 1 it's a
good question I almost did once I had
like a few kind of false starts where I
tried it feeling out a run but I never
went through with it I'll be in the mood
someday to try I wouldn't get out now if
I ever do a Dead Rising 2 no death rum
I can't guarantee it's gonna be a
perfect run the if I if I do it the
attempts gonna be no death
first and foremost try and save everyone
and get the best ending but might not
basically the priority is gonna be no
death then the second priority is gonna
be main story best ending main story and
then after that save everybody I can I
wouldn't guarantee it would be perfect
though that's a lot easier to do it in
two that it is in one with with four
it's impossible because they gutted the
series
sorry I'm taking this very slow part
because I'm kind of reading chat now and
also because this is a dangerous mission
and we're taking it safe
which one should a first-time ex-con
player get one or two it's impossible
for me to say because I didn't commit to
from the perspective of uh of not having
played one this is hard for me to really
give you an honest answer I know when I
first started playing to to was a lot
more difficult than one when I first
started playing some of that could be
because I was used to one though because
I think after I got used to it actually
I would say it's actually now easier
than one God possibly deeper I know I
really need to replay to now was dead
rising for as bad as it looked
I didn't play much more of it honestly
after that stream I didn't feel any real
need to I think the series is dead
that bearded jerk whose only credit
before that was Kinect games killed the
series in an effort to make it
lowest-common-denominator and fuck him
and his beard
this movie ever changed my life or my
outlook on the world before that's
that's an interesting question
I don't think so though
see this is gonna be a pain because once
we're in there we can't use rockets
because we're gonna have to move to get
inside the UFO er I suppose I could have
blown open a hole in the side but I'd
never get I could
I got a grenade I have to waste
somebody's turn
interesting
I'm glad we waited all right before we
do what I'm gonna do we're gonna take
care of that stealth fucker first look
Dead Rising without the timer is not
dead rising no pause talking about this
for a little bit because somebody on the
video for the the Dead Rising video of
the Dead Rising 4 video is really what
hurt I didn't give it a chance they
stripped out everything I like about the
series Dead Rising 1 to me is not a
brawler it is a fucking time management
game like Dead Rising 1 has this
wonderful it's just like wonderful
little clockwork world that goes on
regardless of what you do it's like a
story that plays out and you you
interfere with that or you don't the
only goal is to be on the helicopter pad
on the roof at the end of three days
it's not like a linen here's the next
part here's the linear' thing you do and
if you wanted to get to the truth about
what happened and follow the main story
you had to be certain places at certain
times and honestly those time limits are
very generous except there are survivor
missions that pop off in addition to the
main story missions and it's like jeez
if I take the time to rescue these
people I might not make that main story
quest and you're constantly having to
balance what you what you do because you
can't do everything like I don't have
time to save that person that I got to
just let that person die because I've
got to meet up with Isabela in front of
the store
terrorizing was great and they threw all
of that out once they have thrown
everything I have enjoyed about the
series up to that point out the window
what do you mean give it a chance it's
not it's not the thing I liked anymore
what is there do give a chance a dumb
brawler brawlers can be fun I guess it
seemed like kind of a dumb one from what
I was playing I mean I don't I don't
care much for what's that series Jack's
like the Shogun warrior one oh wait what
does I can't remember what it's called
but you just die to see warriors like
all right you just kill all the zombies
over and okay it's not the same thing at
all it's got AIDS you don't have time
unless you're rich Evans that's why that
was the beauty of Dead Rising one you in
order to do everything which I have
proven is possible you have to do you
have to be good at the game Dead Rising
one like that perfect run was a puzzle
that took me eight years to solve I
fucking loved it let's throw all that
off the window so we can focus on dumb
people that's that's Dead Rising for it
it can go fuck itself
frank west was not a wacky character who
made jokes
that's not even where the comedy came
from in dead rising it wasn't oh he says
funny thinks he said that one thing that
was me image but Frank West was he was
that he wasn't a joke character he was
wrong place wrong time
he he was a man in over his head and he
wasn't I say the one-liners I say the
funny thing yeah Frank West was never a
good character though not even freak
West he might not be the best character
ever but he was interesting there's this
moment in in Dead Rising one that I just
love because you started the game you
just say he said he's kind of like an
arrogant self-interested jerks like
everybody's gonna know my name in three
days cuz I'm gonna crack this story cuz
he's he's dumb he thinks he's he thinks
he's going in to cover what some regular
riot and he has no idea what Frank West
has no idea what he's getting into
he's just this guy in over his head
running around trying to get her and
this is moment in the game I love and
it's a great character moment where you
meet up with the two homeland security
agents and Brad one of the security
agents he he dies and Frank knows this
but I'm drawing a blank on her name
Brad's partner back at the safehouse
with the injured ankle she doesn't know
that Brad's dead and you go back to the
safe house and she's like have you seen
seen Brad or something like that and and
it's like a moment in the game or like
the character Frank West he realizes
that he's kind of in charge of this now
Brad is dead jesse is injured and it's
on him to break this story because this
is now more important than just him and
it's a wonderful moment that happens in
dead
one who's who's the girl's name the I
think her name was Jessie I came from
her name the other FBI the other
homeland security agent drawing a
complete blank on her name all right did
I kill that other yeah I did
sorry I got the talking about Dead
Rising all right I'm gonna try something
that might be stupid we're gonna blow a
hole on the side of this thing if I if I
can do that I don't think I can do that
without now we'd have to move everybody
up I don't think I am going to do that I
can use my rockets if I do
it's probably a bad idea
you have to back up just enough I'll try
back again I'll do it I'll give it a
shot it might be fun
all right I'll explain this once the
overwatch has been done all right what I
am going to do is I'm going to throw a
grenade and burst a hole in the side of
this UFO the reason I am doing that is
the only other way I can get in here is
to move in here and if I move in there
like the heavies they can't fire a
rocket after they've moved and my
snipers can't use their sniper rifle one
after they've moved if I blow a hole
they'll be able to see in there and
shoot without moving but I have to be
able to blow a hole in this thing
without injuring my own troops or it
just defeats the purpose fucking here we
go we're doing it
worked it worked
it is always reassuring when our troops
return from an operation on rich whenas
Gamestation coming back it already did
it is now called previously recorded
pink is not a good camouflage cover this
is what happens when you let your fiance
decorate everybody
Grenadiers dangerzone we need we need
ourselves I'm gonna take grenadiers
because we need ourselves fucking ghost
grenade only one though
commander our intelligence sources
indicated that our previously unknown
organization is attempting to you don't
know how aliens eyes were field
operations maybe there I have some kind
of colorblindness and pink just looks
like them like everything else you know
the sympathies for the invaders you
don't know it isn't you don't know alien
technology and artifacts critical to
your efforts early reports indicate this
organization calls itself exalt we trust
you will isolate the source of this new
threat and eliminated commander
the council has provided some additional
resources to help us deal with these
traitors we can begin scanning for
additional exalt cell locations and
launch covert operations to disrupt
their activity via the Situation Room
Oh exalt these are the most boring
fucking missions all right these
missions are dull
to have any troopers who aren't supports
I got one how do i tackle this so many
supports look at that terrible rng part
of the game it's part of the game
I'll tell you what mochi your time to
shine mochi
your time to shine
you're gonna be my operative how old was
I when my hairline started to recede
wasn't my early twenties that's when I
noticed I don't know what it started for
sure alright buster load says rich ever
go by Rick seems kind of hardcore anyway
I've been drinking
Dino made tea do you like any stand-up
comedians oh well noodle my doodle I
couldn't think of 200 letters um said
before I was fond of Richard Pryor very
fond of favorite ever George Carlin and
it hasn't done stand-up in a good long
time but back in the day Eddie Murphy
was pretty damn funny as far as current
I usually just don't end up seeing many
stand-up comics anywhere I don't get
cable I don't catch like your HBO
specials I don't have Comedy Central
I've seen clips of Patton Oswalt that
were pretty good I draw on a plank of
his name who is
I haven't seen much of Dave Chappelle's
stand-up so you just start naming
current comedians and I'll think of his
fucking name it shows you how how big a
fan I am though I can't even think of
his name CK CK Lois CK I think that was
ed I just don't see that many modern
stand-up comedians anywhere
okay
um turn otherwise this hey rich I'm sure
you don't recall but I'm the dude that I
always asked you to play Sierra titles
today is my birthday
and despite not getting around to
playing one I really appreciate all the
laughs well thank you
we've played Sierra games before we will
play them again um sorry gonna itch
they're probably not gonna do it alone
probably something I would do when
Jack's around and we can both do wacky
voices for the text things that pop up
so we're we're running out of good
parser ones I don't like Sierra once
they get into the point-and-click Sierra
era Sierra that sounds funny but it's
accurate
turbo by stroke Chesto says or Meister
oh I guess it's turbo maestro chest yeah
whatever
rich any interest in the original
fallout 1 2 they are isometric RPGs but
do have tactical XCOM light combat and
post apocalypse at mag max like settings
also did you get my last tip I read your
last tip I remember reading one from you
and yeah the one about apocalypse you
just didn't hear it my friend I didn't
play apocalypse as far as fallout 1 & 2
hey maybe someday like I said there's
dozens and dozens and hundreds of games
that people say I need to play both old
and new so hard on them point and clicks
I just don't like them as much I'm sorry
it's my personal opinion you can go on
loving them and and we're all happy
we're all happy that way
um what are we doing right now nothing
so how'd it go doctor better than
expected before the creature expired I
was able to extract some new information
finds you're saying that thing spoke to
you not precisely but when you have
access to a creatures brain certain
patterns can be discerned recent images
and thoughts and what exactly was our
late friend
I never ruled out fall off 1 & 2 I never
said oh they're terrible I didn't say
that I said there's a ton of games I
know I need to play or should take a
look and that's those they're one of
them either kind of breakthrough Weaver
there was a new link in the creatures
mind between this image and this one
that's the thing that pulled a
disappearing act when we shut down our
first UFO let me guess you want to poke
around and it said - it is the next
piece of the puzzle and this time
instead of shooting it I suggest we try
to capture it alive rich do you ever
play RTS games like Starcraft they're
just they're not my thing I'm not saying
they're terrible I'm saying they're not
for me I don't like the the frenetic
kind of pace I kind of multitasking in
real time I I just personally don't care
for it I really wanted to get into
homeworld 2 that was one oh shit
spaceships and playing around with
spaceship that's not so great and then I
do it's real time I never really quite
got into it I tried
all right so we have interrogated a
sectoid every different alien type you
interrogate gives you a research bonus
so even though we're almost done
researching them I get my research time
on laser weaponry halved and one more
day
wellgood lasers will get sniper lasers
I need to capture um gotta remember to
capture
you commander we're tracking several
reported abductions via the holiday OBE
I've got the coordinates locked in
real-time strategy like whole world you
can actually pause and give orders yeah
but you know as well as I do it wasn't
really designed for that and it doesn't
play well that way you know you know man
come on you can't you can't take it I
know everyone always says you can pause
but pretending a real-time strategy game
as a turn-based one by pausing
constantly it's not the same it's not
the same all right
Australia Mexico and Egypt engineers
scientists or money what's the panic
situation fortunately it's not in Europe
I don't worry about Europe Australia
Asia is panic is really good I'll let
was in Australia whenever one is I'll
let that one go and no matter what I'm
gonna lose a country to panic with these
super we got satellites if we can we can
cross that bridge when we come to it
actually how many satellites do I have
coming three oh that's not good that's
not good
well I might lose a country no matter
what
and I think we've had to do the terror
mission yet we might can will probably
get saved from losing a country we'll
see no wait we had the terror mission I
almost have to lose a I do have to lose
a country now wait to available to
available and how many are you building
three satellites in six days why don't I
get two available
oh is this month I've fucked up a little
bit how badly
damn
all right well it's not gonna be a run
where we don't lose a single country but
that'll be alright
that'd be alright it'll be fine
everything's gonna be fine
ideally but I didn't fuck up so much in
the early part of this run we'd we'd
have interrogated one of those outsiders
and we've been doing the base mission at
the end of this month and that would
keep us from losing a country but that's
not gonna happen
where's my covert operation oh it's in
Canada oh that's interesting
four days all right at the end of the
month any country that has a red bar all
five panic stages what do you whatever
you want home it has five panic at the
end of the month any of these red
countries are gonna leave the XCOM
project you can manage that by putting a
satellite on the country and that'll
bring the panic down and they will stay
the problem is I can only put one more
satellite in orbits
oh just one I don't even have the yeah
we're gonna lose a bunch even though I'm
building the yeah I never got my
satellite up like built I could just say
screw it to Europe
that's not a good bonus anyway
we're getting scientists rich haven't
you played this game a million times I'm
playing this segmented like last time I
played this particular file was like two
weeks ago it makes me forget what I've
done and what I may need to do plus this
run we did fall behind early because I
forgot to launch a satellite it was dumb
I shouldn't have done it but I happened
you still oh you're still injured zilch
humberto Cabbage Patch one more day one
more day all right well we can deal with
we have visual on the mission site
setting down
how am I not obsessive like you are
about satellite uplinks because I like
to use the money you need to spend on
that to build other things like the
foundry or the cybernetics lab or the
Officer Training School get some
upgrades there get some foundry projects
in I usually manage the panicked by
doing the alien base mission early once
you do the alien base missions what are
the story missions you don't play this
game you don't know once you do that
mission panic gets reduced by one across
the board so you do that at the end of
the month when you're about to lose some
countries and you can save them all by
doing the alien base mission and then I
the month after that then I get back on
the the satellite uplink to start
turning out more than then and then I
can get my toys early and I still don't
lose a country that's that's what I
usually do but I fucked up early and we
got behind on research I got behind on
capturing and I can't do the alien base
mission this month which around now was
when I would normally do that mission
and we can't right now because I fucked
up we've gotten several reports
indicating that the aliens have stepped
up the number of attempted abductions
we'll have to move quickly if we want to
slow the spread
oh this is one of the worst maps in the
game if not the
central Phenix kind position on approach
of the abduction sites guy click one
it's cleared to engage play okay great
great great
watch your backs out there people
halothane Kommandant
take it slow take it slow slowly move up
no rush no rush XCOM no rush don't alert
anything and get your snipers in
position that's what I need to do
thoughts on the new Blade Runner
I don't currently have any thoughts I'm
not in love with the first one I'm in
love with the first one visually I do
think it's slow I'm with Jay I'm in full
agreement with Jay about Blade Runner
that it's it's slow but visually awesome
so I'm sure the new Blade Runner will be
very pretty
XCOM 2 is so stressful because you
always have to fucking rush that's true
but that's arguably a very good change
because ex come to most missions are on
some kind of timer that means you can't
fall back on the same strategies you
used in XCOM one XCOM one where I'm like
taking it slow you can't always do that
in two and that's a good thing because
it makes the games different what worked
in two doesn't work what worked in one
doesn't work in two and that's ok good I
have to do different things I'm fine
with that how slow do we want to take
this
all right I was kind of dumb because I
moved two of my heavies
okay cue let me down here kick what are
my favourite mods for XCOM - I've used
some of the visual ones like that at
accessories military gear goggles and
baklavas and whatever but I very
deliberately set XCOM to to the side
waiting for all the DLC to come out so I
haven't touched it in the while I know
the DLC came out I'm as soon as I as
soon as I get this X come that might my
no death classic XCOM one playthrough
out of the way I'm probably gonna end up
going to two
that floaters are fine you pop them like
candy
they're probably a bad spot
I have nothing personal against the long
war mod but why are you x-com long war
mod fan so obnoxious I've nothing
against the long wot long war mod
personally but man are you people really
obnoxious about it you gotta play the
long war bonds long war buzz the only
way to play X mod mod mod vlog war mod
alright I get it
did you know x-com long war long war
x-com long war long war X come Maude
Maude long war mod X come XCOM X come
blood war mod long war mod it's the only
way to play X come x-com long war mod X
come this is rich I always like to neg
people like this only one people won't
shut up about something
it gets old
know what you don't have to lump along
more fans in with the Final Fantasy fans
the Final Fantasy fans are kind of rude
about it
we immediately read for food is G long
war mod fans are just enthusiastic about
it like you know about long war and
that's fine that doesn't fill me with
violent hate we really wanted you'd be
Jews that fills me with vile and hate
but they're just enthusiastic and I'm
cool with that it's cool man
scanning why did he want
might be stupid this might be stupid
everything about what I'm doing is dumb
except it worked but where the fuck did
that thin man go yeah I hate them in and
the good white where'd it go
there's only so many places it could
have gone not moving my snipers until I
kill that thin man
now we're gonna advance
favorite sci-fi besides Star Trek um I
don't really have them ranked as leg
universes I know I enjoy Robocop looking
for TV show I love Farscape
than men hit me behind high cover like
it were nothing like it were nothing
and I'm sorry if I offended you if
you're a long war fan I just I'm tired
of hearing about it I know about it I
know about it I know about it
I know about it I didn't I didn't I
didn't like some of the changes I heard
they made I'm sorry I'm sorry but I know
about it bring it up every time I play
this game 30 times a minute
yeah boy they bus again
we're going to go
who is my favorite Muppet well the
answer is Kermit
I'm in no rush if we miss that mill the
big deal we got one we got one of the
two canisters I'm happy with that I'm
not gonna risk that have I ever read any
of your shedders masterpieces in the
tech world books yes
and when it came out I was young enough
to enjoy tech warm the first one I I
can't even imagine how poorly that
probably aged yep all right well we're
gonna move you
alright gonna be a risky son-of-a-bitch
89 that's that's some hot shit let's see
if we can kill that other one first
all right now I've got a really good
shot on that guy 98% but here here here
is the the X come Creed the motto
whatever backup plan always have a
fucking back-up plan and have a back-up
plan for your backup plan that 98%
chance to hit is a 2% chance to miss
altogether then even if I hit that laser
does up to 5 damage that's up to I might
only do 3 damage so before we take that
shot back-up plan one heavy good
that's a back-up plan back-up plan too
also heavy I think this is why heavies
are nice to 90% chances to hit
relatively low odds of missing a 98%
chance a 90% chance and another 90%
chance she doesn't have room but
actually that would blow up the car that
would kill him wait wait it if it
doesn't I can use the grenade because
something will probably hit he'll
probably be down to at least one health
and then last resort she rushes in and
takes a shot so rather than blowing them
up I'm gonna take a risk with Kirk here
and see if we can get those weapon
fragments and we did but we had four
backup plans you've lost two heavy shots
before so bye so am I
but my other option would be to retreat
and not take the shot and hunker down
and that gives him a chance to take a
shot at us which we don't want to do
actually him I couldn't have hunkered
down because he moved once whatever
we're moving on with the game my point
was temp for some emphasize planning
planning planning well that doesn't work
what do you do what do you do if that
doesn't work well that doesn't work what
do you do
scary
all right that melda's lost there's no
reason not to take my time
it could be dumb that cars on fire I
think we'll be alright
think we'll be alright
all right no losses doing well doing
really well here doing great
so I need better armor just to kick my
research and came up
did you just have a shotgun
yeah
goodbye Mexico
oh wait
I did capture an outsider I did that in
a previous stream I can do the base
mission this month all I got are armor
see this is this is the thing because
like I said the last time I played this
file was like a couple weeks ago I
already did capture an outsider we can
do the base mission this month we can do
the base mission this month
I don't got I don't got armor though I
don't got upgraded armor if I can make
this interesting I think we might find
once we get inside that facility imagine
what they might be doing down there I'm
sure we'll find out soon enough okay we
found it now how do we get inside I
thought you'd never ask
fortune favors the bold yes it does my
friend yes it does want that too that's
only two days wolf-cub no nuts in wolf
come how many days
alright alright let's see what after the
secret do we have money alright
covert operations in one day do I risk
an injury on that mission for the base
thinking I want that ghost grenade
I want that ghost grenade
I can afford it I can afford it and then
some which is good it could sell some of
that shit sorry I'm doing some thinking
here how did I end up with this many
corpses what do I need to buy that
facility just give the word and I'll
begin manufacturing the key immediately
I want a foundry
oh never said alien alien alloys you use
that to build too much stuff like when
you get armored you build it using the
alien alloys when you research stuff you
use the alien alloys and then sell the
corpses before you sell any of the
alloys man man like before I sell an
alloy I've got UFO power sources to
spare those are gonna go let alone you
know this damage chin I need I'm gonna
buy a freaking ghost grenade but I need
to finish that research and I want that
before I do the alien base mission I
don't get the ghost grenades until after
we finished the seeker autopsy in two
days one day I got this fucking covert
boring-ass covert operation mission the
only problem with that mission is I risk
an injury and I don't want to lose any
of my a team before we for any alien
base mission which I have to do before
the council report in five days
so I need about a hundred and twenty or
so for the ghost grenade I want to build
a foundry before I forget
so that's 220 and then then a fiber vest
12 if I get injured though it's probably
gonna be for three damage well I could I
could suck that up I could absorb that
maybe
RSI can't forget to build my laser
sniper rifles all right let's sell a
bunch of shit all right that's all the
stuff I don't have any use for I think I
only need like six of those for the one
foundry project 309 all right we need
two of those should have built that last
mission but I'm an idiot
oh I can't build it yet until the
thermal generator that's fine it's fine
with with plants
oh you're still injured Oh am I gonna
get you before the alien base mission I
can deal with that I can deal with that
wait Bella Hawk is the one with a good
aim right
touching down we detected an exalt cell
based in Canada it looks like our
operative will need assistance in
securing the end
all right these covert missions have
objectives and this is something that
this is the worst part of enemy with
anime I think you can turn it off in the
menu I think if you turn off Operation
progeny exalt doesn't show up I could be
wrong about that
these missions are the worst because
there's only like four different Maps
and they happen once every week they get
really obnoxious
actually I think I want you there
good copy moving on target
yes the best thing about enemy within
are the MEK troops we're working our way
there we're gonna get mech troops but we
don't have them now I should have won by
now we got a very bad start this
playthrough I forgot to launch a
satellite month one we did bad with
capturing and it's fine we'll be fine
we're catching up
we finally have a visual confirmation
no zaps you did not die how about
extreme rocket launchers
murder them all
yeah
yeah I know I'm wasting all of my
rockets but this is where you would need
them in the first part of this mission
you'll see this mission 10 times because
there's only fucking four maps for the
exalt missions it's awful
see this is how you play X come eating
the point to you you can't get healed
without a support three heavies equaled
everyone else's dead means they didn't
have a chance to shoot you in the first
place
murder everything that's how you win at
X come murder everything
Oh doc
and you know what I've got more Rockets
if I need them because I brought three
heavies and I didn't waste a slot or the
support
my XCOM strategy is to to hit them hard
and and don't stop hitting them I play
this game very aggressively for the most
part
and mochi your that operative I just
moved up over here that's that's you I
did not leave you behind
lightning reflexes for the win
now we just need to find the remaining
relays
thank you
scanning
do you guys
this idea
running
moving to position commander we've got
additional exalt forces moving on the AO
all right SATs wearing that no God darn
it all right that's not gonna ruin the
based mission but I'd rather have Zant's
than not maybe I'll get lucky maybe
it'll be a four-day injury
running
running there's another group of exalt
reinforcements moving into position
commander
you guys are early
excellent work commander our operative
and some valuable new Intel are safe and
sound I know ya know it
the blue blazes hi rich
I thought the soloist dreams wouldn't be
fun but I was wrong
sorry if that sorry if that compliment
sounds backhanded any thoughts about
intend to switch since their
presentation if you saw it or care
talked about that at the beginning the
stream pays to show up early
now Errol I'll summarize it Mario and
Zelda look fun they'll probably be the
only two games that come out in the
system that I give a shit about that
might be worth it anyway there you go
there you go there it is oh I still
forgot to give them the laser sniper now
whatever I didn't didn't hurt it was
enough to take down the rest of exalt
itself unfortunately it looks like this
was just a small part of their wider
reaching clandestine operation we did
manage to find some clues as to the
location of exalts headquarters though
if we can track down more of their cells
and collect additional Intel we'll be
able to narrow down the possibilities
and take out exalt once and for all
all right um oh yeah I'm waiting for my
grenades
all right I built that what else did I
need I'm gonna need the uplink something
else I was gonna build oh yeah not just
yet though
and give me that armor quick
well that's steep but needed but needed
the potential applications for this sort
of tech would have been limitless if the
aliens had only come in peace ah all
right three days I can't wait okay we
can't wait
Frisco Jones I would have brought you
with on the base defense but it can't
wait one two three four five OOP yeah we
lost strobe temporarily but not cool not
cool
yeah well
tactically speaking I know damn well
that I should bring Zang on the base
attack I know I should bring another
heavy saying is not a named person zing
is not one of you chat people and I
cannot you can't rename saying I could
bring mochi but you're gonna die because
you're only a squatty mochi do you want
a mochi do you want to live forever
mochi you're an underpowered
underleveled support mochi do you want
to live forever
for for Gauri I know that was probably a
typo but if it's it it fits
you will notice I do these seemingly
meaningless squad repositioning kajigger
rings when I've like here's here's how
the turn order in X and you can select
any soldier at a time but if you don't
deliberately go to pick another soldier
it goes through a natural progression of
which soldier is next the one in front
here starts then it goes here then it
goes here and then it goes here and then
it goes here right the two on the end go
last if you're not manually selecting
your soldiers and I leave these snipers
on the end because they can't shoot
after they move at least not their main
weapon I I do that so I don't
accidentally move the snipers before
they're the last person to move and well
I want assaults and if I have them
supports to be the first people to move
because the the heavies if they move
they can still use their machine gun but
they can't fire the rocket so you move
assaults and supports force force you
move assaults and supports first then
you move heavies and then you move
snipers if you move them at all that's
why I do that
thanks to dr. Valens research and some
clever developments done in engineering
this skeleton key should allow you to
breach the alien compound only got one
chance to make this work though so let's
make sure we do it right I really wish I
had armor I do not have armor we're
attacking the alien stronghold while
wearing cardboard we're wearing
cardboard
god only knows what they're doing all
the more reason to own the hell
so far we don't have visual confirmation
on the hostiles I wouldn't get too
comfortable though we're expecting heavy
resistance they're probably moving into
position as we speak
all right so I was reading the chat
forbidden this is the alien base
okay
and we're all gonna start our our merge
onwards towards glory or in Mokey's case
gory look at that look at that look at
that low health that that just screams
target if you're an alien that just
screams look at me I'm a target you
could kill me easy they seem to
prioritize based on who they could
possibly kill kill me first I don't
really want to live
I wish I had I wish I had armor alright
nitpick
all right Kirk we're getting use you
were getting use guys in positions
before wheezes as does anything else and
I'd move you guys up at the top level
Jess if something does welcome to our
view we need the over shot overwatch
shots will work we're not going forward
just yet does the difficulty affect a I
um it affects their stats when you play
on the easier difficulty like okay we
can deal with this the enemies have like
a hidden debuffs like their aim is like
uneasy bowed their aim is like 20 less
than it says it is and like if you've
lost a lot of soldiers their aim goes
down even more there's like there's
there's the hidden debuffs that come
with difficulty level all right
it's a couple ways out of us a couple
can you hit jack shit mokey hit jack
shit for me yeah you did it
how much sugar why am i a shirt all
right we can kill these guys this term
this is not a problem this is a problem
that we can handle I forgot to equip my
dose grenade oh I'm a dumbass I'm a
dumbass I forgot to equip the ghost
grenade hopefully we won't need it
hopefully we won't need and I may have
just sentenced everybody to die that's
possible
copy that
just cuz I don't like using supports
doesn't mean I want to see them die I
don't want to see any of my troops die
there my troops
yeah
yeah kit off is that what you said
Ashima
hey I want all my troops to live okay
mokey you go first
mochi which was our name and undertale
by the way thank speaking speaking on
undertale I was watching the tail end of
awesome games done quick which is the
speedrunning marathon on Twitch I just
ended so you can't catch it now I'm
sorry but the finale game was undertale
and I saw the actual ending of the game
and there's a lot more to it than I
thought I'm I'm gonna try and nudge jack
into finishing undertale
yes they have a YouTube channel eight
awesome games done quick I don't know if
they've uploaded any of it to YouTube
yet I mean it it just ended last night
but if they're undertale stream is or
you know recording over there stream if
they're if they're undertale playthrough
is online they just did that undertale
does seem like a jack game i think he
liked it i can't tell you i cannot tell
you why jack did not want to play
through the last bit of that game i
don't think he thinks there's as much
left as there is would be my guess I
didn't either until I watched the plate
the wrong stream
all right mochi you're doing great you
go first
they did a good Mario Sunshine run I I
missed like almost all of it I didn't
know agdq was going on until Saturday
night
honestly I missed pretty much everything
they set some world records not that
usually didn't happen during the
marathons some speed running records for
games during the awesome games done
quick
we're taking this nice and slow I'm in
no hurry no hurry we're gonna get there
when we get there people say this is the
kind of thing you can't do an ex-con to
this kind of well I'm just gonna move a
little think wait to get really slow
well why don't I take the time and
reload you you might hate it like for
the same reason I hate real-time
strategy you might hate it but XCOM to
kind of forces you to take action it's a
slightly more stressful experience
though ultimately more challenging and
when you do beat the levels that way
satisfying no I'm not going to speedrun
anything I'm gonna slow run things I
like doing no death runs of things like
trying to play without dying but I don't
know I never cared much for like like
like I really loved Dark Souls how can I
skip eight ninths of the game by going
out of bounds and glitching right I get
this whole speedrunning culture and it's
a thing I don't I don't fault them for
playing games the way they do but it's
not something that I have an interest in
doing
solid copy
scanning
there'd be bad things coming up bad
things ice tells us--
all of you
got it
understood
yes sir
there's something out there
all right how bad isn't wish I had my
ghost grenade
what could they possibly be storing in
those tanks
it's people Soylent Green is people damn
I really needed that one to be a kill
shot I really needed that
like there's no chance that's gonna is
there
they're at there for a second
oh my god that could be a lifesaver
Cerie you came through again
no I'm okey no no I'm okey I needed the
extra shot what are you doing to me you
failed me what I needed you most
Moki how could you how could you
Oh
for what it's worth if I brought a
medkit mochi would have been the one
with the medkit tell you what you ready
for it there you go
there he go
I'm so sorry you know whose fault it is
his fucking captain nitpick for for kind
of whipping here I only nicked him
well I don't have I'm gonna I'm gonna
stand over your your future quorum
smokey there's nothing we can do got
gotta love those supports
just rush to the edge no no no there's
more than the one guy left we're nowhere
near three turns away from the end of
this there's nothing I can do yes Moki
yeah yella hecka bill you just you just
reload your gun while Moke he's dying
why don't you do that why don't you do
that if I put know I know this I know
this mission there's no way I can push
hard and come through the other side
even if I push I can't get to the end of
this and three turns it's over we'll all
stand here and wait for the inevitable
gosh what somebody's just near really
Kirt cannot take the loss
kirk is a man who cares about about his
crew
ah
all right
on my way
should I reloaded not a big deal
I'm on it commander
moving to designate a position
ten-four
I like this better than the new XCOM I
like them both
there's their there there are different
enough experiences in my opinion they
can coexist but I'm really fond of two
rolling
I have to love one or hate the other
that's the rule of the Internet
well I I reject the rule of the internet
I'm sorry I'm team coexist
yes
my
all right well let's get this started
oh that's not bad I can deal with these
chumps but I got one less gun to train
on them
mochi I'm so sorry
have a love-hate relationship with this
game I have a love love relationship
even they hate it's it's it's not a bad
hate it's oh damn you're challenging I
probably should have just used a missile
oh yeah I need now I'll be fine
nobody else could miss though somebody
else this is its problem
copy that
I'm on a commander
coveri now ready to rock me mmm ago
something
thank you
thank you
all right
got it
boyo
I'm not farting those are the sub lers
it makes a noise it's a fart noise it
might be too quiet normally I've got the
game volume turned up a bit it might be
audible now because of that I'm thinking
about going back to uh I was at what the
fuck but that was so loud and irritating
I'm not sure if I should
all right
it's gonna take a risk maybe it's a bad
one I don't know but we're gonna take a
risk
is this what the aliens do for fun at
least they're not playing computer games
why didn't I do rapid-fire I'm just a
dumbass a complete dumbass 85
no notices hey rich thanks for all the
entertainment you guys have given us
just wanted to ask why you don't like
anything you literally shit on
everything can't you can't you love
things other people love thanks I know
you're kidding so how you gonna say
anything
get really tired of hearing that though
that though really tired of hearing that
especially why I so blatantly love
things like XCOM but I know you're
kidding it's all good it's all good
I think I missed your searing
I'm gonna be honest I don't see it
unless this thing is having trouble
updating if you just say it in the chat
I'll read it but I'm not singing it the
last one I saw was that anonymous
what makes X come one better than two I
don't know that that's better I like I
said I think they're different that you
might not have been talking to me you
might have been talking to somebody in
the chat
confirmed
rich you don't have to be able to say
Bravo
minute of them I can't even do it no
bravado you don't even have to be able
to say Bravo without having bravado
thank you keep wanting to put the
emphasis on the wrong syllable yeah
sorry I don't I don't see a missed tip
in here let's just hadn't hasn't loaded
yet a little tip thing
all right here we go who's oh we just we
just did that what's gonna chill out of
turn chill out of turn let's see what's
going on got some more fucking
crystallins coming up here somewhere
I'm on it commander
oh great those things
I've never seen a little Idol not
discovered yet animation before and that
neat they just float around that's neat
I want one as a pet
not one of the ones that shoot at you
though
got it covered
I've got everything at once
yeah say we never would have gotten here
and done all of this in three terms just
it wasn't in the cards
shit's
yeah it's perfectly awful
can you hit down here blocks
ah great great
no I don't think I brought many grenades
because I had two heavies so I don't
have a grenade to throw down there left
zat's was my grenadiers she had the
grenade perk she would have had the
grenades
oh damn it we can deal with it a little
bit earlier and I'd like oh he grabbed
exactly the right soldier to fuck me up
this could have gone better
all right choking is bad first things
first this little guy here far bigger
threat far bigger threat
71 take it good good
can you do it again now don't shoot
don't shoot up you're issued yes
she has a rocket that was the shredder
rocket only does 4 damage it wouldn't
have killed him those 2 shots did kill
him I made the right choice
and we did find wouldn't work it
everything's good that was fucking lucky
but he need fucking lucky what part of
that was luck I made to 71% set I made
to 71% shot 71% chance shots okay let's
say I miss one then I rush in with my
assault with a running gun and then the
assault finishes him off we were on that
van we weren't on that
Roger that blue 2 3 1 see you inside
central and
something wrong dr. pokey lost reading
good yes that's 85 does say that is
their central command you've got no
other alerts on the entire system
nobody cares
Oh mokey I'm so sorry I really am I'm so
sorry for what it's worth you gave the
stream of very memory you're asking me
about the switch are we going to get it
day one well yeah we'll probably even
likely do an episode on the switch and
Zelda it's very likely it's not gonna
say for sure I haven't talked to Jack
about yet but yeah we're probably gonna
do that so yeah it'll probably add a 1
purchase for us as far as how I feel
about what something about Zelda crying
I haven't I haven't watched whatever it
is from the new Zelda trailer I just got
the information like act like okay this
is the release dates that's all I really
know I actually haven't watched the what
is the breath of the wind I've watched
the trailer for the new Zelda yet I just
know what we saw at the last III
you hope she's not as much of a damsel
as she's shown on the trailer
that's her function in those games
there's nothing wrong with being a
damsel it's a hole it's the whole fairy
tale thing rescue of the princess
yeah they other assaults the hammer with
the aggressive perks
mr. Shah you are second in queue
somebody else had a birthday and who was
it who was it
lupus this time it's lupus has first
dibs on a name but we we haven't gotten
a new soldier since then people just
haven't been dying
all right
panic is decreased one wide by one and I
look at nobody will leave the council at
the end of the month don't otherwise
this rich dude jokes one an irishman
walks out of a bar I get him - what's
worse than finding a worm in your Apple
the Holocaust or maybe for your AIDS
be well sir thanks again for the stream
that's terrible
that actually is terrible but try guys
now that would be worse no that's not
yeah yeah the Holocaust is worse than
finding a worm in your Apple cousin that
is an accurate statement for a second
there I was worried that was the other
way around I was really worried about
that
alright where we got our guy welcome to
the end of this month which I think it's
just a day away so I'm about ready to
call it tonight honestly I think I think
we've ended it at a good at a good place
we've done a major story thing
cybernetics lab will make a decision on
who gets shoved in there next time
yeah next XCOM stream will be the
cybernetic Medan stream or women I don't
know I don't know who the fuck we're
shoving in here all right uh let's get
to the end let's go to the before a
we're great at an a for the month pretty
sweet pretty funky fresh sweet please
please visit the memorial wall before we
go right let's let's now take a moment
at the end of this XCOM stream pay our
respects to those who have died in the
service of this XCOM game Lenina nyx
flex in ski that was a painful one cuz
they were they were a lieutenant sniper
that one heard that one fucking heard
Gino suave operation demon lime plasma
pistol sectoid not a very glamorous way
to go out honestly and moki like plasma
rifle than man
panic never panic you always got to keep
it cool
thank you for your service all right we
read some names and then I'm out of here
it's been fun y'all Yoma my peeps Ches
87 25 fucking months a neurosis over two
goddamn years bumfuzzled bro split atom
split atom says I just lost my job
but here's five more dollars you hack
the fraud hack fucks lol commence
fellatio on my genitalia cous cos 30 to
fucking months in a row just this guy
you know 25 fucking months a neurosis
that's like quite a while it is Thank
You turtle the Y's Erebus and ather says
not enough subs being killed rich you're
too good at this game I think said that
before mochi when digger blue digger
blue says tied to her Kim says hey wreck
rich war long war never changes
Lord Belmont 22 fucking months in a
roses are you going to get resident evil
7 usually got Resident Evil 7 no noobs
98 MC Lucas 31 fucking months in a row
MC Lucas's 31 fucking months rich have
you seen a rival yet I'd love to see an
arrival spoilers stream discussion by
far my favorite film of 2016
I missed it in theaters I'm gonna catch
it when it's on video I'll catch it
later I don't see him
seven months in a row but that's not 12
why did I read that I don't know I was
just in the groove Nazzaro
says I'm sorry the Cowboys lost
hopefully the Packers will lose next
time let's have fun gaben chef Hathaway
says oh my god the noble Eskimo tyranny
Soros rexes praise hail young pope does
that mean something does it mean
there's no idea what that means Svengali
says she packed my bags last night
pre-flight zero hour 9 a.m. and I'm
gonna be high as a kite by then I missed
the earth so much I missed my wife it's
lonely out in space such a timeless
flight and I think it's gonna be a long
long time I know that's a song for when
I didn't catch that quite soon enough
and for another I'm terrible at like
singing so I met him gonna cry one flags
in ski says my two favorite movies of
the year were about music lala land and
sink Street and blast Oh done thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we really do is what Jack
would say if he were here thank you
everybody
a nice night
