Mar 22, 2017
The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/133512973
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/133515224
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gO-LTeBpgYM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NIScIGwEPQU
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/844609055767379975

[Part I]
trying again trying to stream again we
might be streaming right right the
middle of a cutscene does it matter for
spoilers sure it does
the stream is now live oh well either we
were gonna start right before the
cutscene or in the middle either way
I've warned them about spoilers we are
streaming this time so at first I
thought there might be some Phoenix
right tonight I'm definitely not feeling
a hundred percent as far as like you
might be okay ish but if we get like two
hours into the stream and you're two
starts hurting because you're screaming
is Phoenix right it's gonna make for a
bad stream and that's why the decision
was made to play some more Zelda which I
know rich is enjoying the crap out yeah
the ever-loving crap out of my tooth is
alright you know that's glowing well I
get anything if I go okay you can pray
rich it's working it's working I know I
have an appointment to get my tooth
fixed it's just not yet it's not fixed
yet so you know
are you wearing the green outfit
yeah well green outfit the one you get
from the smash brothers amiibo Oh since
while ID princess outfit yeah you have
to pay for the amiibo to get that in the
game you know there's a season pass you
know that yeah I know there's gonna be
some kind of content I think you know
they they can do it right you know okay
I say sure some more mini dungeons some
more maybe you know open up another area
than they have for something like that
could be fun now I can just walk through
there
oh shit those those guys oh we I don't
forget about those guys well hey never
fought one of those I'm assuming you
just blow up the the world of MIDI gosh
yeah I assume it's pretty similar to the
tanks but also you can just stay out of
their beam right and that is let's see
that's usually that's my plan Jack I can
do some great dental work on the cheap
for you I'm not formally trained but I
know my stuff I have a perfectly capable
dentist I am on the schedule to get my
route Rican Al's which I'm very excited
about what's this what's this just a log
by the way that's that's what the game
should be called bridge is what's this
what's this what's that it's it's an
open world where you might actually find
interesting things yeah I agree I agree
Zelda has drones that's true Zelda has
drones now though that takes place in a
poke of post-apocalyptic future where
the robots just kind of go and do their
own thing that's really accurate yeah
that is shockingly accurate for a Zelda
game it's great you know what it's a
great game I was I was just I was I was
playing a little Issac on my switch
today and I accidentally clicked on one
thing meat meat killing the wolf
yes I get me
so what why meet seven out of ten game
as per the almighty Jim sterling I think
that's a fair assessment I Italian up my
the the switch keeps track of your
playtime in hours which is great and I
have 65 hours of breath of the wild and
I've only played it for the review and
it I was just telling rich before we
started it felt like maybe 20 and it was
65 hours which which should give you a
good idea of all this stuff a and B a B
a and B Nintendo yeah why are they
fucking swish I hit the button which
naturally should be the button to make
your horse gallop only here it's the
jump off the horse button yeah the the
am B switch around is on it takes a
little bit to get used to and you never
really get used to it this is actually I
think a green horse rich just got this
green horse with a little the white
muzzle and I think it's a nice-looking
horse nice-looking horse
do I engage what do you got you got a
good weapon but you know the a button
like this has been a staple of Nintendo
console since forever it's how they'd
have the DS right now like it's just how
Nintendo does it Nintendo doesn't give a
fuck about conforming to modern
controllers they do their own thing I
desperately want a pink horse but I've
only seen one I have a pretty have a
pretty sweet white horse I was really
excited about it good stats really good
stats on that white horse and it's like
all white and so I was like yeah I know
oh you know are we go about to get in
some shit right here we're gonna we're
about to get into some deep shit
oh we're about to get into some shit
everyone last stream I I ran screaming
from one of these guys yes I remember
all right I push it away because I'm
always way too loud oh I know but you
seem to be
white whores yes I will I have a white
whore and also a white horse I found a
white horse in the game ooh a blue maned
oh and you can you can fry the fairies
but you don't actually cook them you
just like distill some of their fairy
juice okay you put you put a fairy in
the cooking pot and if the fairy flies
away but then you get like a fairy
potion off as your defense offense or
defense mmm
offense it's got to be offense right
kill it faster right kill it faster rich
kill it faster is the best defense it
can't hurt you if it's dead that's what
I say and agreed with whoever said that
fighting these guys fighting the
Lionel's is one of the greatest fights
is they are great they are great enemy
to fight
sorry epi Jam no Phoenix right tonight
for many reasons I want to make sure
Jack's tooth is like actually fixed yeah
yeah and Phoenix right involves a lot of
screaming on my part and we look at that
shield with like the two half-moons
yeah that's sweet shield I got that in
zora's domain oh nice come on you jerk
now that should have been our dodge my
timing is all off
I should have want the defense yeah
nice dodge nice dodge
captain blue yes we've come across a
great fairy fountains I don't know if
Richard found all who look at his she
got two of them you got two of them
oh he's got fire power he's got fire
power Ron rich this is a straight-up
Tuffy hmm all right all right
hey Prince isn't cutting it we're going
with defense that's now I'll try oh you
know what pair I got I got health up the
bud yeah we're okay
Negro head cuz you can you can only have
one stat upgrade at a time
so right now rich has three minutes of
attack up and if he chose to go defense
up he would lose all of that attack up
what you have to press it while you're
in slow mo F it's too slow you didn't
press it took me too long to switch
weapon yeah did you get did you get a
stasis upgrade yet yeah you can put him
in stasis
I could I could come on rich has a
strategy already
whoa damn you like what are you doing
I'm trying to get the the dodge rush
thing going working my timings off I had
it I headed down on the other Lionel's I
faced oh sure
also I want to get up if you get right
in the face yeah you get one you get to
mount him and attack him oh really
yeah but I can't get I can't get that
going on fuck I can you pet him and tame
him
no but I can I can jump on his back and
attack him I'd love it if you could ride
a Lionel like that just pet him enough
and that could be your horse I mean I
know that wasn't a super dodge but that
was a pretty nice dodge that was super -
get in there get in there kick his
fucking ass is is Zelda worth buying a
switch for has this been decided yet
it's it's a really good game I know both
rich and I really liked it and very much
recommend the game by getting the switch
is all up to you you know if you already
have a Wii U and
Oh what what
horseshit horseshit I got a minute of
attack you got a minute left of attack
you can get him that's the thing like I
miss mecha zero I'm with you if if you
are into mobile gaming if you travel a
lot if you fly a lot if you play a lot
of mobile games
I think the switch is worth it I think
it's great what if you don't necessarily
care about mobile gaming his his his
arrow is magic rich rich you have four
or five parts
is that it yeah that's it nicely done
any practice you know what you beat him
so nicely done
mighty lie no sword that's awesome and
horned fire arrows like guts nice great
mighty line old bow oh look at that
badass shield oh yeah I need to find
head Stu has to how many times have you
found him twice where's the third time I
don't care about spoilers like that
video did he already did he tell you
that he was heading home he does every
he did the first time and he did the
second time I have no reason to believe
will actually make it home I think I
found one I say the third time he's home
really cuz like the one time is on the
road and then the second time he's like
right by a horse stable right right yeah
the third time he's at home do you know
where home is
and what's in the forest which I don't
think I'm all that far away from can I
can I see your map for a second that's
other certainly it's on the other side
that's it over here the map you have not
yeah it's in here
oh no no it's in the great Hyrule forest
oh it's in here yeah okay I don't know
what's over there I forget there's you
so fucking much they're so fucking much
spoilers much welcome to this dream yeah
listen
spoiler heavy stream I'm sorry I really
want to play more fucking seldom and
this is what we're playing so we're very
sorry if if we're spoil anything but
okay where are we rich on the last
stream you asked if there were any good
World War 1 movies the answer is a
resounding yes Stanley Kubrick's
path of glory is on the short list of
the greatest war movies ever made okay
you know I'm Cooper fan I have not seen
that one
I got for first love that's tummy that's
the time I got it I got fairly low over
the place great then you're great I got
more fairies in the manhole jack that's
oh that's a that's a zing rich Evans
sinking ah ah ah
Jack: Crow_le_Raptor, says in the latest episodes of Best of the Worst, in the video room there is a clear Perspex glass box with what looks like a tiny kidney in it. What on earth is it? Is it possible it removes skeleton? It looks like a tin-, I know exactly what you're talking about.
Rich: Yeah. Should we...what should we do?
Jack: Show them...
Rich: There should be a prize.
Jack: What?
Rich: There should be a prize for guessing what it is.
Jack: No. I want to say Jay has answered this question before.
Rich: Does anybody, well, without saying anything else, is anybody in the chat getting it? If they don't, we set up a prize. We could drop a hint or two. Later on. We can tell the Twatcher to pick out any word, right?
Jack: Yeah.
Rich: Okay, I know exactly what word.
Jack: Yeah.
Rich: Oh. Somebody knows. Somebody knows.
Jack: Okay, uh...
Rich: So Jay has said it then? Jay's said that on Twitter?
Jack: Jay has answered on Twitter.
Rich: All right. All right. God...darn you. Jay.
Jack: Uh, it is an on-screen prop used in Gremlins 2. And hold on, I'll, I'll show, I'll bring it closer to the camera. So you guys can see. Excuse me. If I drop this, Jay is gonna be so pissed. Focus. This is what you're talking about. So it's like a little, I dunno if you guys can see. Oh, there you go. That's what they're talking about.
Rich: Thunderstorms.
Jack: Thunderstorms. Excuse me. Hey, everybody. So it is an on-screen prop...it is an on-screen prop used in Gremlins 2.
how is the soundtrack for breath of the
wild I don't like it it's terrible
it's beyond I don't like it it's it's
weak weak to non-existent it's super
weak what it sounds like to me is temp
music like a lot of it is just like
really blinky light piano and it sounds
like placeholder music someone says oh
yeah we want it to kind of sound like
this and then they never finished it
thinking thinking of Skyward Sword yeah
I will I will take a great game and
shitty sounding music over this
wonderful beautiful most orchestral most
greatest scores oh those ever had a blog
game you know yeah oh right it's not the
biggest deal but and I know it's like
especially not a big deal for Richard
generally doesn't like listen to the
games leather or listens to other stuff
while you play the games but for me I
you know good score can elevate
something and it's a really weak score
really weak
like every shrine you enter uses the
same music and you lose a sense of
uniqueness absolutely and the shrine
music in general is just like this kind
of droning ambient thing and then
there's this blinky weak piano music
it's all super weak that's that's one of
my biggest criticisms but like rich said
if if that's what your biggest criticism
is you should be you're fine still a
very good game Wow
there's only sometimes great yeah I mean
yeah sometimes you'll get that classic
Zelda theme but but sometimes now
hi Banga Doug why don't they kill your
horse why don't what kill our horse the
bad guys sometimes they do the horse is
close enough yeah they prioritize you
which makes a fair amount of sense but I
know I had one to go after my horse they
do right yeah how's the switch for
streaming so far like anything else you
know I plug it into the capture card and
it streams fine so it's just an HDMI out
so far it doesn't have that um you know
like the ps4 has a what do they call it
HDCP High Definition copyright
protection mm hm
that you need to enable if you want to
watch something like Netflix on ps4 but
you need to disable if you want to hook
it up to a capture card to stream with
so so far though the switch doesn't have
anything like Netflix or YouTube so they
don't need to worry about HD CP at the
moment how much money will you guys be
losing on youtube plays with these
streams I don't know we don't make that
much money off of youtube anyway what
live streams get what like a couple
thousand views each sure does it all
adds up and you know what we haven't we
haven't uploaded any of the switch
streams to YouTube yet so we don't know
how crazy Nintendo's being with
copyright claims
I know you for sure answer this before
but how do you do something like the 3ds
I actually got a special modded 3ds I
bought it and it costs it costs a lot of
extra money is a special modded 3ds that
actually has a oh my god what are you
doing putting on better armor I still
got my stealth stuff ah I'm a fruit cake
adjust your camera so I got a special
mounted 3d s that actually has a capture
card out and it's a special USB port
that you can plug in you have to use a
special special software program to
record footage from it but it's great
get out of the guy though get away force
I would any game company give a shit
about people playing their games on
Twitch Nintendo is a very old-school
company and they they they are adverse
to change so that's why Nintendo still
puts copyright claims YouTube footage
for games because they're they're out of
the loop they're out of the loop okay
let's see Humberto Cabbage Patch says
Dave Chappelle's Netflix specials were
fucking dope I like Dave Chappelle I
like him as a stand-up comedian I
believe they are dope to Power Rangers
looks like delicious flock I'm more and
more looking forward to seeing the Power
Rangers that's what I've heard it's just
it's just goofy and that's what it needs
to be three continue the XCOM run soon
eventually rich rich really wanted to
play Zelda he's in a Zelda kind of place
fuck Wow fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
none of that went well Oh none of that
went well
LT can't be I have not even had a chance
to play Orissa yet I've been I've been
editing the the Zelda previously
recorded and having a tiny mental
breakdown because of how bad it is so I
haven't even had a chance to play
overwatch overwatch as a new character
and and she was just rolled out today or
yesterday I forget what what did you say
was bad
the Zelda previously located we recorded
this l2 previously recorded and here's a
little here's a little sneak peek into
how we do things when we first started
the show rich and I would sit down and
make an outline well at first we didn't
at first we didn't and it went terrible
yeah it was hard it was hard to edit and
then one day you know I was like let's
let's have an outline first let's see
it's going a little battle plan before
we just start talking about something
and then we're all over the place
yeah so we started having an outline
mm-hmm so we started having an outline
and it worked out okay the the problem
with the outline like it works out great
in editing because you know we would
talk about all the things in their
correct chunks so it was a breeze to
edit the problem was a lot of times we
would make a comments while we were
writing the outline that was funny and
we'd get a good natural reaction from
the other person and then that natural
reaction wouldn't happen during the
actual shooting of the episode because
we already knew that joke was coming so
he said hey we've been doing this long
enough we don't need the outline anymore
because we kind of know how this goes
and it doesn't work all that well all
the time where the help that's crazy
horse like this crazy horse that's a
mountain horse are they're rich that's
what you got right there you got a
mountain horse
all right I'm probably better off going
from the sky jump off that cliff mm-hmm
maybe that's where I want to be so I'm
editing the Zelda breath of the wild
episode we didn't write an outline for
it rich and I are all over the place we
start a sentence five minutes into this
discussion we finished that thought 30
minutes later after talking about other
things it's a mess it's horrible to edit
and then as we're talking after we had
the discussion we missed so many things
we wanted to talk yeah yeah so many
things and we started compiling a list
and we said well okay how about we'll
just reshoot just for the things that we
missed ooh yep now pet him he did a good
job you killed the Fox reward his murder
rich reward his murder
and then eventually editing it was so
stressful for me rich I had a really
good idea and just like let's just
refute the whole fucking thing yeah
let's just reshoot the whole fucking
thing now pet your horse cuz he killed
it again
reward him for murder and so that's what
we're gonna do tomorrow we're gonna
reshoot the whole fucking episode we're
gonna write an outline and we're gonna
save Jack a bunch of stress and I'm
really happy about them I'm very very
excited about that
absolutely what time tomorrow are you
free for that earlier the better all
right that's fine so I'm fine with that
okay earlier the better I don't know if
I can get you to roll out at like noon
ish okay we do like maybe noon in 30 our
new 33rd gave me a little bit of
breathing room my lazy my lazy ass I
know I know you have a drastically
different schedule than I do
oh yes reward his murder rich him some
love I did he how there there you go
every time you kill something I usually
you can only reward them at very
specific time I think killing stuff
stresses them out it's like battling to
them oh yeah and so then you know you
have to make sure to pet him afterwards
to reward is that doing damage to the
horse I don't wanna I don't want the
horse to die know it there's no damage
to the horse who's that another winel oh
my god are you ready for another line
I'll fight already are you ready for
another one I think could be I'll have
to farm some resources after this shit
sure hold on I'll be right back I need
to water you keep playing yeah I'm gonna
quietly play I'm sorry I'm just too into
this
by the way you can even you can feed
your horse
got a butterfly scent all right get that
butterfly if we got a butterfly are you
summer wing I got one of you what if we
oh shit fire back yeah coupons rich hey
go there you go hey everyone hey I'm
back
I got a water I feel pretty good about
that did rich do the maze yet no it's uh
it's it's opened up on your map I see I
know where it is I just haven't done it
yet ever that was a great that was one
of one of those great see it in the
distance kind of moments for me that was
before I had unlocked the map oh yeah
and I I tried to do the map first when I
get to an area oh sure
like I just I was mountain climbing and
i-i-i i stumbled upon the maze and it
was one of those holy shit moments
there's a maze out in the distance no
curb you're skyrim i have not played
anymore horizon zero dawn since the
review mostly because I've been busy
editing I was mostly busy as editing and
and I was neglecting you know what I was
neglecting rich I was neglecting my
input which is more important than I
think people realize your input my input
when when you are a content creator huh
you're you're constantly dealing with
output right okay okay we make stuff
right we're editing stuff and I was
neglecting my input I was uh like I was
behind on a bunch of shows I wanted to
watch a bunch of games I want to play I
wasn't feeding my embraced I wasn't
feeding the beast and so I think that's
where a lot of the editing stress came
from too because like I don't like how
this is and everything I make is garbage
and it all sucks so after we talked
today I just spent the whole day like
watching shows and it was
rain and it was great how did I get the
classic link armor on amiibo the Smash
Brothers link amiibo here's the thing
the first time you use it you get
opponent oh ok the second time you get
it you have a random chance to get one
piece of the outfit
so you had to win the lottery three
times I essentially cheated I used I
saved
I used the amiibo if I didn't get what I
wanted if I didn't get either the the
Hat the sure the tunic or the pants I
just reloaded the same then I scanned
the amiibo and then if I got like I got
like the Hat right yeah so then I would
save the game move the switch clock
ahead of day because you can only use it
once per 24 hours or you bastard I know
this is the way they did that was
bullshit yeah yeah so I didn't really
care agreed what did I watch I was
catching up on the flash today I was I'm
like four episodes behind in all of my
CW garbage shows Oh flame blade flame
blade I said I've watched a bunch of the
flash last night Lisa and I were binging
on iron fists iron face is getting a bad
rap yeah yeah it's getting a real bad
rap people do not like iron fist and
it's it's it's bad there are elements of
it that are bad but it's not the worst
the actor who plays Danny Rand has quite
possibly the ugliest beard ever and
you're looking at his dumb face the
whole show and I hate looking at his
dumb dumb face I've got so much
electricity
I got so much I got so much elemental I
mean that electricity yeah that's good
elementals good but it's not it's not
the worst Iron Fist
some some interesting characters none of
none of whom none of which are Iron Fist
Iron Fist is not a very interesting
character but the people he around am i
interesting characters mm-hmm
and it's it's an all right show I kind
of stayed away from reviews of it and
Lisa had seen some reviews in that she
she said hey so have you heard what
people are saying about this I said no
so it must be really good or really bad
she's like oh then I won't tell you I
said oh okay so it just means it's
really bad yeah but it's not the real
problem is the first two episodes are
legitimately boring achingly boring it's
shot really flat and stale the way it's
edited it seems like they left an extra
half a second after everyone's line so
someone will finish a line then I'll cut
someone will say they're lying they'll
finish their line then cut it's it's all
very boring it's all very boring the
first two episodes after that it picks
up a little bit and we stand any finally
trims is damn ugly beard but so it
doesn't look very interesting the the
dialogue is pretty cheesy it's it's
edited very poorly but it's alright it's
alright if you can get past those first
two episodes it's a fine show and more
importantly if you've watched all of the
other Marvel shows you can't you kind of
have to watch this one because then the
did you got two defenders next you want
to know what's going on with the
defenders do I
I
do I want to know what's going on with
the defenders are you gonna watch the
defenders I know my a might I saw that
up before I watch the defenders I still
got a finished season two of daredevil
oh yeah you do my free time is going to
this yeah that's and that's fair it
that's absolutely fair I don't have to
know you don't have to watch it I'm
saying if you're planning on watching
defenders anyway
you you should watch this just so you
know what's going on
we're know your parts they get to click
on Doctor Doom it up I just watched
episode four and five I thought one
through three were pretty boring and I
almost gave up before and five were
really good yeah and that's what it is
I think episode in a perfect world we
can get a fan edit of episode one and
two and cut it down to one episode like
that's how much filler there is in the
first two episodes is you can easily
convince that into one episode ah for
your bed it gets extra points for using
a run the jewel song during a fight
scene so that was pretty awesome during
a build-up to a fight scene so so you
know it's got to be good right
fire is incredibly strong and in this
elder universe but yeah it is I agree I
agree
almost cuz I gave him the carrot he's
got the extra stamina that's nice that's
nice
every thing I want here the fight scenes
look like they're in slow motion they're
so bad and no they're not so bad they're
not the worst much better than anything
that came out of Luke Cage I'll tell you
what oh we got an ancient gear nice yeah
that was our important oh fuck those are
important you need those need those
gears yeah I'm interested in watching
the ghost in the shell' film I mean I'm
interested I am a big fan of the old
anime so we'll see how it it's more
curiosity like I don't think it's going
to be good or bad
I'm just really curious almost like like
with that then Beauty and the Beast
remake we're just like what's the point
we already have something that's good
why are they making a ghost in the
shell' remake we already have something
at nighttime in this area is so
obnoxious lot of skeletons everything
about the ghost in the shell' film
screams bad it could high-street CEO it
could be bad but we'll see I'm really
interested on how they handle a couple a
couple scenes and I'll be seeing it I
will be seeing it let's see here sorry
chin says a bit bummed about Phoenix
right but it's okay I hope you feel
better Jack is the appointment before
this Sunday no it's nice next week but
question is well you know you gotta heal
after we're oh yeah getting major dental
work here's what I'll say like right now
like I chewed some gum because I just
had an energy drink and I didn't want to
sit next to rich with energy drink
breath just after chewing some gum I
know but I'm trying to be courteous okay
okay after chewing some gum my tooth is
a little sensitive it doesn't hurt but I
can feel it you know
if I can go all through the week Oh
what's on the tree there beetle beetle
nice I know my nice if I can go all week
without any pain we might be able to do
Phoenix for it on Sunday okay so so
maybe oh also rich have you seen gotten
the giant black again and horse yet it's
huge now you can get a giant I've I have
been taking my sweet-ass time I think
with this go about this I I've been
looking forward to this I didn't want to
I got a plate as quickly as I can so I
can do a review and I was like this is
my vacation her this is my this is this
is something to say this is something to
savor
oh no but you still got plenty of hours
in before our discussion yeah no yeah
yeah no I've been I've been exploring
like a motherfucker and like that's the
fantastic thing about this game is like
look at how much map you have yet to
discover yeah but I mean I've been like
all these notes I've been leaving and
where that's kind of stuff I've been
doing
oh sure but I think it's great like how
much is left for you yeah we'll check
your hour mark once we're done here just
to see how it's amazing it's a great
game great game really recommended
overall he's one of the spear Lionel's
I hate those I might not bother I'm not
going to no way to turn around what's in
the distance there that's oh you're
right lower higher oh you know what I
thought I saw a bridge I thought I saw a
bridge that's like oh look at that
bridge over there you show people the
the the maze in the distance thing is
awesome that thing is awesome and creepy
I loved it I gotta figure out how to get
in look at that thing
just a big creepy maze said a main story
thing or is there just like a shrine in
there
here's the fun thing it is not a main
story thing good
all right then I'll do them there's just
yeah we'll do that there's just shit
everywhere it's beautiful
where do you want to go I don't know oh
the fuck is this oh uh it's a hole and
there's gotta be something you could put
in a hole nearby here red that's how
this works
maybe that's how this works have you
have you done goron golf yet not goron
golf no I've done knocked the thing in
the hole to find the cork so there is a
somewhere else in here you can actually
run into a golf course like it's a
little bolder and a little golf course
and you have to hit the boulder into the
hole so this might be like a second golf
course after you defeat the first golf
course cuz I don't see any wrong way
that's what's what's that Palace it's
just a pile of rocks there's not like a
yeah could be a rock monster anything
could be a rock monster rich I want to
fight that guy and I don't then don't to
be fun
it could be you get to choose rich then
my horse has been hit a few times I
don't want to risk my horse dying sure
sure
TC 209 yeah I believe that
how big is the world in breadth of the
wild compared to other open world games
well define big as big as big just
physical size or is it is density a
factor both this is all I mean this is
it's huge
I'm trying to compare it to like san
andreas might be bigger san andreas
might be bigger but there's this has
more stuff to do yes and if we were to
compare this to horizon zero dawn I want
to say that this map is bigger than
horizon zero dawn both have about equal
stuff to do but the stuff in Zelda is
more varied I I wasn't finding the
interesting discoveries in zero Dom like
I am in this that's what that's what I'm
saying about more yeah yeah bricen zero
dawn had kind of cookie cutter things on
all their maps a far cry a Blood Dragon
the Mad Max get like you you be soft
style open-world games lots of it yeah
but every section you know what you're
gonna find so it feel small right every
every areas got the the the tower that
located everything and you got the the
one the base you gotta clear the base
and then you got to knock down the all
of the signpost it feels like there's
more actual unique things you find here
yes agree I agree where did I get my
armor which armor are you talking about
I've changed outfits a lot what I'm
wearing now in this game this shirt and
that bandana they came from dungeons
I don't remember specifically which yeah
this is the climbing set where if you
were if you were or I don't know you're
not wearing the climb I don't have pants
you don't have to climb I have planted
pants I haven't found that one because
here's the thing also there are set
bonus yes if you could define the
climbing pants and where the full
climbing outfit you rack up that no if
you level up if you upgrade your armor
you have a I've read it twice before the
any bonuses kick in yeah great but it's
great I've got the swimming bonuses oh
okay that's important because you swim
slow a slow
I'm debating whether or not I want to
find that Lionel figure it out man
figure it the fuck out what's in it for
me jack what's in it for me if you if
you fight the Lionel you get more
weapons
I get what already I get whatever's up
that hill most likely right it's been a
while since I've had a Blood Moon I
don't want to fight him and then like
the next night I get a blood biller
that's all undone
sure just roll past him and see what's
up that he'll you don't need to fight
him you can just sprint past them good
always helpful what if they're sendin a
tree okay big-ass tree in the middle of
all the little trees let's see here no
no there's nothing in the street no
you've just you've just misled me look
it's a big tree in the center of a bunch
of little trees that is a fair
assumption rich hey rich yes says daikon
Jen I think you should watch chicken run
it's an anime that will change your mind
about Chinese cartoons
lol to be my booty chicken isn't an
anime and it's not Chinese isn't chicken
run claymation it's made by the Wallace
and problem yeah it's British yeah yeah
I unless there is a chicken run anime we
might know different things anonymous
says do you think they will make a
gremlins 3 they well everything gets
rebooted all the time
no questions yeah so probably yes
probably at some point yes John Glover
is 72 now and make would make a great
president Daniel clamp yeah yeah we
talked about that the well you weren't
there the commentary for something or
other and one of the gremlins with a
groans one okay
we're joking around about gremlins three
where they take over like Washington
like and then you get back that actor
who was clamp as like Trump you know job
as president
him as president he's gonna build a
gremlin wall perfect you gotta look at
all the gremlins incumbrance in Congress
like voting on stuff charts in the
background like the deficit just and
then you know what they balance the baby
great that'd be great
let's see here hey Jack have you heard
of make the cut editing contest from
Adobe I guess you're supposed to edit a
music video for imagine dragons the
prize is 25,000 I have not also is rich
excited for Red Dead I need to know more
about it just cuz they're making a
sequel of something doesn't mean it's
gonna be a good sequel of something sure
I'm sure there's gonna be a prequel or
new characters fine questions oh fuck it
he's he saw me fuck it no idea I wasn't
stolen I'm trying right fuck it
those magic arrows are totally bullshit
no that's fine he but he was like he was
facing the other direction and hey-ya
arrow curved back and hit you come on
come on I say I don't know the timing on
that at all sure dodge by oh he's got
different fire oh you know his fires are
creating updrafts you could jump up with
your paraglider and then slow-mo
headshot
let's see here captain blue 42 says the
biggest problem I've heard for breath of
the wild is that the voice acting is
bland everything fuck that there are so
little voice acting it really does not
matter I will be I'll be really honest
with you the the what everything brakes
too quickly I think that's true I think
that's incredibly true I think
everything breaks way too quickly too
quickly yes I don't mind the braking so
much and I hate the braking I hate all
the braking hey you know what you know
what are the sent advises exploring it's
now finding new weapons is exciting
exploring is enough incentive in itself
and I don't necessarily need I don't
need an incentive I just want to explore
as is let's see here lack of variety in
shrines and enemies now I think those
shrines have a ton of variety I don't
know what you're talking about there
what is the timing I I really enjoyed
the shrines they the shrines are are an
amazing way to do dungeons just to have
mini dungeons
drive just not working for me Jack you
are not in the updraft sea
there you go fat lot of good it did me
well I'm trying to just give me some
options right that's all I'm trying to
give you some options
I love these fights they're great these
are the best thing in the game yeah
they're great fights the the random boss
fights are great
no I I really enjoyed the variety of the
shrines they were you know there were
fun little puzzles everyone and you know
what none of them that you know they're
all tiny dungeons and so it's like it's
just one little puzzle here then you go
back to exploring and then one little
dungeon then you go back to exploring
it's I enjoyed how they did the shrines
in this game what was your other
thoughts lack of rioting enemies maybe
maybe not
I get I could if someone said that I
could see that as a valid argument all
right now I got my I got my arrow groove
back on all right well this fights going
much better oh yeah you have you re up
to your help once yet no no I'm still on
the same yeah I think by this time in
the other one you were on like yeah I
was I was rusty yeah any opinion on the
divine beasts I like the one I've seen
it's it's fine I I think the the like
these this fight right here is an
amazing fight as you can see this is a
rich a second line will fight tonight
and they're super fun and interesting
and you feel it feels like really
satisfying combat the the boss fights at
the end of the divine beasts I thought
were incredibly weak disappointingly
weak even compared to just like a normal
bow bobland fight you know
nice read that's how you do it nice one
that was a fine fight yes the main plot
bosses are a letdown but stuff like that
like that fight is great the random
bosses that you find just walking around
or fantastic
just facing normal lizards and Bo Bob
ones are great bud and and in general
the divine beasts stick got old after a
while for me not the worst the rest of
the game more than makes up for it more
than mighty Lionel spear mighty ceratin
says tips in a tip give your horse some
apples to reach match max bond much
faster max bond is permanent so it
doesn't freak out anymore yeah I gave
them I've been give them some carrots
what you been petting them where is it
okay wait wait a horse go I want to be
mobile yeah I'm gonna be I'm gonna be
I'm gonna be on the ground no no no I'm
trying to I'm gonna try to catch the bug
count you I want to catch the bug I love
it I love it you just want to catch bugs
it's game so fucking good Sam bird like
a crow that is a mountain crow range a
mountain crow
is that like max affinity do you get a
perk when when your horse loves you to
the max it listens to you your horse
does random ass shit when you're on it
yeah it went like if you just jump on a
wild horse and you know like it lets you
ride it after you pet it a bunch
sometimes it'll just decide to turn left
even though you didn't tell it to turn
left when you read when it reaches max
bond not only will it listen to whatever
you say but it will also auto stay on
path you don't need me to steer it if
you're on a road it will followed the
road automatically which is really great
for when you're like just looking around
for random shit and on the road your
horse starts off not liking you yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah because I missed the
stream and can't wait until it's on
YouTube what did you guys think of Nier
automata I didn't actually play it jack
is the only one who was plighted I have
and I thought it was alright I was the
only disappointing part is as we got
later on it was revealed to us that the
game is more of a kind of an open-world
II game and I was hoping for more of a
straightforward ah dammit that's a lot
of fucking gourmet prime meat the left
I'm sorry I am too and as rich and I
were discussing during that stream with
with this and with horizon zero dawn
before this I'm personally a little
burnt out on open-world games and I
don't think I have room in my heart or
head for another world you know right
right now it's it's it feels like a game
that I will really enjoy later on
because I enjoyed the combat the combat
was a lot of fun but I don't have enough
room in my heart for another world
okay this is there's a quest thing
that's gonna happen here then for the
blue flame it's probably a good thing
that I killed those Lionel's these guys
- bullshit
right oh it's raining rich Oh
and bloodmoon right that's what's gonna
happen
of course oh that was a headshot
I was so a headshot hey goofy little
head that hit him is goofy little head
hey our Miller welcome welcome welcome
also crow crow ler Raptor if if you do
miss our streams and can't wait until
YouTube all of them are archived
immediately when we're done streaming on
our twitch channel so if you would if if
that is possible for you and then you
can actually it saves all of the chat to
and so if you're the kind of person that
likes to read the chat while we play if
you watch our past broadcasts on twitch
you can see all of the chat as well
which is a really neat feature I think
all right well you're going first then
well yeah what a dick in do you have a
problem where when you hit right on the
d-pad sometimes it activates up know the
states that have never happened maybe
it's just the pro controller that
happens all the fucking time
I use the pro controller really yeah I
think it's just your thumbs man
yeah whoo-hoo our words are immortal
that's true
your words are immortal they are saved
they're saved forever on our past
broadcasts even the highlights II like
when I highlight something on Twitch
it saves the chat for that highlight -
oh that was I'm still wearing the
stealth outfit with shitty defense oh
that's why the trousers and twilight's
that's what those fans are called yep
the trout's I love it I love it I love
that let's see here hey guys is Cameron
Mitchell ever played the flash game
adaptation of bad movie masterpiece
their room would make a great J scream
thanks for all the fun and don't forget
to close that fucking door you know what
I didn't realize that after seeing the
Cameron Mitchell flow chart in the
slightest best of the worst yeah I
didn't realize that terror in Beverly
Hills was the latest yeah Cameron
Mitchell movie I thought that would it
would have been one of the earliest
because he seemed to be most sober
shocking shocking that's great that's
great came in Mitchell oh all right
let's find the guy in act shit how do
you want to know where to take then I'm
gonna kill these guys now I've talked to
them the person first I don't want to do
the thing I need to do and then have it
be invalidated because the quest wasn't
officially started yeah ultimately yes
hopefully everyone is enjoying all of
the noclip documentaries those are
fantastic
I'm loving the work they're doing that
they eat tells great stories great
stories about game development he just
did one on actually he just did a really
great one on discovery in game
talking with you know the guy that did
frog fractions and talking with Derek
woohoo did spelunky and just why we love
to make up stories in games and you know
like discover stuff great great series
of documentaries about games and game
makers they have a series on rocket
League there's a series on the new doom
they have an interview with who's the do
get doing guy not Carmack John Carmack
and John Romero John Romero he has an
interview with John Romero talking about
old doom days great stuff noclip highly
highly recommend I want to say his name
is Danny O'Boyle
one of the head artists on breath of the
wild stated that Lynx hat wasn't overtly
featured because it looked too silly on
current-gen hardware I beg to differ
it looks great that's that's the dumbest
thing I've ever heard I love that hood
in Cape i I never took off that hood and
Cape except for when I was climbing the
the elf hats weird no it's fine you know
it's fine it's weird out that you're
weird yes yes I am look at this what do
you got this rocks that's gonna be gold
or something
oh sure fire because you blew it up I
don't have a hammer
sure but you could hit it with your
spear it would crack your spear pretty
quickly but a crack a spear then it
wasn't then it was then you wouldn't
lose him
it's fine I'll find more let's see here
TC Brady 133 says have not been at a
stream in a while due to work and other
bullshit Oh hope you hope you are all
well
Dom DeLuise has never played racquetball
that's probably a statement you can make
with a fair amount of confidence yes
absolutely
Darth TM says this tip is for Jack's
fake teeth Fund eventually yes I have
horrible teeth what is Zack Snyder what
is Zack Snyder is really Lex Luthor and
his film is intentionally bad to tarnish
Superman's reputation and destroy
superheroes sure we've talked about this
many times AK Snyder has said in
interviews that he doesn't like Superman
as a character that's the man I want
it's insane that he was given that
franchise
in same captain blue 42 says sorry I
should be more specific the criticism
I've heard was lack of visual variety in
the shrines and dungeons yeah well
they're good standards prettiest
dungeons they look exactly the same
yes that's fair you know what I wouldn't
even say variety I would say it's just
an ugly design they went with it yeah
it's flat it's yes interesting but also
like most of them are short enough where
it doesn't really matter but I can see
that as a really fair criticism
absolutely absolutely there they look
Sammy
oh hello Carla Samuel see Bannister says
Superman is one of my favorite
superheroes and that just makes me sick
you need someone who understands that
Superman it's all about pure good I I
couldn't agree more and like like I said
that's that it was Zack Snyder's goal to
like change how Superman or color stand
gonna be oh good we're safe is that a
Halfmoon too you probably have so you
probably have another day another day or
two
another day or two dr. Newman up says
since Star Trek is supposed to take
place in a future version of our society
and culture does that mean that Star
Wars exists in it as some kind of 300
year old is grim tight fairy but nobody
talks about it because it's 300 years
old and people have moved on plus yeah
well like it's like I was talking about
last stream with like science fiction in
the future once once you're actually in
space and you know aliens our science
fiction goes out the window is archaic
and silly instantly instantly like if
you are travelling in a spaceship you're
not gonna want to watch a movie about
them traveling in a spaceship but that
is completely wrong is completely wrong
in all technical levels it's it's it's
amusing and silly in the way that
washing metropolis is you ever seen the
silent movie metropolis of course we're
in the future people fly around biplanes
around the city yes it's like that yeah
agreed
oh they were so wrong ohh this is so
quaint yes that's that's how they would
look upon Star Wars by this time Star
Trek happens they've all realized no one
gives a shit about Star Wars pretty much
once we are going in space we're not
really gonna care about space fantasy
too much like maybe in the beginning
days and that when not everyone can go
out into space and then people Ike oh I
want to be like those guys and got in
his face but as soon as everyone's out
in space we're not gonna care Chet how
is this a rich I hate everything Evans
moment in what way
I have expressed hate towards nothing no
you you I thought this was some lovely
insight on future sci-fi yeah fine you
know what this is fine rich don't listen
to him Tomei tone ed have you guys
noticed that horses eventually become
useless and breath of the wild
eventually you have enough shrines to
teleport anywhere or you need to explore
mountain areas they can't climb horses
are there there's enough stuff on the
road I think I have to take my clothes
off for the doctor
I'm sorry what I had to take my clothes
off for the doctors I'm pretty sure
what's going on just told you to take
all your clothes off it says if I could
see the wounds your body sustained a
hundred years ago I would believe who
you are don't reach that's the bad touch
don't fall for that lie go find anything
I think this is the solution go find an
adult or a police on a dull tat you know
rich no yeah he's not supposed to touch
you like that yes I acknowledge you as
the real link hmm as to your point about
horses becoming useless yes and no yeah
there but it's not a horse centric game
they're they're useful in two areas well
and like I said there's enough stuff on
the roads where even if you're exploring
the mountains you eventually want to go
back and run the roads because there's
shit there hmm
oh that's why I missed I missed so much
stuff during my first 15 hours because I
was only climbing everywhere I didn't
even I love him
I didn't even run in for the guy that
can expand my backpack because I wasn't
on the main roads I was climbing so you
should go on the main roads a little bit
well I asked about the thing in the
glass case and best doors from no one
answered oh well we yet we already
answered the thing in the glass case the
thing in the glass case in best of the
worst is a on screen prop from gremlins
- you might you must have missed it we
talked about it earlier I pull it put it
up to the camera earlier it's a it's a
tiny little gremlins prop that was used
on-screen during gremlins 2 and it's on
the shelf now everyone is obsessed with
that I know everyone is obsessed with it
this is weird there's a little green
it's like a bumpy goopy looking thing
why do you have a shot in a glass case
on the shelf in your class class
the prompt store certificate of
authenticity is what's behind it yes
because it looks like poo yeah it does
it looks like a tiny green poop that you
have displayed for the world look at
this green poop it came out of me
getting a little handsy there doc why
don't you take a step back or let me put
my pants back on either way either way
oh I know I've seen that epic Jason so
many old movies are coming to Blu right
now it's it's both a good and a terrible
thing that's just wasted blu-ray these
old shitty movies are all going to be
gloriously restored to blu-ray quality
so you can see every flaw that was one
of the funniest things what was the one
we watched that was on Bloor Oh ninja 3
remember ninja 3 the domination yes
seeing that on blu-ray was a joke
with crystal-clear clarity the string
that's holding up the sword that's great
well it's great it was fun for us he
likes bad movies but it's it's great
what I'm hoping for is I what what
happened to DVDs and blu-rays what
happened to all of the featurettes that
was one of the Billy begging biggest
selling points of early DVDs was
commentary behind the scenes yes
outtakes all this extra shit that you
get with your movie yes and no one is
making them anymore and and yet they're
competing with digital and they're
they're throwing out like one of the
advantages they have because digital
usually doesn't have that kind of stuff
exactly
I love commentary tracks and commentary
tracks are becoming less and less of a
standard thing people got cheap like
always yeah you're probably right alt
amazing
I would I would love for you know
something like especially with these
older movies like a tiny little like a
tiny little feature at about you know
how this movie was made why it bombed
you know the cult following it might
have it's just tiny little dock I love
all that stuff let's see here L a HD
says hey guys
are there any fellow youtubers that you
enjoy or watch and that you'd like to
work with our LM fellow youtubers praise
you by the way ie screen junkies
so anyone specifically would like to
give a shout out to I watch it noclip
like I talked about that guy all the
time those fucking documentaries are
great I I subscribe to a bunch of
YouTube channels that I really enjoy
Captain disillusion I've talked about
before he's really funny it's fun to
watch oh that Jenny lady I like her
videos I know I don't watch many people
who have anything to do with like movies
though sure yeah trying to stay away
from that but Midnight's and you should
see some of their videos here and there
okay
what's a new comic book girl 19 she's
nice but the most part it's not what I'm
watching so as far as working with
people you know I wouldn't be against it
but I'm not there's nobody I'm all I
really need to work with the third I
don't know oh right the 8-bit guy he's
great too I love his videos the eighth I
think I think the 8-bit guys is who I'm
if he does these videos on old
technology like he'll just explain how a
Commodore 64 rendered video you know
like it's the tech behind old hardware
not necessarily about like the games
themselves I think that's the aim that
guy he's great he's great
I'm trying to think I'm just trying to
think of other ones like the the the the
real problem is were not located where
these other people are located if we
were doing this out of California out of
Los Angeles
that's when doing crossover shows can
become a reality because that's where
everyone lives yeah they'd be really
easy and we'd get that synergy but the
us going out somewhere or bringing other
people in is a logistical nightmare but
you can put pants on now and you know
you don't know I lots people in your on
where did I see that guy what movie I
didn't know okay
I thought Milwaukee was a YouTube haven
I don't believe so
I don't believe so oh yeah oh yeah like
I said I still subscribe to corridor
digital a lot and their second Sam and
Nico channel cuz that's a lot of behind
the scenes stuff unfortunately like for
them they've they've hit that level now
where corridor digital kind of used to
be on a on a smaller scale but they've
hit such a notoriety level now that a
lot of their videos are are just them
saying hey we got 28 new GoPro cameras
today because GoPros the sponsor of the
show let's see what weird stuff we can
do with GoPro cameras and so like
they've hit a level where they're no
longer relatable to me because they have
a giant production crew now and I get
all this free equipment and they have a
lot of fun with it which is great but I
like the simplest stuff mmm
I like the simplest stuff I've seen very
little AVGN very little I have nothing
against AVGN yeah but his shtick got old
for me that's for me I I think I saw one
maybe two videos of his and yeah I
didn't it wasn't my thing it wasn't my
thing
Omo yo ho that's right the Gregory
Brothers and I you subscribe to
schmoyoho he does the song fi the news
that guy - what that you know the the
intro to the unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt
yeah the guy who they ape that intro
style off on the schmoyoho okay he did
all of you like songified the news song
fi this song yeah yeah yeah I like him
then that's the Gregory Brothers
auto-tuned news yeah he's great they are
great it's more than one guy they are
fantastic
who else do I subscribe to scishow your
marsai shows i show ya know what's
scishow one of the one of the brothers
names the vlogbrothers well it's one of
them okay just science news okay
i like the subject matter of vsauce
something about this boldface he looks
so smug
he looks so fucking smug i want to punch
him it's not just that he's bald just
something about hit the way he presents
himself he just seems like such a smug
son of a bitch and he has a very weird
style where he's probably very nice and
person i don't know him the way he kind
of goes from one topic to the other i i
used to subscribe to him i stopped after
a while yeah-oh tested adam do you want
that Adam everyone else other than Adam
Savage I also want to punch in the face
what's her name she did the shitty robot
girl
Simone Y it's where she makes shitty
robots do you know that 100 she like she
just comes up with silly robot ideas
like like a robot to wipe your butt okay
okay like it's just like a robot that
automatically wipes your button to do it
fails spectacularly and hilariously
Simone he it's I think her name is Oh
Linus tech tips do you watch him like it
is a bunch of community staff - tech
tips I subscribe to us by the way well I
hope so I'm just going to I'm going
through my subscription feed and
previously recorded came up so shut up
sit down I've talked about them a lot
everybody likes shut up and sit down
let's see here
Oh movie Bob I like movie Bob he does a
lot of he does a lot of interesting like
look back at old comic book characters
look back at old movies I enjoy what he
does I like that movie Bob else we got
here oh I do subscribe to you know what
I never watch his stuff I should
unsubscribe to him I subscribed to max
landis yeah and I never watched his
videos I feel I feel really terrible I
never ever watch his videos yep
I'm subscribed to him though I should
unsubscribe that might be it Oh extra
credits do you sometimes regret it sound
like there's yeah hey there all right
I really enjoy the content of extra
credits I hate the way that he had like
pitched his voice to sound higher I wish
she would just talk normal
I hear you know he does that things that
makes him like sound like a theater or
whatever and I fucking hate it I wish he
would just what about game theory game
theory yeah take some kind of theory
about something in a video game and he
uses that as a springboard to talk about
like real world science didn't you go to
youtube read I don't know I binge watch
so I lose track of shit oh sure
i-i've seen a couple of his episodes and
like it's fine I might have been a
subscriber of his and then and then he
went I thought he went YouTube red so
then I think I am sure I don't it's been
I'm out I'm not subscribed to them at
the moment
okay but I subscribe to a lot of stuff I
like I like that stuff subscribe to a
lot of different stuff
aren't you wearing a see oh that's right
CGP grey of course I love CGP grey he
doesn't put out the videos like he used
to he's all he's all about the podcasts
now I want to say he has like four
podcasts going he puts out a video every
once in a while but yeah I love CGP grey
great stuff are you
back back when I had more time to listen
to podcast I would listen to him and
Brady the the numberphile guy that's one
I'm subdued number phone number phone
yeah computer file - I'm also subscribe
to were they going to like the the tech
of older computers yeah but no no CG
Precure he is not dead he's just he's
just all about the podcast
so yeah yeah but you know what a bunch
of different stuff that's the great
thing that's the great thing let's see
anonymous says video game dunkey is an r
LM fan and into games and movies and
located in Madison he could be worth a
look a lot of the channels I subscribe
to don't do the things that we do that's
and I think that's the problem is like I
don't like I I enjoy like people who
talk about the technical side of stuff
or get like more in depth with the
creator's I don't want to like you know
rich and I have a show where we have a
conversation about a specific video game
I don't necessarily want to watch
someone else have a conversation about a
video game because I don't want it to
cloud what I'm going to say on the show
I don't want to watch someone else talk
about a movie before I see it because I
don't want it to cloud what I'm gonna
think of it that's why you know we
talked about that with Mystery Science
Theater you know with with older movies
and stuff so I don't you guys are
mentioning a lot of people I don't know
who any of these people are I've never
heard of a dunkey a video game Duncan I
don't know who dunkey is
let's see here riot crew says hey guys I
have been enjoying new shows such as the
expanse
however the depressing future portrayed
bums me out do you think a future can
look forward to do you think a future we
can look forward to is an unrealistic TV
premise now wait wait what was the first
part that what is the unrealistic TV
premise well I'm enjoying new shows such
as the expanse however the depressing
future portrayed bums me out the expanse
oh I haven't seen the expanse so I don't
know what the depressing future is the
basic set up and this isn't spoiling
anything yeah is there's Mars there's
Earth yeah and there's people who live
in the belt oh this show that rips off
zone of the enders plot where there's
like political tensions between Earth
and Mars and the belt it's ripping off
soda the end result most like beat for
beat it's based off of a book and I
don't know when the book came out yeah
yeah distance with a lack of
instantaneous communication is gonna
lead to a gulf and culture yep and
that's the idea that's inevitable so you
know it's unless you can get
instantaneous communication working the
whole the whole show you know is kind of
about these riffs and culture and more
importantly like the exploitation of
labor
it's a it's a fun show but yes a bit of
a depressing future so do you think a
future we can look forward to is an
unrealistic TV premise now it's if a a
utopian future can work in sci-fi I love
Star Trek but remember that generally
when you're watching a show you need
some drama dystopian is a really easy
way to get conflicts utopia is usually
united under one government right just
utopia is just things are generally okay
in humanity and theory is going to keep
expanding that's the nature we got more
people Haley new colonies new world we
spread out that's just nature right
that's just that's just frickin nature
of nature we're gonna go we're gonna go
until we die can you see what you know
earth one planet earth being united
under one
one government that would be that would
be pretty unlikely then you get like
unlikely like ever ever we have the
entire expanse of time until the heat
death of the universe to work with or at
least until the Sun swallows the earth
whole in a few billion years okay ever I
see people I thought you were talking
foreseeable future
one one United government I don't know
see I said tough question man and a long
enough time scale I could see that but
then once you start adding in colonies
because you know once once humanity's
spread out over a million different star
systems is that is that realistic is
that conceivable the you know the like
already just looking at America there's
already like there's this big debate
about the federal government that rules
over any everything and the state
governments right and America is pretty
large but like we're already having a
hard time just dealing with that so now
imagine the the planetary government
every country has a federal government
states have their own shit cities have
their and it's going to add a shit ton
more bureaucracy and we're having a hard
time dealing with a bureaucracy we have
right now I'm not saying it's never
going to happen just it's hard for me to
envision you know you know what would
end on what would end o or even if we
didn't get along but but at least end
war yeah
replicators absolutely if you could just
press a button and you had you don't
have to you don't have to war with
somebody else over over like oil fields
or or you need unlimited resources and I
don't think that's ever gonna happen cuz
I guess even if you got the replicator
you need the energy from somewhere I
guess you get me started building a
shitload of dyson sphere's the the the
idea though of like even if it's simple
replicators like even if we could manage
to like make sure that everyone on the
planet had enough food to
that would cut down a lot of water right
everybody nobody's gonna starve to death
boom that would cut down a shit-ton a
crime and a shit anymore that's that's
gonna be that's gonna be a tough one
like I said though it's it's the idea of
a planetary government will probably be
necessary as soon as we start leaving
the planet it's just hard it's so hard
to imagine that's out that's so outside
of my zone of thinking I guess it's a a
book letter it's a ladder to nowhere do
you guys hear this music this sucks
music this whole time this fucking this
sucks
listen just listen to it she went to bed
it's 11 o'clock now wait I need the
torture oh this is the hard part what do
I drop what do I drop wait start leaving
the planet you know I mean when we yes
when we certainly like go so far we've
we've taken vacations off of the planet
but we you know what I meant by leave
the planet is permanently leave the
planet like when people start to
colonize the moon or colonize Mars
that's when we're gonna have to start
getting our planetary shit together oh I
already got that one okay
you already did what
nothing lover gotta figure out what path
I have to take oh shit
oh yeah heads up look you ain't trying
to take that motherfucker out yeah
that's fair dude what what was that what
was that let's see here
anonymous says ashens is great you might
be interested lots of vintage games
consoles and funny musings about loot
crate unboxing funny British dude oh
thank you for the recommendation
i'ma I I really like the technical side
of stuff so a lot of the people that I
follow kind of get into how stuff works
like that's why I really I really like
computer file just the the process of
how computers can turn ones and zeros
into graphics is fascinating to me
see what you can do here it
he's very confused
where is he firing does he not see you
no I just didn't see me that's great you
did it you did it
latest episode of computer files about
CPUs is pretty good oh I haven't seen
that one ham I love that kind of stuff
that kind of that kind of technical
stuff
angry centaur gaming
he's a good reviewer and I studied music
there's some shit long video discussing
graphic design and sound design it's
really interesting yeah that's why I
really like extra credits there they're
really fun as far as talking about like
theory theory and be like the the the
purpose of art and you know something
like one of the guys on there is an
actual game developer instead of like
that's a fun one jacket rich says
Ricketts 47 do you guys get starstruck
when you hang out with Mike and Jay
that's a great question
absolutely fucking know all the time all
the time you know I it's hard because
I'm cooing so loud even to have a
conversation with me
anonymous says what do you folks think
of Jim sterling in general I like Jim
sterling shits
I hate these fuckers so much but they
have to be so goddamn many of you here
yes yes there dude just run man and just
run away from them they won't give chase
I like I like Jim I don't subscribe to
him I don't want a ton of his stuff just
because like I said I I don't want like
you know I used to watch Yahtzee all the
time but then once we started the show I
didn't want I don't want other people to
influence what I'm going to say so
unfortunately I had to stop a lot of
just kind of standard or viewers but I
liked what Jim does I think in general I
think he's alright
I think he's alright always goddamn why
are there so many mob --lens that's what
happens well you should check the moon
sometime soon to still at the same night
is it or isn't the next night I spent a
large part of that time just talking
okay less time moves while you're paused
on a talking screen with somebody I
don't think it does I don't think it
does then we're fine okay oh it's
actually kind of an obnoxious question
oh you're getting the fire yeah yeah
yeah it is between Twitter and YouTube
it's a wonder I can get anything done
sometimes by the way it's up here I'm
going our way
oh yeah your buddy here by the almost by
this table
sterling got I I heard about that
sterling got ddos'd because he gave
zelda a seven out of ten
jesus fun what is wrong with people what
the fuck is wrong with people the proper
response to him giving zelda seven out
of ten is okay if i liked it more than
he did right people are goddamn assholes
rich and you know what this is a great
game is out the breath of the wild I
have some issues with it complaints I
think the you know the pros far outweigh
anything I have to complain about
absolutely absolutely but I like there
is definitely like we don't do number
rankings but like there's a it's
conceivable to give this a seven out of
ten I would think even though we don't
do the whole number of her skating the
this whole idea and people get so
obsessed with number rankings and it's
horseshit you wonder why people can't
get an honest score out of professional
game reviewers this is why that's that's
about why thank you we've talked about
that before about you know games
reviewers giving everything a B or
giving everything a I'm eight out of ten
at the least this is why you can't
because I don't want to get DDoS in DD
Esther whatever just yeah do s denial of
service one day one day one day denial
of service what do you think the other D
means that's what I was trying to think
of cuz I thought there was something
before that of you was like I'm just
gonna hope it doesn't fucking rain that
would really that would really ruin my
day if it rained ooh a direct denial of
service is what they're saying oh that
what I be Reese gets it directed denial
of service ah so a coordinated denial of
service is uh what it is
but calling the horse put out the flame
that's why this is why we got bingo yep
that's why that's why you have your
little you little checkpoints right
there distributed denial-of-service is
that what you're saying I would believe
anything I would believe anything but
hey it's alright it's gonna be alright
Jim we got your back I know that doesn't
mean anything
I mean that means less than nothing it
means less than nothing but hey I'm
saying it I got your back dawg
I think he's British but if you ever
come to Milwaukee we'll hang out he's
not gonna come to war we drink every
time the flame goes out I think rich I
wouldn't make that mistake once they'll
be fine he's to the road already it's
not going out again yeah
listen range unless it rains and you
already killed that the tank right yeah
yeah right so be fine yeah I killed I
deliberately killed a bunch of stuff on
the way there yeah yeah knowing full
well what was gonna happen right
Jim lives in Mississippi he's a fan
though who is a fan and of what that's
that's a great that's a great question
he's an RL on phenol he's got impeccable
taste take it
actually well we might redo it I'm just
the the Zelda review that we're gonna
redo yeah I remember how we ended that
do you want to end it the same way it's
up to you I I liked it if it might be
might be you know what it might be too
old the jokes might be too old yeah we
gave it a 7 of a 10 instead of 7 out of
10 in honor of Jim sterling that's how
we ended it I know we don't usually do
number reviews but I want to give her
some really good game but had some flaws
so you know it's a good game that I'm
gonna give it a 7 out of 10 but a yeah
that uh that talking point will probably
too old by the time make it right
oh well get over there like you wanna be
on no thing I'll wait that's the time
slot
is that true jimster Jim sterling lives
in Mississippi and Yahtzee lives in
California I thought Lots he lived in
Australia yeah cuz he complained before
less he moved he moved but a page full
of shit apparently according to that
chatter Yahtzee subscribes to us on
Twitch and is in chat every once in a
while really that's what that one person
said I do not know if we don't believe
them
ha I bought his new book I haven't read
it yet I've read yeah I've read all of
these books he has a new book called
will save the galaxy for food or
something I haven't read it yet though I
really enjoyed jam all except for the
ending though there's kind of a weak
ending but jam jam is a fine book yeah
if you if you enjoy his sense of humor
here you go the ancient arrows with the
ancient arrows one hit to the eye one
hit to the I will blow up a century
Kevin Smith is in the chat all the time
and loves you guys would I lie you know
Breen isn't a chatot I get it I find ok
it's it's fine it's ok
whirring the green up for you go from
the amoeba was really lame i you know
what i prefer the hooking cape I love
that hidden cave I like I like his
hidden cave if I got to just choose an
outfit and didn't have to worry about
like the set bonuses yeah it would be
the red the red
Hylian shirt the hood and cape and the
red trousers or the regular Hylian
trousers
that's my favorite outfit 2:54 three
they're expensive they're expensive
oh wow okay but look at like look at the
one below that one the ancient blade saw
right crazy crazy how cool do you design
your videos to be usually usually I
designed them to be not topical at all
as far as up with with with like modern
news I try to I try to make them in such
a way where anyone could watch it at any
time
and that's why I like like you know what
a thing we forgot for the fucking Zelda
discussion just to give a general what
the game is we didn't give it an intro
outline Jack outline outline one we need
an outline like and everyone knows what
Zelda is but there could be someone out
there who is never played a Zelda game
watches are and watches our video and
that's what I like to design them around
is what if someone has never played a
Zelda game and watched our video
so we didn't even give like a recap of
what the game is it's an open world
action-adventure game and you play is
linked you have to rescue Princess Zelda
from the evil calamity gam Ganon you
fight this and can climb mountains and
do this we didn't do that right right
I'm a huge dickhead that's okay that's
okay we learned a lesson the lesson is
always listen to rich heavens
yeah always listen to rich Evan always
listen to riches yes and I've given rich
special instructions
I've given rich very special
instructions where in the future if I
say ah we don't need an outline we can
handle this riches to remind me of what
an asshole I am a super asshole a super
asshole
WW Rd one would riched you that's true
that's true Jack had a look at little
nightmares I don't know Jack I can
remind you of what an asshole you are
that that's hell that's helpful that's
less helpful when we're shooting an
episode because you won't be there
lah D says Jack's so glad you are liking
run run the jewels have you got to run
the jewels three yet I think it's their
best what are some of your favorite
songs of they're my favorite song it
would have to be every track unrung the
jewels three favorite albums so far yeah
I have run the Geo three it's great
favorite overall album still is two from
the jewels to that that I forget the
name of it but that fuck fuck your
slow-mo with Zack de la Rocha is so
fucking hot that blockbuster that
blockbuster has the most killer fuzzy
bass line as the backbeat I'm a dumbass
what you do
I didn't mark down where I found the
flim played on the map what enemy had
that but I wasn't you didn't that came
from the you are not a dumbass
I think run the jewels three is good but
I also think it's a little it's not as
peppy as oh we get to the maze huh
are we gonna do the maze if you want to
Ritchie you are playing the game you get
to do whatever you want
how far are you into the game well isn't
that an interesting question with this
game I'm as far as I want to be in this
game isn't that the greatest other
people who have beaten this game in like
an hour they went straight to Ganon
right yeah yeah you can do that you can
do that you can go straight to Ganon in
this game like the first thing I mean I
wouldn't be easy I into this game I'm
guessing you have more hours into this
but I've done less it as far as story
quest go and in math revelation right
all that stuff I'm and and that's the
most fantastic thing about this game
play as
you want it's great it's great so in
case I run the drills - is probably my
favorite because it has the most it has
it has the the songs that I can Bob my
head and tap my toe - after that I like
run the jewels one they were they were
really going balls out and run the
drills three was great fucking amazing
hip hop run the jewels I recommend all
albums but I'm not gonna be able to get
there

[Part II]
was but shit I'm not gonna be able to
get there
am i yeah you'll be able to get there
maybe you got that yellow bar - hey
before the wind I might be too low very
fine
I'm just gonna dodge those fuckers -
that's great oh it's a whole thing
that's great whole fucking thing but
hip-hop is bad music yeah I know that
you know as it is I really enjoy hip-hop
rich is an asshole that's all because I
don't like hick hip-hop music you you're
an asshole because you have confined
what hip-hop is to a couple of songs
that you've heard and and and if I
remember correctly in your head hip-hop
is bad because they take other people's
music and and pervert it but that is a
very small percentage of what hey all
right all right I don't really want to
get into the hip-hop discussion so I
enjoy progressive rock - I enjoy a lot
of different kinds of kinds of music
where's my end point huh where's my end
point what are we looking for
I could tell you cuz I've gone through
this already but I'm not gonna ain't
gonna tell you shit define me know
I like oh sweet what what are those
things is in here oh there's a lot of
stuff in here man
there's a lot of stuff in here let's see
here anonymous says considering all the
copyright hubbub Lulu going on
throughout YouTube what copyright
problems has rlm faced if any I will not
privy on the details we've had some yeah
some of the click 'add reviews Oh needed
some considering of course the you know
one of the biggest problems is is the
auto flagging is the robots finding
their music that's that's what really
gets you because then you can't even get
the video up as far as rich and I are
concerned we've had a ton of stuff
flagged and usually I'll just let it be
like you know a lot of the streams will
say hey this had like the WWE stream
says hey that has copy written stuff in
it you can't monetize it but WWE can
monetize it and they can choose what
country I can view the video and that's
a pain in the ass there's been a few
that I've disputed for example
oh you forgot about you oh yeah I think
the fallout stream is only available in
certain countries as well that's great
one one specific example was one of our
rocket League streams got flagged he's
actively trying not to Angus
how he sees you
one of our rocket rocket league streams
was flagged for me nice oh I didn't even
know you could do that nice rich sorry
this is a good fight take a picture of
him oh it's a little lame when he
forgets about you so in any case one of
the the rocket leagues got claimed for
its music and I thought to myself that's
really strange like rocket League is
streamed everywhere why did it get
claimed for one of the music for one of
the pieces of music so I looked into it
and rocket League gives explicit
permission to monetize any game footage
and in-game music as long as it's part
of the gameplay like you can't just
upload the song to youtube but if the
song plays during gameplay you are free
to monetize that and just some asshole
was trying to get away with it so they
take any heat signature is that what it
was doing
no shooting it was shooting this
it wasn't shooting it be yeah but it
would shoot that all the time can you
distract them with fire I don't know
it's raining now so it'd be if I'm
behind to tell
you're not going anywhere
look nope nice job rich thank you
I get nice job so I had to go through a
claim process with the rocket League
video saying hey I have permission all
the music is part of the gameplay this
guys be this person whoever claimed the
copyright against this as being an
asshole
and they probably just do that to a
million uploads of rocket League hoping
that no one disputes the claim and tries
to nickel-and-dime people out of money I
think that was shit all right so we
gotta figure out what we need to do I've
done this before so I can't help you
yeah I know I'm not asking for help oh
sure I'm just I'm just saying I'm just
letting you know that's
hey icky oh I'm down to 16 arrows that's
bad oh thanks Lloyd I will I will look
at the little nightmarish trailer thank
you like sorry Jen says I can't wait
till you do the Tarrytown building
sidequest
rich it's easily my favorite only tip I
can say is remember everyone whose name
I just was son I started already I know
you were telling me about that what
sounds crazy but build your own town
yeah crazy
yeah and YouTube YouTube's copyright
system is you know it's not perfect it's
it's just not perfect and I know they're
in a whole heap of Hubble balloon now
because of their new like restricted
rules have you been hearing about this
now they're they're trying to make
parental controls a little easier to
understand which from a business
standpoint makes a whole lot of sense
but apparently it unintentionally
blocked a bunch of videos that were not
adults content but just created by gay
or lesbian creators really that had
nothing to do with adult content but was
just maybe discussing something gay well
that's gay that's right and so light and
YouTube is like yeah we're trying to
tweak the system but of course like a
bunch of people are freaking out as they
kind of should because it's like hey
this seems to be you know unilaterally
discriminating against us and it's just
not you know it's not a perfect system
but once again as someone who was making
videos before YouTube the the platform
is so much better than anything we had
before and I I really wish that there
was a real competitor out there
I wish they were that would be nice
someone to make YouTube work a little
bit harder at making it the best
platformer ever but unfortunately
there's just no competition so it's not
a perfect system should be YouTube's
tagline absolutely it's but oh man the
the old days the pre YouTube days were
so fucked so one day maybe one day we'll
get it we'll get a decent competitor was
in vivo a competitor no vivo is is a
part of YouTube I'm not thinking about V
mo let's make yeah like I use Vimeo for
business stuff Vimeo is a great high
quality platform just no one's on it
hello
you mean the 160 by 100 real players
skate video days yeah
oh I remember shit like that I remember
like uploading your own real player to
your you know Apple owned website and
being super excited that you can get a
30-second video on that great
I don't think that did anything right
I'll be honest with ya I was totally
worth a shot oh of course what that oh
you're gonna get below I know right up
rich
- to be quite honest the site that has
the most potential to be an actual
youtube competitor is twitch twitch is
doing some some great things and they I
think that they're gonna be the ones
that really give YouTube a run for its
money
dick damage dick damage I mean do you
need to fight them
what's in that corner or some in that
corner shit well man shit is another
man's treasure jack twitch has terrible
UI but if they fix that they're gold you
know I think I think so like they
they're working on an upload feature
they're working on broadening what
people can oh my I'm a dumbass what why
am I such an dumbass why what have we
been doing there
oh now we just can't see you
thunderstorm rod too rich they still
sang twitch will make YouTube twitch i'm
what i'm saying is twitch is you know
twitch has got the whole live thing down
pack down pat they have amazon money now
as far as spending because you need
money in order to grow the platform so
they got amazon money and they're
working on uploading shit we're getting
uh we're getting we're getting to maybe
something that could be a real
competitor to youtube all right so I
still don't know what I'm looking for
you're looking to not get blown up by
that thing okay oh that's a hint I'll
give you so it's a lousy hint how come I
can't watch broadcasts on my phone I
don't know you should be able to we are
broadcasting twitch has the advantage of
not being viable by Google right right
twitch has got that sweet sweet Amazon
money and they're doing some fun stuff
you know like new Power Rangers movies
coming out twitch says hey let's stream
all episodes of Power Rangers before the
movie comes up live stream marathon
that's fun they did the same thing with
Samurai Jack they're doing some fun
stuff if they can get this if they can
get the user interface to something that
people understand then we got the and we
got the makings at the makings or
something
all right where do those flying ones go
do they just it just vanished Jack um I
that might be a draw distance thing I
believe that the flying ones only patrol
the top of the maze to make sure that
you can't just climb to the top and
bypass all right all right system that's
what I got from it I don't know if
that's true though I'll be honest with
you they did not make a samurai tech
movie before the new season of Samurai
Jack started twitch live-streamed is it
a movie or a season or a miniseries
Woody's it's a new season kind of sorry
if I misspoke how many episodes I have
no idea I have no idea
are we talking about something that's
functionally a miniseries I don't know
okay I believe it's a full series or a
full season so more than 15 episodes I
would assume but I do not know I feel
like we will always hit the same
problems though video services start
getting big enough it will start getting
attention from RIAA MPAA etc and they
will have to implement same automated
copyright protection tech that YouTube
does maybe that's that's where
competition starts coming into play so
like right now the thing that YouTube is
worried about is most of their money
comes from those advertising dollars and
so YouTube is trying to desperately
protect its advertisers and its
advertisers our movie companies who run
their trailers on YouTube and television
companies who run their shows on YouTube
for ads so YouTube is in the corner of
its advertisers came from I think and it
doesn't have to worry about users
because users are infinitely disposable
and replaceable
yes yeah it's true it's incredibly true
so what if though their creators had
somewhere else to go and create if if
YouTube isn't the only platform for
creators and all of their creators start
going somewhere else then YouTube will
have to start looking at its policies
and instead of just protecting
advertisers it will have to do something
for its creators to entice the creative
community back to YouTube or to stay to
YouTube so that's that's where the
competition is needed is to is once once
creators have a different place to go
that's when YouTube can start to sweat
and that's when we can start dealing
with this stuff like fair use and and
the legal use of someone else's footage
I know we're deal is someone that some
big youtuber who's who I've never heard
of is dealing with an important
copyright wait were you going
I couldn't can I climb huh can you climb
oh I just assumed the walls would be
unclimbed well you can climb everything
in Zelda rich that's the give when I'm a
dungeons usually doesn't guess this
isn't wait I wanna there was a black
crane I wanna see what's behind that
first Jack you're a bright ass dude I
you I um I'm pale yes Wow
oh my god
that's just more more minutes more maze
I'm gonna get lost in lose for that and
now I know I think I already did
you can climb on anything and it's it's
actually upsetting to me that you didn't
even think you could climb these walls
cuz you know you can climb anything in
this game
yeah but that won't happen unless
YouTube does something radically stupid
content creators are just as tired or
just as tied to YouTube as YouTube is to
them but YouTube has the upper hand in
every negotiation with the content
creators exactly YouTube has the upper
hand because we're replaceable but as
soon as YouTube is replaceable so like
for example let's say let's say that
twitch makes their user interface a lot
easier people can migrate over to twitch
people start using twitch more for
uploaded videos instead of just live
streaming content creators can then earn
revenue over here instead of going to
YouTube that gives the creator's a
slight upper hand that gives the Creator
option so then the Creator is no longer
tied to that YouTube ad money they have
a different place they can go to for ad
money and twitch also has stuff like
like like tips like stream tip alerter
like their their bits things where
content creators have another another
opportunity for revenue instead of just
being reliant on ads that's why that's
why stuff like patreon is so incredibly
important to content creators where they
no longer have to worry about ad revenue
and playing that ad game that's why
stuff like you know rich and I doing the
stream helps pay for the show that we
make cuz we wouldn't make it with just
ad revenue as YouTube's fucked you over
again somehow no we're just talking in
general bots like YouTube ads and like
what what we need in order like as a
content creator what we need in order to
fix the YouTube system
YouTube still has a huge assortment of
videos already updated that will draw
people in for all times that's that's
true until twitch gets their backlog up
until the next site gets their backlog
up until more people can migrate over
and it'll happen eventually it will
happen eventually no the the amount the
amount of come on I like I've looked
into this recently I was giving a talk
to some business people about YouTube
videos and whatnot and it's something
crazy like there's there's 24 hours
worth of videos uploaded every minute to
YouTube yeah it's insane
the the amount of minutes watch is
ridiculous it's beautiful
Jack's YouTube TED talk yeah yeah this
is what I deal with all the time I just
and this this is my life and so that's
what that's what's important to me rain
is your arch nemesis in this game you
know and you know what we didn't talk
about during our review rain rain we got
to redo it yeah totally we're redoing it
tomorrow it's terrible let's see here no
Jack always notes always notes I know
chicken
oh no sorry anonymous says hey Jack you
might like Jin ro the wolf burgade it's
Red Riding Hood in Japanese with Asian
power armor Nazis what it's about ghost
in the shell tear but only anime
hipsters know it Oh Jin ro the wolf
burger brigade I will I will add that to
my gym bro the wolf fucker well the wolf
wolf the wolf wolf I will add that to my
two watchlist thank you anonymous
chicken Mik buttocks says thanks for the
butt last stream
uh you're welcome Oh with near near
automata ah yeah there's some of this
some nice but last string I was a thing
hey thank you for the for the tip on how
to get that but oh wait I'm under
I'm under it Oh silver rupee gin row oh
you know what I think I've seen I think
I've seen like stills and gifts from gin
robbed before yeah that does look great
anonymous says do you guys know any of
the demographics for the people who
watch our Ellen prereq videos no I try
and I try not to look into that too hard
22:35 white beard based on people I've
met who have recognized me in public
I would absolutely believe that I
absolutely believe that by the way rich
congratulations on finally getting back
at Mike with that max landis bitten it's
surprising that you that he let you edit
a section yeah I know I know I got away
with that it was nice of Mike fruit
prize magician says I'm 30 and I'm white
and I have a beard look sorry Jennsen
sorry for the billion of Zelda messages
today just excited from this if you can
time it just right you can parry the
laser with your shield it's bad I've
tried I can't do it right I've seen that
before I've seen clips and it looks
badass looks badass rich broken learn
Adobe Premiere and got his revenge
absolutely I love that hack bot has an
exclamation point wet ass whoever
programmed that and thank you what does
it say if you type in exclamation point
wet ass hack bot says that wet ass is
smooth as butter rich Evan
March 2017 and I love it I know I have
not seen the new Samurai Jack I don't
have cable at the moment and so I'll
have to wait till it comes to some sort
of streaming service but I'm excited
about it I'm really excited about him oh
my god this labyrinth this is a dungeon
this is effectively this is effectively
a dungeon kind of the way they've
separated I'm actually surprised you
haven't found you haven't found anything
well you know what fuck you that's what
well that's what like it's it more
surprise me that you didn't realize you
could climb the walls and so you're
still an old video game mode rich other
video games yes would say you can't find
these walls not this game I'm looking up
I'm just not saying anything much
interesting to climb right how is that
true the master it's free on Adult Swim
well then I'll have to check it out
Anonymous has any plans to celebrate
when you get 1 million twitch views
you're only 50,000 away now what does it
mean a million Church views that means
people have watched it a million times
yeah so apparently no I don't know what
do you want to do about it
oh no we have not we still haven't
figured out what to say for when people
get 36 I have subscribed for 36 I know
we're gonna be in trouble when that
happens I hope it doesn't happen today
well is it gonna happen today now
because I said it yep
has it already haven't I'm looking I'm
looking
I don't see it I don't see it in the
Twatter there's hope there's hope the
bottom isn't that fantastic I love it I
love that there is just an island maze
in this game
a giant island maze
we cast piano music let's see here where
are we anonymous oh yeah we did that a
Sarah Chen says too much beer
Zelda prereq good ass relaxing night I
kind of miss okay good night
rich you're doing a great job I've seen
some people just sucking itself oh thank
you thank you for that mild compliment
that just leaves me back in here
well I wasn't wasted did you guys stream
this for a few weeks so I don't have to
buy it
maybe oh wait is it open no no no it's
not no it is not rich but I'll tell you
this you you you can get in well I know
I can get in I don't know if I want any
hints I'm not giving you any hints I'm
just letting you know you can get in
that's what Nintendo is afraid of here's
the thing Yuki you could watch us stream
this for 20 hours you could see us
discover a whole bunch of weird shit
that wouldn't cover half of the game
there is so much to this game that you
can still discover watch all the streams
you want it won't matter there is so
fucking much to this game
those it's tears it's tears Nintendo
teaches us the joy of getting lost
that's right it's not about the
destination it's about the journey
that's not sure what it's it's not about
the destination that's not true at all
I'm singing Zelda well otherwise mrs.
Lincoln how was the play the nd they
know that either the destination Lincoln
getting shot I'm sure I'm sure mrs.
Lincoln wouldn't say oh that was a great
play the journey did not matter the
destination dead Jack the destination is
important I'm going to say that I hate
that quote it's not the journey it's the
destination airship the destination is
the reason you take the fucking journey
I think I think you're misunderstanding
what that quote is about that quote is
not a blanket statement about it's never
the destination alright alright I'm
saying in this particular case it is the
the journey and not the destination oh
we got it now we got it now we totally
got it we totally got it yep you know I
think you've been here before and it was
a stir this is before you knew you could
crawl all over places no I'm in here
there's a dead end
Oh oh you know I think that's where you
found the shield and sword
yeah yeah it's probably on the other
side it's not the road trip it's all the
road kill you can pick up along the way
that's very Zelda
I want to go to space I'd love to go to
space that would be awesome
rich you wanna go to space sounds like a
great way to die yeah and fucking love
it I want to learn about space I don't
want to go there I want to go to the
fucking moon I want to walk on the moon
motherfucker I love going to different
places I love going to different places
I'd love to go to space yeah that's
right you're rich you don't like flying
an airplane nope
so are you problem that's like a it's
like a super airplane yeah so you'd
probably really hate like rocket ships I
on the other hand would love to go to
space the traveler speaks says earth is
the best spaceship ever kind of right
Hey right now we are we are hurtling
through the galaxy what's what's that
quote that david Hyde Pierce says in
what had American summer it's one of the
most amazing things ever when he's
giving his little science talk we're
hurtling through the galaxy and billions
of miles per hour rotating around a
giant fusion ball you could say that
right now we are on the spaceship earth
did you say that to anyone anywhere
anytime
the street you know what sometimes the
stream gets existential absolutely I'm
fine with that
I think you've been humid yeah I know
and I'm looking to see what nooks I
missed
okay literally all the time ba-ba-boom
not a mild compliment rich cessarich end
but a big compliment
and yes the DLC I'm interested and did
admittedly buy it because there's
supposed to be a new story episode and
new big dungeons on the way I like I
haven't bought I didn't buy the season
pass because I've been burned brutally
on season passes yeah after Batman
Arkham Knight I'm gonna wait and see
what the DLC is but I mean it could be
worth it a couple a couple new stories
maybe a new map area some new temples
yeah could be fun
could be fun you know the fact that we
move like that makes me want to see some
time traveler show where they just end
up floating in space right mm-hmm if you
if you can teleport yep to the exact
same place where you are right now but
in the past you would you would end up
in space because the earth would
probably not be in the exact same
position unless you could calculate it
to where the earth is in the exact same
space relative doesn't even the concept
where in space make any sense
space is relative sure but you're
changing the time so then the space
would change in in relation to the time
not in relation to you
that's my favorite little little
adrenaline game how late can I open my
parachute right before you hit right
before you hit that's burning what's up
here
that's stupid bats are up there stupid
bats that's gonna take a while to burn
I'm gonna hit some bats how many times
have I splat it a few times a few times
you know you can land on your horse Road
from your parachute yeah yeah go right
from parachutes or riding your horse
pretty awesome can you at a wild horse
ooh I wonder mm-hmm that's strange
that's where the vines were right ah
don't know what torch is suspicious
you know it's getting easier than ever
to find anything on Twitch that's true
but that was a mistake
yep it's true as far as as far as real
competition to YouTube going back to
going back to that whole YouTube's not
gonna change until they have competition
right now they're they're you know
oh and I can come back get this anytime
can you do you think it responds to
weapons in the overworld respond no with
the Blood Moon oh well there you go yeah
look at that thing that's why she was
talking I was talking about the things
my I put like a sword pin means it's a
good weapon there hmm
I put down the unsolved quest okay good
shield I just find a good shield there I
haven't found many good shields lying
around so not many of those another
weapon diamond this is rock that will
spawn on more expensive diamond
arrow good hunting ground I'm using the
hell out of these pins and it's great
the pins are amazing agreed
powerful monster I should have done some
of the line also I wasn't thinking
wasn't thinking I'd forgotten about
those and the leaf foraging I've got a
system Jack that's great rich um it
reminds me a lot of sweet sweet the Wind
Waker sequel for the DS had a very
similar system where you could make
notes on the map hmm that's great this
game is huge
oh this game is huge and rich hasn't
even unlocked all of the map yet yeah no
I know
oh you want to go up wait wait wait no
that's right this is oh my god I'm so
confusing I have where when you were
there look around what so when is this
coming to PC
look you could probably find a wii-u
pretty cheap it's on the WiiU yeah all
right
that's way too suspicious or anything I
want you already have it or need to why
I don't know I don't know I don't know
what I don't know what's in there Jack I
don't get in there they'll say sorry you
only have one torch well oh you know
what I don't know if we can want that
juicy Shack meat anymore you know you
know I should keep mr. Shaquille O'Neal
has recently come out as a flat earther
does that make the meat lest you see
that does that that makes me not want to
eat the meat what if it's tainted it
just means he's dumb he still might be a
perfectly nice guy just don't talk to
him about the roundness of the earth I'm
saying you know it just means jack is
dumb you sure I guess I expected more
out of Shaquille O'Neal I don't know why
I don't know why I expected more else
seems like an intelligent person he just
seems like a normal person this is this
is what religion does to your brain like
that that's the most upsetting part is
like you see someone who like hey he's
an intelligent guy he attack up seems
like an intelligent guy seems like a
normal person you're like really
flattered really you're not a normal
person
let's Shaq do Shaq huh let's Shaq
douchebag does Shaq Shaq don't give no
fuck about me or about what I think of
him I'm saying it mm-hmm
Londyn yeah we won't get into me right
nevermind nevermind we won't get into
them what religion and if flattered if
had anything to do that I think yeah it
is no matter came without judging which
is kind of a stupid thing to say because
I obviously already judged when I said
Shaq was stupid for believing it yeah
and I said see what religion does do
you're blind the brain right so I am
judging it but without judging it yeah
the old biblical view is that the earth
is a flat thing under a dome and then
the outside of the dome is water that's
where the flood came up it came from God
caused the flood by cracking open that
dome that's Bible earth that's that's
where that's where Flat Earth theory
came from it came from religious yeah
origins
that's why rich what I enjoy good
pseudoscience yeah and I almost almost
every Flat Earth thing eventually goes
into the scripture says here there or
because God yeah and the ones that don't
heavily imply a god videos that talk
about flatness our evidence for God
Peppers his way through those videos
gotcha
it's in there it's a religious it's a
religious movement the Flat Earth thing
yeah so like that wasn't just rich
randomly talking about religion that
it's connected I guess that's what I
wanted again yeah it was there was
there's a connection there anonymous
says if it makes rich feel any better
I'm a Navy pilot commercial planes are
safe enough don't spread it flying
flying ISM is a wonderful way to travel
it gets you places very fast and
statistically is safer than driving only
because less people fly every day than
they do drive but still statistics is it
worse to believe in a flat or earth or
the Mandela I don't know it was so weird
the day after we shot that video yeah
and you and Jay were explaining the
Mandela effect very next day Captain
disillusion came out with a video about
the Mandela effect isn't that weird and
I hadn't never heard of it before you
and Jay brought it up to me and I was
like how funny and then the very next
day
captain's disillusioned does something
about it does a video about it
sometimes we get philosophical here
that's true let's see here Sarah Chen
says important tip in tip whenever you
get into Hyrule Castle oh wait maybe a
spoiler yeah rich hasn't gotten there
yet so I won't tell him oh I gotta like
monsters okay okay
of course you gotta like monsters look
at that guy you know what guy who's
super into monsters happen well I'll be
honest let's try be nice okay a little
bit just a little bit crazy his boxer
shorts and his belly's hanging
wait wasn't have Richard talking to the
the phangan bone guy and we just you
know this is Rich's first time seeing
him and we love him
Oh what but I can't I can't buy anything
from him what happened and this one he
said we're talking I was listening kind
of you oh so he appears in random towns
okay at only at night and in different
towns and yeah he'll buy like monster
guts from you and stuff okay and you can
trade him for specific things finding
him is is is difficult but like if you
talk to people in towns a lot of them
will say hey did you hear in this town
there's some weirdo hanging around what
does he have that's good is he have
anything that's like really good it is
shop or something I don't remember
I sold a bunch of stuff to him I think
oh he does he like you can buy a monster
armor set you can buy monster armor sets
so like for example like you can buy a
chameleon set so chameleons won't ever
attack you
that sounds really super handy yeah
awesome super game-breaking that sounds
super you know a super duper
game-breaking ah no because it takes a
shit ton of work to get online you need
a lot of shit like it's not like you can
just buy like spending rupees you need
specific monster parts so there's a
whole bunch monster mask yeah you can
buy shit from them it's great it's what
we used to do in school talk as kids
it's talking about things we found in
games and this is how knowledge got
shared yeah that's what this game is
doing it's great it's great you know
unfortunately you know because of the
internet it's just a lot easier to get
that now yeah sure sure
but you that's your choice like if you
want to get all the information from if
from Google that's easy or you can talk
to
have you found the giant skeleton yet I
have it was it was here still night it
is I'm not sure I'm not sure why I
wouldn't want to fight it I know where
it is I just wanna see if you thought if
you found it yet
yes I know last time we talked to you
did not yeah no I found it since also
some bearers did you ride a bear ride
you can ride a bear I need to ride the
bear you can jump on and tame the bear
and write it around
I wrote along I wrote a deer go write a
bear good because you can totally ride a
bear unfortunately probably the same
thing happened with the deer as soon as
you get off the bear it is no longer
tamed yeah yeah but you can totally jump
on and ride a bear oh and there's a bear
I'm just something I have to sneak up on
it though huh okay well go run up and
jump on him man oh my god oh oh the
skeletons away and there's the giant
skeleton look at that guy he's great he
picks up trees and hits you with trees
rich there's not a great enemy gallatin
probably not weak to fire probably not
weak to anything electricity like I just
need blunt-force trauma if you feel like
it and you know what you don't have to
fight it out I'm just excited that
you're riding a bear
Shh like this probably has an obvious
weak point right yeah we're always a
dent hi knocks huh a stall box yeah
oh yeah he's just a big big dead oh
that's great I didn't notice that I
didn't realize that we're playing this
on the switch rich brought his switch
here and I'm using my Elgato capture
card oh you know that's not we're gonna
talk about cuz we talked about this like
a livestream someone was mentioning
because sometimes we have issues with
games and crashing when we try to stream
games from the computer we're playing
them on so someone was saying hey well
you know why not get a a computer
dedicated to the streaming aspect of it
and then you wouldn't have to you know
worry about OBS sucking up all your your
CPU when playing a game so I started
building a streaming only PC in PC parts
picker yes yes for shits and giggles
trying to die
just trying to make like the cheapest
build I could giving all the money to
the processor and to the ramp and spend
he's gonna attack me with his own boats
great he he rips off his own bones and
look please get it again and he picks up
trees and uses them as clubs any
beautiful
now hit him in the skeleton crotch
weapon do I want to burn through to do
it is the question the reason rich isn't
complaining about aiming with a stick
instead of a mouse is because the motion
controls are better than analog sticks
the the both the switch itself and look
that it covers up his eye yeah okay the
the switch itself and the pro controller
have motion controls to kind of help
with fine or aiming I personally don't
like it but out rich does the
combination of lock-on important lock-on
and motion controls can get you
something that's half decent yeah no
don't look wait why the trees there is a
tree there rich
but there was a tree link loves trees
wonder if you need to defeat him before
sunrise all the buttbounce the dreaded
skeletal but bones gets you every time
oh it's morning now no that's like I'm
sorry I'm sorry but you wrote a bear
you saw the giant skeleton that's all
that matters
I accidentally rode the bear as I was
running away from the skeleton I just
ran into a bear and I saw a mount and I
was like what
and so I rode the bear away from the
skeleton and it's great the great part
is I mean you could just ride the bear
yeah all over the place and you could
talk to people while riding the bear
they don't mention the fact that you're
riding a bear yeah I would love it if
they're if they would refuse to talk to
you because you were riding on a bear
but and the bear has no whip ability so
it moves pretty slow so what's what's
the deal Lost Woods or do i fast-forward
a night time and go and try that boss
again what you want to do in the last
ones look for the master sword that's up
to you that's up to you how long is the
whole lost woods section we should start
thinking about where this ends up what
is it 9 yeah what time do we start
I see people want lost wood little lost
what's that people want lost woods you
should have rode the bear back I love it
that you can ride the bear I love it
that you can ride the bear there's so
many little things about this game like
that right there is something that you
would have told your friend back in the
day did you know that if we go into the
woods you can actually ride the bear and
they would have got bullshit you can't
write a bear but that's a true thing
okay first things first
know what you need to do rest get full
hearts yeah get full hearts just cooking
you know what if you can ride a deer and
if you
right a bear you could probably ride a
goat I haven't tried I haven't tried i I
think I don't think you can ride boards
like it probably has to be bigger than
link whatever it is
yeah the matter the master sword if you
don't if you if you use it against
regular enemies the Master Sword loses
its magic instantly not instantly uh-oh
what you know what I went back into my
gameplay footage it lasted five enemies
for me alright five enemies and it loses
its magic and then has approximately a
nine minute cooldown but it stays in
your inventory you don't have to go back
to the Lost Woods and get it it just it
has a cooldown so personally I am NOT a
fan of the weapon breaking mechanic so I
think it's total bullshit that your
master sword
you can't just use your master sword I
don't like that but I get it I get it
yeah the like the weapon the whole
weapon durability thing they break too
easily for me there's no metric as to
when they're going to break it's it's a
it's all all this to like this this
whole like cooking stuff personally I do
not like this whole cooking thing I hate
it it takes that takes me away from
fighting or climbing that's all I want
to do I want to fight climb ride my
horse all this takes away from him for
me I know rich is okay with this with
this yeah cooking in camping this cold
cooking and camping thing
is there any way to get an unbreakable
version I don't believe they're of the
master shirt of any weapon I don't
believe no yeah but like I said the
Master Sword does repair itself right
right like I said you don't have to go
back to the Lost Woods to get it every
time
yeah but there's just periods that you
can't I'm with tomato Ned I'm okay with
weapon breaking but they break way too
quick 50 to 25% more durability or even
just a metric as to when they're gonna
break give me a number do you think that
the game could do with a blood-borne or
neo type loot weapon system or would
that mess up the bounce colonel rich I
don't understand what you mean by loot
weapon system what they drop weapons all
the time and you can pick them up you
keep them forever and you just get cuz
you get it just you know you just get a
ton of garbage that you'll never use
that way that was the knee Oprah that
was a problem with neo wasn't I didn't I
didn't think that was a positive aspect
of neo right no and so you know like my
issue you know with a lot of the weapon
breaking unlike blood-borne
because the weapons are breaking so much
and I know this is what they were going
for but because they break so much
you're constantly switching weapons and
to me I wanted to master a weapon
through repetition
I love blood-borne you know you you've
mostly stuck with the same weapon over
and over in blood-borne and that led to
a familiar familiarity with the combat
system with that one weapon that's what
I was hoping for when I got the Master
Sword and I didn't get it
I'm glad I'm glad there's a new portable
line the wet ass yeah
Oh for me definitely breath of the wild
over over near automata but to be fair
I've only played near for two hours so
the the exploration in Zelda is it's a
far greater positive than any little
nitpick I can give it I can talk about
how I don't like the music I can talk
about how I don't like the weapon and
gathering and cooking system I can talk
about the weak enemy or the weak boss
battles none of that matters because
just exploring and Zelda is so fantastic
the fact that you can climb any mountain
and go anywhere you want from the
beginning of the game means it's an
absolutely beautiful experience I have a
ton of little things that bother me
about the game but none of that compares
to the mega compliment that is its its
exploration system so and you know
unfortunately I just did this right
before that we did horizon zero dawn so
I'm a little burnt out on open worlds at
the moment so I can't start another open
world game with Nier automata so this
game sounds like one of the greatest in
history from the jacks description I
it's a really fucking great game yeah
yeah it's really fantastic no game in
recent history has made me feel like
I've discovered stuff like this game has
you know like horizon zero dawn has a
ton of open-world stuff but all of the
areas felt copy-pasted from different
areas
going to the different areas and breath
of the wild felt new it it felt like you
were discovering something I can't
recommend it enough this is my house
there's me oh yeah you can get a little
plaques and put cool weapons up there
put the decorative ones try to get rid
of those and start storing good weapons
but it's your house you can do whatever
you want what capture card we are using
the Elgato what is this al gato
we use the Elgato Game Capture HD which
is an external capture card and so you
know I just plug the HDMI cable into the
capture card and then through USB to the
computer and then there's an HDMI out to
the TV an HDMI pass-through so the
Elgato Game Capture HD the reason I got
this one is because this also has an
analog in and so if we ever wanted to
like capture game footage from like an
older system or as we often have to do a
VHS we can do that that's why I went
specifically with this one and not like
a newer version looking past minor flaws
and enjoying game is what gamers do
looking past deep systemic flaws and
developer laziness is what fanboys do
well and that's the thing like you know
every game will have minor flaws how's
that Mass Effect doing it looks I think
um I think every game has little flaws
and I'm like I've said none of these
flaws are anywhere near the positives
but I think I think if anyone is going
to argue that this is a perfect game
they need they need to look inside
themselves
oh that new mass effect but and by the
way everybody I appreciate all of you
sending all of the Twitter clips of all
of the dumb things that are happening in
Mass Effect but you need to know that
rich does not check our Twitter I do and
I don't care about mass affecting I have
no concern of it right it's none of my
concern
I wash my hands a while ago and they are
tweeting at us at previously recorded a
bunch of Mass Effect stuff and I think
it's great I know you guys know that you
know rich has his thing with Mass Effect
but I checked the Twitter and I don't
care about Mass Effect at all
so what frog fractions is perfect well
if you're gonna talk about perfect games
well you know I'm trying to I'm kind of
like there I think there are examples of
like near-perfect games something like
portal portal is damn near perfect it
would be really hard to find a flaw in
portal sure so
well what what I'm saying is what rich
is saying is if you send us a physical
copy of Mass Effect we will destroy it
on camera
I would rather you gave that money to a
children's charity I'm not kidding I
don't want to have to destroy a bunch on
camera I don't want anything I want to
forget
Mass Effect ever existed here-here's I'm
sure we're at least Star Trek and Star
Wars had a child together yeah and then
Casey Hudson and EA games aborted it I
don't want to think about it it's too
fucking depressing here's here's what
I'm gonna say because I'm sure we're at
least going to get sent to one copy yeah
my plan for the video you know will give
the little introduction of why we're
destroying it yeah we'll find a way to
destroy it and every video will have a
link to a children's charity
we'll have we will have a little
description may you know may be in video
maybe just in the description of just
saying hey you know this this $50 $60
could have gone towards this charity
think about donating and that'll be kind
of the the in-between what do you feel
about that all right which has strong
feelings that's true
endo kromm says if you think Flat Earth
is weird to believe in check out the
stationary square earth theory what
stationary Square Earth theory some of
those they don't seriously believe them
but it's just take a look at the
evidence we see and you you you look at
it at a different way this can also be
valid
by the way like time cube is something
like that I think that's just a really
cool picture yeah looking at square and
stationary Earth theory from 1893 that's
just a really cool guy
I like that thank you and Oh crumb what
is Mike stansson switching to Premiere
Pro he won't Mike is a stubborn stubborn
old man in heels stubborn man he will
die editing to Final Cut 7 I've gotten
Jay it took me what five years to
convince Jake it took me five years to
convince Jay to switch over Jay is a
convert and we're there mike is gonna
take a lot more convincing what I can
only assume is eventually the software
will no longer function properly on a
modern computer because it will be so
you you can get you can get if you
really try hard enough you can get some
really old software to run if you try
hard enough yep nope so possibly the
next time Mike needs to upgrade his
computer the hassle of figuring out how
to install Final Cut will be greater
than the hassle of learning a slightly
dip oh there's a goat go see if you can
right then go for fuck's sake I just
wanna see if you can find the goat can't
believe it don't have better things to
do it's Zelda you could do whatever you
want I know I've heard really good
things about avid even you know what
even after a few patches I've heard
great things about a Final Cut Pro X if
you can get some supplementary software
with it I've heard that it works it
functions okay you cannot write a goat
well but you know switching from
Premiere Pro to Final Cut 7 is not that
hard you just need to find all of the
analogues like oh this is what it wasn't
Final Cut 7 this is what it isn't from
here and it just runs so much smoother
and one day it might happen but I am not
holding my breath
no like Mike will never stop editing
because he's so 7 what will happen is
Mike will we'll just keep an old-ass
computer and a slow ass program and
it'll just take him you know weeks to
edit what should take days because he's
a stubborn stubborn some a bitch I don't
say I just used to do it from here at FX
what am I missing out on avid I think
has I want to say avid handles the
processing of raw video smoother and so
I think it can go a little faster and
it's really just about whatever workflow
you know better many hearts do I have
one two three four five six seven eight
nine ten oh you have 12 hearts 12 great
adentro one two three four five six
either 11 or 12 it's hard to cut you
know it's not a very like I've got 12 I
think you have 12 hearts yes twitch just
did a big user interface updates so
twitch should look a little different
for everyone they are they are rolling
out new new stuff and more social
aspects so you know it's easier to find
be the stream that you're looking for it
twitches it's getting there there's
already a plan for six Power Rangers
films them whatever I yeah yeah whatever
I have no strong feelings really high
I'm excited I'm super hyped
I love cheesy action schlock I'm a big
fan of it
so as long as they can do that I'm okay
let's see here
the Irish nerd on twitch says hey Jack
and Richard just a tip for tips sake
keep up the great work leav as to the
worst Megan tastic thank you
yeah that's a great episode sorry for me
to tell them when inside out and set out
you know like it's it's it's not very
often that I can watch an episode
not having been any part of it yeah and
and I liked it and I finally got to meet
Freddie as far as what I've been doing
by the way
yeah I'm stocking up on arrows cuz I was
almost out in the maze okay so you're
selling a bunch of so I got I got 83 now
which is that's good for now yeah I like
to have 100 arrows are the are the
hottest commodity in this game you
cannot get arrows often in the wild and
right now I'm doing something else I
thought you were going to I'm going to
but I have to do something first
oh I wanted to be effective where is it
though it's down here oh it's back
behind you I know what you're talking
about it's on I want to say it's on the
other side of that rock yeah down that
path okay I know what you're talking
about
there's I have to worship Satan yep this
is this is Satan and Satan gives you the
ability to swap an upgrade in case
you've made a horrible decision you can
swap a stamina for a heart or vice versa
hundred rupees then the bargain is
struck
I will take your vigor to give you a
longer life
you are now indebted to me I will call
upon you when needed the whole sequence
of Cameron and the waitress was the best
that it was a good episode
and last time Freddie Williams was in
town I did not get a chance to meet him
and so we got to hang out the night
before the best of the worst
and like I didn't even hang I just got
to say hi but he was showing off a bunch
of his sketches for the Thundercats
meets the what is it Thundercats meets
their teams the number right yes we're
sure yes I and you know what 80% I
believe that 13 is the number you need
come what's he doing Thundercats versus
he man he's doing the you know he just
got done with the Batman versus Teenage
Mutant Ninja Turtles crossover the art
for that which is a fine book by the way
fine book I enjoyed it I love Freddie
Batman versus the TMNT or meets the TMNT
Batman slashed him and see whatever you
go on awesome he-man under cats yeah
this is lame well I'm not fuckin lame
I'm not into either of those franchises
so that doesn't mean anything to me and
of course you know he doesn't write the
books he just draws them I like the
he-man toys but like Prince Adam was
such a dork yeah I didn't I didn't care
much for Prince Adam the alter ego yeah
also I didn't much care for he-man as
strong as Superman no I don't want a
superhero I'm just give me a give me a
barbarian kick-ass that's all I wanted
so I wasn't completely into the cartoon
yeah there's better nothin I was a kid
I was a little I I missed the he-man and
and the Thundercats it's a there's a
problem when you're rooting for the
villains
alright Thundercats well so you know the
book you know I don't really care about
the book but I love seeing sketches by
professional artists and so this was
just all of his pencil and early inking
work on four pages from the books and
they were like his detail is phenomenal
in general I usually prefer a more
simplistic style especially in comic
books but but for both the Batman and
the Thundercats when he's going for a
hyper detailed like all the muscle
sinews and everything and it was it was
amazing just looking through all of his
sketchbooks he's great
what a you know what what a swell guy
that's Freddy so that was nice to see
that was nice to see Sara chances lost
woods tip be very very observant of your
surroundings when navigating the lost
woods also to successfully pull the
master stories you need a certain number
of permanent yeah just saying yes and
rich rich knew that even before I did
I just you hear things you hear things
you know unit 603 it says hey rich and
Jake just out of curiosity why did you
have to move your set up for doing
prereq and the streams also any plans to
play river city ransom underground well
the old said we didn't have a permanent
place to keep it up so it was a hassle
to set up every time that was one thing
you know you deal with that but we way
it was built we could not do a third
camera angle right so those are the two
reasons when when we started the show
when we started previously recorded the
the idea was to have a show that could
be produced completely outside of Mike
and Jay and that included just me using
my own cameras and so you know the for
the first maybe
ten episodes of the show if you'll if
you go back you'll notice that one angle
either me or rich looks really different
than the other camera because I was
using a kind of one standard camera and
one DSLR at the time and those are the
only two cameras I had and so then we
started building sets based off of using
only two cameras as we moved forward and
ended the show became more permanent at
your horse
remember to pet him after he kills an
animal we started to want that third
camera angle but then the set was built
around the two camera angles and we just
needed to make a call also like Rich
said our set needs to be put away our
set is not a permanent set and so just
putting the set together lighting it
properly getting the cameras set up took
longer than shooting the actual episode
and it was a huge pain in the ass and
then lighting it was always weird you
know because we didn't have a permanent
set up is the new way despised by the
way I don't think so I just think it's
it's dit you know it's different the
other thing is audio in the warehouse is
really fuckin echoey and so that took me
a ton of extra time editing to fix super
echoey audio you already failed because
the horse tiberias we do try putting
gaming knickknacks behind us and yes we
will get more gaming knickknacks as we
go on that's the idea is to kind of fill
the background with more gamey and
knickknacks so the audio is better in
here the we can get a third camera angle
the couch makes things a little more
casual and I really
look at it it's it's significantly
easier to light the way we lit the Zelda
that no one will see really works with
the two soft boxes by the way just the
two soft boxes on the back lights so
this is an easy enough puzzle I heard
somewhere the wind was a factor and made
glowing wind hmm so there's many there's
many reasons why we decided to move in
here and and so far it's worked out it's
just a lot easier to shoot in here and
you know we're just trying to get we're
trying to get the filming done faster
I'd listen to just prereq audio whatever
you do with cameras is secondary and
doesn't hurt the review well alright
I did see Neal Breen Neal Breen is
crowdfunding his next movie which should
worry you it worries me the the the one
thing you would really hate is for Neal
Breen to become self-aware I heard
something what I don't know hence why I
said something in that I heard this
specific thing alright I'm not saying
any more torches did I do something
wrong
where do I follow the things so yeah I'm
worried that Neil brains crowdfunding
initiative means that he has become
self-aware enough that he knows he's
making a bad movie yeah
not someone wrong but we'll see or maybe
he's just trying to capitalize on any
fame he has and you know just trying to
get money wherever he can we'll see I
was a checkpoint alright something
different might be going on here then
is Nintendo still dropping the license
Content hammer-on game reviews well
we'll find out well when this goes up we
will find out
from the deer don't get shoved out of
the woods that's a foot that's a fair
question
the magic deer I'm gonna say nature and
shit if I had to choose between ocarina
and Majora's Mask I'd probably go
ocarina only because I've never finished
Majora's Mask I didn't like the the
timed elements of Majora's Mask but I
you know what I haven't played it since
I was a kid so honestly I don't I don't
know maybe that's something we should
look back on is Majora's Mask do people
talk about Majora's Mask anymore
uh yeah people still like it okay I'm
suing this is just the way to go
I know Majora's Mask is the cult classic
that's the the one that everyone goes
that's the real good game but as a kid
coming from Ocarina I couldn't wrap my
head around it and then I just never
went back to it as an adult by the way
I'm not saying yes to o'erhead su Shu
what's his name what not saying what's
his face the inventory expansion guy
don't worry about it oh look at all your
friends are they specifically like other
more if you find more are these the ones
you found oh I don't know actually
that's a good question cool look at that
frame rate oh yeah oh great a lot of
things on screen right now rich we're
chugging
oh you know I'm a patient man we're
patient man
people love the thematic elements of
Majoris maybe you know what it's been a
while since we've done a retro a retro
review maybe we can go back to Majora's
Mask one of these days that'd be tough
after this I'll tell you it wouldn't
happen soon would you wanna do a retro
review on something you haven't played
before I haven't played it all Majoris
why not really I guess I don't have that
insight like looking back at that game
as a how did it hold up I don't have
anything like that so yeah I played this
and it's kind of dated by today's
standards Wow well you know yeah
compared to is is I enjoyed a lot of
ocarina because you know I enjoyed the
combat and so it's like you know coming
from ocarina as a kid I couldn't get my
head around this one as an adult what
does what does this do is it you know as
an adult gamer well have I bought you
crack seeds oh shit you got a ton let me
tell you motherfucker
I got all the seeds there max for any
particular type like can I have like 57
weapon slots and like expand the shields
twice and then not have room for
anything else is that a possibility well
what did they say how many how many cock
seeds are in the world is like nine
hundred four hundred I thought four
hundred and you know the more you expand
something the more seeds you need to
grind it so yeah I mean there's but if
you chose only weapon slots you could
probably do it as many times as you want
like I assume
then people are saying there is a man
wait max on each but you don't limit
other slots are you aware what the seeds
are are that's that's what Chandler J
333 wants it what are they
I assume they're seeds maybe we're
missing an inside joke I don't know
I'm curious it's a spoiler I don't give
a shit
Chandler what are the seeds I'm seeing
kids I'm seeing poops they're tree
fetuses oh whatever tiny bits of shit
the seeds are supposedly poop poop I'm
saying poop a lot Boop semen
Hey ah let's see here leftover beefcake
says here's my donation to the rich
destroys mass effect on camera for
charity fun lol compact my disc
anonymous is rich I love the point get
aboard how long did it take you to build
it
I don't remember specifically it was a
while wasn't quick it was not it was not
quick only because it was the design
changed right well there was those an
early failure that I am NOT taking any
of the blame for and why not rich well
Mike wanted to do a giant Plinko board
yeah I mean a Plinko board and a legally
distinct point get aboard yes I was
gonna build it well he went out and
bought the materials and no came back
from the Home Depot or at least I saw
the next day after he bought it and it's
just the dumbest thing he could have
done it's just the absolute dumbest
thing he could have done he bought these
sheets of plywood that were the heaviest
fucking sheets he could have gotten the
weight was amazing and instead of
getting like like one four by eight
piece just one four by eight piece he
bought four four by fours and somehow
I'm supposed to get tickets for heavy
4x4 boards nail them into a smooth
surface forget the fact that you're
gluing four of them together and the
fucking convergence is gonna be right in
the middle of the fucking thing had it
be smooth somehow and not collapse under
its own weight right and so I tried I
gave us an I gave it a really honest try
mm-hmm and the the frame I needed to
build the hold I forget how thick they
were or whatever they were wasn't it
wasn't like really thin light plywood I
was like some heavy shit I built this
big comically reinforced stand that it
would not hold the weight of these
boards once they were all nailed
together so so that's what took up the
bulk of it it's Mike
so I had to go pack it like I did the
smart thing you know I got a thin sheet
of plywood and then I built a frame
behind that so it wasn't wobbly yeah and
then the sides rather than being more
wood and heavy are just foam yeah that's
just in some foam insulation insulation
board right and then we went through a
seer
what the dropper should be debate raged
for weeks the the what sort of things
should we drop mm-hmm oh yeah well it
was just you things you'd think would
work wouldn't work right like hockey
pucks nope they didn't work they kept
getting stuck I don't remember what else
I tried I tried a bunch of different
puck shaped things like one of them I
think was like a rollerblade wheel
rollerblade we allow think I'm wasn't
technically a rollerblade wheel but I
better the hardware so it was like that
kind of wheel on its side that kept
getting stuck I every you tried like
gluing it to one of those like mover
like flat smooth moving smooth furniture
moving pad it kept getting stuck yeah
and then I'm like mom I was usable hours
and that work rate it all works
fantastic yeah and I need 17 coax Eames
get one more weapon you know what I need
weapons more often than I need shields
you know we're doing it the real Plinko
chips are stainless steel on the back I
think
interesting interesting
sorry chin says here's towards the
Majora's Mask 3d Fund the 3ds remake
fixes many things things and make makes
the bosses fights fun too it would be
neat that could be interesting just a
game I haven't ever really gotten no I
don't have much interested in honestly
well and we couldn't do it anytime soon
because all we would be thinking about
is this Zelda game very very different
well it's my least favorite Linc kid
Ocarina of Time link yeah yeah I want to
be a kid
I'll be a cartoony kitten winwaker and
adds cartoony that's fine but I don't I
be a kid like that
alright seven-year-old kid
Majora's Mask 3ds allows save scumming
then I'm in oh I've played Spirit Tracks
I I've played I've played so many
fucking Zelda games rich rich was
talking about the possibility of doing
like a like a ranking of all of the
Zelda games and then I'm thinking - all
the Zelda games I have played and in it
numbered 12 throughout my entire
lifetime with with all the mobile games
the DS games Oracle season Oracle of
time flink for Lincoln the Four Swords
just so the Minish Cap which all fun
games but they're there is so much The
Legend of Zelda that it some of it just
mushes together you know there's the
there's the Spirit Tracks and then there
is the the other one for the DS that was
a direct sequel to Wind Waker and I even
forget what that one's called which one
of the direct sequel to one Wicker uh
well the Spirit Tracks
no no Phantom Hourglass Phantom
Hourglass nice that was a that was a
great one and that would that was much
like The Adventures of link a direct
sequel and that happens right after her
Wind Waker they pluck you off your boat
Phantom Hourglass was great
so here tracks is almost sort of is
alright I'm gonna just sequel it's not
the same characters is the same
continuity same continuity but you know
what it all like I could never do a
ranking episode because they all just
blur together in my head and then you
know how do you compare something like
this to the original and how do you
compare those two handhelds and Oracle
of Ages and Oracle of Seasons are these
weird little games that are great but
they're kind of their own little thing
and like what about links away
kidding did you ever play Link's
Awakening yeah like they are these weird
little games and so it were right deal
the only easy one is Skyward Sword cuz
that just sucks
what oh hold on everyone
oh my god is the Dooku
it's Count Dooku
after 100 years
patience
they're putting out a little play for
you but you know let me know what would
happen alright so was it 13 or 14 I
think the chat confirmed that 13 was the
magic number okay I'm gonna be upset if
I die I'm gonna be sad it would be sad
test your might
sweet
it's great
the Master Sword yay look how much
cannon fuck your shit up
mizen here we like it we like the new
Zelda a lot yeah it's great we
wholeheartedly endorse the new Zelda and
for someone asking about the durability
facing anything but Ganon the the sword
will break after about five enemies ever
you confirm that can it can it handle
the robot enemies again ends direct
minions without one you know cuz you've
already done one the the the minions and
the beasts are Ganon they can so I can
handle those guys okay without breaking
it can handle Ganon without breaking the
the robots I don't know actually that's
a good question
can anyone on the chat confirm that
because I'm legitimately curious what
we'll do against the centuries but it
doesn't break it loses its magic and
will recharge after about nine minutes
so it never leaves your inventory but
you just can't use it for about nine
minutes
it strengthens against the Guardians
okay they're saying including Rollins
you talk again sweet oh great great
and it doubles and strength when you
face the robots interesting
oh I wonder that's a good question
do you think you can throw the master
sword when you throw your other weapons
you know no but it does try it
try it try it throw it yes what is that
let me see it again look at that is you
know what I didn't even think to throw
it that's awesome
cuz you're a dumbass I was no it's
because it broke white right away cuz I
used it on regular enemies and I was so
upset with how it broke that I don't
even think of throwing oh of course but
it only does that at full health
Oh Joel only does it at full health
that's great that's great classic poop
dick 5079 says the disaster artist
premiered at South by Southwest and
there's early talk of it being
oscar-worthy will something Tommy Wiseau
made indirectly win an Oscar the room
disaster artist book disaster artist
movie that'd be the perfect end for
Tommy Wiseau story wouldn't it really
well be Greg sestra though I guess he
wrote the bark if you tell me why so
sitting there on the sidelines
and that every great that'd be great
various I gotta find some blue B oh the
rabbit a picture that
okay okay
he's a weird-looking one got like a leaf
beard good all the leaf beard
look now I have to do I didn't work back
here
what oh there's uh there's a thing
nearby where where is it there's a
there's a temple or shrine there's a
shrine sure nearish not out that way I
want to say it was by um the guy who
expanded your village no vegetarians
ever stop that's my face oh that's
adorable
so in this elder are the core oak still
descendent of the kuru ki or sometime
light is bullshit
yeah it doesn't really matter doesn't
you know what it just doesn't really
matter we got we got some beats mm-hmm
sell the time line is canon it's also
bullshit yeah that's a lot of bullshit
it's it's it's it's slapped together
slap together unintentional those shades
an afterthought yeah it's like when
people argue over James Bond Canon right
it doesn't really matter
sorry chin says but for real rich I
think you would appreciate majora 3d yes
trust me wrong maybe you have we don't
know we don't know nothing
oh yeah no like I said it wouldn't be
anything anything in the near future
just because there's there'd be no way
we can jump from one Zelda to the other
but just something to think about
xx wow I can find them in the forest for
free the shrine is not in here
no it's by the guy who expanded your
backpack
now now what isn't here some Spears and
Sheila's pays to explore Jack I'm trying
to I'm trying to find you in the shrine
man that's my job
yeah no to the left no where you going
I'm gonna talk about a single first
census and I'm gonna do we wanted to
know whether the shrine was trying to
tell you where the shrine was you get
distracted oh I think I dropped one
earlier today yeah well a freezing rod
don't leave it you know freezing it
dropped it because I grabbed the
freezing sword so where's the shrine you
speak it okay turn around
Wow no are you talking to the guy now
you're just not you're just probably
hitting the button I was hitting the
button before you said turn around
purposefully not listening to me if you
turn exactly around and walk in the in
that direction there's the guy it's over
damn sure I think I remember it being
over there
that leave yeah all right all right what
time is it the time ish to stop you
won't do it will do trying dude you're
tryin and stop yeah sure Hamish how do
we do this yeah just about time thank
you Amy mine
current time in Milwaukee Wisconsin is
it's almost 10 o'clock central Daylight
Savings Time that is true that's crazy
that they added a little fraud bot
apparently not hack the fraud 5000 is
now they have competing BOTS rich
alright fraud bots can calculate the
current time in Milwaukee I think that's
great
not really calculate just state what the
carat diamond oh my god oh this is a
neat puzzle this one took me a while
alright alright so Jen says this tip is
just say I really enjoyed the time Ryan
pre the timeline pre Hyrule historia
things in tight Twilight Princess and
Wind Waker directly indicate which
timeline they lie in like how the
teacher skeleton in Ocarina of Time is
linked or in Twilight Princess
yeah like the the they say that like the
one who teaches you all the sword stuff
and Twilight Princess is you know the
hero of time it's you know what it is
it's it's bonus if you are fans of the
game
they're nice nods it's not especially
well thought out if you look at it as a
whole as a timeline it's a convoluted
mess it's of course but what it is is if
you're a fan of the series it's a bonus
oh that's cute it could work like that
as a fan of the series I kind of ready
to down just silly or irritating
annoying I know it's cute okay so we got
in numbers this is good this is good
1 2 3 4 5 it's cute it's like it's like
1 or 2 3 4 sorry about all the Pixar
movies are in the same timeline it's
cute question is how does it how oh the
number of times they appear on the wall
is the number so 5 1 2 3 4 5 my genius
one two its flipped no it's not flip
it's just turned all the way or three
you got that significantly faster than I
did it took me a really long ass time to
figure that out
you know why and I feel like good about
myself no you you know you saw I I
didn't notice the numbers on the side as
fast yeah yeah I was like wait a minute
wait a minute what's going on see - I'm
the man you-you-you nailed that one I
want to hit someone the Thorg
alright so the bonus the bonus yeah
alright this is easy enough so for
question is if I move those that's gonna
close or is this open forever and out
form
it was
I think I'm feeling jealous of the
Zelda's it's a really fucking good game
to the you know what one of the the
things that I'm liking so much about it
is how each each shrine is what would be
in a different cell the game just a
portion a dungeon and so it's just like
I'm less sure how I feel nothing I don't
hate it
oh I really I really like it because
what what it means is you are in control
of how you pace the game so like if you
really like the puzzle stuff you could
just go puzzle puzzle puzzle puzzle
puzzle if you're not so into the puzzle
stuff you can you could there's a bunch
of shit you can do in the meantime
instead of saying you're in a dungeon
you can't leave until you do all the
puzzles it puts more control in the
players hands right and and I I think
it's great I think it's great
I opened this took all the time open the
store I almost ran right to the monk oh
yeah after getting this open I almost
ran right to the monk oh I got a look
around got a look around for that no I
knew about this and you spent time
opening oh that's it how maybe you were
supposed to get here sooner I know where
to get two of those off of some hind
axes it's redundant redundant jack
all right well we're done what we're
done that just beat the trial
you did it you did it rich I did good
Sara Jen would like to say this -
dollars - the paypal takes way is for
rewarding rich with his logic puzzle
solving skills she doesn't say this she
just says also can't wait till Phoenix
right but kind of like the logic puzzle
solving skills you would need in Phoenix
right i we both enjoyed Phoenix right
it's been just we've we've almost ended
like five times
that's something or like Oh Josh wants a
stroke Josh yeah josh is gonna be around
but I can't defeat us right Jay's gonna
be every time we've legitimately planned
on doing it something has come up and
honestly what with Jack's tooth it's
true he wanted to Jack wanted you I said
I said no because I know his tooth is
not perfect and I'm worried halfway
through the stream is gonna be talking
and screaming it's Phoenix and I'll be
doing the low voice which will make my
teeth vibrate and they'll shake
something loose and then oh and then
we'd have to cut the stream short yeah
and you know what we're gonna you know
we're gonna try again on Sunday but then
you know like Jay's gonna come by no
matter what if something is like if Jay
comes by okay yeah we'll do a J stream
that's fine but at the very least it'll
be the very we're not gonna let up it'll
be the next one the next time we could
possibly do it either you're drinking
you and with every stream yes just in
case that's a reason we can't do that
because we need our special modded D s
in order to stream it we don't have that
we're restroom that's true Jack can't
show up what do you feel like doing
tonight I don't know Phoenix right oh
yeah we gonna fit no because we need the
thing we need this si we're gonna use
any BS it has to be the D s with the
special thing make JD voices he won't he
just won't you want Jay to come back
you gotta turn this into work JJ you're
gonna have to read what this saying and
he doesn't give her shit because he
doesn't care about the game and then
he'll be like bye we can have fun with
it but J doesn't give no fucks yeah
that's true that's true
bender and says okay we understand we
need to kill J no you crazy cuckoo heads
alright you know this game is even fun
to watch I love this game
it's a I absolutely love this game it's
so much fun to watch because I'm like
you know this time I got to see how you
handle challenges that I handed handle
yeah you do that differently
and you did some stuff I didn't even
know about like that that's awesome oh
that's gonna kick so much ass yeah I
wonder if this sword will still break if
you do that what the yellow hearts just
get yourself a yellow buffer and just
spam the shit out of it but I wonder if
the sword breaks if you had none
probably probably but if it doesn't
that'd be that's a nice cheese all right
now is the point of the stream in which
we thank all the people who subscribe to
us during this stream oh hey hold on you
guys should make makeshift multiplayer
one joke on each I'm not fucking up my
game for the sake of that Jack what's
going here with his switch I'm game but
mmm alright so we have double to deuce
polo juice bill la hecka for 33 fucking
months in a row
oh it's frayed it was afraid of 36 we
have nothing ready we have no idea what
we're going to do bill lacus as I was
hoping on my 33rd month anniversary we
do
playing Phoenix right now oh well
there's always my third and fourth
anniversary hopefully it'll be before
then I don't know I don't I don't know
what's going on with my tooth worries me
it doesn't like what it is right now is
sensitive like if I go like this I feel
it I guess I feel it my damn tooth oh
right
Harald fairhair says I want that juicy
Zelda fairy meat hauls variety pack for
twenty two fucking months in a row says
twenty two months in a row
oh god where is the unsubscribe button
where is it where is a too late cut
damage Inc easy 99 be lengthy Chernobyl
kinsman for twenty three fucking months
in a row animist prime it was prime evil
tricky and commander VX 135 says hope
things get better for you guys
Phoenix Wright will be hilarious another
night all he'll Cameron Mitchell lady
Denning 16 months some Oh slam Shaddam
fright uh sixteen months in a row
Hunchback Jack twenty two fucking months
in a row lah DZ's love you guys
Mario Mario forty two thirty three
fucking months in a row says no it's a
pain in the ass but we still need that
Halloween board game stream exclamation
point also to hype up chat let me know
about hashtag Project Hornet update I
sent ya we got some we got some notes we
got some notes what's up we'll talk
we'll talk laggin wagon and so ledian
says three months who cares
I want the pizza rolls I've been
promised you acts
menti cyanide crooked spiral says thanks
for all the great streams yeah welcome
kiddin
Derek Lloyd every 801 give us mu 19
months in a row keep this rag inscribe
20 fucking months in a row riot crew 33
oh Jesus fucking months in a row the
Irish don't which 14 months in a row
says the I though the Irish nerd on
Twitch makes much more sense it's like
what's the don't which is that a
sandwich you can't eat I missed the end
as Irish I saw Irish I think the end
blended into the humpy part of the age
my brain my brain dyslexia did and then
I had adult which after that the Irish
don't with the Irish er don't win so
it's a don't wish which that's more
Irish than the other don't which lack of
the axes
Misner 126 fucking months in a row says
I have no idea what to write here
darkness says another month is past and
more entertainment keep up the great
work
rich and Jack thank you thank you oh
let's see here Lindsey yo yo yo miss
toots says hi jack hi rich I'm playing
horizon right now I love it glad you
guys mostly liked it - we did beer
Meister 20 89 for 18 months in a row
yeah I forgot when fucking started
beer Meister 2089 says I'm staying up
until midnight tonight to launch a new
website at least there's overtime no way
I don't get paid overtime fuck my life
oh my god router sorbents and thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
thank you we really do it's true and
you're looking for the thing you like of
a thing so okay a nice night
