May 21, 2017
Ziggurat
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/153856562
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/153861092
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PY_hcSkJ8GI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a7YbVqJcuCU
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/866364110900011012

[Part I]
sorry if if you're utterly utterly
confused about if we've showed up for a
second they don't know that we did I
have not seen anybody say anything about
us showing up for a second oh ma man
there you go now we're just confusing
them yeah great
um fresh yep hey every everybody we were
having some issues because I got one of
those fancy Elgato stream deck dealies
so we could do wonderful things with the
stream and we were having some hot key
issues hockey streaming in the city hot
key streaming in the city and back of my
neck getting rather better half
soup top give it a dupe dump flub adapt
up dooba dooba to dupe dub now we're
here now we can't hear our desktop audio
that's weird right there we go it's all
fine it's all fine how's everyone doing
this fine day I think it is a fine day
rich okay you should be able to hear
game audio now yep rich I should this
should I'm just sayin theoretically they
should be able to hear game audio hi
welcome everybody
where's Jay he's probably preparing to
watch Twin Peaks in like 45 minutes er
in four minutes I think twin peak starts
in four minutes
anybody say Jay was gonna be around
every confused like but I'm saying even
if Jay was thinking about coming tonight
the answer would be no twin peak starts
today right hi they're doing that slowly
- you can't bench that can you nope oh
and which is why which is by what I'm
not going to watch it right away I'm
gonna wait - the whole season is done or
close to being done then start paying
for show time so I could watch it all
and then immediately stop paying for
Showtime I don't you can do that yeah
the whole doll baby back we're at Twin
Peaks guy we're gonna get ass non-stop
Twin Peaks questions that's true that's
true
that's true of the you know what the
problem is I have too much stuff to
watch tonight you know they just
released season three of Kimmy Schmidt
oh this out now it's it's out as of
yesterday I think okay so they just
released that new sense eight is out
which is fabulous Fargo is happening
right now there's too many good things
to watch at the moment the handmaidens
tail just started mmm and you have to
buy everything you have to buy all the
things if you want to watch the thing
Neil Gaiman is American Gods started and
so you need stars you need Hulu you need
Showtime you need some sort of basic
cable subscription so you can watch FX
and you need Netflix in order to just
keep up with all the amazing shows
what's on FX twin P nebula no not Twin
Peaks Fargo okay
Fargo the Fargo's on FX Legion was on FX
Fargo's amazing too many fucking streams
to a fucking things you got to subscribe
to it's insane
yeah what's what Star Trek Discovery on
it what is Star Trek discovery I think
the CBS streaming network that nobody
wants to buy because it's CBS right
no one by the way I have seen the Star
Trek Discovery trailer it did almost
nothing for me right absolutely nothing
oh it showed me how ugly those Klingons
were how about that focus a lot on these
two characters who seem kind of bland
we got we got the gun we got that yep
so I just taking a moment to rebind
where's the diverse crew yeah it's
where's the weird alien science officer
you know where's the holographic doctor
is it pre-cool where's the robot Butler
there's a robot Butler no there should
be though shit in there yes there
absolutely should be a robot Butler just
not as far as data you can't handle that
kind of stuff yeah he wants to help
Starfleet so he's glad to clean up the
floors oh that would be great look
everything looks ugly the Klingons what
the fuck are they doing rich what are
they thinking I don't know what they're
thinking what are they thinking like the
Klingons and make them look like generic
shit
honestly they look like a rounded pieces
of shit and I know that in the in Star
Trek v original series the Klingons were
basically dudes in brown face yeah they
didn't have the fun little spiky horns
and so I think they're thinking is let's
try to find a bridge between brown face
and spiky whoa but the answer is no in
any case they would have hair I believe
everyone it bulb that's a great question
it's a great question rich okay hey guys
before we get too deep into Star Trek
that's all to talk about well we're done
oh oh yeah I suppose uh we could talk
about I'm not just the Klingons about
how everything in that series looks ugly
it does that one shot of the bridge I
would fucking kill myself if I worked on
that bridge
seeing that shit every fucking day that
cold industrial bridge
yeah it just looks kind of bland it's
going to if this is a CW now app show or
whatever it's not gonna have the budget
of a big show right and so they're gonna
but like the shit on the flash looks
halfway decent you know no start tricks
about discovery where every episode when
they find some new weird paying it's a
different adventure yeah this looks like
it's like one long boring Klingon MIDI
series with ugly Klingons yeah yeah
you're especially gonna be a special guy
no give a shit go fine though explore
the wormhole tell me what's in the
fucking wormhole hey hey hey nebula go
find a nebula maybe it does weird shit
there weird science mystery what are
what he's hallucinating about bats I
don't know maybe you find a robot Butler
you're special and you're gonna go on
your Klingon adventure I don't give a
fuck I do big for Star Trek I tuned in
for Star Trek that's right that's right
there we go okay so rich after we
started a streaming strife strife we're
doing for our next episode yeah my next
previously recorded so we've been
playing a lot of strife someone tweeted
at me and said hey strife wasn't the
first first-person-shooter roguelike on
the scene yeah zigu rot okay and I like
play this this shit's way better and it
was on a humble bundle okay pay what you
want with this steam world hice and some
fucking ship game right yes so plopped
down five buckareenies because you know
I could have paid a buck but I like
paying for games plopped down five
buckareenies and I got this and
immediately I said this is a fucking
wizard game there is no way that a wand
is gonna feel as good as a shotgun you
lied to me you son of a bitch okay I
can't wait but then I played it a little
bit yeah and it's actually not that bad
right as long as you can mentally take
that wand out of
had to get a mild so like hey you know
it's need yeah and so then you get four
different weapons you get your you get
your wand
you got a bolts I got I got snow bolts
and it's a first person shooter
roguelike and it's really decent
something I'm I'm actually always really
excited about is the amount of enemy
variation uh-huh very nice very nice the
enemy variety throughout the millennia
many apprentices have witnessed with
delight the mystic and unexpected
vegetable rain however their smiles have
been quickly erased from their pale
faces when they discover that those
adorable carrots are actually Mandrake's
trying to pop their eyes out oh my god
oh there's killer carrots in this I
don't like that's one of the enemies
I'll see if we can see one oh yeah if
there's a look at Isaac a carrot oh that
looks neat yeah he's adorable
Mac get out here look at those guys
wonderful so basically it's a first
person shooter roguelike with really
interesting enemies and fun upgrades and
also it has a system of you can even
shoot their greens yeah yeah you can
shoot the bolts it also has a system of
unlocks as you progress so like as you
go through and dying
yeah it'll you can do stuff it unlocks
like new cards for you again okay Steve
okay so anyway anyway I'm how old is
this old dish old dish yes this is more
this is definitely more 3d Binding of
Isaac
you can only use your wand and increase
one am talking well that doesn't matter
now look at these look at these adorable
Skellington love them I need to check
this up you by the way really need to
check this out it's not bad it's not bad
and if the Humble Bundle still going on
you can get it for a song with
steamworld heist which I know you don't
care about but other people might was
still going on I might be chat is the
Humble Bundle still going on for this
and steamworld heist and the ship game
up fuck you I thought I killed you
harpies 7 2 4 9 says hey guys read my
tip first hubba hubba hubba hubba hubba
hubba
ok what Jack why why does the Seth
MacFarlane Show look better than Star
Trek discovery well because he got more
of a budget I'd like to I'd like to be
snarky and whatnot but he he that man
has made a lot of money and so his show
actually has a budget and they can they
can afford to spend okay so I hate to be
a downer
but you know a parrot here's here's my
problem with the seth macfarlane show i
think a parody Star Trek would be great
mm-hmm
as we've talked about like Space Quest
is a fine movie uh and I would love to
see that I just hate him I hate looking
at Seth MacFarlane I don't necessarily
hate him I look I think he's funny I
don't like looking at him I've had some
fun watching family guy I don't like
looking at him yeah
that's my only problem yes he's doing
he's doing a live action Star Trek
parody show yes for anyone who doesn't
know do you know what that's called
Orvil or something really weird like
that like a name yeah I see I saw I saw
someone go go off and say like it has
nothing to do with budget he actually
cares about it but he is also someone
who can get a budget for the things he
cares about I think it's a bit of it's a
little bit of potato potato there why
wouldn't you give a new Star Trek
shuttle budget though especially when
you want people to buy your shitty
streaming service right listen look at
this up I don't know if it's to me I
know that it looks like it has a low
budget Star Trek Discovery just looks
like it's got some really fuckin shitty
production design
velociraptors oh and I don't care about
captain Beck captain who's special and
she's gonna save do the Klingon story I
don't wanna I don't want a season-long
Klingons story up I want I want a Star
Trek you kill you damn it
here it
Star Trek might just be done it just
probably dying it would merit they had a
really good run had a really good run
really a quality capital run
uh yeah
nice least beyond those decent Star Trek
beyond was very decent was that the fan
made one no that was the third JJ movie
that didn't have JJ oh yeah P on was
good beyond was a good movie
I enjoyed that only they let the Alien
franchise die with some dignity
oh they missed their chance in that 15
years ago I was gonna say as far too
late for that
do you remember alien vs. predator at
this point the Alien franchise is far
more undignified than dignified yes yes
shit that shit started when they when
they cloned Sigourney Weaver alien 4 was
a gosh-darn mess and I know Jay has a
soft spot for alien 3 but that's where I
checked out and then you know I still
watched alien 4 because you know why not
purple key great
great so have you seen I haven't seen it
if you're saying alien covenant
she even planned do no no I have no I
have no plans to I know no and you know
I'm I'm not an apologist for Prometheus
yeah but I'm in the boat where it was
like oh it was a decent movie that just
fell apart in the third act yeah still
has one of the greatest horror scenes
ever in Prometheus the the birthing
scene but you know I like I didn't think
it was that bad I know Prometheus got a
lot of hate from a lot of people and you
know I didn't think it was the gosh-darn
worst
so so but you know it definitely didn't
like get me super amped up for the new
alien Yoona Cinematic Universe and I
don't much care for Danny McBride who's
in the movie so I have no I have no
strong Inklings to watch it
I will almost certainly not watch alien
covenant yeah yeah yeah you're more of
an alien's person yeah and this is
supposed to take cues from alien right
even if it were more like aliens event
been there done that
I'm sick of the alien I think I'm just
sick of the alien mm-hmm that's fair
you know rich totally fair you want to
be all done with the alien yes I do I
really do
that's fine how much is Nina morphe do
we need in our life I mean it's it's an
animal it's just it's just not that
interesting it's not it's not 8 movies
interesting ha ha ha
you laugh that's my where they're at
that's what I laugh sometimes rich I
just laugh when you make so much sense
that it's hard for me to believe that no
one else has had that thought before yes
alien aliens
Oh alien 3 the Sigourney Weaver clone 1
yep alien for resurrection resurrection
yeah um was next one alien vs. predator
was a the very next one yes alien vs.
predator alien vs. predator 2
yep Prometheus yep and yeah Covenant 8 8
shit fucking 8 Alien movies shit rich
nice
eight alien movies can you believe just
the most original monster and creature
design in 30 years
totally not interesting haha come on
rich don't jump that sharp we've seen it
eight times it's not new and original
anymore it's old and played out and and
by the way rich is also not counting the
slew of comic books video games other
material with the alien and it's true by
the way the alien has a great design
right fucking great and iconic design
yeah well it's a great design but but
this would be like doing an entire
series dedicated to the backstory of the
shark from Jaws right like we it's just
shit we don't need
you know you know a serious downside of
ziggurat is no strafe jumping I get I
got really used to that sideways speed
up strafe jump in strife so I started
playing this and there's no strafe
jumping I don't really use strafe
jumping that much I never like hopping
around like an idiot nephew I know a lot
of people love that as a skill yeah we
know I'm not a fucking rabbit they want
to be a fucking rabbit it just felt good
like we know here it is
alright here's that here's the being
boss and boss not as old and worn out as
Star Trek look I'm okay if Star Trek is
dead if they finally run out of ways to
retell Star Trek
yeah I'm fine if they just leave it be
I'm not gonna I'm not gonna cry
a crime they keep releasing shit that's
what will make me upset but I think you
can do more with Star Trek as a concept
than you can with LEM which is just a
neat monster design doesn't mean
creature that's not that's not an eighth
movie series to be son got you I'm with
you so levels in this procedurally
generated yes yep
and yes we are we are planning on going
to we are planning on reviewing strife
we are planning on it will probably film
sometime this week yeah yeah so I
thought like playing this playing a
different version of a FPS roguelike
would be good and I kind of dug it so
that's what I felt like playing maybe
like if if we get sick of this we'll
play a little strafe later but there's
this one frozen soul hellish Ember well
you got to have hellish Ember right hmm
I mean come on
hellish em bah see we got here
that's not an enemy or is it an enemy
laughs then rearrange these slightly
these tips just so I can dig enough
switch topics and then switch topics
back okay j.r.r Lovecraft says if an
alien facehugger impregnated the
three-toed sloth but the alien sloth
actually hunt anything or would have
just burst out and hang around with the
other indigenous laws these are the
important questions I think what was it
taking on a different shape based on
what kind of animal was that was that
invented with the Prometheus uh well
actually covenant did that right or was
a no wait three had like the dog alien
oh yeah I guess it's been around for a
while the dog alien no we'll probably
run around murder everything no matter
what it is where it comes out of yeah we
just looked at a slightly sloth like
maybe it would move slowly but oh wait
how great available
Namah so hey rich have you seen the Rick
and Morty
alien spoof season 3 is gonna be great
jack I will be getting on a nine-hour
flight a few weeks
besides packing rich what 3ds games do
you suggest for a nine-hour flight ooh
first off I've seen the alien spoof that
wrecking ball ready did oh yeah yes
sorry that's not sick I am of alien Wow
all right and you like your kid Morty
yeah yeah yeah oh I'm sorry
fine so with any with any sort of with
any sort of long flights like playing
video games for a long period of time is
actually pretty difficult because you
know you're in your seat and you sell
out it's a lot like this I thought that
was the selling point of the switch you
can take your big Zelda game and bring
it anywhere with by the way with the
switch you can because you don't have to
hold on to it you put it on so dog okay
and I'd switch but he's got a 3d so he's
got to be like this the whole time
right ah that's you know so basically
you you want something that you can you
know have the ability to put down at any
time something that you're not going to
get super investigate check out that
steam world heist if you haven't played
that yet you know really fun missions
engaging world easy to play through but
also you know you can just play one
mission
that'll lasted like 20 minutes and then
you can put it down for a little bit
look around stretch your legs okay
that's the port of gansta
just a monster
or you know I don't look into how well
Isaac The Binding of Isaac plays on the
3ds I think I heard somewhere that Isaac
is pretty broken on the 3ds yeah I'm
sorry I don't have I don't have it on
the frame so fucking sorry
you should be rich seven of Borgnine
says hey guys just watch escape from New
York and they live for the first time
this weekend oh wow how would you rank
the John Carpenter movies you've seen I
absolutely adore Big Trouble in Little
China yeah yeah I mean that's kind of a
no-contest situation right damage
I'd love to disagree with you on this
just for the sake of argument that is
number one yeah um what are we are we
guys I got the same thing I'm gonna
Halloween oh yeah you know what I'm not
huge on Halloween yeah I'm not huge on
Halloween but the thing I'm not a horror
guy but I can recognize that Halloween
is a quality oh sure sure not saying
it's not quality but like just compared
to all of his other stuff I probably I
would definitely take they live and or
escape from New York over that yeah um
you know what about vampires
I never I've never seen hampire I think
I saw part of it where's Jay when you
need him
watching Twin Peaks we already answered
that question what about what about oh
yes when he did Christine - I was admire
the effects work he did on Christine
well I guess it wasn't him personally
but just the effects Burke in general
the car the car repairing itself that
effect is just so so simple right
because they just found a way to smoosh
it from the inside
right they didn't need to like do a
weird CGI art thing they just they just
ruined the car and filmed it you know
played the film in Reverse yeah you know
that's great and it looks like it's it
looks like it's preparing itself
I totally forgot he did Christine 30
hell nope huh nope yeah I don't have
like a ranking in my head
definitely though Big Trouble in Little
China man masterpiece gosh-dang
masterpiece big trouble little Justine
is worth worth seeing I know I need to
see the thing you do I know I do I've
had this conversation many many times
I'm not gonna go over him and and you
doing you know you do how do you get out
here talking Karen oh that's right John
Carper also did star men which oh yeah
Jeff Bridges you haven't seen that
oh you haven't it's it's you know what
you might not like it but it's adorable
why wouldn't I like it it's a little
mushy it's a little it's a little SH
multi let Sara Lee hate mushy okay it's
it's it's slightly schmaltzy and if
you're okay with schmaltz I think it's
adorable
okay okay Starman starring Jeff Bridges
and some bitty who's in that what what
biddies in that who knows
that wasn't that wasn't Lois Lane wasn't
Margaret Kidder no marker critter was
wasn't in many things right I know I'm
thinking of the lady from Karen Ellen
that's right Karen Allen Indiana Jones
Marion that and that's who I was
thinking of I was thinking of Karen
Allen who was only in that and Scrooged
right but her three movies yeah for now
with the other Indiana Jones well she's
right poor Toki
like how do you feel about they live I
love they live I think they live as a
fantastic premise yeah
and it's it's an amazing scene I know
that seems they live of course it's
really fucking amazing yeah
they don't really know what to do with
it though it they live is an X is a is
brilliance in padding
I don't know that it's brilliance it is
it's absolutely brilliant like it
manages to be somewhat engaging even
during the padding but it is very padded
it is it's such an amazing premise that
fight scene is great rowdy rowdy is
great they live as a fantastic 20-minute
short film
yeah it's a fantastic 20-minute short
film but edit the fucking living shit
out of that yeah put it on the remake
list um you know what I'd be done with
that right I'd be done with that put it
on put it on the list of things that we
need remain what's Apple is oh right
right so just just for that reason I
they live is not nearby my top of John
Carpenter films yeah it's not it's and
it is for me just because I think I I
think it's so I think it's something
that people need to see you know it
would be if it were 20 minutes short I
got love I got love for for they live
that tells you what come on get there
get there get there dick
can't you jump yeah jump over the fire
bounce fireballs to hit you still not
okay is John carbon we're still alive
yes yes shockingly he's a very old man
well he's he's gonna the thing with John
Carpenter is uh he's looked like an old
man
for the last 30 years that is very true
that that that man looked looked 80 when
he was 45 maybe that's it then maybe
he's not at all he is an old man but
he's just not much old Regan's he's
finally his actual age is finally
catching up on face hahaha second I can
understand if you saw a picture of John
Carpenter for like twenty years ago and
you thought there's no way he could be
alive now right but he was only 50 then
so how true rich how true riches spittin
truth here
I'd go on it
Jack how do you feel about people who
get anal about the name roguelikes
because not enough like the game rogue
um do you think they did you just shut
the fuck up I do I know you used to get
really a Mel about roguelike no I didn't
oh yeah we had that conversation I got
annoyed with the people who were being
anal oh it really means it's like Gatsby
just likes game Roget if it's that
nearly identical around no no not a
rogue or say in some of the early
episodes you were you were complaining
about because I've know cuz I have no
attachment to rogue I almost certainly
would not have complained about that but
yeah I think they're being dick is like
this is the thing that has stuck and the
definition of roguelike is not
necessarily games like rogue anymore the
definitions can change over time people
I might have pointed out that people
were saying that was the thing okay I
did not share that opinion
oh well then then you're fine okay then
you're fine man yeah I think I think
they're just being a little too a little
much you know like go with the flow you
you I think the problem is they lost
that battle and they're not willing to
admit that they lost it yet
yeah but you lost man
bad gamer Koreans say wrench I recently
watched big trouble of new China hey
should but didn't get what the big deal
was
fuck you know sorry that was me but it
sure wasn't bad but not sure why people
love it so much
what makes it so special either either
get what they're doing or you don't
you're either either buy into Kurt
Russell being this boob who thinks he's
the protagonist when he isn't oh you're
like why is our hero so stupid those are
the two ways you react to big trouble a
little China I know what I guess I could
see that yeah someone's just not
understanding just like but but the hero
so stupid it's a joke of course he
spends half the final battle like with a
a soldier on top of him and he can't get
out he's just stuck down there I know
that's exactly the point the whole fight
everyone's jumping around and doing kung
fu' but he's got this guy this thick
heavy armor trapped on top in the entire
confrontation with that oh god what's he
what's his name low pain the Lightning
guy the the no the big guy the bad guy
low paying right oh yeah I did that
entire fight confrontation he's got Kim
controls lipstick smeared all over his
face just looks like an idiot I know oh
god I love Big Trouble in Little China
David lo pan Thank You Chad hello Pam
that's great movie great movie
nope
there be treasure there be treasure at
the end of this jumping trial it might
be worth it and it might not be worth it
epic chase the X 9000 everybody who seen
Big Trouble in Little China damn well
knows that it inspired Raiden in in
Mortal Kombat right the lightning guy oh
yeah basically revved wholesale from Big
Trouble in Little China the Lightning
guy with the straw hat yeah he was great
yeah
yes worth it never mind totally worth it
totally worth it yes I think with Big
Trouble in Little China you either get
and love the joke or you don't
hmm if the fact that Kurt Russell's
gonna be a boob the whole movie doesn't
do it for you then you're not gonna like
the movie yeah cuz that's what makes the
movie so great it's just great
I know I've been in here before but now
I'm looking for barrels I just got the
upgrade where I can regenerate health by
destroying things and so I'm looking for
things to destroy because my health is
very low it's typical typical pyc says i
tried to watch Big Trouble in Little
China I fell asleep all right all right
shame shame now okay that's fine you
like what you like it's all fun yeah
yeah
destroy you know you guys seen prey I
don't have time to get into prey I just
don't have the time I'm sorry you can
keep talking about it for the next
thirty streams and you know what it
looks pretty good I've the reviews are
coming back they're pretty good we
really like Dishonored - I'm sure we
would like it there's there's just
things man there's so many things don't
have the time to sync myself into an
epic 40 hour game or however the fuck
long it is I just don't yeah I
understand there's all sorts of things
that's not even a knock against it I got
I got shit going on yep
yeah that's the thing rich that's the
thing who got shit going on today jack
yeah I had to go to the zoo you uh I had
to go to the you that you did by the way
I know there's actually storm obligated
that was that was the thing you had to
go to the zoo Karen Karen had a thing
going on
zoo with the zoo yeah and I was
obligated to go with her yep oh yeah you
want to say no to Cara's were a couple
you want it you want to call up Karen
and be like rich can't do that cuz he
has to play a video game uh-uh I'm not
doing that she had some kind of work
work good together yeah at the zoo zoo
zoo work good together that's a common
occurrence yep like a shit poison I'm
sorry jack it's alright that's alright
there's barrels in here and barrels help
me right now well while we were while we
were there at the zoo at the zoo looking
at the animals and shit chat chat sing
remove skeleton yeah
well that's ironic because body world's
now has an animal exhibit cause I
fucking love body world's if you if you
don't know what body world's is be
prepared there is a creepy German man
gunther von hoof and for something
that's it and he takes dead people
actual dead people actual dead people
and he shoves a bunch of plastic into
their veins and he turns their corpses
presumably after they're dead and then
he poses them and dissect them like they
were fucking sculptures yes and so you
can go to museums and other places and
see human beings with their muscles
perfectly intact with all of their skin
ripped off these are not statues these
are these are these are louvers that
have been saturated in plastic yeah it's
the most disturbing fucking shit and if
it wasn't for this plastic corpse
Tess yeah I am fully convinced he would
be a serial killer sure sure
and now he's doing with that with
animals and this is what they had going
on at the zoo
today I got a you know what I gotta go
to the zoo cuz I love that shit by works
is the weirdest shit I saw half giraffe
half skeleton yeah today an actual half
giraffe half skeleton nose man that was
not artificial apparently his the the
people who he he does this to have
signed waivers and kind of like donating
your body to science they have donated
their bodies to art I saw horses
intestine post next to the horse that
the intestine came from isn't it
gorgeous
I remember saying a fucking nightmare to
hell they had one at the Milwaukee
Public Museum a while back yeah and they
had like it was a cross-section of a
normal person and then this morbidly
obese person and it just showed like
like how much their insides were being
uh crashed and it was like it was like a
it was like one of those cross sections
that an artist would do is so cool ah
the bodies are weird and I love it our
bodies are so fucking weird so it's neat
it's neat you do if you want to see this
what's the Milwaukee zoo calls it's
called the Milwaukee's just got the
magazine it's I think that's going on
Dalls sometime in September oh yeah yeah
man this is neat it's there now did you
ticket go to the zoo go to the zoo do
you have to pay anything extra for that
alright ten bucks extra
yeah yeah yeah they usually have a pay
extra bullshit thing get out of here I
can't shoot those things
which one's the main lady that I'm gonna
die nope that's not the main lady I'm
gonna die
let's say things like that's like you
know I couldn't spend all day today
playing pray right I had to go to the
zoo I had to go to the zoo
do you understand that shit I had to go
to the zoo pay 10 bucks to see inside
dead things yeah and it's gorgeous it is
just gorgeous on one hand it's need on
the other hand it just makes me think of
the horrible inevitability of death and
the indignity of dying and then you've
just somebody's fucking statue yeah but
you you're dead you won't care knew him
I'm looking at this corpse because they
had they had some actual people there it
wasn't all animals say it's taking this
guy taking his face off then his brain
is coming out sick that was somebody's
fucking aunt uh-huh and now they can
still see auntie Magoo pin ripping her
face off rip their goddamn face her
brain is falling out of her head yeah
you're welcome
that'll be $10 to see auntie McMurphy
her you can get to see your aunt actual
brain oh that's as a fucking nightmare
oh this is a neat gun their guns not
wands to me by the way tell us a scary
story previously the court of life uh
Body Worlds has an exhibit at the
Milwaukee zoo called inside out mm-hmm
there you go there's your scary story
your scary story is one one day you're
gonna die and if you sign the right
piece of paper we can see your insides
afterwards that scares the good Jeepers
out of rich why if I donate my body to
science I want somebody to fucking learn
how to do open-heart surgery I don't
want to be an art installation okay well
here's the thing rich here's here's
here's my here's my counter argument for
that yeah someone sees this art
installation and it's all these weird
body parts and they become
fascinated with the human body end up
becoming a doctor and becoming a heart
surgeon because they got to see what our
insides were like and that's science
motherfucker they became fascinated by
it okay so I I think it's neat I think
it's neat how our body is a big jumble
of blood and shit and it works how do
they work sure it is but staring at some
of these actual veins is just unsettling
no enough ow I like it I think it's neat
I think it's neat because it's so weird
digs it ah digs it all right where we
are it's a meat machine that's a gene Oh
suave that we we live our consciousness
resides inside a meat machine and yet
it's fascinating
yep a meat machine that is run off of
consuming other meat that's how why look
looking at anatomical illustrations
that's interesting looking at an actual
corpse though that's posed and prepping
its flesh off that's just sad it just
makes me sad um I mean I'm into it I dig
it I dig it when I thought when I saw
Body Works when they were at the
Milwaukee Public Museum they had like
the they had the fetal room yeah and it
was actually like cordoned off like it
was one of those be warned this is some
serious shit it was like behind a
curtain and you had to like sign an
extra waiver to go in because it had
fetuses you know from from a week old to
a couple months old all the way up until
you know nine months yeah and it was so
cool to see that but you know I can see
a lot of people being really disturbed
because obviously these were real
fetuses at one point right but uh man
it's so neat you guys are all gonna
think I'm a psychopath now but I just
think our bodies are fascinating
nonsense the bag says hi both hello jack
yeah I'm Jack did you ever get a chance
to listen to or read sleeping giants oh
no I said I have it I have it on it's on
my my to read lists and unfortunately I
have not gotten around to it yet you
mentioned you done with it a while ago
I've since listened in not bad
oh no they they enjoyed it oh good yeah
it's supposed to be very good I did not
want to be here yet I did not want to be
here yet rich go home I can't I can't
leave I don't think I can leave actually
in mom I could this is procedurally
generated two other levels the same
it's procedurally generated okay I mean
the red background before the bat room
whatever that's flying flame bats
whatever the fucker was your shoot man
well some enemies are the same but I
remember that I thought that broom is
the same but I could be wrong you know
I'm sure the rooms look similar but
they're in different orders is there is
there some if what I'm getting at is
there a significant amount of variety uh
you know what there's a significant
amount of variety with the enemies and
that's what's really important also a
lot of the rooms are like trapped rooms
or puzzle rooms yeah but like look at
this guy
look at him I got fucker he's great yeah
yes yeah I'll agree to that harpy's get
out of my shit get out of my shit
harpies
Admiral poopy pants soupy pants hey guys
I should befriend space cop they loved
it yeah my gay friend found Mike super
cute Oh No
okay I'm glad somebody enjoyed that
movie
somebody somebody not rich Evans it's
fine
as Karen seen it yet she wants to it I
don't want to watch it with her I can't
stand watching myself on camera I'm
gonna have to eventually just like throw
a copy of a movie in the room where she
said there's got to go somewhere else
yeah oh man I'm gonna die on the first
fucking level and I have a cool weapon -
I didn't want to be here yet I didn't
want to be here yet Huff Hardin says hey
guys
rich impressive recognition of Frank
West from the best of the worst episode
yeah you were way up on that have you
all seen the documentary I know that
voice about voice-over artist I've heard
it I am nuts I've heard of it I have not
seen it have you seen I know that voice
no no I'm sure I have none we have not
we have not sorry rebel bases did you
guys catch pixel Titans straight stream
where they gave advice on helping people
have better rooms there's hidden health
packs and you can shoot the door to open
it faster opening the door has never
been a problem open yeah I got that
fucking room cleared before I go to that
door you want to find all the things
you know and I'll tell you what I an
issue I was having with strafe you know
I beat strafe yeah overall like I'm
alright with it I still have not
mustered down whether or not I will
recommend it at the end of the review I
need I need I need some serious thinking
time I'll tell you what but here's my
problem
well what everybody real rush what to do
it well oh no I just I I basically I
just need to sit down and like hey yeah
I I literally just have not given it
much thought
yeah um here's my problem with it as a
roguelike the secrets were they are very
obtuse I finally found one unlike
accident the hidden weapon rooms I know
I was a bunch of shields in there I
didn't find any hidden weapon rooms oh
you didn't know
they have mega weapon room how do you
find these things you know ever
something it's not just shooting the
wall I probably would have found more
they okay so they have rooms in in the
first area yeah Icarus in Icarus where
if you throw a barrel at the right wall
it will break the wall open and it has a
mega weapon in there yeah you're
supposed to see them by when you rush
into a room there's a little orange bug
that will skitter around and then crawl
under and area never seen this I have
never seen one of those bugs ever okay I
have accidentally thrown a barrel at the
wall and opened the right door
I have never seen a bug never ever and I
am at 40 plus hours a spawn every run
yeah
what is the mega weapon different
they're different weapons they're like I
had one that was uh like temporary
weapons are like this is a permanent
upgrade it's a temporary weapon and so
once you run out of bullets they're gone
but like I've had some really fun weapon
yeah some really great weapons not like
some of the weapons you get later on oh
no like I had a and I had a cannon a
literal cannon it shot a cannonball that
rolled down the floor and crushed people
it was really neat huh yeah
um but but that that's what I was saying
so like so I started doing several runs
where I would I wouldn't even I wasn't
even trying to beat the game I would
just try to run into every room as fast
as I could
jump around and look for these damn bugs
and I could not find a bug I have never
seen a bug and I looked it up online and
other people see the bugs and I don't
know
I found the dogs that poop shields did
you find those guys no okay I found the
dogs that poop shield yeah the dogs it
where are they okay you know the room
that's like you shaped that has the
bridge on top okay and the two elevators
unlike the corners of the yeah yeah so
in that room everywhere that you is at
the bottom there's always that jump gap
right yeah if you shoot the wall you can
actually jump through the wall there and
there's two Dalmatians that you can pet
and they poop shields alright I found
that one by accident I was talking about
blood-borne um no we're talking about
strafe but I was trying to basically I
spent some time and I was like I'm going
to figure out how to find the the hidden
weapon rooms yeah and I couldn't do it
and like a thinking back to all the
other games I had tried like shooting
and like robbing on walls
sure but did you know you didn't think
throw barrels at them you knew about
hitting the panels though that give you
this special rooms with either health or
shield although right and then I don't
know how to find them I found one on
accident yeah but you know what they
look like yeah they get red inside yeah
oh you found the room you don't know how
to activate it I heard you I don't know
how it was activated I didn't know how
about oh yeah that's actually pretty
easy yeah yeah there's there these uh
these very distinct square panels and
they're usually up high okay and right
below them is like the panel cover with
a yellow warning signal saved on those
are on the floor and then if you look up
they're a very distinct looking panel if
you shoot though it opens the door huh
I think strafe is just obtuse I think
that's the real problem it might be a
problem the problem where it's like suck
you on the
it's like you in the do blips there was
no markings really where they're back
back on that early version yeah well
there's still no markings on them like
this slightly different texture John oh
sure sure
but thinking about other roguelikes
thinking about like binding of issac you
can eventually figure out something to
give you like a better clue of where the
secrets are yeah right like something
and some of the clues are easy like oh
the rock with the x on them are the
special rock right or like oh you know
secret rooms are always connected to
rooms with nothing blocking the entrance
you know you figure out all these little
things and we strafe I was never I'm not
I'm not able to and for some of the
secrets later on it was just like how
the fuck am I even supposed to I found a
frog I found a frog that I could pick up
on the last level and I'm carrying
around this frog and you can like you
carry on the Frog and like you hold it
in place of your gun right and I could
pet the Frog and I didn't know what to
do with the Frog luckily I had the boots
the stomping boots uh-huh so I could
kill enemies with my stomping boots
while holding on to the frogs so I
killed all the enemies in the area and I
was looking for the special thing to do
with this frog I found most of the
upgrades a special boots I found most of
them not really worth it ah the boots
were fun you could stomp on enemies the
double jump boots are fun the the the
make all the items come to you is if I
oh you know what the the only item that
really matters is the rain slicker where
you don't take damage from poison most
most of the major gun upgrades felt like
downgrades
ah no they were everything with a good
one oh now my machine gun is completely
inaccurate I can't hit anything at a
distance right the three shot one was
really good
the three shot of the machine gun Oh for
me I was all about the nail gun yeah the
exploding bullets oh I've never even run
across that oh man it's the fucking best
it's the best die die die die die thank
you
which to those do what we should what
are the nail guns do how are they
different than the normal bullets so you
if you hold down the trigger it shoots
all the nails yeah and then when you let
go they all explode okay okay and it's
the best fucking gun in the game that's
that's where I won my first time is I
had that the triple shot I had like
triple the firepower I was killing with
that the triple shot yeah that's a good
one too I can't finding clip upgrades
though so I had like a ton of bullets oh
nice yeah yeah nice yeah that's a good
one
you know the shotgun has that great like
mortar upgrade where you basically just
shoot three grenades that's a great
upgrade I was I was on a really good run
actually the last run I play it a couple
days ago I had that upgrade
I had great health and shield and I get
to the last shopkeeper in world - yeah
and I'm like fuck it I'm gonna kill the
shopkeeper I'm gonna go behind his
little door I'm gonna see if there's any
little CTS back Yeah right because like
eventually in an area 3 you've run into
that that place with the game boy and I
keep looking for the battery for it and
so I kill the shopkeeper I kill all of
his drones right yeah and then I can't
get his door to open so I can't get back
to it no fucker so I take all the items
yeah
and inside the dual drone area there's
the release exit button so I go press
that and I go to the exit and it doesn't
open oh and it glitched and I got stuck
in there sorry game it has a lot of bugs
yeah yeah that's the other part of
strafe has a lot of bugs a lot of
potential a lot of bugs oh shit that's
right
that's not what I want I wanna you know
you renegade Kira says Wonder Woman can
deflect anything has super strength
flight and is an expert in hand-to-hand
combat yes and we know she will live to
be in more movies yes where is the
tension in the action scenes that's the
basic Superman complex man even even if
you're not an even if your character
isn't invulnerable like Wonder Woman
that's that's most every superhero movie
you know they're not gonna kill that
character true like either not gonna
kill Captain America yeah in a Captain
America movie this point in might hahaha
sure but not in the first one right not
when they have a whole cinematic
universe to attend to in Iron Man 2
you're you're pretty sure Tony Stark was
safe I don't know yeah of course of
course okay so but a Wonder Woman is
basically Superman all right yeah and as
we've said before there there's no
inherent tension in Superman that's
actually a big flaw in my eyes of
Superman and so the tension has to come
the tension for the Wonder Woman movie
has to come in the stakes of the plot
it's not necessarily because by the way
we already know she lives because she
makes it into Batman vs Superman but
like is is uh
is her friend is Captain Kirk gonna die
maybe we care about him right yes yeah
mortal are the bad guys gonna do the
thing that the bad guys want to do like
the it's so it's the stakes around
Wonder Woman that will hopefully make us
care hopefully
treasure whore I think that's enough you
know like this takes place in the past
you know so-and-so is gonna survive you
know I think I think that problem was
overstated what do you mean so you watch
Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the
Lost Ark yeah you're pretty sure
Hitler's not gonna get the ark and take
over the world
you're pretty sure this is not gonna
happen and yet you still enjoy the film
yeah you know you're right you're right
by the way that's an excellent point of
it Ted 20 points for your excellent
point that's kudos my friend kudos
sure sure but so sorry but it's a guess
so using your Indiana Jones example
right like we care about we care about
his ladyfriend we care about just the
stakes in this one specific arena yeah
and so with Wonder Woman it will likely
be the same reviews are coming back
pretty solidly by the way all right I'm
not I'm not getting any hype up bud
reviews are coming back pretty nicely
done great left left
but oh and I also don't think Wonder
Woman can fly in these movies I don't
know but I don't believe Wonder Woman
has the ability to fly don't know how
much that matters
oh yeah oh I'm just being nitpicky about
their common wonder we know yeah okay
great none of a sense hi Paige
hi I know you and I want to be together
right Paige we are bright we are both
equally great at Bayonet Oh
don't let them tiny ginger bat teach you
big combo I'm not reading that part
let's play hods together soon oh I'm
just curious where right here okay I'm
not written that oh don't I never in
that read then don't I don't blame you
a little green grenades yeah
Ultraman 2m hi rich and some olive
videos you guys joke about you having
diabetes that is just wondering if you
really had this condition you were just
joking about it either way
wish you could help that's all Mike
there's 100% Mike you say like rlm
doesn't joke about it Mike jokes about
it and you know what what Jay has never
been to a place called the man hole and
his name is also not Susan that's true
that's true that's true rich like Mike
pretty much does what he wants uh yeah
yeah
Wendell was taken since Jack Jack I'm a
death investigator at a medical
examiner's office so half my job is
autopsies what if you're ever in the
Atlanta area
you're welcome to a tour shut up real
dead bodies oh I don't want to I'm just
never in Atlanta I'll be honest with you
but oh well I don't know I don't know
I'm gonna take you up on that I don't
know if I could do handle real like you
know dead bodies coated in plastic
there's there's that there's the wall
there's a mental wall right he's pushing
out on you no I'm not I'm debating the
pros and cons like I couldn't see you
not could I see an autopsy that would be
so fucking gross don't you kind of want
to know I could go my entire life
without seeing an autopsy I mean just to
compare just to compare it to what
happens in the movies I would love to
see you know that maybe now I don't know
oh yeah I might be I might be I don't
know well my speed is increased okay and
not getting too close to you distr says
hey guys seeing this game makes me want
to play borderlands have you ever played
borderlands one or two buts
they got some flaws but the pretty fun I
played Borderlands 1 yep and yeah it was
fun until so you know it's it's a
shooter it's first-person shooter but
you know it's also like RPG ish where
you find new weapons and you replace
your weapons and actually like you know
really fun characters interesting world
good job system a lot of that but the
entire game starts revolving around math
like you don't care you stop paying
attention to the enemies that you're
shooting and you just look you just look
at their guns like what's theirs gun
this gun has two numbers higher than the
gun I have I will take that gun like you
stop paying attention to the world
because math the gun becomes
more important that was my problem I
know that I stopped paying attention the
world that's Mass Effect one oh yeah
there was just too many different
fucking guns there's like 9,000
different guns it's incremental stat in
decrease yeah yeah oh yeah yeah okay
this gun has I don't want to throw them
all out because this one maybe has like
a better cooling rate than that one but
I would just hired it yeah yeah well
that one does higher damage of fire but
you know like maybe you're gonna have an
enemy who's weak against ice so you want
that one with the ice gun yeah yeah that
game is a fucking inventory nightmare
yeah you guys what a grade you can just
throw into the cluster I do I do and I
did and you're damaging yourself
important you know it's a Manafort late
awesome scatter gun wand nice nice you
know it's wizards and I'm using wands
yep
but I still I still like it still I got
a lot all right so I'm saying I just
like the Hexen do you remember the hexan
I don't remember accent oh that's back
in the dude days well you weren't to be
what a PC was I didn't have a good
fucking console peasant I didn't have a
computer on the farm rich it was the the
medieval answer to doom okay alright
what I said made by Raven Software I
think once again you're a console
peasant you don't know who the fuck
Raven Software help a brother out rich
throw me a bone Jedi Knight - okay
Hey look at this this gun is awesome
just like scatters the bullets all over
the place and they did the Voyager game
oh of course I was at a leap what was I
called was it called I remember when
that game was called I don't know
there's a fucking Voyager first-person
sure Voyager
because the fucking Voyager of course
hey dick come here
elite force elite whores does it there
you go nice we're doing great doing
great here hun redjac hunchback
Jackson's hey rich and Jack hi Amazon
have a bunch of Marvel omnibus omnibus
ebooks on sale today and also have a buy
one get one free promotion on some
titles people should check it out under
their Kindle daily deals yeah somebody's
a Marvel shill fine Michelle from our
ones finally shilling
here carrot rich rich do you like hockey
um casually you casually like hockey
I've watched like Blackhawks games when
they've been in the playoffs but not
really during the regular season okay
I'll admit to being fair-weathered uh
sure
apparently speaking of hockey yeah
here's the thing I know about hockey
because the other day I took an uber and
my uber driver was super into hockey
yeah the milwaukee Admirals that is our
local hockey team they are a minor
league hockey team I have not been to
again I've been to some Chicago wolves
game and I think they play in the same
league
okay but apparently a bunch of former
admirals players are now playing in a
team that is in like the finals of the
pros yeah whoever our sister team is
where all of our minor players go so a
bunch of people who used to be Admirals
are now right doing very well in the
pros if anyone knows anything about that
I know my uber driver told me all about
it and I really tried to feign interest
because you know he's driving you right
you want to listen to him here we go
here we go Milwaukee animals God they
they must have one of the best fucking
logo in sports
oh yeah the head that that fucking
pirate skull head oh god I wanna I've
never been to an Admiral's game but I
need to go to one just so I could buy
one of their fucking hats yeah yeah
those those are that's a great logo I
agree I've been to some Chicago wolves
game is back way back and fun to go fun
fun sport to see in person yeah I
remember just watching some guy just
just get smashed against the fucking
glass like ten feet away from me and you
see his fucking face to form all this
fantastic but you know but you know I
don't want to watch the body works
that's fair that's fair hey the guy you
know his head hit the glass but it
didn't explode alright Touche
nurse killing it
boom ski boot II bad game recurrences
yeah I had old streams from way back in
2014 playing in the background for some
white noise earlier mic playing co-op
shittier sound quality and Jack ad meant
about never having face cams oh I'm sure
I'm sure I'm sure you know at the time
at the time we're like we didn't we
didn't even watch live streams back then
sir like that no we're never gonna have
a face cam we didn't know we didn't know
what we're talking about rich do you
enjoy Batman the Animated Series fucky I
do fuck you man fuck you man
will you Ben we've been done cease if
you're new here fuck yeah man this rich
a White Sox fan no I wore the Heights
White Sox hat all the time for
absolutely no fucking reason well if I
had to be fair you just said that you're
not an Admiral's fan but you want an app
that's true so that's true 10 10 10
degrees have settle the fuck down
oh look at him fucking rock monster
you missed the what the fuck tip sounds
we still have there just the volume is
like ridiculously low now right was up
the issue know what the what the fuck
have replaced by thank you okay we
should we should Google other fuck back
that's done okay I think it son anything
you want to do man you wanted to do the
fart sound so we did the fart sound I
don't think that was gonna be for long
okay
oh sherry I didn't I didn't intend that
as a permanent replacement I just
problems I just gotta forgot about it
sure sure whatever you want rich we can
do whatever you need you came from are
you coming from where you come from
yeah we can do it
Dream Theater 1310 my second tip I don't
know if you guys have talked about this
but have you played hitman season 1
season 1 minimal story focus on gameplay
multiple ways to kill your target
overall great game I've heard good
things
season 1 yeah that's it's like a new
like that's how they're doing the new
hitman series that's weird
yeah that's weird I've heard good things
I've heard very good things but no I
have not gotten around to playing it I
was I think I've tried playing one of
the early hitman games and was kind of
soured on it never really went back
soured on it
I don't remember which one it was it was
you know probably a bad console port or
something yeah you know I remember
liking it quite a bit my problem was at
the time my computer was shit it took
literally half an hour for the level the
load every time you fucking died or
ready to restart
that's another fucking half an hour sure
sure see look at this
look at this room I gotta jump across
these these things and there's spy Keys
I'm sorry I'm very fucking sorry no I'm
saying it's cool like we got to do some
interesting shit here oh fuck fuck
you're doing great job first of all I'm
fucking you're fucking killing it first
of all I'm doing great but second of all
like is this is a neat room to come
across motherfucker
fuck fuck oh fuck that really killed me
so you're you're a witch done a warlock
or can you pick I've unlocked three so
far oh you have different characters
yeah I'll show ya I'll show you after I
continue yeah and see you unlock powers
that you can randomly get okay at you
know by just by playing like okay oh now
you get these are like things when you
upgrade you can hit these now neat you
know that's that's a standard in rogue
like this whole like easing out the
difficulty curve by giving you tiny
little rewards as you as you die
so here we'll play a new game so you can
either be agro who's kind of a main
apprentice normal Corina who is female
main apprentice and I just recently
unlocked crass look at this guy he's
awesome very powerful wand smaller mana
pool for the other magic disciplines and
then you know as you do things you
unlock more characters look up we won't
give crash a try very powerful wand
skills plink eddo coming back I almost
certainly at some point there's no rush
GOG it's cool man
hey I got this off of Humble Bundle
there's an on GOG oh could be could be
uh-oh no and you know this came actually
like you can get this off of if the
Humble Bundle is still going and I don't
remember if we saw if this was still
going well you can just download the
game like it doesn't need to even be
gone you can just download it from
Humble I took the steam key because
that's how I prefer playing games but do
you collect anything fat Oh doctor
uh two used to cut comics wait wait I
thought you're back in you out
are you ryote I don't collect them
anymore I just I just read them and I do
digital now okay I love fucking digital
comics I get back out oh no man it's
it's getting good I'm in it I'm super in
it miss Martin is Marvel's doing some
fun stuff man it's not it's not your
normal type of collecting but my god I
have a minor wig hats you do that's less
I go out to acquire them it's more I'm
at a stadium i buy that team's hat yeah
I don't I like to get to different
stadiums but like you've never taken a
road trip specifically to get not just
to get the half night but to see a team
sure like is that part of the plan like
hey let's let's do a road trip to
fucking Kentucky well go will visit some
minor league teams in fucking Kentucky
and get some hats first of all that just
sounds like an awesome idea I've been
near near the bottom and near near
Kentucky okay I go to a game all right
thing the eddy otters are somewhere
south of India has gotta be near
Kentucky that's near Kentucky the
Evansville honors okay a historic bossy
field where they shot part of a league
of their own the country's second oldest
ballpark and all of the advertisements
just talk about the field they don't
give a shit about the actual team that
plays there's come see you start bossy
field Geena Davis was here having
slaughters our playing it's a stark
bossy field the second oldest ball back
of the country and you can see the
Evansville mothers beautiful ballpark
fucking beautiful it's weird to see a
ballpark made entirely out of fucking
wood oh sure this is just fucking wooden
beams everywhere at a fucking Cathedral
it's worth going if you are a baseball
fan or or an architecture fan I suppose
yep
I got goo guy wait wait wait wait
okay well great great honey's I have to
go see them I believe there's some kind
of wood bad League team in that Racine
or Kenosha now like it's Kenosha I gotta
get out to see them did I tell you I
found out the name of the of the
old-timey oh what's that
it's they're just called the cream
cities where they were I know they're
they're a are a Milwaukee old-timey
baseball group and they're just called
the Milwaukee Cream City they're
probably playing about nothing right
probably Louis yeah that's obviously a
secret again obviously just a big old
crack in the wall that's great great
Michael Cody C aces hey Jack and rich hi
I had a dream a week ago where rich was
a manager in my office building I had no
idea if this was secretly a nightmare
great to see lunch on best of the worst
you had a great week you too thank you
very much that episode turned out just
fine I'll tell you one great episode
it's a great episode I enjoyed it I
enjoyed it a lot
all that heckling we game Jacqueline
that fucking roasting we gave that man
mm-hmm and he comes back and he walks
away we say something about his hair
that's what did it
he's great you know that's how you
handle criticism what Len oh yeah
no he takes it all in stride and you
know he accepted constructive Chris he
really did I'll say this weird we
watched angel of reckoning we did
recently I'm not gonna get a full review
I will say this he's improved a lot
technically oh my god that meant like
technically that man has come so far oh
his shot composition was off the chain
it was great like it looked like he was
actually trying to shoot stuff it was
great
it was great I mean it was still one
movie but it was great it's because
instead of getting pissy and upset he
took in this really harsh criticism yeah
and you know like someone easily could
have just been like listen you don't
understand how I like I got to make
movies and I got to make him on a budget
instead of making excuses he looked
inside and said you know what maybe I
could do a little better maybe I will
good old Len he's the greatest he's the
greatest cuz he could he and like Len
could also very easily kick our asses
just all the time up and down right and
he doesn't good guy what happened to
your resolution I if you see up at the
top there uh-huh it says nostalgia big
hug pixels some rooms have
gimmicks area I have a danger gimmicks
okay
okay and now that I have beaten the
enemy my danger gimmick is gone
should I watch a league of their own
it's pretty good film how do you feel
about schmaltz if you are ok with
schmaltz then heck yeah watch it it's
not Big Trouble in Little China ah
that's it no upgrade available
I am Chester sis
hello I was recently skimming the
YouTube statistics website social blade
and looked up our elem according to
their projections in four years rlm will
have 1 million subscribers so how about
that meat need thanks a lot
lack of regular content oh-whee quality
cut here here's what here's here says
here's how this breaks down jack here's
how this breaks down this gist I no no
no no I mean I do want to make a point
yeah oh yeah I got huh how long is a
frickin best of the worst episode oh
yeah I mean how long is a half-hour the
bag episode we don't we don't release
like 10-minute videos like three times a
day right you know once a day right
right well you you but you get about as
much video it's just in longer oh sure
beautiful chunks
no there's there are back story there
there are those like there there are
YouTube rules that say hey like you want
to grow your channel you follow the
YouTube rules and Ireland doesn't follow
any uh for example uh cross what do you
call that cross promotion
yeah like rlm goes to then does this
show and then that should this show
appears on an are LM show a and they
then they can cross over fanbases that's
how you grow an audience but but uh
I can say that Mike and J just don't
necessarily care about that and that's
an okay thing they could do whatever
they want
oh look I love the length of best of the
worst I'm just saying if you look at how
much content you get per month it's is
the same as you know if we had released
a two-minute video every day of the
month
oh yeah easily no and it's it is quality
and it's a small team you know there
there might be some ways to like squeak
out some more content but would it be
worth it in the long run man probably
not you know it's also not our call oh
fuck look at that see that my finger
feel like white spot yeah I burnt myself
today how'd you burn yourself I was I
was making I was making some goddamn
chicken nuggets for the little bastards
there's one of the few things that leads
and I couldn't find out my normal hot
pad to take them out of the oven and so
like I have this tiny little hot pad
that I like I never use because it
doesn't cover all of your hand you know
like it's an inefficient hot pad but I
got to get the chicken nuggets out of
the goddamn oven or else those little
jerks will flip the fuck out so I grab
the little hot pad that doesn't cover
all my hand and I burn my fucking finger
so they get chicken nuggets because the
one won't eat anything except for
chicken nuggets and bread is that fair
to the other one no I'll make other for
like today was just chicken nugget day
because like that's what I felt like
make him no no like very often I'll just
make like we we just what if he wants a
fucking hot dog with cheese who though I
I don't remember which one is the picky
eater oh uh no I like well like I make
hot dogs all the time like hot dogs for
dinner cuz the other one will eat hot
dogs oh he will yeah okay and but you
know then just the other one was that so
no it's just whatever I feel like maybe
I'm a cheese not like a cheese man I
want a cheeseburger nope
one eats hamburgers
yeah like we do all sorts of different
food there's no I just know what a super
picky yeah it's true and that's probably
not fair to the one who's not super
picky if he wants other things he wants
cheese no we don't we don't cater the
meals okay mm to eater is if that's the
question we do not cater the meals
okay picky eaters we just kind of make
what we know what we want a lot of times
we'll just add something that we know
the picky eater will eat you know what
pretzels like okay yeah well you know
like today today dinner was chicken
nuggets pretzels and apple slices like
woof holy holy shit right and I burnt my
goddamn finger where am I going
burnt my goddamn finger on the oven
obviously I'm also trying to be a little
hyperbolic and comedic when I call my
children bastards and assholes
I love the parents fine just just for
anyone who's new to the streamer doesn't
like his game how is this guy again oh
you know speaking of kids yeah and the
fact that I was at the zoo today oh yeah
what the fuck is up with strollers
when did strollers have to become so
huge oh yeah I was walking around with
these fucking triple wide strollers and
they don't even have a fucking kid in it
kids doing lord knows what they're
taking up space you can't get around
them the some woman there was some woman
standing in the fucking doorway we
couldn't get around her she had a
fucking stroller with a fucking like a
back trailer full like toys attached to
it takes her kids to the zoo and their
stroller has an attachment filled with
toys that is blocking the goddamn exit
to the building you know what else I'm
sure he's on that stroller like a solar
panel so they can also charge all their
tablets like a tiny little TV screen
with a DVD player but the kids not
watching that he's playing on the iPhone
I wanted to kick that fucking thing over
I would not I would not recommend that
by the way
if it wouldn't have bear embarrass Karen
I may have kicked that thing over oh my
um yeah strollers are nuts strollers are
absolutely nuts and you know what that I
mean were they new parents did you see
what their kids how old their kids were
didn't pay that much attention to that
I'm just like why is this thing in my
way
why is that why is that stroller so huge
oh okay so it's like by the way this is
part of the learning curve of parenting
you have your first kid you get the
biggest role you can cuz you're like oh
I'm gonna need so much shit oh I got a
hit pack my diapers I gotta pack this
thing of it because you just don't know
any better right huh you don't know that
that kids not gonna want to sit in the
stroller and you just have to carry
around this giant ass clunky stroller
once you start having like you're once
you get to your second kid you're like
the smallest lightest stroller I can I
can come across so there are probably
new parents they were probably very new
parents who just didn't know any better
which is a very common thing every every
set of new parents I've ever come across
gets the most luxurious stroller on the
market and then their kid doesn't use it
hates it
poops all over it pukes all over it and
everyone regrets it and then and then
they buy like the ten dollar foldable
umbrella stroller that you can get at
Walmart and and you use it all the time
so new parents fucking yeah fucking
casual parents fucking noobs Oh pay for
the gun upgrade I get it noob that's
just so it's a learning curve it's a
learning curve
this side of its lupus is when I was in
high school in Northern Illinois I took
a class field trip to be Canaveral and
the National University of Health
Sciences so we saw a shit-ton of dead
bodies it was awesome
hahaha and that cadaver laboratories the
thing to do apparently those corpse
farms or body farms heard of those so
they can teach like cops and detectives
how to do forensic stuff well they like
you know you find a dead body in the
woods yeah they have a section of the
woods that they will like seed with
bodies just lovely you know people could
study how they decomposed body farms
that's good that's nice yeah sure Bonnie
it's been buried for two weeks under
here so here's how we continue can tell
this letter for two weeks
oh I mean the smart yeah super hard kind
of creepy you don't want anyone to
accidentally walk into those woods hey
honey I found a great picnic spot I'm
sure they're fenced off oh right
okay skeletons
rewind shocks is rich have you played
stellar interface the side-scrolling 2d
space sure - roguelike with tons of
upgrades as bosses like binding Jack
have you ever watched dead mall videos f
my TL dead mall dead mall videos for one
the space thing I have not played them
for the mall thing yes I have
you've seen dead mall videos yeah I was
a dead mall video maybe I had it you
find it you find a closed mall it's been
closed for years you break in with a
camera and you film your little
adventure walking around the dead ball I
had a really surreal experience where I
saw one lately it was basically my mom
when I was a kid
this mall I grew up around I saw Santa
Claus every year there and now I'm
watching some jackass walk around with a
camera it's just really sad was recently
closed - so it wasn't it wasn't like all
covered in graffiti use it's like you
know I was like they shut down for the
night but parts of it had fallen apart
Oh weird like they left the plants let's
take a whole bunch of dead trees in
there Oh double weird yeah yeah
should I say what moment ah that's up to
you man
no no what's the potential downside of
that people knowing where you grew up at
a young one okay so no I'm gonna say
don't say them all about that already
someone's looking into all the dead mall
videos to cross-reference with rich
Evans there's a number of them worth it
worth it worth it what look chat I
haven't really talked about this much I
had one very creepy experience with a
fan and so yes I am reluctant to talk
about stuff like that as you should be
yeah it was creepy enough that I haven't
talked about it ha ha ha
so there you go
yeah that should tell you something
I should tell you something right there
yes it was creepier than being punched
in the face sorry I forgot about that I
forgot about that and that made me laugh
I don't mean to laugh at your misfortune
but I just did so you know what are you
gonna do stick move stick and move stick
and move stick and move
take down the harpy bitch boom-boom oh
why do you can kill that guy that's
awesome not kill that guy button you
know take down his thing - dentist thing
great great great dead Mull videos I
have never seen a dead mall video nor
have I heard of a dead mall video and
now I'm very curious no in fact I'm not
curious in dead mail videos I want to go
break into a dead mall that just sounds
like a lot of fun add somebody do a
series of video so I was like this dead
mole John wrong with Kmart but they went
there first like when they were closing
like the first week of their
going-out-of-business sale and then they
went near the end of their
going-out-of-business sale and then they
went like a week or two after they had
fully shut down they broke a beautiful
yeah oh it's the most depressing thing
ever people are it's so depressing no
they're making art man they're making
art out of death that's body works
Richard's body works they're making art
out of death
look someday I will talk about my bad
experience but it's going to take time
and distance yeah
this time it's lupus says rich as a
fellow White Sox fan I have to say I'm
excited for the future
they got Luis Robert a Cuban phenomenon
with a ton of talent and their trades
this offseason have been stellar your
thoughts ah my thoughts are you don't
actually hear much white sox news up in
wisconsin so i i don't know much about
what they've done the last couple years
I've heard they've made some moves I
know I know they're not doing terrible
this year but that doesn't mean much
baseball the baseball season is a
marathon not a sprint
teams that are doing okay early can be
at the bottom of the fucking division by
the end of the season right and vice
versa
by day
NSF wiki says did you guys play quake
back in the days wondering if you guys
be checking out quake champions I'm not
much of a multiplayer game room so I'm
not that looking forward to quake
champions I did love me some quake 2
though the single-player experience
I didn't play quake 1 that much because
when that actually came out my computer
wasn't capable of running quake 1 oh
that's sad that's sad rich yeah and I
didn't play much of the quakes because I
didn't have a computer when they came up
I would have played the shit out of
quake 1 yeah yeah with all of your doom
1 what I nosy would have
boom boom if I ever been to the Mall of
America no I have been to gurney mills
though which is also a big fucking mall
I've here it's not I heard Green those
not doing that good
I hear it's turning into like a lot of
dollar stores girls oh I mean I believe
it yeah yeah I believe it I don't I
don't weep for the mall I don't I don't
think it means the death of American
commerce just means American commerce
changing yeah you're buying you're
buying shit online now are you you're
going to Walmart where everything isn't
overpriced right right you're gonna you
go to Walmart where they they they get
to bilk Chinese slave laborers
everything's not overpriced okay Oh
minimum wage is 720 you kind of need to
go to Walmart oh no I'm not saying I
don't go to Walmart I do go to Walmart I
just I try not to go to Walmart mostly
because it's Walmart but uh uh gurney
Mills is it different that's oh that's
like a like a mall complex that's not
even a mall that's like a strip mall
isn't it wasn't bush is it yeah I just
know it's the place they're really close
to Six Flags Great America
like I know what's that what's that kind
of like hunting nature sporting goods
store they got that's that's got it like
a just a giant artificial lake in it
with these huge fish swimming around oh
do they yeah me wonder what they're the
call
Gander Mountain Bass Pro Shop it could
have been it I don't really remember
Chett if I give you any details on the
creepy fan encounter that that kind of
defeats the purpose of my avoiding
talking about it
because it was kind of scary right right
get it together chat you know better get
it together all right
doing good that's what I'm missing
that's what I'm missing

[Part II]
this way we're doing great I had to I
had to eat two of my weapons I got two
weapons and I had to eat both of them
but both times I ate them I doubled the
power of my main wand yeah and I can't
run out of both with my main one and it
just takes a while to recharge so yeah
I'm pretty powerful at this exact moment
good work jack
I feel I feel like this is a pretty good
run
typical pyc says we will all be dead
infinitely longer than we're alive
that's true that's true and it's not
true oh when you're dead you can't
experience time death is the complete
lack of experience whoa the experience
of death will seem like no time at all
so in a sense you were alive for an
infinitely longer time then you will be
dead good night everybody I mean that's
there's there's no there's no greater
Tibet now I'm just gonna go get some
water so so really rich both are
infinitely longer it just depends on
your perspective yeah from your
perspective you will be a lot you will
be alive infinitely longer than you are
dead from anyone else's perspective you
will be dead infinitely longer than you
are alive mm-hmm
welcome to previously recorded
philosophy 101 for dummies
shit shit my mouth pan
yeah what are we going
oh this is Jack question that's gonna
wait eh that's a 5 says good evening
good sirs just FYI there's currently a
devolver digital sale on Steam
rich you may want to take a look at
Shadow Warrior from 2003
it's just 349 you fuck I own it I own a
copy thank you
the real Vance is rich you should come
to you Claire that's pronounced right
rent you you Claire yeah you okay for an
Express game I have no idea if they suck
or not you could get a hat and get your
picture taken with the bust of Hank
Aaron that's in front of the field well
oh you're Bork you know I'm Bob dude
didn't find a baseball game to go to
there's a I went from an embarrassment
of riches when it came to minor league
teams yeah like to like fucking nothing
up here you Claire you Claire it's not a
bad Drive yeah like four hours four
hours oh it sucks I used to live five
minutes away from the fucking Windy City
Thunderbolts yeah up north there was the
call them though we are know is that La
Crosse as far as you clear might be like
five or six
Naperville had the Flyers the Gary rail
cats the normal Illinois Corn Belt errs
hahahahaha no no is a great name great
logo to have there's more there's more
I'm fucking forgetting are we clear
oh yeah you know what um the the uh oh
god the Rockford River Hawks yeah and
Rockford the Rockford peaches
um and then what are they called
the Jacke have generally had jackhammers
it was like it was like eight or seven
fucking minor league baseball teams by
me in Illinois I missed that so much
he's full of going to games cuz there's
somebody any day of the week like Aaron
if I go to a game someone was playing
somewhere yeah and any given night oh I
miss it
SSO you Claire is five and a half hours
away yeah five and a half fuck that
hey you know and that out there yeah I'm
sorry I hate to be the bearer of bad
news but that's Drive
that right there is a drive I was
thinking of lacrosse lacrosse is like
3-4 hours yes the Kane County Cougars I
only been to one of their games though
well there was just so there's a much
larger population in check out in the
Chicagoland area than there is sure whoa
whoa look at this spell Viper fangs okay
I'm having a good run I got a cool spell
it's called Viper fangs there's a Viper
fangs see it does but it poisons people
what
sadly guck says what a strange variety
of parenting out there today I saw alien
covenant for the second time oh wow the
stroller with the built-in tablet was in
the theatre and the toddler inside known
in every scene yeah I'm so fucking sorry
oh yeah that's that's that sucks man
parents need to know better like I get
it parents want to see movies too but
you know get you got kids you can't all
right you can't wait till that shit
comes to video-on-demand uh your dingo I
have absolutely zero interest in seeing
the new alien so I'm probably not going
to see it I think Jack feels the same
way pretty much pretty much Michael
Cody see a suds when I was in college we
had a roommate who for whatever reason
ripped our oven mitts cos he was nuts
he used pliers to get the pan out the
sad part is I still do this also is
Gillian coming back Gillian coming back
these pliers ah that's crazy man I said
you know just punch up your shirt no
it's it requires first of all sane for
you first of all your shirt but you sure
to grab it and take it up put on top of
them if you are if you are in your
kitchen most likely there is a towel
right in front of you not my kitchen for
get your shit together then rich Karen
has proper like haven't been somewhere
in the kitchen Alvin my bachelor days no
towel no you're a crazy man you're crazy
man okay so let me take my shirt off
remember Jack I'm the man who almost
burnt his grandmother's house down oh
and I guess I'm starting to see why that
happened I guess okay so in every other
kitchen except for rich Evans's kitchen
there will be a towel there that will
act as a fine oven mitt
I just need to I just need to get a
secondary heaven man it's not this
stupid what is your worst theater-going
experience jack
oh oh you know what I I was I went to go
see like a big-budget blockbuster movie
but the only place it was playing was
that like a small indie theater huh
which had terrible sound and it was only
playing in 3d and so it was a small
indie theater with tear it was a big
blockbuster movie with terrible sound
seeing it in 3d and it didn't look like
it was done correctly and so the visuals
were horrible and the audio was bad and
there were ill oh it was also a theater
no it wasn't an indie theater it was one
of those dinner in the movie places and
we had like a coupon to go there or
something or someone gave us a gift card
to go there yeah and it sounded terrible
and there were waitresses bothering us
that was pretty bad I saw the Dark
Knight like that isn't it the worst yeah
it wasn't worse but the Dark Knight was
good enough it kind of made up for it
yeah yeah I guess I could see that yeah
yeah yeah that was my worst movie going
experience there like it was a dinner in
a movie place bad sound the 3d looks
weird and their waitresses and we only
went because we had a gift card like
someone gave us a gift card to go there
or something my worst my worst
theater-going experience oh you weren't
you weren't here last room you didn't
hear me talk about this I didn't talk
about this this this particular story
but my uncle was there I talked about I
have six uncles one of them yeah raging
alcoholic you know what I think I was
listening into this part of the tree Oh
raging fucking alcoholic and one of the
points in my my childhood where he was
kind of on the wagon yeah
we had like a family outing he was with
us at the theater
we saw the fugitive okay his girlfriend
was with and they were a fucking odd
pair as much of a raging alcohol
I guess he was he could be he was
relatively handsome at least compared to
his his girlfriend who who is not
handsome at all it was kind of like a
human cow she had this weird skin I
don't know what was going on but it
looked like her fucking face was made
out of leather oh my god uh and she like
she didn't talk much she did you can
barely anything to say she's a really
fuck bizarrely odd woman and she's
sitting near me at this theater we're
watching the fugitive as a family outing
and this this chain-smoking woman her
leg is vibrating the entire movie and
she's got change like in her pocket she
the entire the entirety of the fugitive
has ruined me because all I could hear
was it was insane it was fucking insane
that's far worse than my experience oh
that sounds like hell that sounds just
like hell
hee hee she must have been loaded or
something he must have been like
mooching off of her I don't know what it
was there's something odd going on there
sure sure
oh man
strange
some blue guy enchants hey guys
alright remember when I asked if Dark
Souls gameplay good work in a sci-fi
setting the surge supposedly the surge
which just came out is trying to be that
are you considered checking it out yes
okay there you go there's your answer
yes uh someone told me about that a long
time ago and I've been actually meaning
to check it out I have not had a chance
yet but I we will well i'll either
stream it or we'll do something with it
sorry I called it I knew it as soon as I
heard it and I called it by the way last
stream we listening to the part where I
was talking about my drunk uncle at my
grandmother's funeral yes me first
I'm the oldest me first but like I heard
casket okay so here's my question so you
so tell the story again - a quick
wrap-up for anyone who didn't hear the
story cuz I heard that part
I was listening in I couldn't be here
like oh but I was listening at my
grandmother's funeral came time to for
the pallbearers like you know put the
coffin into the thing last time last
time you see your grandmother like they
called for the you know the kids to come
up and my uncle my uncle my drunken
alcoholic uncle who did nothing but like
mooch off this woman it was the younger
brother who fucking paying for
everything right right pushes his way to
the front of her coffin like like shoves
people out of the way saying me first
I'm the oldest I know well ok and you
know here I guess that answers my
question partly because the ways it
sounds is like the priest asked the
children thanks something I don't
remember the details well gone but like
was it like like 12 and under come and
say goodbye or was it like her kids your
kid okay kids the way you told the story
is like it may seem like little Timmy
and his friends wanted to go but but he
pushed by like schoolchildren not not
like her kids does it matter
what's the fucking matter
no this is why rich doesn't drink people
hey that's fair man I I had so many
examples on one on what not to do
oh man yeah most most Oliver binge
drinkers even the ones the uncles that
weren't alcoholics I'm sure they're all
mean drunks oh yeah it's the word yeah
like I grew up around a lot of drunks
that's a lot of fuck that's a lot of my
family yeah you get that you get to see
her you're you're sweet goofy uncle turn
into like a you know a rageaholic drug
every now and then yeah that's no good
that's no good
and then dry out at my grandmother's
house and you'd hear him in the other
room gonna all fucking night
it's terrifying that is terrifying it's
terrifying that's no wait and that's
nobody that's no way to grow up
there's no way to grow up like we were
fuck you know I was great I never I
never fell into that trap and I had all
the examples on what can happen
I suppose it was great and they don't
hindsight yeah well yeah yeah I'd say
yeah we were all we were all happy
drunks over in my house just the one
that wanted you to teach him the
Internet rich yes it is yes it is
Justin Voorhees is jack-jack
recommendations for good robe likes that
aren't Isaac spelunky risk of rain and
the like maybe some lesser-known ones I
like games with fun power-ups FTL but
that's another one we've talked about to
death fun power-ups like like Isaac you
know sure if you if you haven't done it
if you haven't played it nuclear throne
is is a lot like Isaac you know it's a
twin stick roguelike it's interesting
you get a lot of really fun weapons
there's a lot of neat characters in it
mhm
the downside is that it is hard as
mother fucking balls right she put away
a question from when Jack came back I
think I think I went back to it let me
double-check
um oh I think I did forget to go back
thank you none of us says hey Jack now
my nephew was almost five I'm sick of
watching frozen and Lego movies okay
when can I start showing him some shit
in before ask his parents first I'd let
him put on me I show him some shit in
before I ask his bird fuckin ask his
parents man I get how much time you
spend with above five no not not ready
uh you can show him whatever you fucking
want I I watch Robocop when I was a kid
I just loved it it depends upon the kid
and what they're ready for but keep in
mind he's gonna blather about whatever
you show him so his parents will find
out absolutely
gotta start him light start started
heaven you know what start showing him
really cool behind the scenes stuff from
movies that he likes and that will start
laying the seeds that movies are fake
that's super important like that's
really important to me like movies are
fake they're fun to watch but they're
fake like because I don't want my kids
freaking out if they see anything that
you know like movies are fake right so
start laying the seeds that movies are
fake I'm of the opinion that you wait
you wait til that kids like seven eight
ish then you can start showing them some
weird shit but like we said you know
when they're ready you know when they're
ready I'm trying to think of like what's
something what's something on the
lighter side of weird like you don't
wanna you don't want to go hip deep into
Robocop
like you don't want to throw someone
into Robocop you wanna you wanna yeah
but you grew up around horror movies -
yeah all right all right
ah I'm trying to think what's a good
like bridge for something like that
obviously it's Evil Dead 2 obviously
Evil Dead 2 Dredd
something like Jurassic Park maybe like
Jurassic Park is really intense that's a
really intense movie but maybe it's a
good movie good shit have some kids Big
Trouble in Little China some of the chat
is bringing that up it might not be a
terrible suggestion they wouldn't get it
they'd be too young to get the joke
though but but a hero who's a boob but
it has it still has a lot of good fight
scenes and slaps yuck
yeah I want to look into that by the way
that's just a great suggestion
that room
in here great Big Trouble in Little
China
yeah that's not that has some cursing
but if you if your nephews okay okay I
already heard the cursing well I don't
know some kids haven't if if your
nephews already curse and big from a
little China might not be a bad idea if
he's okay with kirsten and like super
low-key races and i think that'd be fine
actually that's not low-key racers it's
just just racism big trouble a little
china yeah wasn't one of the uh wasn't
one of the uh and forget it forget it
forget it
and i might be thinking of a different
movie so uh yeah let's just forget it
scuba double-o one says hey Jack I'm
Jack I noticed that you like Kubo and
the two strength fuck oh coupon the two
strings is on Netflix everyone that
movie is severely underrated oh man it's
so good it's so fucking good I saw in
the theaters and just the other night
just Saturday night we were looking for
something to watch with the kids and
going through Netflix and Kubo's on
Netflix now oh it's gorgeous and a bunch
of people were giving me shit cuz I've
made a little tweet I made a little
tweet just being like hey kudos on
Netflix and it's wonderful everyone's
like that so this kuku bow is the dumb
movie it has no story and they're wrong
and they should shut up it's a beautiful
movie it's a very simple story
Kubo in the two strings simple story is
not the same as new story going back on
what to start kids on yeah yeah one of
the Goonies my kids have seen the
Goonies um the nice in-betweener yeah
girls the life side of in-between yeah
it still has it like Goonies is tough
over like that movie opens on a guy
hanging himself the opening shot of the
movie is the bad guy pretending to hang
himself in a jail in jail so this is
true I forgot about that right but also
like some really great villains like the
villain city by the corpse
warps the villain sticks chunks hand in
a blender
yeah Goonies is a great in-betweener
okay okay sloth is fuckin weird some
slight romance stuff that your kid won't
get chatter saying gremlins maybe what
what up what up huh why not no say maybe
okay you sound unsure though uh it's
been a while since I've seen gremlins
are you thinking it's too harsh maybe I
don't know it's been it's been a while
since I've seen gremlins much to my
dismay whoa whoa whoa whoa it's just
been a while since I've seen it is it
too harsh they go they go nuts at the
end but like I'm just trying to think if
they do anything like PG pg-13 no PG no
that's right my there's PG three that's
why this pg-13 but technically speaking
it's still Fiji
I'm movin on movin on movin on up to the
oh by the way you know like you keep
getting that tip from from typical POC
yeah and so all it makes me think about
is a Michael Jackson song PYT oh yeah I
want to love you be watching pretty
young thing Oh wrap you in my lovin arms
so I recall that well I have I just have
PYT stuck in my head for everyone
now hopefully it's stuck in everyone
else's head pretty young thing like a
Jackson is great someone of a chance
bringing up Dark Crystal I've never seen
Dark Crystal
yes you know tried wait who tried it a
lot of beautiful effects mastery nice
puppets in that ya story was and Karen I
just didn't do much for me ah okay
I heard of making that there should be a
Netflix though oh yeah we're making like
a seasonal monado ya gotta see that good
puppets I hear good puppets obviously
because you know Johansson but
Dark Crystal has a pretty bland story
yes yes a thousand times yes
it ain't no labyrinth oh shit
legend oh it ain't no legend either and
legends not the best thing ever right Oh
No
yeah there you are you son of a bitch i
getcha I won't love you pretty young
thing wrap you in my living arms to the
servicer he watching tell me Michael
Jackson mask would be shit my room thing
says naira I'm thing pretty young thing
I'm with never net just night I'm sorry
I'm dreamin dreamin
eyes went somewhere else in the chat for
a second I looked over see what was
going on in the chat yeah
and I think somebody was saying pretty
young thing pretty out there and it
threw me off and I ROM says Jack were
you as drunk as you seemed on the last
best of the worst also rich do you have
any recommendations similar to Farscape
well into season 3 and want something to
watch directly after that mm-hmm
I'm not I'm not sure that I do I'm sorry
I'm not sure that I do but there's lots
of good sci-fi out there battle sure
Battlestar Galactica Firefly might be
Firefly I've never seen Firefly I know I
know it's one season and gets canceled
him I don't want my heart ripped out I
know I know I'm gonna uh I I was drunk I
was I was pretty drunk that episode I
was more drunk for Halloween the
Halloween episode I was significantly
more drunk I was drinking that at the
the LANAP asone I Obert home so don't
worry
but but on the drunken scale I was more
drunk for the surprise episode the
episode I did not know I'd be a part of
on Halloween yeah just as it just as a
gauge I probably you know I could hold
my shit so you might not be able to tell
the difference we might have been I
think in general we were loopy ER for
that episode because of that Beedie
Beedie Cooper versus Bigfoot man that
that made the night go in a weird
direction real fast
that movie was strange that BD Cooper
versus Bigfoot so like I think I was
loopy er for that episode but not as
drunk okay so and I don't want to turn
like me getting drunk into a runnin bit
for best of the worse or else that's an
escalation that I won't be able to keep
up with yeah so hopefully the next one
I'm just gonna I'm just gonna stay still
stone-cold sober and then it'll be a bad
episode and then like oh well never mind
jack drink again no I have lymphoma I've
done episodes before then where I've
been so sorry
everything's fine the chat is pointing
out some apparent hypocrisy on my part
on your part yes oh shit rich ah Firefly
Firefly this is a science fiction show
yeah
that gets canceled but it's wrapped up
with a movie after the show it gotten
canceled yeah so I haven't I haven't
watched Firefly because it got canceled
I don't want my heart broken right right
right uh Farscape is a series now went
and went considerably what three more
seasons than Firefly I did I went to
season four oh yeah yeah it's plan four
five Farscape got cancelled before they
finished the story and then they wrapped
it up with a miniseries years after the
fact yeah
how can i how can I not get away with
not watching Firefly
when I started watching Farscape in my
defense with this I didn't know yeah I
had no idea I don't even know that there
was like a running thread like a
storyline that was going to need to be
wrapped up
I had no idea what I was getting into
when I started watching Farscape that's
fair that's fair and like you said
there's more of it
the that's one of them yeah Firefly one
of the most disappointing things about
Firefly is that they're so little of it
because it is really good mm-hmm
interesting characters unique situations
very like fun sci-fi world universe it's
a little a little more sy fantasy but
they they do pay close attention to how
like the ship works you know one of the
characters is a mechanic and like a lot
of it is just dealing with the science
and there's just not that many episodes
and that is that is heartbreaking so I
get it rich I get it oh look at him
prime golem yeah the the Farscape
miniseries much much like Return of the
Jedi it's really good where it needs to
be good they the very ending with the
characters and the thing that's been
building up to four four seasons that
pays off but the rest of it does feel
like a condensed season oh that's too
bad
yeah we can see things right thing you
know this or that probably what I had
like a two or three episodes dedicated
to it
boom boom
I got nothing rich they got fucking
nothing so many health potions I'm not
even using my amulet
so I probably would have started
watching Farscape anyway because I did
hear about the minute and I would have
heard about the miniseries that wraps
everything up
I hear Firefly and serenity it's not
that quite as satisfying so I've heard
what I've heard serenity the buddy
uh I mean it works it wraps it all up
you you get you get an ending but like I
said though you just the upsetting part
about it is you just want more you just
want more cuz it's so fucking good
chassé asking if you know there's an
alternate fire to everything yes I know
I'm not using it um I know I'm not using
it thoughts on the new Klingons they
look like turds
they look like walking pieces of shit
nothing about that trailer made me want
to watch Star Trek Discovery I'm
actually less excited about the series
than I was before the trailer came out
they look like garbage
that's what
so they look like the new Ninja Turtles
kind of yeah they do kind of look like
the new Ninja Turtles when you know
they're really ugly and you you you can
plainly tell that what somebody else did
before was a much better job and why
would they do this yeah has a lot in
common with the Michael Bay Ninja
Turtles s sick burn sick burn like
alternate fire for your wand like this
is regular fire here P P P P ultimate
fire is more like a shotgun blast which
is really great the only problem is it
eats up ammo and does that recharge over
time it does but you know then you have
to just worry about dodging and so I'd
much rather have the pew pew pew pew pew
pew cuz I'm a pretty good aim and I feel
like that could take out more people mmm
my brother started washing next gen
because of the stream what what did he
think Justin for he's what did he think
Dream Theater 13 tenses what country
would each of you like to visit let's
assume you can teleport because I know
rich hates flying hahaha perfect perfect
yeah somewhere with a nice beach uh
Japan I would love at me really you know
anyone age oh maybe China and go see the
Great Wall I've never been over there
I'd love to go over there I'd love to go
visit Japan can i teleport away to
instantly yeah of course if you can
teleport there you can obviously
teleport away you know maybe maybe North
Korea teleport over pull down Kim John's
pants haha and just teleport away really
quick I love it I love it
wait wait the Lee's in public giving
some kind of speech or something yeah
right behind him put a ski mask on Oh
pants on just get right out a teleport
right behind him man teleport away I
love it rich I love it that's a grand
and it's a great idea hey just maybe
just taking like a shit in Vladimir
Putin's bed and poof teleport away poof
teleport away make sure he sees you
though right he's got it he's got to see
you crouching on his bed shitting right
and then just as he comes in his room
you're shitting on his bed you go like
this suckin putin poof teleport away
I've I've triggered my teleporter too
when I say suck it Putin and it's sucker
Putin it'd be great god johnson potent
family Christmas whoo shit the bed
starts World War 3 that's great that's
great
and I just want to go I want to go to
weird places I like I want to I want to
go as far away I want to go as far away
as I possibly can like I've never been
to Northern Europe I'd love to go visit
like Iceland and and and those kind of
Nordic countries I think that would be
needed shit I didn't need is shit sound
luck you're weak nope that's not what I
want this is one all catch some fish
catch some fish Go Go the mountains go
to the snow go visit Bjork hey Bjork New
York
hey Bjork New York cuz she did she just
does that she's like part of the
Ministry of Tourism and people can just
go visit her I'm sure right I heard this
song just for you I will let you play
the harmonica
that is my Bjork impression rich what is
the last time you had a ridiculously
fucking positive reaction to a trailer
thor ragnarok oh I I felt so bad I had
rich watch the thor ragnarok trailer
before a stream one night yeah just
because it was the hot new trailer and
we want to talk about it and his
reaction to that trailer was so fucking
good that I know now that I should have
waited and have him watched the trailer
live but the it's a great trailer
original guardians of the galaxy the
first guardians the Galaxy trailers
really had me hyped to see that movie
yeah those were good trailers behind
trailers and the mad the Mad Max fury
road trailers took away some of my
skepticism okay some of sure look it
looked good I was worried that Mad Max
was tied up in like every shot of the
trailer yeah like I was wondering if if
they weren't gonna be so bold as
actually actually having tied up for the
entire fucking mood just the first half
hour to take to take Mad Max being just
the character we see the world through
to an absurd extreme you know yeah like
I what they can do that they didn't do
that they kind of did for the first
action scene for the first fucking third
of the movie he's tied up but I'm saying
this is a good thing rich for yeah for
the first third of the movie he's
strapped to look he's strapped to a car
trailer made it seem like I was giving a
whole movie
ya know I think it's a good thing he is
he is a he's a passive protagonist for
the first third of that movie it's great
you feel lighter I know what that does
why is max mad because his family was
slaughtered and and his world is dead
the both are fair reasons both are fair
reasons but key he's haunted by visions
of his dead child what what else do you
need
is he mad angry or is he mad Crazy's
both it's both jagneaux
type of things I'd much rather have a
Viper fangs because nobody wants to
watch sad max oh oh speaking of Mad Max
have you heard the latest Tom Hardy news
huh Tom Hardy he's gonna play he's gonna
play of a prominent character yeah in uh
he's gonna play a cop prominent
comic-book character who's getting his
own movie care to take any guesses I
would have guessed the Punisher but
they're doing the Netflix thing right
getting his own comic book movie
prominent comic book character Tom Hardy
is cast as the lead look at Tom Hardy
he's bein right Oh max I know
Deathstroke the Terminator who dead he
be a great dancer nobody no no we know
we know what is it
I'm just saying he'd be a great
definitely what yeah uh he's why I said
destro he's gonna be venom in the stint
he's gonna beast and he's gonna be venom
in the standalone venom movie rich Evans
he'd be a great Deathstroke yeah look at
the chap that would've been cheating
yeah what I reach to guess they'd be
more fun that way yeah he's uh they're
making a standalone venom movie with uh
with Tom Hardy in the lead no word yet
whether it will connect to the Marvel
Cinematic Universe
okay the real van's is speaking of dead
mole videos oh yeah I've always wanted
to break into and explore an abandoned
house there are a few up here where the
owner died and no one claimed property
etc does that make you weird
no no but a guy could potentially get
you arrested yeah I'd say that makes you
human
these people who do these dead mall
videos are taking a chance but everyone
like everyone likes to explore but yeah
how do you how do you have a lawyer do
you have an alibi do you have an exit
plan well there's some kind of abandoned
like Disney theme park somewhere I
remember somebody exploring that I don't
know I don't remember this I don't
remember this
like pirate land or something they
didn't actually end up doing anything
with pirate there we go I don't remember
I have known I have no recollection of
this no I certainly did not do it it's
an offshoot of Disney World
a water park that they abandoned Oh
interesting River Country look up there
we go none of us says yeah that's
Nirvana song I'm doing a Nirvana so many
good ones so many good ones I'm gonna at
y'all I love something in the way it's
pretty low-key forget about a song I
think it's super popular
yeah that's it's there I'm throwing that
out there there you go there you go I'm
just not that big on Nirvana
heart-shaped box I like that
guess Polly's good then Nirvana is a
hard group to pick a favorite song of
because so many of their songs are great
come as you are you to me as a friend
didn't someone just use that in the
trailer once recently Shh was it suicide
spawn oh is that what it was
I think Oh suicide squad someone used it
well on a trailer recently I want to say
so maybe not suicide school
suck its Killington
that's 85 says rich I made a mistake oh
no men Shadow Warrior from 2013 you have
the old one wrist Shadow Warrior classic
Redux according to your steam profile
I'm stalking right now rich you messed
up you best up man oh I'll have to take
a look into this I thought I had the
newer one it could be I have both you
messed up I could have it on like GOG
sure cuz not every game I have is on
steam when I get something on GOG you
will hell I will yes I know that about
you so I might actually have it and it
might be on my gog account yeah novices
Twin Peaks or the x-files turn Peaks
x-files by default I haven't seen much
Twin Peaks over overall Twin Peaks
x-files has some really phenomenal
single episodes but so much of it when
went off to government conspiracy land
instead of like let's look at weird shit
land so I've enjoyed some of the like
the Side Story standalone episodes of
x-files that didn't relate to the
conspiracy yeah I never even bothered
trying to get into the conspiracy
storyline because I knew that thing was
never ever going to fucking be resolved
right right between Twin Peaks is that's
something special right there Twin Peaks
behind should do a next episode about
killer tix in the woods I'm down yeah
exactly exactly this guy's driving
across the country does brains gonna
explode am in I'm in they did it they
did a fucking episode with a genie a
real-life genie
by the only one who didn't want to see
Scully and Mulder as a couple no I'm
with you I could be were they had they
had then then good chemistry is just
like professionals working together yeah
I didn't I didn't really feel it
romantically I can be with you
nice Oh what
what I don't fucking know I shot at that
and it is given it up which do you miss
episodic television miss episodic I mean
like standalone stories and not like
long yeah
do they not do sitcoms anymore they do
those are usually episodic yeah I'll be
I'll be sad that the new Star Trek is
almost certainly not going to be
episodic you know it depends on the kind
of show I I really love you know season
story arcs I think I think that's that's
really good stuff before the dina
depending on the type of show I'm not
I'm not saying one is always better than
the other and every single circumstance
right there's nothing to be said for a
show or you don't have to watch it as
part of a twenty five part story right
there's something nice about turning on
Star Trek and that yes there's the
mystery this week here's the issue we're
dealing with them that we're done we've
solved that issue there's something to
be said for that you know I can be with
you
Oh cousin salesmen I'd rather have Viper
fangs Viper fangs Viper fangs
anonymous says I'm in my mid-thirties
and have never been to a baseball game
it's something you have to grow up with
to appreciate I don't understand why
people like it no you don't have to grow
up with it because I didn't appreciate
it until I was in my later kind of mid
to late 20s I was not a kid though and I
think you have to go in person go in
person you know what you have to be
there in person not it's not you know
not like a TV thing you have to go to
the ballpark you have to take you have
to ask me a table whether has to be nice
here's what I'm going to say to maximize
results and I'm not a baseball person
but I'm just going off some other things
I know find a group to go with find a
group of people who you enjoy and all go
to the baseball game together sure you
got a nice beverage you got got a hot
dog yep you got a game going on where
exciting things happen but they happen
in short bursts that's why you need
again you have time just to relax it's
like a picnic yeah it's like a picnic
with assigned seating it's like a picnic
and every you know every now and then
something really like bases will be
loaded something really tense and
interesting will be going on in the game
yep and one when there's not just don't
even know
beautiful day out friends talking like a
picnic yeah
baseball is great
that's my that's all my the thoughts I
can express on baseball okay great we're
doing great
we're doing great find a nice minor
league team to we can get like really
close to the field you know you don't
have like some fucking cheap nosebleed
seats in a major league stadium that
would that would probably suck I would
huh actually I've done that that would
almost certainly suck sure relative to
going just a fucking minor league team
where you're you're fucking 10 feet away
from the field and it's great I like
that now I'm with it I enjoy going to
minor league games more than I do going
to major league game I mean it's the
same baseball right like it's the same
rules why not yeah but there's there's
an intimacy when you're close enough to
hear players yell at each other
well that's what I'm saying it's like
it's all the same shit but you get
better seats really it's more economical
like this there's something to be said
for for heckling a player on the
opposing team and he actually turns to
glare at you ha ha ha there's something
oh I totally did what's totally dead
totally worth it oh shut up you get that
that glare that death glare Bastion
that's terrible rich we haggled we
heckle look think like one time we'll
the good catcher on this team so much
that after the game we we bought him a
beer oh good well good we so much now
you know what I'm pretty happy with that
that's that's good work you have this
weird routine like he only had to like
tap the bat so many times like before I
would sway I wouldn't we'd count ha ha
ha oh you're terrible that's great you
know what I love it
I'll fuck this wand boost is the
greatest but I lose I lost my grenade
and it really is my grade so go to a
minor-league game is what I'm saying I
like it and go go there don't watch
don't watch on TV yeah get a get a group
of friends people you like go to a go to
it and drink some cheap beer get decent
seats in a minor league game I like it
rich it's a good call ever been to a
Brewers game yeah is alright team sucks
I've been new Brewers game I just don't
care
oh hello whoa that's a fun gun
Anonymous's rich how soon after meeting
Mike did you realize he was obsessed
with you I was trying to create some
kind of weird rich Evans mythology as a
slow realization he must do this with
everyone no no no just me Oh Oh I should
walk away why yo Mike you say over there
Mike Gallagher says I also caught King
Arthur last week Charlie Charlie Hunnam
was it yeah um kings of anarchy the
director needs a fidget stick gods of
Egypt Award of fantasy TV meat grinder
what do we got of 2017 lukewarm garbage
King Arthur would warm garbage toast it
was a fairly easy one to spot from mile
away when it well but that's that was
Guy Ritchie right I believe I believe
it's Guy Ritchie and so I think the hope
was this story that everyone knows but
with some style and from what I hear
there's just no there was no style to it
like it wasn't a Guy Ritchie movie
some got some blue guy chances to tell
you more about quake champions it's
free-to-play where you rent heroes with
in-game currency or play them
permanently with grill money
there's also crates with cosmetics
because overwatch of course I'm not I'm
not a multiplayer guy so they're gonna
they're going the free-to-play route
which is very interesting everyone
assumed when Blizzard announced over
well yeah we're gonna go free-to-play
and they did not but that that of course
went over gangbusters I assume they
would charge quake yeah
charge when you can right
son of a bitch son of a bitch look at
all these skeletons why are waving chips
so much better than normal
they're not I prefer regular chips wavy
chips yeah a few juice ruffles how
Awful's are all right yeah nothing wrong
with ruffles but you thick what turns a
pair huh yeah ah don't you know that's
okay kettle cooked has them all beat
kettle cooked is the way to go with
potato chips sure sure
I'm with you I've never heard it I've
never heard the complaint chips are too
thick that's great
want you want chip to have some meat on
it fuck way VR for dipping that's what
they're for is what you should use them
for yeah Wow
gave up on that quest I thought I
thought that we had oh no I'm because I
said it I realized it was just wrong
you have you had a right chip crusade
here then yeah fuck it never mind
I love the kettle chips I am unstoppable
oh hey boss channel a Basinski says not
counting best of the worst movies what
was the most painful miserable piece of
shit you've ever watched things things
partners now I love partners ok you got
there's entertainment but partners
there's entertainment there things is
unbearable why haven't we done anything
with partners we visas fuckin Christ
we've come up with an idea rich white
way we have an idea nobody's gonna be
able to find partners we have it we
nobody else who cares about other people
we have it get your head on straight
rich caring about other people we are
about to create fuck fuck fuck we are
about to create so much goddamn demand
for a movie no one has ever heard of
wasn't partners on the wheel years ago
know we usually use the wheel though for
non movies so unless it did you ever use
it for a monsoon once or twice we know
there was a Jim and Colin thing we did
where we spin the wheel so we got
Gymkhana okay maybe Mike might grab the
wheel and stopped it sure that might
have been on that wheel it was on that
wheel then maybe there we go partners is
something special something very special
that it needs it needs a needs something
len flex in ski says been showing my mom
rlm videos and she's a big fan of yours
I mentioned last stream she dressed up
as Kurt Cobain with a bullet hole I
showed her the stream of rich laughing
at it and it made her day good good
that's a great costume
meliss
lost in technical shows rich teleport to
North Korea put some super laxative and
Kim jong-un's drink before he gives a
speech then he'll poop himself in front
of the country and they'll see he's not
magical and really puse talk talked
about fun I had a baseball games now I
should ask them it just reminded me of a
story we're leaving a baseball I'm sorry
I Kim jong-un pooping his pants reminds
you of a baseball story that's the setup
that we're going with here we leave a
small Park once and this guy in front of
us is we're walking out yeah some kind
of special needs individual okay and as
he was walking we noticed this brown
who's running down his leg a lot lots of
it uh-huh and not all of the people were
paying much attention many of them
stepped in it and tracted all over the
fucking place it was absolutely
disgusting absolutely discussed it I
believe it shitty fucking footprints all
over the place that's very sad that is
very sad
please go to a baseball game it's great
just you know well look around you man
it's just this advice for everyday like
a watch where you step but he won't talk
about his worst fat experience because
that was actually scary just talking
about some pooping man like that's
that's well with it that's we're talking
about people pooping as well within our
wheelhouse it's disgusting and weird
yeah is what that is
yeah that's normal that's normal prereq
conversation right there
I'm too powerful this is great this is
great
all bow to me I'm Noopur wizard coming
see in 120 since yes hey Jack and rich I
love the show great
watching collateral the Michael Mann
film and I was wondering what you
thought of this film was also consider
it for review please thanks guys
not seen it I have not seen it it's
collateral the one with uh with Tom
Cruise I want to say yep I think I might
be thinking I mean you know I know I'm
not remembering exactly I like Michael
Mann as a filmmaker in general but
glancing at at the chat yeah just you
know I know we're we're not talking
about it but just just refrained from
Twin Peaks spoilers oh come on guys it
just came out this came out has no
fucking self control don't ruin it for
people who came here it's just tonight
instead of watching that immediately oh
cool man be cool oh man what are you
doing
headaches 1000 says hey guys I knowing
you like Starship Troopers
yes wanted to know what you think about
the sequels Starship Troopers two
three-and invasion also have you heard
they want to reboot the franchise with
lots of controversy now if they do a
reboot I have to imagine it'll be
something that's actually faithful to
the book kind of be it'll be a different
beast it won't be the parody yeah that
we got the satire uh I never really
bothered with the sequels because you
know I heard about them right right
I heard they're awful so yeah yeah
because I heard about them I never watch
the sequels because I heard about them
if somebody does spoil Twin Peaks feel
free to ban him absolutely absolutely
not cool we're all here having a good
time
where'd you see a having a good time all
you want to ruin it for other people
even if you're joking they don't they
don't know they think they're hearing
spoilers that's not cool man
keep it cool keep it cool dude it's all
we're doing or we're asking for you to
keep it cool we're trying to talk about
about special needs people shitting
themselves at the ballpark honestly and
that's what you guys tune in for that's
what's more important than Twin Peaks at
this moment is is people pooping their
pants so you know get with it
okay with the program I'm not not lied
about that you can ask Karen Xtreme
she's on it was a disgusting thing that
I saw I believe it here's the thing rich
I believe it
unit six third unit uh what the fuck
with it
oh yeah but were you get ready to wrap
it up no okay that's my bet that's my
bedtime timer it tells me that I should
go to bed if I if I want to get enough
sleep to function as a normal human
being I should go to bed I never listen
to that's your fuckin business I know I
set it up just to make me feel guilty
unit six oh three idiots else is Mad Max
the weirdest retcon in movies Australia
wouldn't get nukes since it has no nukes
so Nomad the first movie had society
falling apart but the second had full
waste lands what do you think it just
doesn't matter that much there there are
some movies that don't have anything
happening in the movies and so you get
caught up in those details you know like
he gets so bored that you're caught up
in a little who's in whatsit matt max is
not that movie for me I'm so caught up
in what's happening in the action that I
don't know I think fury road is stylized
enough that I'm not gonna get hung up on
something like that right right you're
just too caught up in what is happening
in the actual movies to start caring
about this extra bullshit maybe maybe
less so with road warrior which is
trying to be realistic and you know
relatively grounded and pretty sure but
but fury roads is almost like being in a
dream
it's an exaggerated world yeah I'm not
I'm not going to I'm not going to look
into the the like I don't want a fury
road prequel that tells me how immortan
joe got in power I don't care about that
mhm he's the guy in power I know he's
the guy in power because I can see and
be in power boom I'm more talking about
like the politics that got to the
wasteland one fact that there's a
nuclear war well that's what that's what
I'm talking about like that kind of shit
just doesn't matter Mad Max this is
where they are this is the story by the
way if you do have World War three
there's there's gonna be a lot of bombs
falling all over the place even if
you're not directly hid you're you're
gonna be affected by that shit oh and
not just bombs man like weather patterns
right that carries nuclear clouds all
sorts of shitty places mutually assured
destruction motherfucker that's that's
air buddy that's everybody's fault nope
that's not one on this one okay cliff
that would be true through destruction a
shut up shut up I hear you already
wasn't Mad Max first car in fury road
yes because those movies don't really
care that much about continuity they do
when they don't like they they took care
with like Max's injuries like the knee
brace from when he gets shot in Mad Max
like some of his injuries have carried
over oh yeah fun something like the car
getting blown up in the more they didn't
give a fuck about that no fucks were
given it's almost like it's a movie
right it's almost like it's all it's all
made up and they're just trying to have
some fun just some things they really
cared about the continuity of yeah
things you know that was a I remember I
remember reading an interview with Seth
MacFarlane about about Family Guy this
was at the height of the the second
surge of popularity uh-huh
and so I was like someone was like so
tell so tell me this
can people understand it when Stewie
talks or do they just hear a baby
because like sometimes it seems like
people can understand them and sometimes
people just treat him like he's talking
like a baby and it goes whichever one's
funnier it matters when it matters
who ate who heap and I know that's tough
it's tough for everybody here cuz
everybody here like us can be nitpicky
bastards about stuff like that but if
it's a good movie that stuff doesn't
matter then you just wrapped up in the
good movie if it's a boring movie that's
when you start overthinking it
wait you just figured he got a new car
that looked like his last car well you
know what he really liked that last car
so in a wasteland where you can't find
things easily and a car that was
supposed to be rare and special in the
first place yeah that's that's almost
worse than just the continuity error it
really is shit this is not gonna be
worth it yes yester noble kinsman he got
a new last of the interceptors oh my god
I can't believe a fucking did that I
can't believe it fucking did that no I
don't want that no I want my Oh what
what look at this look at this cool
sceptre whoa I want my other Hamlet
though no no what
not but I want that scepter there we go
yes sceptre of the undead shit yes what
was the most awesome movie before fury
road a favorite movie that can that can
change based on like the day of the week
and your mood alright since it's hard to
say you know our Fight Club fight comes
the fine movie my club is pretty awesome
it's fine movie I have issues with Fight
Club like I think I've talked about this
before where like I think it's a I think
it's a really good movie I think it's a
fucking good movie but ever everyone
around me at the time
saying it was a was like didn't get it
to the point of upsetting me yeah like
just so cool we should still room for
clothes sounds that's not was found man
no man let's so I think well I think
what we should do man is we should like
acts like how he may have acted you know
like stir up some shit now maybe you
don't get it man
I should are not just having fun what I
shouldn't maybe they get it but they're
just having fun
it didn't seem like they got it okay
it's that yeah you know what I will I
will add it to the realm of possibility
yes but it didn't seem like it
and Oh prom says have you seen the
trailer for Seth MacFarlane's new show
the Orval Star Trek parody that looks
decent and I know Seth is a huge Trek
fan so you might do it justice I haven't
seen the full trailer I've just seen
little bits here and there I think it
might be fine yeah Jack is Jack is less
enthused I
I think the Seth MacFarlane can be very
funny you know I like Family Guy in the
early days I actually I'm one of the few
people who defends Ted as a genuinely
funny movie I don't necessarily like it
when he's on camera yeah Seth MacFarlane
so having to look at him
I think like and and that might be like
horrible of me to say but he just looks
like an he looks like an asshole you
know and so but maybe that's part of the
character he plays so my work
whoa spikes fuck my club was about
reclaiming your masculinity it was it
was also about people controlling your
life and and switching one master for
another and finding out that it's much
the same and it's it's not necessarily
about reclaiming your masculinity it's
actually about the it's actually about
like the false masculinity that is
placed on you by society being masculine
being over masculine like if you think
about the character of tyler.durand the
character that Brad Pitt plays he's
supposed to be the antagonist he is the
he is the masculine persona that people
want you to have and he turns out to be
the bad guy we're supposed to be a
little more like what evolved then tyler
durden it's about reclaiming your
humanity not necessarily your
masculinity it's also about abandoning
this this corporate consumer society
that that kind of
trolls you and dominates your life and
they end up with Tyler who ends up doing
the exact same thing well right like
that it's it's about it's about the
trappings like it's not about your
consumer life and it's not about your
aunt ARCA stick life it's about the
people who control that right right
here we go here we go this corporate
life that wants to suck away your
individuality and then you're a Tyler
and you're chanting his name was Robert
Paulson
it was it's a big the same fucking thing
in a lot of ways of course that's that's
the fun
that's the fun twist that is the fun
twist of Fight Club
is it ends up being the same thing but
like I said I had a bad experience where
like a lot of people I was watching it
with just saw the core propulsion be oh
yeah corporations that's such bullshit
team mayhem more cool though like now
that's not the point
that's not for team mayhem wasn't cool
it's about finding your individuality
boom no thanks
what
oh I beat a bad big guy in boss
you
oh you beat it I beat it
oh all right oh well shit that was quick
I dead that's the farthest I've gotten
all right I I had some really killer
upgrades I'll tell you that I had some
fairly unstoppable upgrades yeah but you
know what I'm gonna say that was an
anti-climax cuz you don't even know the
fucking game was over I didn't know that
was an embossed Hey yeah that's problem
huh a little bit of a problem a little
bit of a problem unless unless it's an
Isaac situation where now that that end
boss is beaten I have to beat that
emboss and go to another and battle one
and boss an FTL we thought you would
never fucking conquer that thing yeah
yeah yeah difference different jokes all
right all right
different jokes told you guys to just
get through the Rustom so yeah that's
the tip so let's just hang out anonymous
says I'm not reading that and no I said
no means no god damn it and none of us
says it's true what's the deal with the
raccoon sweater and why haven't we seen
it in ages did it get lost
the raccoon sweater is kind of amazing
and it's still around hmm I did like the
game I do like this game I think it's
especially for the price I got by the
way which was you know three games for
five bucks including this this is this
is a really fun roguelike first-person
shooter except for the fact that it's
about magicians but in your head just
take that wand away and replace it with
a gun and you're fine
maybe you don't mind magician I'm sorry
for me for me I'm not a big magician
person but uh I'm kind of with you when
it comes to magicians even but yeah it's
a people doing at a wand so I in my head
they're just different guns
so shirt foxes hello I would like to
request a ban on myself for cheating at
bookworm adventures last stream I used
an anagram unscrambler to find the words
stegasaurus I am deeply ashamed lol
Chuck my Fox I knew that I knew Peter I
absolutely knew that was going to have
yeah that's why I was you know I see
these big words in the chat and like
they might they might be isn't you know
in anagrams cuz I know you could do that
yeah at the same time I just can't go
ahead and accuse everyone of the chat a
fucking cheat or no okay look we have
new game modes by the way now that we've
beaten the regular yeah we have new game
modes so for what it's worth I am NOT
surprised but I had to get people to
benefit him down and it's shame I think
it's actually a crying shame that we
can't just play and have a nice fun
bookworm that love somebody ruining it
somebody why don't you come in what what
is it by the way this is and and this is
something I know people are just trying
to get to the bottom of this like in the
in the cheater community yeah
like especially for online games was
just like what do you gain from this
cheaters
is it is it do you gain the the small
moment that someone says that that
you're better that you're smarter that
you're stronger until you realize that
you've just cheated mm-hmm what do you
gain from cheating I am Chester says is
sad that the body replaces all it sells
every seven years does this mean that
there are versions of ourselves that die
without even being aware of it
horrifying well have a nice day
yes that's horrifying but the question
is what is really you is it is it the
cells or is it the pattern which is you
really and maybe it's a little bit of
both and that's why that's what we call
character growth like getting older
getting wiser maybe that's just your
younger self dying how about how about
maybe that has nothing to do with your
pattern about you you invent some some
nanites okay that can perform a lot of
the functions of your body cells okay
and then you know over the course of
seven years you are slowly replaced with
nanites now you would notice no change
but at some point at the end of seven
years you would be a robot
or maybe an immortal badass robot you
would notice changes right and at the
end of the seven years like you grow
older and like oh I'm a little cower now
but then the seven years from then when
all of your peers have grown older you
haven't because maybe the cellular
change is part of the whole change of
the whole and it would be a badass robot
your brain doesn't get replaced rich I
just know I'm saying I take your brain
cells don't though don't they have to
well they don't know I mean no they
don't think you know nerves they don't
grow back together like you know that's
why by getting your spine severed it's a
big deal sure but I
this fluids being exchanged you know
they might be the same cells they might
not have the same atoms necessarily oh
shit oh shit
that's true about apple cheese fries you
are correct you are correct certain
brain cells according to mr McGrath do
regenerate just not all of them some
blue guy in chat says do you think
eventually will reach market saturation
with roguelikes
also I missed you reading my tip about
quake champions so would you mind
repeating what you said in response to
it I'm not a multiplayer guy so I'm not
like super enthused about it I mean I'm
glad for you and I have and I am a
multiplayer guy but I have no love of
the quake series so I'm also not super
enthused about it and okay finish moans
oh I was just gonna move on was there's
an exponent in regards if you mentioned
anything about quick one and somebody
asked about quake 1 & 2 - I don't know
if that was also you but when quake 1
came out my computer wasn't up to snuff
so I'd played that much quake 1 I played
it a little bit like when I was older
and had a better computer but I didn't
play the fuck out of quake 2 when that
came out because by the time that came
out I did have a new PC ok I believe was
a graduation present on high school he
was a wonderful wonderful time of quake
- yeah thoughts up 3 that was the
multiplayer focus quake I didn't really
play that and I actually liked for it's
the doom 3 engine without the spooky
shooter aspect oh ok yeah that's fun
it's fun right that's that's work Mo's
the other part of his - like a beginning
part is there
I want to say Oh market saturation with
roguelikes no no well of every game that
comes out as a roguelike then yes but it
but it was not it won't be yet it won't
be and you know what it just doesn't
like you can say like have we reached a
market saturation of 2d indie
platformers yet I'm sure there will be a
2d indie platformer that is so good that
everyone will love it right we've had a
market saturation of 2d indie platforms
and then owl boy came out and everyone
blew their shit over it was adorable
adorable a good game will always
supersede markets aperture H when
bumper-to-bumper she would do pushy
Batian so and that's what I was looking
up I've made a horrible mistake we have
our new stream deck here that we were
getting set up and it has a lot of
really fun buttons on it yeah
and in messing around with that I did
not turn on the Twatter
I'm sorry yeah you should be so we're
gonna have to do the old the old what is
it exclamation point subs yeah I've made
a horrible mistake that we are not done
reading tips by the way I'm so sorry
beefcake I am so sorry Jax fucking fault
it is 100% my fault 100% my fault
because uh we were we were setting up
this new thing and I'm by the way I bet
with I bet with this new thing we can
set it so we can just press buttons and
get all the things instead of having to
press buttons on the TV but uh today's
wins no today's Sunday play first yeah
okay stream started May 21st doctor
Talos hmm anxious hermit
saij Bigley TC 209 says since the wheel
is gone forever and ever
here's a replacement idea multiaxial
rotating dodecahedron of the worst
tagline it took twelve sides to make
probably that would be really neat what
if we got like one of those like you
know those spinners that the the Phuket
Ron's that you get into Oh God but
instead of putting a person in there we
put like like they said a 12-sided
dodeca dodecahedron you want to build
the ship yeah I'm working I'm DC 209 I'm
on it there's a it's bizarre Sagan one
two two zero four four twenty-eight
fucking months in a row thank you from
Shibboleth says at twelve months can I
get a prosthetic forehead to where am i
real head yeah why not you know what
though I mean first you have to get a
rock to wind a string around and then
you can get a prosthetic group forehead
and wear it on your real life first we
need to bash your four head in with a
rock so you can you know need a
prosthetic forehead that's a different
song you display a place to put it
that's a different song
song yeah don't you remember everybody
wants a rock to wind a piece of string
around everyone who wants prosthetic
foreheads on their real heads but then
um then there there was a different song
on flood about I remember head with her
running out I remember another woman
came up to me and said I'd like to
borrow your mind and that's the one with
hitting your head on a rock
ah where are we jay-ar our Lovecraft
says in the rlm media universe since
rich has diabetes jack is on chemo and
jay is addicted to hair down I propose
that mike has a form of high-functioning
autism to his explained his shyness
towards the stream nice just a jackass
and pretty much have 78 random bias Sean
for twenty fucking months in a row says
has anyone told rich that Vanquish is
going to be on the PC I always worry
about wasting my monthly note glad I had
important news rich in case you didn't
know
thank rich is coming to PC oh my god
dear Tesla BC baby kitten wine lore this
time it's lupus says almost of the big
to zero now time to come up with
something clever before I run out of
room to write some ah rogue no says hey
Jack hey rich thanks for all the fun
keep being awesome well do I back Jack
for twenty four fucking months in a row
says thanks for entertaining informative
and hilarious two years we haven't been
any of those things I've played a lot of
games heard a lot of opinions and
thought a lot of thoughts I probably
wouldn't have otherwise
lol Prima Rick that's all we can do just
fire some of them synapses captain super
Ranger horny culprit
uh I have jesters it's great work guys
now for the standard nagging comment
rich watch the thing okay okay verax um
Lambie or You Lambie says hello lovelies
it's um Lambie is an um lemme jammer
that looks like an M I think it's um
Lambie okay top fix says wait say that
again I wasn't listening okay well you
as soon as we're done you just take it
back up fix oh I get it
Oh house uh house actual house house I
guess I like German house house actual
house it house that house nazarone says
a league of their own
yeah span ghuli son golly span golly
Svengali for ten fuckin months in a row
fucking bastard that's the way that's
the workaround fuckin figured it out
another fucking cheater in the goddamn
chat that's what it is to me that's an
exploit like that's an exploit in the
system that's not a cheat and it's in
there you know until we patch it hated
until we patch the exploit suggest 22 um
desist and attempt what dis oh sorry
diseased tempest that's fine it's fine
yeah disease the tempest horse of rabbit
alright
high origin six says did you see the
size of her chest
what is she a fucking pirate and I'm
using hahaha did we did you go past one
I don't believe I did I'm just wrong I
don't believe he did you know I the the
great thing about pirating they got all
sorts of chests and all sorts of booty
that's why you date yourself a pirate
girl
boo booty always bring it I'm always
here with a fine booty comment doctor
smoked Reese's watch the Star Trek
legacy fennec it's my favorite version
of Star Trek the motion picture now Chet
the ant eater says love listening to you
guys on my Sunday nights
thanks to prime for the free sub yeah
sorry oh that's true
zere is like twitch prime oh yeah here I
do it if you are an Amazon Prime member
you get free monthly subscription to any
twitch broadcaster and we're just happy
that it you know no you know what before
times is not funny
you fucking you fucking broke the rule
of three four times it's not funny but
four times is might be unexpected enough
where I caught you off guard fucking
knew you were gonna break the rule of
three Jack fucking to it
see see see I make it let's make five
huh sorry chin Wow yeah for as really as
long as it's an uneven number that's
what you got 15 months in Rosa's 1.21
ziggurats woo what the hell is a
cigarette okay sorry that was the best I
could do for this month that was great
that's good you know what that should
have been the title of a stream 1.21
cigarettes that's a good title when when
we're cutting this up for YouTube later
we'll remember that for in a cylinder o
Koopa professor physics for 30 fucking
months in a row and unit 0 3 thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we really do we're gonna test
out our new button the new n button ok
we have a button it's not it's this
isn't the fight go horribly wrong this
isn't the final form of the
but theoretically
