Jun 11, 2017
Friday the 13th: The Game
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/159387973
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/159407115
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H3cB49hbId4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5CPDZeEcJrc
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/873984859022163969

[Part I]
some people might be confused with the
thing I tweeted yeah
was you know we were gonna start around
7:00 and we were going to play a game
called let's all have reasonable
expectations on whether or not Mike
comes to a stream which is a game we
will still play while also playing
Friday the 13th okay okay
for those who don't know there is a
video game out now called Star Trek
bridge simulator VR or something like
that yeah in which you get to put on a
VR doodad and be on the bridge of the
Starship Enterprise from Star Trek the
original series and since it has come
out everyone has said hey this is the
perfect opportunity for Mike to come to
a stream now Mike's gonna come to a
stream right of course Mike's gonna come
to a stream right but he's not because
Mike
rich and I you know I'll say yeah 15%
chance up from a zero up from a zero
okay all right rich and I there is an
open invitation as always - to - Mike -
Jay - Josh
there is always an open invitation and
we always stream at the about the same
time every week they know this
we have even tried to get Mike on the
stream before with like dr. Mario hey my
oh wait we can do this way you wanna do
this next next week oh yeah maybe next
weekend next week comes and goes yeah
righto
Mike's just not intro I know you know
I'm updating the chat right so last
night once again someone tweeted at
previously recorded hey get Mike on the
stream for Star Trek and as I always do
as I do a hundred times a day I say oh
it's not gonna happen one we don't have
a VR - Mike doesn't come to the streams
and Mike in some sort of mad power grab
tweets back sure I'll do whatever weird
thing you want
that is just my fucking lips oh oh I'd
say you do know this right I'd say it's
a pretty good chance that Mike's just
fucking with it in fact I I then texted
Mike to like give him the down-low he
has not gotten back to me and but now
that Mike has said that and now you know
what that could have even been Jay Jay
could have been tweeting just to fuck
with Mike it was just from the red
letter media these things are possible
these things are both possible and so I
I I just want to make sure everyone has
really realistic expectations as far as
the whole Mike coming to extreme well
thank you I just want like people are
not reasonable by nature they're
unreasonable their own people are very
unreasonable not just just a heads up
everybody be very skeptical
but how about that III uh rich and I
haven't seen any of you three we were
filming an episode and now we're
streaming so we haven't seen any III we
will on Wednesday will do kind of like a
like what we did last year well we'll
have a stream we'll watch all the
trailers we'll talk about all the big
III news and we'll probably make fun of
it just a lot of making fun of III news
yeah you some stuff that's never gonna
happen
have you talked about Neill Blomkamp on
our LM I did see that tweet Nia Blomkamp
wants to come on half in the bag really
to talk about stuff alien aliens
probably Nia Blomkamp said he'd come on
the show fucking show up wherever the
fuck you can walk in and we'll do an
episode just because he walked in ah
obviously that's the right answer
my guess is Mike and Jay are going to
schedule something with him but we do
not know anything for sure
maybe he want to maybe it's time
everyone revisits chappy Oh what is it
our fighting their infighting someone's
being a dickhead Moiz being a good
a conversation with Neill Blomkamp yeah
why not let's talk about district 9
let's talk about Cappy do we have a
weird white balance on the stream I
thought I fixed that but is it orange or
blue what is it I thought i fixed it
earlier after Richards done with this
round I want to fix the game which is
showing a very dark in in OBS I want to
fix how dark the game logs no in that it
looks extra dark yeah I want to fix that
does the game look dark I want to fix it
Jack fucks around I'm gonna fuck around
I think I'm just gonna find a good game
people have left they didn't die they
just left because they're their dicks
well they probably left because someone
is working with Jason that's what it
looks like yeah okay
a lot what does that do
nope can't see any of that hola nope get
out of here come over here so I can see
what you are thank you
looks a little dark we're gonna
traffic's it it's a dark game people
should still be able to see it scroll
sharpen color correction there we go
yeah you can criticize somebody's
working and still get along with them as
we have proven with max landis on
multiple occasions and LEM kappa since
the inland oh my god right there we go
okay now you guys can see you now hold
on let me take a look at our camera I do
with our camera here is my god that does
look sepia tone why is that you did and
then I thought I fixed it but alright
I've turned the white balance to auto
and still looks awful still looks off
right cuz it's white balancing on like a
dark don't you need something light in
front of the camera - white bang here we
go here we go that looks slightly better
ish what I think no you know I get you
know what it's gonna be fine you know
we're blue and we're in sepia tone
that's what you get I'm okay okay great
rich is okay with it alright fine
everything's fine all right great let's
go boom back to the game back to the
game still blue I don't care
it may be white balancing on Jack's
pasty thighs that is very possible then
I'm sorry then you just got to deal with
then how's my automatic white balance
even work I know normally you're
supposed to put like a white sheet of
paper or some like on a white board in
front of the camera and then white
balance it right but in general there is
what auto balance like autos like look
for the whitest thing can find and it
looks for the lightest thing yeah so it
could be on my thighs or maybe it's
picking up on the walls or it could be a
plethora of options but oh well but oh
well we're not gonna worry about it now
bridge commander Star Trek bridge
commander yeah you need like four VR
headsets to do it justice with your
friends right that's a lot of thousands
of dollars for what's gonna amount to
like one hour worth of game yeah ya know
and I'm sure like I'm sure that mike has
no clue what the game is doesn't
understand that it's a VR game so he'll
have to wear a goofy headset doesn't
understand that will have to buy a goofy
headset Jack's the whitest thing in the
room and I usually a.m. there's no
there's no oh that's a neat picture
there's no yes we are is a big
investment for like first generation
technology that's going to be quickly
outdated and you're still not gonna get
a ton of software for it yep we've got a
few people offer to let us borrow their
their software one person something that
to me proves the longevity of VR one
person got a hold of us and said hey my
vibe has been collecting dust
I'd be happy to donate it so Mike can
play bridge commander might take him up
on might take him up on it
well Mike that's in question will Mike
but well Mike right but you got keys I
was gonna be really mad that I wrote and
remember we don't have put talked all
the time I let's push the talk but
letting him know we have keys oh yeah oh
yeah come on I know I know
hopefully is just setting traps by the
car if he won't try to break it
he hasn't so far gone Thanks showed up
he set his traps quiet enough yeah I
left can I do the dance this woman does
in part for probably not such rash yeah
isn't care about the two shooter that's
my theory use its rich use it to your
advantage
I will you find gas and battery yeah
how's that how's the game looking now is
that a little brighter for everyone can
you kind of see what's happening now I
can already see it's it's brighter
so the Crispin Glover dance oh I can do
the Crispin Glover dance easy easy
great I could just check that one house
and we're done
you might be a new Jason he's probably
more interested in the for pushing car
yeah great great let's see here this is
your official did you guys watch today's
III conference tip you may answer
accordingly and talk about it if you see
if you did see it today was the
Microsoft conference yeah and I did not
as well
wait'll it's done and you hear the news
the Satanist way to do it yeah like
tomorrow I'll be I'll be like importing
all the footage we shot today so like if
you know if I'm around I'll probably
watch I think the Sony one is tomorrow
where's that tonight even are we are we
going up against the the Sony e3 tonight
possibly it's fine
possibly
Microsoft conference was not great well
you know that's why you wait for the
highlights yeah I'm not gonna watch like
three hours of a conference from all I
care about are the bullet points yeah
after the fact give me the new games and
if I want any more information on the
new games I will see the trailers that
are already online
what is the relevant news yep alright
there's nothing interesting going over
here nothing interesting going on
Bethesda is tonight Sony is tomorrow
Nintendo's Tuesday ok well yeah then I
might watch the sony nintendo ones just
because I'll be around I don't know I
don't know don't know don't super care
will dead by daylight ruin the the the
the players for this game I I did see
something about now that big fall-off in
players people who are playing this game
actively and the numbers have dropped
significantly
alright which obviously is it was a bad
party we played the Dead by Dawn I
didn't I didn't care for it much well
how do people just running in and out of
windows mag Dracula rich swag Dracula oh
the name the swag Dracula apparently
also on Twitch by the way it's a fine
stream a game you know why because ever
you know so many silly things can happen
and it's fun to talk about it yeah
you you have keys as well right
I have quintanilla gasps can no not swag
you like swag and he's talking as if he
is Dracula oh is he talking as if he's
Dracula or is he just Russian right
that's the question rich that's my
question
what is swag Dracula well I mean I you
can only assume that's a Dracula who's
got some style we need the gas
oh and he's dead sure do it do it do it
rich Jack you have style you have style
swag Jack I do not I do
I mean well everyone has a style I would
not consider my style to be stylish my
style is shorts and t-shirts many people
would consider me a scrub what TLC TLC's
then you know TLC famously does not want
no scrubs what like say yes to the dress
or something how are you talking TLC the
the the 90s the 90s I think you have a
channel I'm like a fashion show they
have I by the way I like that you know
like you think I'm talking about a
fashion show and it's like your wedding
dress fashion show what what whoa Jack
watch I probably say yes to the dress I
used to watch Oh what was the show it
might have been on TLC and it was a
makeover show with Stacy London and
and another man and they would they
would make over people Oh what was that
called
I used to watch it all the time and it
was the greatest fashion show because
these people were utter utter bitches
Stacy London and her and her gay man
co-host yeah they would just walk into
someone's life what not to wear thank
you you know what I'm talking about what
not to wear and they would just walk
into someone's life after secretly
videotaping them to show all of their
bad fashion decisions like you suck
here's why you suck we're gonna make you
not suck that's a great show thank you
are married to a woman right we would
watch it together and we would have a
great time her co-host looked like a
goofy Daniel Craig yes what it was his
name Stacy London and they were
wonderful they were wonderful bitches
nobody ever freakin guess
what is one of my thoughts on Witcher 3
after playing a little bit I was
enjoying the combat and I was really
enjoying walking around the world and
then some asshole kept berating me on
Twitter about all the things I was doing
wrong so I decided I didn't want to deal
with that house I'm I'm just not gonna
play it anymore because there's other
things to play and I didn't care about
it that much
I probably would have picked it up again
because I was having in general a pretty
good time for which for Witcher 3 okay
which are not which rich Witcher
interesting well it's also just a good
stunt just to stun him
it's good item but you know it was it
was a fine it seemed to be a fine game
and I loved the fact that I could just
walk around that you know what kind of
monster I ran into rich like right away
it looked like a Swamp Thing it looked
like a like a fishy Swamp Thing there's
a neat monster cool monsters button
Clinton Kelly Thank You Great Powerful
oz Clinton Kelly and Stacy London what
not to wear that was a fantastic show
that was a fantastic fashion show Swamp
Thing yep it was great so well yeah you
know I was having some fun playing
Witcher 3 I know I was skipping all the
cutscenes which a lot of people did not
like but hey that's what I was doing I
liked all the combat stuff getting into
the world but it's too much hassle too
much hassle
do you want to know
I'm here if you need me to talk him okay
I got my I got my finger on the tea I
think around the tea let's see here
spurious machinery says rich yeah how
are you feeling about Dead Rising 2 off
the record these days I noticed it was
on Steam and doesn't have games for
Windows Live save game losing bullshit
anymore
for an added bonus just haven't played
it much like a billion million bajillion
games all right okay there you go sorry
god I got Jason very nearby
yeah thoughts on the Black Panther
trailer look pretty cool it's getting
weird
they used a great song for the trailer a
little R TJ but that doesn't necessarily
mean anything because they used to run a
jewel song an iron fist and that was
pretty boring but it looks alright
that black trip here's the only thing
you need to know about black panther is
it's the same director who directed
Creed and Creed is a great movie so I'm
excited about like who cares about the
trailer it it it's gonna be it's
probably gonna be good because the
director has done good things before it
took Marvel this long to get weird well
no we're getting you know like with
Doctor Strange got a little weird with
it guardians gets a little weird with it
now Black Panthers getting like in the
Black Panther trailer one of the people
has on like Panther gauntlets that look
like they shoot stuff and they're
Panthers it looks straight up out of
like Mighty Morphin Power Rangers and
it's gonna be weird and so I'm excited
I'm excited no josh trank ever everyone
says that Chronicle is an alright movie
I've never seen Chronicle
everyone says Chronicle is an alright
movie but Creed is a great movie creed
is fucking great so like they took a
director who made an alright movie and
gave him the big franchise then they
took someone who is already handled a
big franchise like the rocky franchise
and made a fucking great movie
so trailer looks interesting I was
already hyped to begin with though so
the trailer doesn't do anything for me
Richard did you see black panther
trailer ok his Creed best of the rocky
series no it's just very good I'm a bit
of a purist and you know I'll take rocky
one
look you tried you tried to send him for
your friend but he was already stunned
Rocky won Oscars and shit right that's
the thing
rocky won won Oscars Wow
rogue assassin my ass well maybe he's
new that isn't it
rocky versus communism was rocky 5 there
was there's rocky then there was rocky 2
was that was fighting Apollo Creed again
then rocky 3 was mr. t maybe rocky 4 was
versus communism and then rocky 5 was
the street fight then rocky 6 I was a
street fight yeah then 6 was old man was
was Rocky Balboa and then Creed yes yeah
ok let's recount huh
Creed's like a spit more spin off than
sequel right you haven't seen Creed its
it said no it's a direct sequel ok I
mean it's it's kind of spin-off because
it has a different main character yeah
but it but it's also a direct you know
like that's actually that's an
interesting question rich that's a more
interesting question than I think you
realized what is this person doing on
the other side of the map away from I
don't know I haven't you know what I
have not seen Fruitvale station this is
not me I'm just spectating yeah but I'll
look into that I didn't even I don't
even know about for bill stations so
bill station apparently that was the
movie that the director of creed made
before Creed at the station with all of
the fruit it's the freedom
it's got bananas it's got some melons
it's got a a papal I made it out alive
and I don't I don't feel too good about
that because like pretty much every
fucking one else did yeah yeah what's
wrong with the webcam we turned it on
auto white balance in the
it's not working and you just got you
got to deal with that and I'm sorry I'm
sorry I just every on the Rockies
cinematic universe cover now it's I mean
it's a bit of a sequel and it's a bit of
a spinoff
it's not stuff to say cinematic universe
so desperate right so desperate everyone
wants one that's apparently all the
mummy is is setting up the universal
monsters dark universe right I think
it's just that easy staged oh now we got
some and I got it
it's funny that the only people who have
really been able to pull it off are the
people who invented it right
use your sweater
check it Technic script we already did
check OBS and we thought we fixed it and
apparently we didn't we're gonna be
sepia tonight you guys just have to deal
with our Instagram filters and I think
you I think we're gonna be okay with it
she even heading towards them she might
be new too
we don't know she doing this where is
she know where to go to find that
sweater Jason fell over in the fireplace
would any film benefit from a cinematic
universe besides comic community
Captain America besides I always sunny
in theory I guess he still doesn't stop
the money from swimming like a fairly
desperate attempt it's certainly not
organic
right oh you know baby maybe you start
maybe you don't even think about it
until you have a good movie
that's the rule that's your cinematic
universal rule because you're your
cornerstone for the dart universe is now
the mummy yeah
I like theoretically it could work in
any movie but what you would need is a
reason for it to exist so like a
character you know like the wacky best
friend in the romantic comedy is also
the wacky best friend somewhere else and
you know like crossover and shit like I
always thought it was really cute in the
view ask universe Kevin Smith's universe
like you'd see the same characters here
and there Jay and Silent Bob like it was
cute it was never it never made a movie
but it was cute
yeah wait until the movie does really
well then worry about the universe's I'd
already has it's it's making a ton of
money in China the mummy is going to
make a ton of money in China yeah so
it's done already it's it's it's gonna
make it a bunch of money it doesn't
matter anymore it's gonna be fine
everything's fine yeah I mean what are
you gonna do what are you gonna do man
nothing there's nothing we can do
well what's that reading what was that
reading about I was reading an article
about how who's in this movie Gladiator
what's the gladiators name Russell Crowe
is is dr. Jekyll yeah in the movie and
dr. Jekyll is playing kind of like the
wise older mentor figure to Tom Cruise's
mummy hunter even though he is actually
younger than Tom Cruise and I was like
oh I didn't even think about that I mean
Tom Cruise looks a lot younger of course
but I thought that was silly cuz I never
I would have never thought about that
does he at this point I how will this
time cruise oh how old 60s is he maybe
Jack Jack
too many I'm seeing a lot of mid mid to
late 50s so I'm gonna okay I've seen a
lot of 58 so I'm gonna believe that I'm
gonna believe 58 I'm seeing a lot of
58-54 x' mid to late 50s that's a lot of
numbers
he's a SATA 754 his real age okay I
believe that some mid to late 50s
that'll help
there will was I don't think he's in any
of the mumming garbs is he they just
give him decayed skin and it'll be fine
yeah I have to do something I have to
escape
doo-doo-doo-doo no you keep going for
the phone box man let's see here come
axiom hey Jack Emmert you've seen the
Black Panther trailer so what are you
company I don't know I think that's more
for me because I am you guys know I am I
am a big Marvel fan boy oh good because
I have a track record of making good
movies
I'm also you know I like Pixar like if
there's a new well except for cars three
came and went and no one cared about it
but they have a track record for good
movies and I like superhero movies and I
like that director so Pixar done uh-oh I
mean yeah yeah all their all their
talent is now straight up making Disney
movies yeah and even like even those
talents are starting to retire and leave
and be philanthropists or whatever the
fuck they care about right didn't car
three happen already that's how that's
how much I know about cars three isn't
it out and gone already
you know what I'm gonna say no
apparently not oh it's next week oh
that's how little I know about cars
three I haven't seen the trailer I just
don't know
give me a propeller and some gas and
just like a head arrow the rest of the
house before we go on air hello I don't
know
car three I've heard it's really
strangely dark I have not seen the
trailer but after cars two who can care
who can care about cars anymore I'll
defend the cars one I will and have
defended cars one cars two is an utter
piece of garbage mm-hmm
hey guys it says anonymous I work from
home and I'm thinking about moving to
Madison for the culture and cheap real
estate ever go there and if so what do
you think of the place where there were
a lot of it being pretty dumpy was there
once it's a college town so yeah you're
gonna find a lot of rundown houses
rented by people who don't care - about
the upkeep of those houses there are
some very nice areas if you are into
food if you're into restaurants man
Madison's the place to go they have
everything they have everything so you
know Madison's fine Madison's fine a lot
of right a lot of restaurants a lot of
cool clothing stores back in the day I'd
go to Madison quite often and they have
a lot of neat clothing stores if you
care about that sort of thing but more
importantly restaurants delicious
restaurants know what damn good con
ginga's calm gingka we're here to get a
gig at guest Cong bucket okay fuck them
now they have nice music venues over is
holy fuck rich you're getting out of
here they have they have some great
music venues in Madison and you know
because it's a college town people
actually come there so more people go to
Madison than they do Milwaukee they'll
usually do Madison and then go through
Milwaukee to Chicago
everywhere has nice music venues I'm
talking about the crappy ones well I
mean every place has crappy music venues
to the point is people go to Madison you
can see the bands that you want to see
cuz they actually come to Madison
that's a long time just to hang around
that pose he knows man probably gone
right
move slowly check it out you have to
here under says damage Jack quit paying
attention to what the fuck I say well
too bad he under yonder we were talking
about Madison Music Venues veronik
what does the flashlight do rich besides
give away your position
fear fear will fuck you up in this game
what does gear do makes your stamina go
down faster it'll fuck your vision might
even make you slower
all kinds of bad ana makes him easier it
makes you easier to find for Jason to
you'll show a bright red oh here's low
he might not detect you once he does a
sense thing okay you show up much easier
of your fear as hi and so the flashlight
reduces your fear level yes alright
that's fair being in the dark increases
your fear level okay it's probably the
more accurate statement mm-hmm okay cool
there you go get anyone else are you
just getting out of Dodge get out of
Dodge no one's near you fuck them
what you would escape on the keyboard
time to get out of here
either between leave behind
yeah
whoa settle down potential Jukes
sure if he's nearby
whoa was bad that wasn't bad
you got it you got it and kinase again
you on the boat very easily some Jason's
can move incredibly fast in the water or
is it all Jason's doesn't matter if he
teleports near the exit in the lower
sure chair doesn't really matter how
fast he is then Touche Touche
I was I was playing a game few days ago
no no I was playing guys Jason and these
two fucks I knew they were going to the
boat
they're heading there they're running
around with the gas running away from me
they weren't going towards the car going
towards them clearly towards the boat
huh I just let him go I turned on stock
which is you know Jason's stealth mode
yeah
just teleported in the water like a few
feet in front of the boat I actually sat
there waiting they kept fucking up I
said there I said there and waiting
while they fixed the boat yeah and the
second they drove they started to leave
with the boat I just jumped right up and
put him out of the boat and you kill
both of them nice nice
I could have ran around and chased him
through the houses yeah I want to go to
the boat yeah that's great that's great
rich
two people left you know the major
problem with this game is um you know
what I am about
I have about done but it's a play now
all right this is Jesus dream but I've
had my fill I think okay you've gotten
some good hours yes oh yeah I've got 60
plus yes yeah yeah yeah I've got a
decent use out of it um people keep
dropping the minitor match starts
because they're not Jason
you've never almost almost never get a
match for the full eight people really
interesting six or seven people because
um one always leaves then I Jason then
just re-roll try to see you see it so
and so left like the second match starts
sure yeah just to hope it to get in
another match to be Jason oh so bad yeah
yeah that's the balance right so yeah
for rich I'm sure this is very worth the
$40 yeah 60 Plus hours that's 40 bucks
worth easy and were you know rich he
does not usually care for multiplayer
games but you've told me that you've had
some bad experiences right you come here
yeah people working with Jason that
happened one time possibly the first
time this room we don't know they could
have just been to be able getting into a
fight with each other yeah yeah chat
microphone but I had one person who's
actually helping Jason going in opening
doors setting traps outside windows for
the counselors sure and then I have one
guy totally different problem he was
just a dick I was playing as Jason and
you bitch juice new boobs boots Jews
that you wouldn't wouldn't shut up he
was mad I wasn't I wasn't I wasn't
grabbing him so he could just use the
pocket knife or his friend could stun me
with the bad because they were grouped
up and they had weapons pick somebody up
they're just gonna hit you with a
baseball bat before you can kill them
and you get stumped right so wisely I'm
doing the proper thing in that situation
I'm not trying to grab them I'm just
swinging my acciden swimming they're
just playing like a bitch you're a bitch
bitch bitch bitch
whole fucking game and I didn't just
chase him down just to kill him because
you know I play Jason not like an idiot
right I don't get tunnel vision like and
I gotta check on the car they're trying
to fix I got I know
yeah you're playing that you were
playing the game eventually he's like
the last person fuckin left yeah I was
like I never got around to killing this
guy's land he's still doing your boots
juice your bitch is actually in the car
he got the car going I finally I stopped
the car I pulled him out of the car
finally I am gonna grab and I just said
shut up and fucking die as I twisted his
neck so the next round even though we
were both counselors she shot me with
the shotgun the second I saw it what an
asshole yeah yeah what an goddamn
asshole which obviously like that just
happens with multiplayer games sometimes
but still was the only thing I said all
match - I just quietly planted a bitch
you're playing like a bitch you bitches
juice the players every play oh man this
is the last thing I said was shut up and
fucking die this person is probably
waiting for the police to arrive and
then there's going to run towards the ER
there I think they are they near maybe
yeah that's at all sometimes it's my
thing to do is to be between two exes
sure it looks like they're very near and
exit there and so if that exit has the
police they're probably going to make a
run for it
so that's my guess is they're just
waiting for the police to arrive his
corpse right well Jason Kemp teabag and
he was the last devis or know the game
just ended you won I won definitively
being a bitch-ass Jason being a
bitch-ass Jason I I managed to kill all
of the counselors that was one where
nobody dropped out so it was eight of
eight nice yeah yeah congratulations
he tagged he teabag me when he just shot
me the second he saw me with a shotgun
both playing sound as counselors yeah
and he's so proud of himself god oh my
god oh oh look that's not the exit yeah
how's the gamble money that was the
right move for her situation
absolutely
one Jason galactic says one Jason called
me jackass with the keys I proceeded to
stun him four times in a row then he
went two out of seven and rage quit
before he got back to the lobby oh that
could have been very useful later they
probably just realized it Lana she can't
just run she's gonna run out of stamina
she has to be a little bit judicious
with the running yep and remember Jason
teleport okay there we go unless she has
another pocketknife Oh Jason wasn't
invisible Jason has the ability to
television his powers yes you need to
give Jason something to make up for the
fact that he can't run right he's got
kind of like a teleport slash quick move
thing yeah and he has a some of them
have like Evil Dead and quick move
powers yes I also like it like they're
trying to explain the Canon of like how
I can show okay you did forget it
teleports I don't know it's nice that
the Jason skins have their own unique
kills yeah pardon me for a moment be
right back
you know now that we're done now that
we're done with vanquish yeah I'm
looking for my next game to play and we
haven't really figured out what we're
doing yet so I have something I've some
downtime and I was thinking of picking
up Friday the 13th yeah just because
like I have enjoyed my time playing it
would be fun to team up with you and try
to get adjacent kill be fun it would be
man weekend a couple people here's my
worry about just playing it in general
though by myself is everyone who's
playing it seems to know what they're
doing well there might be matchmaking
you might be okay yeah I like I
definitely worry about being the the
week wheel you know but I've enjoyed
playing it here I enjoy watching you
play him you watch what other people are
doing just hang out near other people
right I'd be more inclined to play it if
I could rebind somebody fucking keys I
did although early on pissed somebody
off by doing that some people like some
characters characters have different
stats mm-hmm and someone who was playing
a stealthier character was mad I was
following them yeah she didn't shoot me
but she pointed the shotgun at me
I got the message I'm being selfie yeah
fucking making a ton of fucking noise
get the fuck away from me but they
didn't shoot you no they did not they
just think they think they got the point
across
that's great that's great
all right let's see here
Anonymous is going back and re watching
all rlm videos for the half-dozen
time it's fun to see rich get more
handsome with time Shirley J has taught
him the dark arts that be of both you
and J that beard it's deadly
I got a spear
oh I'm not I'm not making that
ridiculous claim I just met in general
both of both it with both of you with
the beards it transformed you but well
there's a wrench in it right something
let's see here Len nope
dish services guys I usually bug you to
play wandering Souls but today I want
mana to tell you I'm leaving for two
weeks so don't play it if I miss the
stream I don't know what I'll that's a
double fake you're hoping I would play
it to troll you but you will secretly
actually be there to watch I'm onto you
I'm onto you failed
for those people who don't know right
now gog has a summer sale going on and
so i did pick up i didn't pick up
wandering souls but I did pick up hollow
Knights that Metroidvania
adorable-looking being where you played
where you play as the funny person I
picked that up because it was on sale on
GOG and if you buy anything on sale at
GOG you get a free game called rebel
galaxies or rebel something looks
interesting maybe maybe we find Roger
that over here well we won't be able to
grab it yeah too much attention while
we're talking paintable a little bit
sure somebody what a helicase is your
mother oh maybe not her out I just heard
your mother
the Dragons fights neither rich and I
would be in charge when or if Neill
Blomkamp decides to come here neither
rich or nor I will be in charge of that
happening so we cannot give you any
updates as we don't have any that is not
our area but I saw that tweet I saw that
tweet he tweeted and he's willing maybe
or he was drinking so
yes gasps no gasps Lenin fly Kaczynski
says guardians to the Peter talks about
wanting to be like all the other kids
the guy that killed me I feel bad for me
I'm gonna come kill his ass huh somebody
killed somebody else hey you fucking
sweaty nerds where ya boy oh we got some
we got some talk I said it yeah neill
blomkamp said he wants to come and talk
about talk about movies and stuff
probably talk about chappie so it'd be
great if it happened getting me a
Blomkamp I'd want to meet him just say
hey man I really dug district 9 and
illicium was alright that's what I'd say
to him because I haven't seen chappie
happy chappie
okay so Len fly Kaczynski oh no I'm just
I'm just trying to figure out whether
this is a bullet now this isn't really
guardians to spoiler possible guardians
to spoiler don't listen to this if you
if you you know want to stay away from
that he says guardians to Peter taxi
Peter talks about wanting to be like all
the other kids was paid off when ego
says if you kill me you'll miss you like
everyone else I'm Peter says an awesome
if you were worse that would be
embarrassed that would be super
embarrassing for you basically yeah
there there was a line set up earlier
that paid off later which happened some
in guardians to I thought most of them
more pretty weak though and I still just
you know guardians to just didn't didn't
do it for me just whose fire pussy yeah
yeah my sorry nice
yep how's that taste like just don't ask
Jack about movies anymore I know you
guys disagree with me on some things
about the movies but you also agree with
another thing what my thing guardians -
not my jam I'm gonna I'm gonna head
towards the car and if somebody dropped
off gas by the car sure I'm stealing it
okay great I think that's a fine idea
rich vote twice and we're all will be
weird but I mean you got to play the
hand you're dealt right listen however
however you can get out of the situation
oh hello and bye didn't check the sounds
we did a very bad job we have no
distraction item self so that's bad
oh so hologram IQ you there there is a
one way to kill Jason but it's very
convoluted really you're just hoping to
escape you need a good group of people
that you can work together with yeah who
aren't dumb but most of the time you're
just trying to escape so rich is trying
to take the boat to escape he found a
propeller and he found a gas can and
then he can use the boat to get out
still pretty uh I've been to matches
where they came sickeningly close to
killing Jason I think just fucked it up
at the last minute they didn't know how
to do it properly yeah yeah yeah that
happens so like there's there's a
multitude of ways to escape Jason do you
remember the trap excellent I'm glad you
didn't say anything just in case you try
you you hit it and that would be really
funny
so no piece of fuck
shouldn't stop the drop gas that was Oh
richer came so close I should not have
stopped a drop of the gas yeah yeah
that's great that was fun though yeah I
was fun to watch she's the last one got
the battery yeah the battery for this
because people in this game are being
Petty and childish big V six six nine
one since I recently started reading the
manga berserk and it is possibly the
most fucked up yet amazing story I've
read I recommend it what is the most
fuck up fucked up story you guys have
experienced one thing ya know he appears
in front of you because it's a game and
Jason needs to be able to move and not
just slow walk or I'd be super easy to
just run away from Jason right secondly
that time he came out of the water he
was sitting in wait he knew you were
going for the bones if he were smarter
he would have waited until I started the
boat I would have been an easier kill
yeah the boat kill but that wasn't even
the same thing yeah sorry oh no there
was just a same a brilliant we've
actually beserk has been recommended to
us before a lot of people say it's super
fucked up rich what is the most fucked
up thing you've ever read or watched oh
great 2016 US presidential election yeah
it was pretty fucked up but all around
just about any one specific person all
around me is probably extra know that
seen an extra I was pretty fucked up
where the guys birds like the full adult
male
I owe riches rich has he's writing for
Jay Leno he's got all the topical humor
that's great that's this Florida Blues
says I Jack I am an assistant brewer and
beer server at so cow brewery we mainly
have Belgium's and West Coast IPAs could
I mail you some of our bruised and swag
for you and our lm2 enjoy lol drink my
drink dysphoria blues here's something
you know it is quite possibly illegal to
to mail any sort of alcoholic beverages
in the United States so we we certainly
cannot recommend that you mail us beer
and that you wrap it really well you
have to wrap it really really well
before you encourage somebody I'm not
encouraging you should not we all know
what your email us beer you wrap it oh
no what you are really doing so what are
the penalty should you get caught I have
no clue that is not that is not my
concern rich cuz I'm not mailing any one
beer
I met a void a return address there we
go now you're talking
it's different by state-by-state art
which videos admissible as evidence
possibly but again I am saying that you
should not mail us beer and wrapping it
well as to them and you should just
always be free if you're mailing
anything not beer
you should wrap it very well so that it
doesn't get damaged during transit
that's just that's just general life
advice rich richer they might announce
XCOM to expansion at e3 during the PC
Gamer event that's neat but instead of
like watching a three-hour conference
I'll just wait until it's done and get
like the news get all the info maybe a
little trailer yeah I don't understand
why people watch the comedy I just don't
get it it's it's a like one you want you
want to be one of the first to hear
about something you know you know what I
don't I also I I I usually enjoy hearing
something directly from the horse's
mouth versus hearing it from a news
organization who's reporting right okay
like like I'll watch the Apple key notes
because I want to hear what they have to
say about it I don't want to read
someone's analysis of what they have to
say about it yeah so that's a reason
also it's it's just a it's a hypo vent
right like you you wanna you want to
feel the excitement come on feel the
Noize girls rock your boys
so but we will we will snark all over
all of the ìiî announcements on
wednesday we'll do another one of those
things where we'll watch all the
trailers well we'll see all the
important stuff and we'll snark all over
it I'm sure
well ii like listen isn't creative just
watching and criticizing III trailers
does that what is that I don't even list
that ah probably gaming talk show okay
they're doing a special they're doing a
special thing with a like a special
hashtag that you can add to your title
yeah and then if you add the hashtag to
your title people can buy something yeah
and if they buy something money goes to
a Humble Bundle charity that's nice and
so we'll probably do that on Wednesday
yeah so that's nice they did they're
doing something they're getting
streamers involved so oh and apparently
there is it just an e3 category great so
we can just put it under the e3 category
great
what what my bad but let's see here oh
it's some blue guy in chat says what do
you think of the concept of $1 one hour
it's the idea that a game is only worth
its price if you can play it for at
least the same amount of hours as its
price in dollars yes no you can't cost
60 bucks let's say you play it for 50
hours but it was extremely fun yeah then
maybe not so much
yeah gaming stuff gaming stuff
I would like cheaper games I think
that's not a bad rule I don't
necessarily know that it works all the
time right right to me you know the the
only as far as length versus money spent
you can look to movies right a movie is
in general about 2 hours long and you're
paying
what about she's she getting on with the
police I don't think the police are
there that just could be weird
what the fuck is this Jason doing Oh
dancer back when he's fair he's fucking
with her oh oh he's trapped what did you
do
Oh fire fire I thought I thought she was
trying to shoot him Jason's just waiting
in the bushes that's great that's great
movie movie time two hours for ten bucks
yeah we're okay with that to go see a
movie in a movie sure we don't always
see movies and movies sometimes we wait
so they're on video or Netflix or
something I'm giving you an amount of
time and how much money cost we are okay
for five bucks an hour right and that's
what we got we got five bucks an hour to
go see a movie
so fifty bucks for two tickets popcorn
and a drink oh sure I'm just I'm I'm
trying to quantify an amount of time and
amount of an amount of mice in two hours
for ten bucks five bucks an hour games
are a little wishy-washy our little
wishy-washy
everybody you know a game a game is rent
is generally 20 hours right that's like
a normal game 20 hours I don't know
various really if it's about how much
you enjoyed the game there's too many
variables in this whole how much is a
game worth how much did you enjoy it
do you think it was worth what you paid
and there's no definitive rule dollars
per hour and real thumb maybe and I
don't think it's a terrible rule of
thumb dollar per hour hmm maybe maybe I
really don't you don't I don't know that
it applies 100 percent of the time right
that's definitely just too many
variables now let's see here
why does Mike keep pretending to not
know the names of stuff in videos he
doesn't pretend who does that nerd think
he's fooling he doesn't pretend he
doesn't pretend also Fistful of Dollars
versus the good the bad the ugly which
one's better rich uh Fistful of Dollars
okay I have nothing to add to that I
haven't seen either and they're all
great the trilogy is great I'm partial
to fistful - I haven't seen him in so
long I like the ending I like the ending
though it's been a while he's wearing
the world's person bulletproof vests oh
yeah yeah yeah I am
Oh
Jaso oh I miss Jason no no oh that's not
that one your honor they already kill
them all Jason power box them for money
we have the hook in this one though
that's fun everybody likes to hug em see
Lucas rebel galaxy is a fun game would
make a good stream I've actually
recommended it in here in the past fun
space combat with ship customization and
great blues rock soundtrack thanks for
the stream yeah and it's it's free if
you buy any game during the GOG summer
sale right now you could you get rebel
galaxy for free so and it's a pretty
killer sale a lot of games on sale for
done GOG so it looked interesting and
someone mentioned that it was there for
free and I said ok I'll give it a shot
oh that motherfucker just jumped through
the window rich he's dead he's dead
our real objective is over here I don't
care about him so much right now
yeah the car is there a bigger no phone
oh the old trap by the phone maneuver
I have not gotten around to watching the
new Twin Peaks I've been catching up on
Fargo season three which is lovely
which is a lovely show and it's starting
to get to that point where the insanity
is wrapping up and I'm really enjoying
it oh he's what he's just right there
too late the animation started oh nice
you buy the car to die the hoods that
mean that means hitting on the hood they
got the battery in I got the battery
they have gas yeah you saved bulk ass
gas safety I'm big on safety I know
you're big on gas safety I think that's
great I think it's great I think it's
great to do vaccines says vaccines and
vaccines cause Islam says ello first
time on stream pretty excited not much
more to say thank you for existing
especially you rich Evans you sexy mofo
hashtag gay forge a hashtag bitch 400
that's upsetting nice pants great pants
this is a massacre fuck yet is oh shut
you Tommy Jarvis did motherfucking Tommy
Jarvis how did they fix the phone with
your crap there question is did I get
that soon enough did I get that soon
enough
oh for calling the cops yeah they went
they might have got one over on me
sure well so now they have it's possible
they have five minutes right I feel bad
for laughing at you murdering people but
it's it's so entertaining I think I'm
gonna have to get this jack did you make
iced coffee today it was damn hot yes I
did it was damn hot and yes I did I
haven't busted out my cold brew up he's
done I just think he was done
I have yet to bust out my cold blue but
I've been using my arrow press just to
make a couple shots pour that over ice
Tom is nearby okay how many left you
know phones still unfixed which is good
for me yeah yeah yeah decent amount left
by the boat wait is anything fixed on
the boat hard to tell
oh no it's not the propellers not on
because then the the thing goes down
when you put the propeller on so it
doesn't look like they've done anything
I did something a little bit stupid I
need to reach wrap that phone hmm rich
rich what do you consider a win when you
play as Jason killing most of it come
from me I want at least six hey deaths
sweet that's fair that's fair depending
on how many people are playing goodbye
the sweatshirt I don't give a shit about
that I care about this this needs to see
did they get it that without that's
interesting
it's worth it well maybe maybe the
button maybe I'll fucking triple trappin
does I know they got the fusion which is
bad for me sure where they die where
they buy the maximum number of campers
is seven seven campers one day seven and
then a dead person can come back as
Tommy Jarvis Oh dead or escaped sure if
they do the time of Jarvis thing if they
do the radio thing oh hello
oh there's a fourth point that's it you
think they're going for the Jason kill
oh they need to do a lot more damage I
mean they've done and they don't have a
sweater and let's see anyone with a
sweater nope second Jarvis their girl
didn't anymore yeah she's really dumb
yeah Jack have you been listening to any
new music I've been listening to this
kind of dreamy garage rock band or
singer called hazel English really good
album if you're into sure you know it's
like it's like pretty droning grungy
guitars and a pretty reverb filled
singer hazel English
if you're into that sort of thing so
what are the steps you need to take to
kill Jason
damaging enough to get his mask off and
then some female character needs to get
to Jason's Shack put on the sweater
uh-huh then they need to use the sweater
to stun Jason well specifically Tommy
Jarvis uses a machete to kill Jason nice
I love how convoluted it is to kill
Jason well right he's he's an
unstoppable murder machine that's kind
of his thing terrible at the show oh
he's got all the weapons baseball bat is
like the weapon to use to wait so was
Mike joking or was he being for realsies
most likely he was joking
the other option is he meant it but now
we'll forget about it and doesn't really
care Oh didn't close the door probably
should have
make sure your Tammy gets the mask no
that's false what Tommy doesn't need the
mask that's false oh okay
you just need to knock the mask off
you didn't even knock the mask off the
man's but the mask does is it lets you
enter this Jason Shack without alerting
Jason which isn't necessary but helpful
oh okay sure so if you have the mask
first you can enter the Shack without
alerting Jason okay the person with the
mask in it for them I'm with you I'm
with you man rage mode full-blown rage
mode oh oh
like reference he said he might be on
stream today no he said he would be
willing to be on stream at some point to
play the Star Trek VR game
don't take that promise too seriously as
in general Mike I mean he's been on rich
we've been doing this for over three
years now how many times has Mike been
on stream twice once once maybe twice
one and a half times so I I would I
would take any mike saying he'll be
under stream with an incredible grain of
salt co-op and don't shit your pants
might have been the same stream
see here what we got here um Texas
Panhandle it says do you think this game
could be refreshed with new maps ways to
escape or once you have the mechanics
down it just loses its charm oh yeah
either I bet there's a ton you could add
to this game oh there you go
nice this game has a lot of potential
and you know the more I watch rich play
it the more I'm definitely gonna buy
this I want to do this cool thing you
know and yeah we'll work together we'll
get a Jason feel that sounds like a
great idea are you lady I love that I
love I love a juggernaut Jason just
walking through walls that's beautiful
nope she I think she just pop up yeah
she did
oh you whiffed very sorry
is that all that's a clean winrich nice
clean why purple blood because sometimes
the shaders don't work no no you're
doing great I'm having fun gibbering hi
i-i've been day drinking today there
were I was at a child's birthday party
today and so that that and it usually
involves day drinking uh uh so I got a
ride over here Rich's giving me a ride
home yeah yeah and I'm just I'm just
hanging out I'm still drinking because
you know once you start start early
today what's the point stop your
children's birthday party this is what's
the sign it's fine we were all drinking
I didn't hurt anybody on purpose
Jack confirmed for the highlife
absolutely no I could you know I could
see like a lot of neat DLC for this game
I know the woods is a really great
setting and that's the classic setting
but I'd love a different setting space
Jason that'd be great putting that out
there or even you know like a like a
little more suburban setting like a like
a cul-de-sac for this I know that's not
necessarily Friday the 13th houses for
people to go in a little different
suburban area would change too much you
couldn't do it you couldn't do it
couldn't do it didn't do it you know
what this is my inexperience of the game
talking yep possibly you'd have to
change a lot of the mechanics sure and
the time would ruin everything what
about a farm what about cornfields it's
chance keepers work yes ski resort Megan
work okay corn fields corn fields
children destroy a children in the
corner expansion
okay doobie sandwich says would either
of you consider would either of you
consider to be a well-spoken or a well
written person aka do you communicate
better in text or vocally I'm probably
better communicating in text yeah what
do you think you've talked to me and
seen things I've written in text form
yes fine I'm terribly the way you get
your ideas across verbally it's hard to
say text because you know just like a
lot of times you just don't write back
so well it's quick things right I don't
bother writing back if I know I'm gonna
like see you know what an hour - yeah
Jackson where might say okay I'll
respond okay exactly
no that's not you Roger
I'm probably better written down it does
take me a long time to write an email
like I'll write an email I'll look at it
I'll reread it a few times make sure it
makes sense I'll adjust and so therefore
it I'm probably better at communicating
written wise okay that's good
what-whatever the fuse box is but yeah
it's right there already so as Jason you
you try to head towards the car or the
fuse box right away that's what I try to
do sure I'll speak for everyone
it's so early I don't think he has his
uh his vision sense power yeah sure sure
I'm gonna take a chance that he is just
destroying ship for future reference
okay that he will wreck some doors
windows put a trap down and leave sure
sure very possible as is what he did
okay nice so rich wrote the descriptions
on the YouTube videos well whoever
whoever cuts them up writes the
descriptions if I cut up the twitch
videos to YouTube I I'll do that but
that's what usually Rich's job so yeah
which usually does that tactics yes he
is tactic Inge the shit out of this is
that a scam it's a scam okay well you
know where the gas can is can you place
markers on the map
Wow few situations where that would be
sure handy rich edits the YouTube videos
so for the YouTube videos well you know
we'll take the stream which is usually
four hours long and then cut it up into
one hour to hour chunks for YouTube and
so either rich or I does that usually
rich and write a little description
about it and then like if rich cuts up a
two hour chunk then I'll take that video
fill in all the tags make the thumbnail
and Photoshop and the scheduled release
dates and all that stuff so it's team
effort perks am I using right now I'm
using the perk that lets you start with
the with a map I think I also have the
one that lets you start with a walkie
talkie I think yeah you have a bucket oh
yeah
and you did not pick one up so yeah and
also there's I've got a great one for
fear at night in darkness for East like
six percent less fear Endor
nice fear is your enemy fear is your
enemy no smell if you're playing
stealthy and surest buckets and she has
a high high stealth rating no good okay
Creek Nation rich definitely thinks this
game is worth buy I check that out
before you got here you have 60 Plus
hours into this game and that and to me
that means it's worth buying you get 60
Plus hours
does he if you've messed that up yeah
Jason gets an audio cue oh yeah yeah
shit I'm just getting the fuck out of
here
play cool yep play cool we're gonna head
south of this house itself okay and I
will tell you from the little I've
played it and watching rich played I am
buying it because I want to get into
this I want in on this cool horror game
yes that does say a lot considering how
much I don't typically get into
multiplayer yeah what the fuck is that
that's the fuse box a phone okay well
right back where we started
okay I ran to the car because I found
the gas now I'm heading back down south
I didn't want to stick around by the car
right right I didn't think that would be
wise alone maybe if there were group
with me I would brave searching some of
those houses but sure no all right it's
off at South young man is it horror
this is classic horror this is no it's
this classic horror a based on classic
or yeah obvious to me it feels more like
survival sure sure okay isn't that just
what horrors potato potato
it's Friday the 13th going to be the
next prereq review we haven't decided
actually but maybe by the time you play
it enough exactly it'll be like game
woven out for a month it'll be way done
so probably not nothing I'm nothing I'm
against the idea
uh-huh I'd be able to throw down right
now car keys and a battery right a
uncanny collie said unsolicited game
suggestion prototype open-world
third-person brawler with stealthy bits
you play as a metahuman not Wolverine
during the first days of the zombie
apocalypse interesting thank you for the
game suggestion huh farted says good
evening can you tell me about the
gameplay for the have realistic
expectations of Mike coming to extreme
game the title sounds promising sure so
the the gameplay is it's it's mostly a
mental game so it's a lot of strategy
and most of that strategies just
involves having a basic understanding
nothing nothing nothing
everywhere I turn there's nothing basic
understanding of Mike and his ability to
composition is that just music fucking
with you
rich already has a machete he doesn't
need the wrench on the table
oh wait or he does apparently shit all
right wrench is better at stunning Jason
okay now if you're trying to get a Jason
kill the machete is gonna be better
towards getting the mask off okay
okay there's a different sun damage and
like health damage for Jason these are
the mad stress right now if you're going
for a kill you you you almost need to be
with a somewhat coordinated group right
I am NOT alright nobody has done shit
with that car fucking useless pricks
rich yeah what do you guys think of the
latest doom game looking back on it now
love it it's still a fantastic fantastic
game they have fucking fantastic
everything about that that 2016 doom
just fantastic most fun I've had in
years the video game yeah they got it
right they got it way right Jack yeah
for you trapped rat the mad trap strat
that's awesome rich you got it you got
it oh it's gonna work he's gonna bust
through that door thinking he's so cool
trapped rat who is farting uh rich is
making mouth farts whenever either
someone subscribes or I forget whether
that's a subscriber a tip but it's it's
rich dude two knives now yeah nice nice
general Gore says whomever would like to
feel this go what do you use to bind
your frag truck i frag chuck I use
xpadder you have to use the top trigger
on the chuck to get xpadder to recognize
it totally a Jack question I know we
don't use anything it just naturally it
just naturally is WASD for the joystick
and all the keys are already bound to
things on your keyboard so then just
the game you have to you have to you
know find out what key does what and
what you want to do with it so our Frank
Chuck we just plugged it in and it works
and it's a keyboard analog that's it
give me something give me something
other than jumpscares
music stirs Jason's who aren't here yeah
that music was definitely fucking with
you so I don't use anything for my Frank
Chuck because it just kind of works
right out the box for me someone was
asking us through email about the Frank
Chuck recently as well and apparently
having similar problems and I'm not
having that problem so is the music
glitching no we everyone's all it
there's like a different type of music
that's just got your music but it's it's
supposed to fuck with you it's the music
so yeah if you're paying attention you
can tell the difference yeah
Plus that if Jason is using stock you
won't even hear music form let's see
here sis Burling says please tell my
girlfriend Holly to put down her phone
and give Christopher a kiss for fuck's
sake
Holly you do whatever you want you know
like that's your relationship I I'm not
you know if you feel like kissing
Christopher go for it but Holly you are
your own woman
we're down to two people this isn't
looking good right like now you're
basically just kill me killing whittling
time right yeah yeah corpse so Holly you
do you girl
you do you what it sounds like to me is
that Christopher instead of engaging
with his girlfriend is being super
passive-aggressive about it and passing
the blame whereas like Christopher if
you want some accept on my trap ah he
said to my trap wait the door trap yeah
Matt Dorset's
mad door strats boom so Christopher if
you want your girlfriend to kiss you
then you need to initiate that you need
to have that conversation if she's on
her phone you should be doing something
to engage her more than that hey that's
on you Christopher get it um boom rewind
shock says I'm watching Trainspotting to
finally damn Danny Boyle can make good
films probably the best sequel to a cult
classic ever made did you guys like
Trainspotting maybe your review too
popular you found the keys oh hello
oh hello
oh that's right we you know where the
gas is oh you already put the gas in did
you check by the car is there a battery
buzz oh okay yes too concerned with the
moving right to the Chris to a cute
stream I said no that wasn't about the
woman being right that was about Chris
not being a passive-aggressive asshole
that's there's nothing I hate more than
that type of going around the situation
behavior if something is bothering you
about the way your partner acts talk to
your partner about that
battery I've seen Trainspotting it's
fine movie I don't think your chance or
cares review but one and one thing only
cares about the battery right care about
finding the fucking battery it's I I
don't think Trainspotting is too popular
a film to do in review as it just
doesn't remember I just don't think any
of us have any strong opinions on it
it's the problem probably probably
anonymous says hello guys weird question
for you guys how do you guys feel about
making new friends I don't necessarily
mean me I just mean in general thanks
making new friends rich Oh rich is
looking for a battery he's not gonna be
able answer okay making new friends yeah
now you know it gets harder as you're an
adult just because your schedule gets a
little more what's wrong my old friends
huh your old friends button how do you
feel about making new friends don't care
they go man you need some batteries
oh hello trap goodbye trap you'd use a
pocketknife just bring a trap nice but
you know I've made some friends as I've
gotten older it's all fine it's its way
it's weirder making friends as you get
older but it works if you're looking to
make friends join a club and do some
activities activities always mean
friends using gases by the other car its
Cuddy Oh better yeah probably
let's see here have either of you
watched a played or watched life is
strange
it's a story driven pretty emotional
game about a teenage girl who can travel
through time and its sequel prequel
thing got announced today no I've not
played life a strange rich played life
estranged I don't even know if I heard
about it so story driven not generally
my thing I'm over gameplay person I like
the game games the games with the
gameplay yeah like the games with the
gameplay what a movie I'll watch movie
this is the thing lots of great movies
story bait adventure it's a visual novel
you hit the button when the button
prompt comes up on screen it's a visual
novel rich
there's no one else to distract oh oh
he's just looking yet he's just looking
for you I'm sorry Richard I've kept my
fear down I'm hard to find this the
advantage of keeping your fear down yep
got a flashlight on yep I've got my
darkness perk yep so really like
basically if rich can find a battery
he's got a chance cuz anything up in a
car I don't know but it's just you so
once you get in that car and that car
starts moving Jason will know exactly
where the fuck you are yeah yeah yeah so
at this point have you been playing long
enough to just wait it out I would get a
two-minute warning
you haven't gotten the two-minute
warning yet you still have a pocketknife
in case he grabs you should be two
batteries in this map I can't find
fucking one of them right now I'm
fucking one of them died carrying it
it's sitting in the middle of the
fucking woods yeah
I'm about ready to die wait did he did
he come by just leave did maybe I mean
the music's not playing anymore
did he think you were somewhere else
Oh oh no he's right behind you
do-do-do-do-do hey hello Jason hello my
baby hello my darling hello my ragtime
yeah send me a kiss my why baby my
heart's on fire you need to know wait
pocketknife
Rock a knife like a knife run run run
head to the car and pretend like you're
doing something with the color fuck is
that gonna do for me because then he'll
stick around the car what I don't know
that's my strategy
none you know I don't you know I know
none of the things Jack will get you
killed
ya never listen to Jack rich knows
better than than to listen to me
you made it pretty far though yeah I
made it pretty
come to mommy G come to mommy
tis just a flesh wound let's see here
captain spicy Wiener sir Jack thoughts
on MF DOOM I've been listening to born
like this on repeat for the past few
days one of my favorite albums ever you
know what I'm a big fan of hip hop and
indie hip hop and I have never listened
to MF DOOM that's going to mean almost
nothing for a lot of people but he is a
big figure in the indie hip hop
community and I've just never gotten
around to it so I have no strong
feelings on MF DOOM Chad there was a
battery somewhere I just didn't find it
oh it not for lack of trying you looked
everywhere somebody probably had it died
in the woods mm I guess yeah yeah I'm
sure I will get around to MF DOOM
eventually
Kennan I'm gonna change my Jason just
kiss me oh yeah
stab adjacent than I do it can lab
izinski says I just re-watched feeding
frenzy for the first time in years and
realized that Jack played Plunkett's son
in the movie in other words how much do
I tip for Jack to call rich daddy for a
full stream not you
yeah but then all I could do is like
just call you daddy once that wouldn't
be in the spirit of a dumb yeah but it's
not like I ever say well I guess I do I
say rich what do you think about this
rich what do you think about that whoo
best tip ever how much to call Richard
daddy for a whole stream that's you know
what just saying that that's weird I
know I wouldn't I wouldn't take it I
wouldn't yeah I probably wouldn't do it
never make any bet that you're not
willing to pay off on well and that's
what I'm thinking about like a dollar
amount that would make it worth it but
it's also reasonable enough where
someone could pay it you know I'm not
gonna pull a rich Evans final fantasy
ridiculous number but you know it's not
gonna be like 50 bucks or anything like
that but no brah I probably wouldn't
because I'd get really creeped out
never never gamble
what you're not willing to lose so
agreed red shining green check is the
guy in the photo who's no in in feeding
frenzy I play Larry mister Plunkett's
reanimated dead son
you can decline tips no you can't
decline tips I mean we don't have to
read whatever people write button so you
know like but I just probably I just
wouldn't call him daddy because it's
weird 750 bucks or however much of the
vibe costs no no if someone if someone
wants to tip that much specifically for
us to buy a vibe
the the cheapest I was able to find was
on Amazon for 800 you go ahead you tip
and we will buy a vibe and we will
probably play one game yeah that's how
it's gonna work and we just won't
probably won't care but if you got that
money laying around you go ahead you go
ahead and we will buy a vibe and it will
sit here and collect dust I am in pork
pork in space invisible strings I'm the
one making fun of Lionel as he's
sweeping that was one of the very like
that I I did that really soon after I I
was in the Grabowski 's and Jamie did an
actor and and he said oh you know I want
I want you to come you know your
character walks up to this guy who's
sweeping and I just want you to make fun
of him
endlessly and I had never met Ron Ron I
had never met Ron Lipsky before and so
just like hi I'm Jack I'm gonna make fun
of you for like an hour and a half is
that cool and Ron was very cool with it
so that I mean it was very nice and and
you know I I did a whole bunch of improv
basically everything you see in that
little scene in Port Fourchon space kill
Jason okay yeah sure you know where it
isn't this map no way all right you know
do you know where the sweatshirt is in
this map having trouble here having
trouble hearing you okay follow him all
right go for Jason kill this could get
interesting yeah we have two pretty
strong
let's go to the shack the Jason house we
can't have a threesome with two blacks
are you down
zip sorry that was pretty funny I wasn't
complaining so this time we need to take
this max off first then you press Q all
right got it we need Tommy Jarvis too
if you have a walkie-talkie we have a
walkie-talkie
do you have one yes and you're gonna run
away the map just okay we're gonna go
take his mask off after that I will
spawn as Tommy Gervais and we're gonna
kill him all right Roger Roger they're
going the wrong way though
wait don't we'll see maybe I'm wrong
that's a campsite hear it I don't think
it's always in the same spot sure right
now it looks like it's just a campsite
well maybe they don't know where it is
and I check check check one of the
guides I don't think it spawns in the
same spot all the time I know it's here
a lot but come to the shack with me and
my twin brother right
oh yeah so in any case so I was I was
making fun of Ron Lipsky for like an
hour and a half and there's one line
that Jay wanted me to say that I didn't
much care for which of course ended up
in the final version because it's
something gayer yeah like on the far
east on the map like after all the
houses like B 5 d 5 in this area
oh yeah I see all right yeah I'll head
that way okay okay all right cool that's
great that's great we got a plan rich
that's exciting
Oh nope nope oh they're gonna take the
mascot for they're gonna try to take
them instead
great teamwork zone in case uh Jay
really wanted me to say that thing looks
like an elephants Clint and I didn't
much care for that line and uh yeah you
know don't really much like I just do
that do the line and that's I doors open
very important you know yeah that's
right that's right so uh but yeah I'm in
pork pork and I'm in early grubaugh skis
and feeding frenzy although all those
older rlm videos
rich is older than I am
brights hardcore do the line or you're
fired
no I was just one of those things where
you know he just said like you just got
to make fun of him so I like basically
everything you see in pork pork in space
is just me improvising and he wanted me
to do that one line and I said yeah you
know I don't like that or I didn't think
it was funny or he's just like one of
those things like this is really what
you want me to say d5 Dilek five the the
campsite in d5 it's gotta be C he must
said yeah he said d5 there's a regular
old cabin there would it be that close
to a regular cabin I don't know but in
any case I said it and I think it works
and pork pork
you know porks a fun movie pork pork in
space he said oh they're saying b5 maybe
yeah BCD all sound the fucking same the
upper needed barely here that's why you
need to use Oh what you can see Jason he
was right above you Zen ski yes we have
played board games on stream we actually
just did a board game on stream earlier
Barbie queen of the prom
rich was the queen I have recently
purchased Barbie queen of the prom so I
can regain my title as Queen
right it's somewhere oh is that it over
there is at a house there's like a
there's a structure there I don't know
that's a that's a phone tower he's right
he's right there oh there it is
shit you know gonna go for it
nice oh no no no he's trapped okay
Oh oh that bitch Oh son of a bitch ah he
outplayed you dog I had the tools I
needed to get out it just didn't work
out yeah yeah no I mean he just like he
saw what you were doing and yeah he was
mark yeah he was mark
he did it right he somebody would go for
a grab I had the pocket knife right my
plan was he want him walking yeah grab
me stab fleet yeah or like the like the
fire firecrackers yeah no that's fine
that was that was well played rich he
just did it better
mr. hit mistakes were made him grabbed
the ax that's that's actually right I
should have grabbed the ax yes yes let's
see here Happ 78 says rich you always
say the next generation season 3 is the
best never heard your thoughts on the
episode Tin Man Enterprise encounters
space acorn that wants to commit suicide
as Romulans hunt creature down great um
space but a long times I've seen that
upsets a fine episode space 8 corn I
remember this is a space creature that's
alive great great a spaceship that's
also alive I remember right yeah
anonymous says my god man drilling holes
in his head isn't the answer the artery
must be repaired now put away your
butcher knives and let me say this
patient before it's too late
get reference my god man drilling holes
in his head isn't the answer the artery
must be repaired now put away your
butcher knives and let me save this
patient before it's too late
oh is that a back in time Star Trek
that's for ya
the back of it I think or he just gives
them a pill one there's liver scared no
kidney or whatever
Bunnie boyfriend says knock knock who's
there banana banana when I've seen
somebody's door this is banana banana
aren't you glad I didn't say orange did
that as I'm reading what the tip says
have you ever installed any FTL months I
think I tried to play around with a ship
editor once and I couldn't get it to
work okay anything you'd want to see in
a hypothetical FTL - no it might even be
right for not making another one the
only thing I would do is just more
events write more of the stuff that I
already like please i I can't up top my
head think of any entirely different
type of weapon you know that would write
would go I think we've talked about this
before and basically it's just diplomacy
options like that would be neat if they
had more diplomacy options yeah but
they're working on a different game
they're working on some sort of
strategic mech suit city in a city yeah
so they're doing something else already
yeah the one major change I would make
the FTL is that a diplomatic pacifist
victory needs to be possible right
minimal kills and you'll get fucked at
the end with the boss right being
completely unable to do anything there
needs to be some got a diplomatic way to
defeat that boss that'd be neat or
allies to feed them or something yeah
yeah that'd be super neat
more Picard less Janeway absolutely we
could call the Picard mod it's he got
keys
and teeth what Oh tell me you guys I
guess you can see that power they've got
Gasper here
fine you don't look fine
hey rich have you killed Jason yet I'll
tie a barley concentrate more of ICH I'm
gonna say ich bizarrely okay
okay time to get out of here you're all
in this is early enough you might not
have the right or left right or left
oh no no right right
tense
you're stupid
nothing Brad it's no bad
what are you hoping to accomplish here
is there another exit whoa oh yeah oh
right there
great boom unforeseen let's see why
would you run right out in front of
traffic I take no responsibility
none that was a really fast wreck that's
crazy that person just knew they were
dead and they didn't want Jason to kill
them kill me in the car I know I'm dead
that's great that was great
do you want to take over food I'm not
gonna top that for a while you know what
let's take a little break yeah I need to
hit up the bathroom I'll come back yes
and I will I'll take the Ranger a little
bit
applause for a little bit here

[Part II]
did you know did you not pause the
stream oh I didn't touch anything I
didn't hit any buttons
why would I with the button do you
suppose you said you wanted to take a
break you're supplyin now that we're
just staring
luckily we didn't say anything or do
anything too embarrassing it was hell
yeah okay hey everybody welcome that was
you know that's great oh wait playing
this and you run in front of the car
that's trying to escape yeah your ass is
gonna get run over
oh absolutely abso-fucking-lutely we've
hearing at the room yeah person I'm
playing at is great for playing alone
uh-huh you can switch it if you want
yeah how do I switch I here hit the 8
button I think just do you want hot
pants well then someone else or hot
pants that's fine great yeah well you
will get your perks next round great
okay we're ready we're ready hot pants
fly attractor 11 says Rich's opinion
best / most fun Jason to play worst uh I
don't have like excessive amounts of
experience with all of the Jason's I
don't I don't think six is part six is
that bad okay
part three I end up using a lot because
he's got a trot it was slightly faster
move speed right I know we're talking
about worse I'm not too fond of of seven
does anyway I tried that one once or
twice I had a horrible match so I found
the Pamela tapes No
tomatoe medicines what horror game would
you rather see next Nightmare on Elm
Street predator child's play or
leprechaun predator predator that makes
for the best game oh yeah it doesn't
even need to be a horror game oh yeah
just a honey it'd just be a hunting game
where you hunt people they needed but
multiplayer doesn't even need to be more
just like I yeah yeah a really good
single-player predator were you you're
in like a war zone
predator goes like the Middle East or
just classic predator like you're in the
jungle hunting people
yeah predator game would be great going
against some kind of like paramilitary
group yeah yeah predator
hello so if he grabs me what do i what
do you mean I just know it should be
automatic okay you can you mash some
buttons if you want but I'm pretty sure
it's just automatic outright okay cool
how do you fight back is the humans
though make it a single-player game or
you just play as the predator and mow
down a bunch of people with machine guns
in the jungle there is a boat there is a
boat in this level what do you have I
have nothing but there is a boat you
gotta play the hand you're dealt like if
you find a propeller yeah or a gas tank
then you can think about the boat until
then see what you find look if you find
the fuse your best bet might be to oh
you'll find all the good shit Jack I
have firecrackers already this is heart
is actually a hard decision I also have
a health kit here I know you have one of
all of the nice things to have I'm gonna
keep
I don't know about a campaign only
predator seems like the character is
pretty overpowered that's why you have
him fighting an army it wouldn't be the
first game where you had superpowers and
you killed people who didn't win that
crisis oh sure sure
like listen the game the game want the
games want you to feel like the big
powerful bad guy or the big powerful
person right like not bad guy just any
the game a game wants you to feel
powerful like who cares if you're
overpowered from a predator game with
like Batman stealth yeah you know
there's your propeller Jack a predator
game with Arkham stealth only instead of
like knocking people out like the
stealth moves like rip their heads off
uh-huh and you get like traps you can
set like nets that come up and slice
people and the jugs now you're talking
my near the boat I'm kind of near the
boat finish exploring these houses the
tech division would finally make sense
yes they're scared scared doing
okay so your for zig zag zig zag okay
he's going after someone I'll have your
health sprite huh you have your health
spray left and right the deeper you go
looks that boat yeah mmmm
yeah there's oh I see it my dad he's
gonna go fight some other people check
out this boat situation oh okay it
didn't like that agonised Kendall says
Jack yeah you used a frag check
controller and strafe now how did you
find it
I use a PS nav controller for the same
purpose but the software needed to make
it work is problematic is the frag chuck
worth about I think it's slightly
uncomfortable yeah it's nuts on the on
the front aren't necessarily the most
ergonomic yeah for me it works great but
oh
she's terrible at preparing just
concentrate and do this right you don't
want to learn
oh they're getting away in a car he's
distracted
my babies I'm sorry not that distracted
not that distracted where's he going I
don't know how that jerk is not going
after the car
Oh somebody asked me a question earlier
if I had managed to hurt Jason yep and
we're gonna watch Jack die
nope coconut back is Tommy Jarvis baby
doll eyelashes let's go baby
baby doll eyelashes sheesh it's hogging
it she said she ship ship talking you
jack yeah
she has pretty good standing that's
that's like shit that was an amazing
like a lot of come out of teleport oh
look at she's a pretty good Jason yeah
that's great
first of all that was great kill and I'm
gonna be okay with that yeah alright so
somebody was asked me earlier yeah if
I'd managed to get a Jason kill and I
gave the bizarre answer ish yeah I was
playing him and we're working towards
kill and we got his mask off okay and
the Jason kind of ruined it by he just
wanted to see what the kill was like so
after we got the mask off it just kind
of worked with us oh well that's just
fuckin fantastic isn't it so you gotta
kill but it wasn't necessarily earned
right it could have been is the sad
thing sure but then the Jason was like
oh I kind of want to see this too
hey buddy how's it going what is this
can do better than dead by daylight
they like being a lot of people just
running in and out of fucking windows
and that's not necessarily the case here
because you can break the windows and
the windows broken you take damage going
through it mm-hmm that's one of the
major ones I remember right escaping and
dead by Don just required like hitting a
button by some generators oh yeah
there's a lot more to escaping in this
plus the optional kill also killing us
Jason is more fun you don't have to do
that weird to hook him on the fucking
thing oh yeah which is always like 30
feet away and they struggle out of your
way before you get there so for those
three reasons
I remember that killing people in death
by daylight was was a real pain in the
ass it never felt good to kill them it
was it was a chore yes yeah yeah those
three reasons I like those better than
dead by daylight the three fine reasons
this isn't even a game though it's a
fucking $40 demo um I'm not gonna argue
that I couldn't use like some more maps
that were the nice yeah a few more maps
I like it I like it the the option to
rebind your keys would be amazing just
putting that out there for anyone who's
developing this game the option to
rebind keys would be amazing
but all in all it seems to work all
right most of the time I mean most of
the time every game has its clutches
and yeah and they will be having a
single-player campaign which could be
interesting so you know maybe worth it
maybe not it's a gas in there they don't
well oh no they'd see on their map that
the propeller is put on the boat
okay none of us hey guys any thoughts on
the recent passing of Adam West oh what
a great fun Batman yeah it's always sad
when somebody dies but he's I mean he's
also he was an old man he's of the age I
don't know if you can call it a tragedy
right not that it isn't sad not that I
wish him any kind of ill obviously of
course but yeah he's had he's had a fine
career a fine career fine life and by
the way a really fine late in life
career yep
you know god I got a little boom
voicework boom and that was nice oh yeah
so yeah good I mean you know Adam West
he he lived the life that we any one of
us could hope to leave I have no
particular like strong hearted love of
his Batman I mean I liked it yeah
alright but it's not like it I
appreciate it for us of course but it
like it didn't it wasn't like
life-changing for me as I guess I'm
saying that for some people that is like
the only Batman it's a guy's find I
remember I loved it when I was too young
to realize that it was
naanum says dear rich my boyfriend is
jealous of you specifically yep probably
because of your mad trap strats and
handsome lazy beard it's all that trap
strats can you tell him damn you should
be worried all right then here Godfather
42 says it was a neat surprise to hear
rich in the end is nigh trailer hey
that's right any idea how much of the
game itself easily I don't know for it
it's more than just what's in the
trailer I am going to be doing some some
voiceover for some like some cutscene II
type things few miscellaneous line rich
will be the voice of I'm the protagonist
the main character throughout the game I
don't think you're gonna like hear me
constantly during the ones that's that's
a bonus feature in the game if you if
you hit the Konami code later I'd love
to talk him into just me saying oh fuck
whenever you die I would love that so
much oh fuck yeah what I'm thinking is
like if you enter the Konami code during
the during the menu screen it's just
nonce it's all the rich outtakes
non-stop while you're playing to see if
you can like add a level of difficulty I
know I don't think I'm gonna be able to
talk him into that well no probably not
he probably wisely deduced every bit
annoying extremely fast
play that game on stream proudly I'll
tell you this I'm certainly not going
with you all right
we cannot review the game you try oh he
is that oh man he's kind of stuck what
we talked about the Neill Blomkamp thing
we talked about yep and we show up early
they show up early start you had a
certain starting time we already talked
about it and we had some reason show
more we had some exclusive revelations
about the Neill Blomkamp situation that
will not be repeated come early come
often that's what we say oh thank you
thank you for tiberius third linking to
the end is nigh trailer it's been it's
been a very interesting experience
recording dumping all this boy stuff
it's been fun we we have keys to the
game I haven't played it I have you know
what I haven't got another keys don't
even say that because able to expect the
stream before it's out Oh fucking way we
can through that we're playing by the
rules
he didn't explicitly say no but there's
no I have enough common sense to realize
that be terrible idea
yes yes yes by the same valuation and
binding of issac and Gish and Gish
he's been on he's been on stream before
that's right that wasn't because I was
going to do voice boy that didn't come
up until later that didn't come up too
much later actually no he's just I you
know I know through kind of the
grapevine that he is a fan of the best
of the worst and he was just like hey
can I come on stream and talk about
movies with you guys
we of course said of course come and
talk to us we're cool with that stream
it now nope I will guarantee you that I
mean Chad told me that just 5 mins left
he's pretty good talking and running at
the same time this guy's a professional
he's way better than us standing in his
own firecrackers we should play it early
as it don't look as it comes out in
about a month
yes and we should have some familiarity
with the gameplay to not look like jumps
yes we will I'll get your sorry that's
my phone I'm Rich's agent in this I'm
been brokering all the deals and so I
haven't gotten which the the keys yet
because I'm waiting for him to sign an
exclusive contract with my agency it's
called the rich Evans agency in which I
only work with rich Evans and so far
it's it's not working out well for me
really screwed on that sandwich
goddammit that's an old reference that
nobody remembers they're very confused
right out I remember that's all that
matters that's all that matters
what do you think about the OG xbox
getting backwards compatibility with the
Xbox one doesn't affect me at all
I guess it's great fun if you only the
next watch one and original Xbox games
you're outside nothing bad to say about
it right you're scary right great like
Xbox one has been adding a ton of that
like 360 and the original backwards
compatibility which is great but this
days doing fairly well but like also to
be playing this while talking to people
I would hide he's got a he's got a kill
a minute in 30 seconds I'd hide the bed
you think but Jason knows he's in there
yes but it might take Jason longer than
a minute to search all of the fucking
movies because he's gotta go for the
full animation oh sure I totally would
have hit these surrogate to help out you
get your stamina mall the way yeah start
running yeah then at that point maybe
you got like twenty seconds left and you
got a fair shot at making it mad strats
Rich's got the mad strats mind if I just
take this out would it be good
I'll be sucking shit why are there so
many more popular games on stream and
Stephen twitch right now oh yeah well
it's a fun Graham to stream know as a
great streaming game there's all sorts
of fun little stories you can tell when
playing this game to make him walk
through right please kill me on the
stump with a guy be stuck yeah it's only
right it's all way to right kill me on
the stump what's happening yeah I can't
believe it all they glitched
he's gonna live because of the glitch
no I think you just got outplayed what
what the heck happened at the end there
that's beautiful was that a glitch I'm
watching his room - it did get very
badly on his head oh okay well great huh
huh I mean he was doing very well
without the glitch so I'm gonna I'm
gonna say it at the end that was just
him playing well w2 says rich rich you
heard of a game called Killing Floor 2
it's an FPS we shoot hordes of mutants
with satisfying gunplay and schlock Igor
there's an event soon probably a sale
check it out vanilla can do it billions
steam games here wait wait wait just
just go out of the lobby just just go
out leave thank you now you can do it
without having to worry about the time
limit okay great
customize you can take a look at the
perk time oh great alright no perks well
look like goat or you can give her purse
okay look like go to one that has no
person oh yeah okay so then I could just
like highlight
well that's clothing that's going like
yeah like pick a slot and these are all
the different ones I have they do
different things so neat psychic start
with a walk just start with a
walkie-talkie and you broadcast further
interesting if you're if you're working
together with people to try and kill
Jason yeah that'd be a decent one to
have you could coordinate shit
someplace bear traps easier okay oh
you're totally going with a bear trap
one are you you know I love my bear trap
I know you love the bear trap Jack love
my fucking bear traps tonight I look at
that that's that's freakin great 44 646
percent less darkness Gruber's it's
great oh wait just an insane number loss
of mini-map with high fear overall fear
is reduced but it's a low-end perk only
by 4% right right I'm seeing the
different colors and so like I can
always interesting my will sure sure
just gonna have night owl
that's what do you like well like like
if they have a high composure night all
might not be totally necessarily sure oh
sure is like few heiko or maybe you have
a high resistance to feel okay so they
all have different strengths and
weaknesses right repair status well you
you you almost nailed that repairs to
have I'm like one of the worst people
for repairing things yeah I did you
might not need to worry about repair
strategy I'm just good at that minigame
I'm great at repairing shit yes oh okay
I want that I want stamina recharge
I want see increase weapon durability
okay it's fine if you're going for a
kill right
I don't know that is super useful
otherwise for me to to use from that's
not bad that's not bad I like that and
then the map one is start with a map
right oh you know what's you know what's
good yeah you're uh go back in into the
perks okay see the one with a wrench the
one with the wrench the monkey look at
that
42% car start time decreases oh sure
thanks for the car
I have never managed to make use of that
one yet that was super fucking useful if
you get all the car shit of course of
course
alright I think I'm gonna go this I'm
gonna go Jenny Meyers night owl to use
medical and reach stamina recharge
increase we're gonna see what that
what that works for now I'm gonna
customize my Jason yeah what Jason you
want to use I've got them all at this
point me except for that one DLC one
that's only available to backers let's
see here he can run
he's got traps and he can morph that's
great like traps Ally love traps sense
water speed grip strength all right
sevens terrible can what he's terrible
he's terrible he's terrible waste that
water speed you know I'm just I'm just
I'm just look I'm just looking at I'm
giving my my opinion water speed is
terrible hmm it's a terrible problem
Oh Jason when you can just teleport
where you want to in the water right
yeah we're gonna go we're gonna go / -
we're gonna go classic bag head Jason
what weapons Oh does he just have the
pickaxe oh yeah okay let's see oh we got
plenty of grab kills here what do we got
here we got two-handed show the three at
the bottom are gonna be exclusive to
that Jason oh it's the weapon they use
oh okay yeah we want to twist well then
we want all those right but you don't
have to have all I'm saying I want all
those okay then we got the hug maybe
Jason wants a hug
I go foots a foot stomp is pretty good
we've seen it on the stream before I'm
quite fond of punched through the chest
I mean right hard punch nice nap you
know what we're just going for a classic
hug Jason wants a hug okay great spawn
preference oh no no I'm fine I'm fine
either way
confirm hey Jason huh you know you don't
get to place Jason that much even with
that selected yeah but I'm not I'm not
comfortable enough with Jason yeah like
I don't want to be Jason and I have
everyone get away and I know I got
education and then everyone says this
Jason sucks it's like I don't want to
feel like you're just Jason just fucking
relax fucking relax
hey guys have you ever played trump 2.0
I love trying point-to-point over
I haven't streamed it yet but I've
played it and liked it
head cept great alright here we go
and ready rebel base says hey guys I
just watched indie game the movie yeah
Edmonds seemed cool and the guy who made
the witness seems like he has his head
up his ass also will people be sad when
Bill Cosby dies has he fucked up his
legacy that much
some people will asterisk there's gonna
be that man will forever he's it yeah
have an asterisk next to anything that
happens asterisks asterisk Bill Cosby
never convicted Jack huh never convicted
of anything trial just started did it
yeah I haven't been followed oh there's
the trial just started this is the first
I've even heard about them starting a
trial it's all been accusation
accusation accusations oh I know it it I
know it look it doesn't look good oh
yeah yeah but I believe Jack Justice
snaps oh they do absolutely no the trial
just started recently but if I had a
daughter I wouldn't let her go anywhere
near him but I believe in the American
justice system and innocent until proven
guilty jack yeah no I agree I agree with
you do you remember the Duke lacrosse
team
no I asked I asked Karen about this
recently she said are they the team that
raped that woman there this is a
high-profile case like five seven years
ago Duke lacrosse team got accused by a
stripper of so they rape her oh five of
them they were all it was all they liked
some of the people she accused were
found like on camera like miles away at
the time it happened a holy hall hold on
I got the boat propeller they all ended
up being freaking innocent like clearly
and obviously and yet people just
remember them as the rapist sure because
they got tried the media sure sure yeah
yeah I mean I could point not to be a
bastard but I could point to some some
times in which you have assumed people
are guilty without without any proof
it's wrong it's it's wrong yeah yeah
understandable people to it oh right
right hey this person brought the guys
yeah oh good well move up and let them
put them Oh guys better put him just
make sure you're the one who starts the
boat they're gonna kill me
there's no way you can take this load
out
don't do it Jenny let go of the gas down
on the deep Hut drops the gas if you
want to make sure the gas stays in the
area just get the fuck out I thought I
could make it
you're new you're new you're new jack
now Jason's just gonna be hanging out by
that boat no he's not he can't do that
he's gonna he's gonna give the car some
priority sure get distance distance he's
gonna sense your ass up there when he's
done with them you want a distance he's
gonna have to he's gonna have to worry
about a different area sooner or later
sure sure
let things calm down and go back
you find Jackie fine if I come down like
that what that charge let's damage
charge those guys were totally gonna
kill me though after after I put the gas
in that's what I'm gonna tell myself to
be okay with them dying oh that they
would have betrayed you they would have
you know they would have betrayed me
there's anything helpful over here that
I'm gonna double back to the boat while
Jason goes and does other shit is that
better than nothing Jack what is what is
wrong that a person should be considered
innocent until they are proven guilty oh
no like that's that's exactly what
everyone should be like I said I don't
want to call you out and blend out ever
everyone and everyone's done it everyone
has said Oh like that person is
definitely guilty without knowing
anything right then everyone's done it
it's it's tough in the Cosby situation
just because there are so many people
accusing and they according to reports
at least they all have very similar
stories and then you know eventually
just have to go oh wow people get
falsely accused of shit there are some
all the time what is it they got a name
there's uh there's a group that goes out
there now that nothing like genetic
testing is a thing yeah they have like
genetic tests done on like old cases
they've gotten some people who've been
convicted out of prison because clearly
it wasn't them because they've done the
the DNA DNA test like you know when DNA
wasn't like a thing at the time they got
convicted get better boat he's gonna
start the boat hey chart oh I have a pen
knife saw just get the bear trap okay
pick up the gas do the guess they're
gonna kill me just look at the center
and wait for the left in life holy shit
guys I literally flew across the map I
don't know what happened to that was a
thing what if you just don't understand
in one second I was in camp oh I was so
cool oh I got them no it's all right
this is your third time literally your
third game you've played all right yeah
you're fine you're fine
no I'm not
races time travel go through the window
no I'm dead at this
there was a slim chance sure and it was
worth doing
Oh fills me with them knife killed me
with the knife this can only end well
yeah thanks everybody
thank I'm not unfamiliar with the
difference between Albion RV you got to
make a call man you got to make a call
it might be easier with the mouse cuz
the right and left mouse icon well you
know you just you CL BRB you get you get
all twitchy hello hot pants nice outfit
yeah yeah
ya know and you know likes it speaking
of something like the the Duke thing
then there was that who was that other
asshole the asshole who actually like
got convicted of like attempted rape but
then the judge let him go
because he didn't want it to affect his
college you know remember I don't know
anything about you guys remember that
guy there was a there was a guy like he
got caught by a bunch of people
attempting to attempting to have sex
with an unconscious woman and then he
ran away and they're like oh yeah you
totally you were totally trying to have
sex with an unconscious woman and then
the judge let him go because he didn't
want it to interfere with his with his
like college life and then you just roll
your eyes thank a Brock Turner that
asshole yeah everybody remembers that
that was fucked
she just t-bag Jason she just teabags so
bait like basically everybody's fucked
all the time except for some people
they're not fucked
yeah you have guilty people that get
away with it you have sometimes you have
innocent people who get convicted it's
true that's true it's not it's not a
fair world that's that very poor lady
yeah that's very true and you know like
it's it's really sad you hear about like
people's convictions getting overturned
after they've already been in prison
from thirty right and just like Jesus
man
oh nice hello Oh guys it's the
possession its the possession uh-huh
then how do you believe in the American
justice system
look that's we gotta yeah I'm saying it
works perfectly I'm saying the concept
you know that you are considered
innocent of the crime until you are
guilty rather than the other way around
is a good idea that's all I'm saying I
think that's the real problem is like
that's such a brilliant concept but I
feel like a not a lot of jurors apply
that right I think we've talked about
this before the idea of of a
professional jury yeah you know like
don't don't just get 12 Schmucks who
have another job and don't want to be
there what if we just employed
professional jurors who had no you know
like weren't part of the community had
no attachment to the cases
there there are pitfalls there are no
there's pitfalls in any situation then
being buddy-buddy with like a defense
attorney the the rule for professional
jurors is they can't live in the same
area that they were okay right okay and
they get rotated corrupt yeah of course
corruption is a huge problem but
corruptions are you problem with Joe
Schmo jurors it removes the average
citizen from the justice system have you
met the average citizen and they don't
want to be a part of that justice
they're upset when they get called in
for jury duty Pelageya duty people are
dumb people are prejudiced people are
ignorant a professional jury would have
a ton of pitfalls but I just want this
is all I want for the rest of the world
prosecutors would make sure only the
right people become jurors like they do
well but you know also like if you had
professional jurors there would be a
larger screening process uncanny Kali
says the predator game exists alien vs.
predator predator vision and stealth
fighting aliens crystal kills their
weapons I think that was on sale reason
alien campaign to free Steam demo the
mall has everything this mall has
everything oh oh
mad trap threats oh didn't get it down
in town didn't get it down in time put
it down right in front of him he's gonna
know to kind of walk around he walked
right over it he just didn't get it down
in time
not a masseuse hey Richard Jack hey if
you guys crash land on an island and
we're fine yep assuming there was a
fresh water source and resources great
you think you could learn to survive and
live there thanks
he'll notice you wouldn't have much of a
choice
ketta resources are we talking about
this viable instinct is strong mm-hmm
yeah what I'm thinking what they're
saying is like if there's a fresh water
source and there's a ton of fruit trees
then you just hang on the island and you
drink the water and eat the fruit yeah
absolutely could I build shelter no I
would never be terrible at that I might
be able to back it back in the day I've
I've put some tools huh I've put some
sticks on trees before I put some sticks
on trees before so you know maybe the
answer is he maybe and I'll give that a
strong maybe I think I could survive I
think I could figure it out I've started
fire before using only sticks I've done
that are we going to stream the Bethesda
conference no wait until all this
conference shit is done yeah and then
read the bullet points and what was
announced yeah and then we can discuss
individual things and look at trailers
that doesn't sound like shelter Jack
well you know you start with sticks on a
tree then you put some stuff on top of
the sticks to keep the rain out the Sun
well Jack survived we had to start fires
with the RB and LB buttons nope nope I
always figured rich a handyman maybe for
Plinko board and the wheel is it this
big difference between as impressive as
the plain kettle board is yeah but look
behind the plate ghetto board there's a
lot of structure to that fucking thing
yeah it's very good don't like a fucking
brick shithouse is great this that's
different from building a house out
nothing nothing rich has power tools if
you don't have two lists are we stranded
with power tools and they have batteries
the batteries fully charged how many do
we have these are the important
questions no I think I could build a
simple lean-to
I could probably hunt if I had to the
the real the the the fun part would be
is how long would the food last right
like would we be able to preserve food
if there was a dry month no no right
what do we be able to fish or anything
like that no don't probably be fucked
mm-hmm not that we wouldn't try put all
the fruits you can put on the boat on
the boat and just take the boat out fuck
it
maybe maybe I think I think you know
probably you know give it a couple days
and see if any ships pass start you get
a fire going get some smoke pluming as
high as you can
right
got to take one of those survival
courses they teach them we can go like a
weekend and people to chat about start
fires with escapes and children
oh this could be me it's where we find
them Jason it's me make them pay for
what they did to us okay all right I'm
not gonna backseat game unless you
really want me to I don't think you do I
got this rich all right I got this all
right so you know oh I don't have
teleport though you do oh just you just
had started yep remember right button
right button is like the what's the word
I'm looking for like the shift activated
right activator for your powers okay so
here's the phone and here's the power I
want to hit the power right all right
I've is of you what's up - you look at
your map where'd you land from the power
okay oh I can only hold two knives no
that's not true I wouldn't grab it
yeah powers already
is it that what's behind it what it's
kind of you're right
not sure what oh oh oh that was a lot
closer to it than I thought I'll hold
down the to run like yeah oh he doesn't
have to worry about stamina he can just
do it all fucking day oh great
that's nice thing about part 2 & 3 Jason
I think they're the only ones who can do
that you're not as fast as the
counselors but it's it's certainly
better than nothing right i nobody's
doing nothing yet alright so I got that
power out so now we'll go take this
power out oh how about this power Wow oh
I've perhaps I've tracks rich yes
alright lay a trap down on the d-pad
right in front of you
we're going mad traps trap bad traps
trap brought to you by rich Evans it's a
well-placed trap jack I felt I felt
pretty good about it
still nobody I'm a sense well remember
if they're not afraid right they might
not show up I think you can run but I
think one of the trade-offs this Jason
have has I don't think his senses are as
good so the generators that's that's a
quality strap for this Jason okay why is
that
cuz that when you kill a generator that
makes things dark dark and increases
fear okay you want darkness Jack you are
the monster I feel I feel like I'm the
monster of the war you want this entire
fucking world to be filled with darkness
I don't forget about the car I will try
not to forget about the car there's one
more power thing now I'm gonna grab that
it was over here yeah that's over here
one more power I want to kill ah here we
go
all right all the power is done let's
check it on those cars one car in one
vote hood still oh hello
nope can't hit those hello my lovely Oh
someone's dead
Oh sometimes people leave sure they
starting they're not Jason throughout
like babies like whiny baby men no he's
always got a guest he's got some gas all
right
oh wait I know more rich Evan strats
rich Evans has taught me well
I see you see you
Oh son of a bitch someone fell into a
trap someone fell into a trap a car trap
I don't know I don't know see the car
trap or the phone trap
I think limping over by the car they're
probably shit they're all working
against me Kurt the car the cop oh so
many fucking crackers so wait for your
swing to swing swing this is gonna be
insane how do I kill
all of the counselors ones do it oh shit
grab them grab me in the car in the car
in the car without you close wait wait
wait no no no they gotta go the exits
are north okay so they're facing the way
you want them to shit shit
sorry that's all right I got this I got
this I got this
I don't have this by the way teleport
teleport you can teleports free get
right in front of them you're all the
help shit alright hit up on the d-pad
you know one person alive murder the
fuck out of them
ah damnit
I killed some people though so yeah I'm
pretty good about that they they swarm
the car no they oh oh yeah no there we
go well fucking rocks fuck fucking rocks
and teleport face them and just teleport
somewhere approximating oh that might be
too far
no it's there's a little red thing on
the thing I think that was something
else
no oh is that a trap
I might have better your trap gosh darn
it
all the way the other way away
okay come on come on come on come on one
more kill one mark down one more kill
hello
okay in a house your rage mode is
activated that means you can hit a to
walk through lock doors you don't have
to worry about shopping them down a
table sure
he's already out
why does this Jason look so weird
because this is what Jason looked like
and Friday the 13th of t this is
actually what he looked like it's pretty
accurate the bag that's on his head got
knocked off
community Tommy drivers I'm gonna kill
you and I think I think the matchmaking
might be putting you on high alert
oh of course you're playing on my
accountants oh of course of course
I'm not gonna fall for this trap shit
again or maybe I will
I owe a nice guns gun you can never die
get out of the door
fuck where to go out there
his stamina will eventually wear down I
think if you just keep chasing him yeah
eventually you'll be good yeah here hi
here Jason run
a lot of knives flashlights I'm walking
district that's all right
I got I got a pawn Oh hog
Jason wanna hog yes for your second time
is Jason I got three kills I'm pretty
happy with that I'm pretty happy though
again against people who had a solid
plan
oh no and they were working together
good for them good for them Jason and
log Mme uh no not me good job though
Jack yeah you know what I feel pretty
happy with them
I felt pretty happy with that like this
is this is a game that I might have to
start playing though I'll be honest with
you there's enough aiming where I kind
of wanna play with mouse and keyboard
yeah let's move you know yeah I wish you
could rebind that's the only thing
that's kept me from going full miles
incapable right but a complete lack of
ability to rebind I'm just not used to
WASD yeah yeah that's the thing that's
the thing I just got here I half
expected to find Mike playing dr. Mario
well then you don't know Mike very well
hello hello did he ever wear a sack in
any of the movies all throughout the
second one yeah the first time we see
Jason who the real thing the real well I
suppose technically if you count the
lake in the first Jason but I don't
leave right the first time you see the
actual Jason Voorhees he is wearing a
sack on his head as killer is his mother
in the first more spoiler alert for
Freddy he's 40 years old I'm seeing it
by now fuck off right second movie it's
actually Jason and he's got a bag on his
head
yep then in the third movie he finds the
ski mask the hockey mask the hockey man
yeah yeah yeah apologies you should I
mean you should you should apologize you
should absolutely apologize but yeah I
mean you know what I'm okay with beg
face I'm okay beg face Jason which one
hasn't pop out of the water as a kid
that's one but that may or may be nearly
a dream she wouldn't dream right we
don't know if that's reality or not
I just got spoiled says smiles and dies
yeah that's what you get planning I'm
watching the fucking movies the answer
is no fuck
and at this point if you haven't seen
them like what's wrong with you come on
these are classic the Friday the 13th
how much how familiar are you with
Friday the 13th others I mean I'm not a
super expert but I've seen them you know
King the guy who played Jason and four
okay I remember people were upset when
they made Freddy vs. Jason that they did
not use Kane Hodder they wanted somebody
actually taller she stand next to Freddy
is what I've what i've heard that might
be bullshit though i think there's only
like a two inch height difference
between him and the guy they ended up
casting instead oh sure but there was a
lot of cut but he didn't use kane hodder
stare a boo alright Kane Hodder no I
don't think the the freakin 10 Jason
movies they made he was he was Jason and
four of them Wow
you gonna lock me out three of them were
the worst movies in the franchise man
it's for the good of the team why are
people that upset yes people ate
everyone hates it he was Jason eight he
was in goes to hell that's one of the
worst movies I ever made
he was Jason in that huh then Jason X
which well I love it most Friday the
13th fans hate it oh yeah cuz it's not
serious so three of the movies he was
Jason in were terrible Friday the 13th
movies yeah people were really upset
when he wasn't cast in Freddy vs. Jason
I find that weird yeah yeah people would
get attached to these these unimportant
brothers this eight is Manhattan Jason's
at the main house got a walkie-talkie
I called her it's a lot of Rage into his
body movement a lot of energy bad movies
good Jason Lee I can get behind that I
can get the hammer in your body
this game just became an escort mission
for who for me yeah you're escorting me
what are they escorting you for I don't
know he just said this game just became
an escort mission and I think that might
have been to me because like that won't
you know we're all hanging around I'm
gonna I'll hang around these guys here
your lady and you didn't wear the
sweater who maybe are we working
together I'm gonna stay cup quiet here
you might need to hear a dialogue right
from other players so I'm just gonna
show Jason here
we'll go wait are we going we're going
oh I hope you didn't you might be hate
this talk your hair might be people on
the other side I'll shave him I got this
I'll save it
Jason's over here yes yes it's right
here oh we want to crop something yeah
you're holding hold down on the d-pad
okay you don't want to install that the
guy in the lower jacket does
he's got a good repair staff those guys
if you want but I mean snake though when
you're buying don't control my life let
someone else do the same okay we got
this we got this look we're all as a
team here oh shit Jason's right there oh
come on
where is the co I don't have a map hey
who's in there I know someone's in
yesterday's team system Jason then I
have to find his right
I wanna I'd feel more comfortable with a
weapon look for a mop right hi everybody
the math confined in drawers also
there's like a like a billboard you can
find on some of the maps it's got like a
yeah here you are here's where you are
you get to get a map out of one of those
what are we all doing in here yes this
up you to figure out you have a you have
a walkie-talkie and you have a shit who
the traitor Jason Momoa we gotta do
something oh yeah yeah don't worry buddy
I got my boy
apparently someone was working with
Jason hey get the black lady that's just
running out she's a traitor actually she
is he's not lying oh well there you go
okay there's no need for that
best thing you can do is just uh stay
calm and be aware of your salons right
like there's a lot of us in here to kill
so like my odds of survival are pretty
good I think they're doing a bit I think
it's actually fear who's working with
Jason Jason are doing a bit here Jason
is now like the pizza delivery guy you
gotta be forceful see so him and Jason
are like doing a routine yeah what the
trader came back with a shotgun this is
the standard that Billy holds his
company to I'm I'm sorry for you I mean
I have no idea where anything is at this
point right would you like a job
murdering all my former friends see
they're doing a bit so I'm just gonna go
off on my own my grand plan to like
stick with the group has failed because
one of one person in the group turned
out to be a dickhead you know the best
laid plans rich best laid plans we've
already been here
we just won you can just leave
you can get a promotion then I will say
I will say when this business some
buildings straight ahead and for your
facing you might be able to map in one
of them alright now how can you treat
you like that well head that way ah son
of AB or CH nope where's my which one's
my light can you drop the walkie no in
theory there's no good reason you would
ever want to in theory right right I'm
gonna go see if I can like in break
times legs except for if one of your
teammate is doing a bit with Jason
alright let's see what we can find here
then I guess like this oh that's the new
plan it's just we're gonna try to we're
gonna try to forge out on our own here
see if we can find anything useful you
know but like knowing them he's already
found good shit in there I don't know
for seating two-seat car damn it must be
two sets of keys to find if this game is
programmed same way oh of course it is
I'm sure it is looks like and it looks
like nobody's been up here so they're
busy doing their bit so we're just gonna
be over here search in and we'll maybe
we'll get lucky to make more friends via
the d-pad officer that's my problem
isn't you now that you've murdered your
former times I'm sorry I'm sure there is
use I know I'm the I'm the worst I know
but we can talk this Nick we can talk
this through
listen listen I just threw a pocketknife
but I know that's the form of endearment
it's okay I can actually show a mutual
form of respect I'm sure there's a way
we could mute button and not at the
moment I open you no need it's the phone
box oh I think he's dead oh good well
it's up to you that's fair though see I
understand that yeah I took it I'm a
fair guy I understand
goddammit he's not dead yet friends I
don't wanna I know an asbestos emergency
here but it's we're going for a little
bit of a ride here now maybe I can find
Jason's uh Oh Gavin
dude when I say were you a cop like at
the very beginning you were supposed to
tell me yes if you're a cow that's the
rule
now now I feel like yeah nobody like
climb up that's true I have dirt on this
cop now you can't kill me because I know
that your truth that you actually killed
him no no not on the coat hanger that's
too awesome not ever around this seems
like a nice secluded area is this an
exit doesn't matter unless you have the
car all right so there but yes it is
okay well now we know where an exit is
that's something oh I've seen this cabin
we can't get in that place yes so we
know that that's something doo doo doo
doo doo the far side of the road
they said obviously those three houses
have nests we have a map right I mean
further down the road I know there was
this two houses you came from but there
should be a third house around there if
you could find them the phone box right
that would solve some problems so fella
Jason's over there yeah
probably still fucking around fuck it
all right at this point like there's no
boat so I'm just gonna I mean ditch the
gas can at this point I'll need car no I
have to find a keys in it well I guess
it's all pipes possible I guess here's
another house
oh that has the radio but we already did
that right they already radio Tommy
Jarvis I don't know the phone and the
Tommy Jarvis radio can be in the same
house I would say no but I can't confirm
that Riley there's tar bad yeah I see
that yeah man hello open door we're just
kind of close you close you okay man
some of these are tracks which is
strange
nope
just made someone did a half-ass job all
right something wait you put down the
fuse oh shit oh shit all right great
I mean I still have a pocketknife so
come on
doo-doo-doo-doo off we go oh we got home
again jiggety-jig find another game it's
just after this we find another lobby
well fuck around for a little bit that
car has no battery hit those start
button to either of them none of them
you know do I don't have anything well
then we'll I was at the fuse that's fuse
okay I do that first
oh wait I have a fucking knife oh oh
walk up do it slowly yeah I don't know
if Jason still gets an alert for that he
gets another for that though yes
you go look in the house and find the
phone before he destroys it if he does
yeah you just need keys really if the
batteries in front of the car where's
the phone and here somewhere somewhere
in here could be upstairs is a big house
unfortunate like the son of a bitch it
should have some kind of floating icon
for it
son of a bitch check every room there's
a closet in their house just let into
here
never use the phone in this house I
don't know where right oh okay all right
well hey you know what this is something
we got ourselves something we can
ourselves something no there was I had
to put it down I have firecrackers
perhaps by that car
there's a battery by that car check and
see if one of those corpse corpses drop
keys right who's in this house
come out scooby-doo where are you
come on I can smell you that smelly
smell slow
yeah I liked it better when Jack is
trying to kill people - uh-huh
Oh what oh well you know what I tried I
tried we got the police called we were
dealing with some fucks in chat you're
doing something fell overall I felt
pretty good about that please mute the
children I know that's the tough but
that's it so far with any multiplayer
game is you know you got to deal with
other people you have to deal with other
people always the time we got ten ten
ten then you get a better group maybe go
out a better note than that we'll try
you know what we'll try one more one
more game we'll leave this group and if
I try to find a better group cancel how
do we cancel oh nope
what no at the very least I ran somebody
over with a car today that was great and
you know Richard that was great in front
of the car they were trying to stop the
car because they wanted to get in no
please
that's the cats the kind of thing that
will happen in a multiplayer game where
you know people act dumb this is gonna
be a great day
oh right at that character's name Oh
blacklivesmatter do you have a mic
okay yeah they're using a character of a
high-strength step
okay I'm gonna trying to take the mask
off I'm a girl I'm a girl or a girl yes
I am a girl so very pretty pretty girl
my job is to look if I am a girl
a pretty girl it is my job to look for
Jason's Shack I'm on this I'm on this
don't you worry guys if I am a girl well
then there's a couple it looks like
there's two girls there's a lotta girls
Oh only two right I know but - those
guys are there they're their strength
focus character yeah maybe Jason killin
oh no way there's another girl
okay girls there's girls okay we can do
this everybody we can do this let's do
I'm not a Disney Princess and I'm not
the queen of the prom but I could be the
one black dude in this game I don't know
his damn name yeah well how long I don't
know anybody's name I don't know anybody
named
no we got this white mountain white
lives matter that doesn't matter about
saddle time okay there we go
Jason my uncle all right settle down
everybody settle down
saddle down pick a new room no no like
these rich said these people might be
going for something no matter what rich
this is how we're ending this is how
we're going out and it'll be fine it'll
be finest ingly that just makes me want
to stay more here we go here we go match
starting match starting four three two
one just round it out drown out
everybody okay here we go Camp Crystal
Lake I have a chance to be Jason oh I
have a chance to be Jason Baghead I have
a chance and I'm Jason Jason
I'm Jason we have an end of the stream
all right wow that's - Jason's for me
tonight
it's it seemed to have improved and I
have like I I switched it to to be I
know ambivalent weirdest thing
okay power yeah we're gonna that power
right by the car right at convenient hey
look a car
let me lay a trap okay and there should
be a power right around here oh hello
break some windows oh you forgot to lock
your door
hello ma'am you forgot to lock your door
where'd she go where's your sense huh
where's your sense she's hard to catch
yeah she's fast I know oh that's fine
we're gonna we're gonna do something
else what she just went in that hey she
way in that house with the phone I'm
gonna trap the phone line hello break
all the windows I'm the truck ting Jason
where you go she's probably left up
probably left by now where's the phone I
thought the phone was in this one we hid
the map it's the other side of the house
huh
it's on the back no prob hide you find
you
oh no they're on you I'm completely
wrong you're right I am wrong right and
then we'll just lay a trap hello many
traps to be had someone's in this house
still yeah grab grab grab throw into the
window turn to the window thirds in the
window
Awesome's need a boat here oh oh wait
wait wait oh you don't have to teleport
you to the water no you can't swim fast
summer bitch look at your map look at
the map just have a look at your map how
close is he to de leaving alright
teleport I can do this
now to have to press anything head
towards him and it'll be a
find the other one find the other before
she starts the boat starting a boat
probably still the area then other one
right look around
right over there kill them kill them
come here you dick run Jason Jason
I'm sorry peanut book peanut butter
someone's in the house
someone's in this someone's in this
keep running dick he doesn't run if you
press sideways is the thing don't forget
that whoa
oh shit I think he's out already did
your sense I can't oh he's still in
there
trap that back one he'll be fucked open
the door and no fucking knives am right
or a knife look the boats almost done
somebody might swim oh yeah don't worry
about it
could trap the doors he's gonna try and
stun you put Trevor right in front of
the door give him no outs no there's
another person in there like me
Oh oh shit
that's okay that's okay he might be
injured move the end those things last a
long time
oh they're fast got to him too festive
manifest that's gay you're doing good
you're doing good you're doing good it's
not easy playing Jason you have three
sweet kills no matter what check this is
already your best game oh come on he's
dick there we go
there we go there we go wait use
yourself who's your stuff there
he doesn't see any hurry I guess he
might
different burner different matter
got it got it yes kickin ass alright
somebody's walking him yeah
make them suffer oh they get in the
phone go to the phone go to the phone
teleport to the phone the right by that
phone there in front of you smash the
back of it any pics box good
did it do
now I was gonna go for the one in the
house anyway I see
oh thank you so I try to freak him out
what did that lady go oh she's right
there
ah can I put a trap down there oh there
it is oh she's not going for it he's a
fast one
oh don't worry xopen I'll just chase you
then don't kill
yep thank you
that's glorious hello Gil Tommy Jarvis
his rage mode activated now rage mode is
that your your your mask and the top Bob
left uh-huh it turns red
okay believe that's the halfway mark you
get it okay sorry that's right she's all
she's all crazy fight now oh you can
never die hit me got hit me you got to
hit me didn't do it rap dumb
motherfucker crazy Oh son Oh you
slippery son of a bitch Jack no matter
what you've done fantastic really yeah
let's go back in there you've got a
phone
alright kill first and focus it
obviously hmm okay okay one more to kill
one more to kill one more to kill smash
the box yeah I saw I saw getting out of
there
I know your deal census right yeah you
got it
you fucking daughter you fucking know
what to do now jack
kill her good I kill her
fuck you gonna fucking kill her do it
Jason
we're gonna kill her
we're gonna kill her we're gonna kill
her that's why I hit her first like
that's why I didn't grab her proper
stress she hissed rats now she's all
injured and shit right right
she could be a little more injured yeah
but I listen you gotta start somewhere
hello she's trying to draw us out sure
I'm gonna kill you I'm gonna kill you
I'm gonna kill you yes I am you gonna
try to go in there wait wait
crap forever
alright what do you want what do you
want okay I don't think I've done this
one before fucking great one more was
the proper thing to do I feel great I
feel like I could murder the world
nice a little treatment there nice
that's great
Jackson Jess clown training paid off I
don't know I've been no survivors whoo
whoo dog whoo dog all right hey let's
quit out of this and look at the list of
let's do things that we need to look at
let's do that that was great yes this
game yes this game can be so much fun
man yes it can this game can really be
so much fun as a 1984 says here's some
money for Jack's epic murder rampage
thank you very much that pickaxe we just
spin the head around all that is right
now there's a great kill I might you
know Jason too might be my favorite
Jason he's got the little trot he's got
plenty of traps that's adjacent for me
all right any more tips I think okay
well then this is the point of the
stream in which we thank all the people
who subscribe oh my God look at how pale
that is that like compared to my other
obviously grab on your arm for the white
balance right you're like I mean exactly
like I'm not that tan I got a little Sun
today but holy moly oh wait one more
came in some blue guy and Chad says I
normally use these tips for questions
yeah but that last game alone is worth
giving this tip well fucking done I'm
I'm really glad I do that live in the
stream yep
that's felt good there were strats
involved rich you know you weren't
backseat gaming you were coaching yeah
you were just making sure us head in the
right direction that was a team effort
all that that boat that boat that will
end like I didn't know like I didn't
know what to do you told me what to do I
was there everything was everything
works out great I am going home and
buying this game tonight I'm installing
it that's great alright so this is the
point of the stream into which oh by the
way someone wants to know what I'm
drinking I'm drinking new glarus is two
women beer it's a it's a nice lighter
beer new glarus
to women so this is a point in the
stream in which we thank all the people
who have subscribed to us during the
stream much like four stars out of 50
for 13 months in a row and four stars
out of 50 says I've heard I've heard
this Friday the 13th game sucks where's
my pumpkin head game you heard wrong
you heard wrong he said that was great I
think you know for a lot of people
especially people who aren't used to
multiplayer games yeah not every game is
going to be a perfect experience in fact
some of them are gonna be bad yeah
because a multiplayer game is only as
good as the other people you play with
but then you get those moments where
it's a
challenged but you still win great dots
85 favorite customer welcome to the one
year club favorite customer says one lol
fuck my cocking year thanks for all the
entertainment Jack Lamont says Wubba
lubba dub dub frozen ziggurat JJ cheek
ur for 17 months in roses Browns and
beige brown sand beige earth tones like
a planet because they're out of planet
earth tones cuz they're on like an earth
yep that's 85 says did this work does it
say two months in a row dot said it
actually only says one month in a row
it actually says one months in a row
toss two one two this thing alone that's
weird that's the second time we've had
dots 8500 yeah dots 85 for one months in
a row and then a second dots 84 two
months no just for one month
oh all live in his the same says for two
months weird huh clone 27 27 for 15
months a neurosis if mike really does
want a Star Trek again forget VR go with
the 2002 classic bridge commander mm-hmm
shop em shop says thank you Texas
panhandler says love the channel guys
you should get kickbacks from Steam for
all the games you've led me thank you
sometimes we do like for certain games
if you are watching us via twitch there
might be a link to purchase that game
underneath and if you use that link to
purchase the game we do get a slight
kickback from it so heads up but other
than that that's what the tips and
subscriptions are for and we appreciate
it
Algar mop or no Algar nap
I think that's an end ok Algar nap says
I regret never having anything to say
here many thanks for the streams I love
them
atomic mousetrap - nen co2 nano - nanoa
Toninho uh i do i don't jest odd nah nah
i'm not just says hey jack and rich
what's up with haley joel osment
recently saw him in an interest time
loop sci-fi called I'll follow you down
and now he is playing a cooler version
of Palmer Lucy or love Palmer Luckey
on Silicon Valley oh good for him he's
still working still working child actors
well seeing you that was uh hailey Joe
Osmond see that was a sixth sense yeah
that one yeah I mean he went away for a
while it's in that Kevin Smith movie
right was he that wasn't him walrus oh
he might have been I don't know I didn't
see it well that's hospitals called mega
paw in Kazim I mean I answers a nine
months I could have birthed a baby in
that time I chose to have a pizza roll
badge instead it's great already good
work fellas
priorities are straight oh my god hold
on hold on
what's wrong Oh 2d 2d babies in the
world we need less babies I wouldn't say
we need less babies because that would
imply that we would get rid of babies
but probably we just don't need any more
babies right okay okay
is the UH I think we need to be on that
for it to work yeah but Biff Oh Potamus
there we go
it's right under incas eat for 30 you
gotta you can't you can't like say his
name and then pause confusedly and then
go back into it this is 36 months gonna
be all in one chunk biffle Potamus for
36 fucking Munson
Oh nope that didn't work
that's just it that what did you press
fresh confetti on that's an orchid oh I
didn't do the right thing press confetti
off we got a reconfigure you know what
now that just looks silly now that our
confetti doesn't work rubies the record
live thing over my face you know I know
for a fact I have hit that before and
confetti has come down is it on a
different cam it's not a different cam
and that's why that's not working I
don't think they saw the sparklers
because the kid Nick because the logo
came up so now we have we have to get
the freaking confetti on all of the this
so that works
we can't hands it out we got a reef we
got to read more days I'd love to I'd
love to we're obligated you people help
us in your name's read the names dooby
sandwich says I finally quit the job I
hate but now I'm back in this vulnerable
position in this cruel unforgiving
uncertain job economy well I'd be able
to land another work by my third month
here's hoping do the same you know you
stopped donating us your sunroom
that's true take a look fine job take
care of yourself take a little sub break
then come back when you got a job yeah
we appreciate it
buh Zuka s Carson fly attractor 11 says
two months and anniversary to month to
month anniversary stayed in to watch
these two Schmucks instead of going to
see guardians of the galaxy - and Wonder
Woman shove and acts up my nose
mm poke Alex in the eye says if we
cannot end now our differences at least
we can help make the world safe for
prereq thank you
one can only hope the world can get safe
fit for prereq general Gore slick slippy
Bunga dug for thirty three fucking
months in a row and Bunga Doug says 33
glorious months keep taking my money you
hack frauds turn 25 pretty dang cute
rich with the Dragon Tattoo nice Rasta
s-- Danno star
Oh God gave them I gotta get into
character cuz it's been a while since
I've said arrest and say you guys think
of a couple of cause I'm the Moffett
solar so what we got here wisdom oh that
has got father 42 I got four - it's been
subscribed to us for 29 fucking months
in a row hearing the Godfather swears
it's funny don't you think and Godfather
photos of twenty nine months a better
television than most of our broadcast
these days
thanks that's a damn fine god I feel
really good about my godfather
impression my I mean - really - Marlon
it's a Marlon Brando it's a phat Marlon
Brando yeah life sandesh aspects lays
vengeance for 13 months in a row big
Angry Bob Christabel Roberto says you
guys are the best in the biz keep up the
good work we may be we respectfully
disagree Edgar Allan Poe Poe says thank
you so much for murdering teams for our
entertainment
pretenders is halfway to a year thanks
for all the great streams his dude miss
14 notepad 31 the traveler speaks for
zero months in her oh that's boob like
the figure that is one statement babe
top ramens for 28 fucking months in a
row and Top Ramen says kill them all
Denzel Washington blue vaad and beloved
says take all of Jeff's money Josh you
also see a ox Baxter says three months
stay golden pony boys
Ossie Baxter jack is so excited about
murdering everybody Aussie Baxter yes I
murdered them all was great as fun
I say Roman numerals that's actually
nonsense Norman Roman numerals because
the X would have to come first V X 135
for 12 months in a row what wouldn't it
be oh sure I suppose if it was just five
it would be V V X it's kind of
nonsensical
so really it's 5:10 it's 5:10 right so
if you want to say five ten one three
five that's what they intend that to
mean maybe it could just be VX I don't
know yeah we don't know neon lights for
one one Vincennes Eau de Pepsi these
ends are the Pepsi you know what I
prefer the ends of the code the ends of
the code Manta Qualis Manta koala says
any reason to play slow water Jason to
play slow water Jason like you know some
maps do have a lot of water and you
could just like go to the water travel
real fast
side of the map on on a few Maps like
some of this one of the maps it's got
like have water that goes in window not
it can be really convenient to use a
fast water Jason just to scout around
right yes otherwise a slow water Jason's
pretty it's a pretty safe debuff to take
if he's got other benefits yeah all
right good Jason you were using I think
it's low in water oh okay sure but you
got that teleport so and we you can see
the map so you know where they're
exiting in the boat as long as long as
you know they're leaving in the boat
we got lucky where we got to see them
leaving the boat so we knew to tell but
you know if I would have been paying
attention someone else I might have not
even notice they left on the boat right
right that's a great question oh cool
trainer oh god why hindi trainer Wendy
says I am gay congratulations
we appreciate you sharing that with us
and we don't look at you any differently
trying to get me to say I am gay oh that
would only bother me if I thought there
was something wrong with being gay
that's true right so it's true joke's on
you cool trainer and if you are coming
out of the closet you know we're here
congratulations graduations and we're
glad that you're comfortable enough with
yourself to reveal that to the channel
and everyone then the dual poly clone
butch deloria one flags in ski says
guardians to and Winter Soldier I'm with
two favorite Marvel movies which are
yours winter shelters great those might
be the two those actually might be the
two Winter Soldier is pretty damn good
good wait wait I can't leave out any of
the Iron Man's winter soldiers great
Iron Man 3 is fantastic this would
require more thought though those are
both fine choices I probably a Winter
Soldier Iron Man 3 just off the top of
my head with like without giving any
deep analysis yeah Iron Man 3 Winter
Soldier okay
I'd be pretty comfortable that winter
soldiers fuckin fantastic I wish I could
I wish I could end this stream on your
and your rant right now I wish I could
the rant that I'm about to say yeah yeah
the perfect time they got the gallon we
got more names we can't do I know that's
alright
I can rant it any time about winter
about both Winter Soldier
you
you're gonna back all right I am I'm
turning the mic on for bit I don't want
to leave just yet did you stop streaming
and start streaming I just muted the
mica did the other thing and i muted the
mic I didn't end the stream okay
deliberately look a few more names
amazing right
yeah we're Sai the classic double double
Juke arcticus Rex says Jack murder
sprees are the best kind of murder
sprees oliver md low-down Yankee lair
rebel base says all aboard the murder
train Adam lakeside earnest come
luminescence nine Gunther Studios color
Ben I like that one and the face sitter
who says I love pancakes thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
sure we really do it's true we really do
okay
I am NOT going I actually have something
to say
okay ah mods yeah fucking thank you for
being good mods I I just I want to
appreciate the fucking great fucking job
you did on the stream where my sister
was around that was that was
nerve-wracking your fucking mods were
fucking great and it was a wonderful
stream for everybody they really was so
thank you for being awesome thank you
mine now we're really gonna end thank
you have a nice night
