Dec 17, 2017
Ghostbusters: The Video Game
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/210513404
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/210516725
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/210518156
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7l-tunxwCTQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b0fGc_WO1Yc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rZ83mOxb0VA
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/942484691990581248

[Part I]
and prepared though we still say
Ghostbusters so maybe I just start to
have a fucking you know it's it's all -
we continue my playthrough that alright
and we just you know we talk over it and
fuckers talking over it so fuck it we
had I'm running late and it's my fault
that we're late it's not it wasn't
technical problems it was me it's my
fault that we're late
you need the controller I don't know how
the game works I don't know what's going
on oh yeah that I don't know so it's my
it's my fault we're running late
technically speaking it was some asshole
one-year-olds fault
who just took his sweet-ass time eating
his birthday cake so the rest of us
couldn't have someone get the hell out
of there you know I'm saying can't you
just say I got a go no it's just one of
those things where you know like it I
talked to the family like hey guys you
know we got to make sure right here oh
yeah well what are you what are you not
that Mouse a different Mouse good good
you found it you know as well as I hey
guys we should get we should get moving
soon oh yeah yeah you know what will
they're they're just about to do cake so
we'll we'll eat cake and then we're
leaving it's alright no problem you know
we'll eat cake and and we'll leave but
then you know the feed the the kid cake
first and he's just so adorable
eating cake is one year old that we all
got to wait now until he's done eating
his cake before we get cakes I have to
go to work well it was just one it was
it was a death by a thousand cuts you
know where it's just like I was just a
couple more minutes just a couple more
minutes until were late that was the
problem for anyone wondering we will not
be talking about the last Jedi even a
little bit I don't even I haven't seen
it yet rich has and I don't even want
rich to give me vague impressions I have
stayed completely away from really all
criticism of it even I like I haven't
heard
anything good bad or otherwise snape
kill dumbledore no first of all Snape is
in this movie
what well technically it's a CGI Snape
that's great so no there will be no last
rat I talk and I and it's its opening
weekend so in chat no last chat I talk
we don't want any spoilers spoilers will
be dealt with by the mod team even joke
spoilers because at this point we don't
know what a spoiler is for those who
have not seen it so please please dear
Christ's God Almighty Lord
Jack means fucking business please for
the love of God stay away man stay away
Ferdinand spoilers that's fine you spoil
all the Ferdinand I don't even like Star
Wars why do you care about my rich they
just like to hear you talk man I just
and this gives you something to talk
about for an extended period of time
some day yeah some day Oh we'll talk
well I'm I'm planning on seeing it
sometime this week I mean I mean you
know what this one I'm not gonna take
the kids to that's probably good call
yeah I am well and here it's not because
I think it's inappropriate because I
mean I don't know anything about it but
like you know what I sometimes I just
want to see a fucking movie by myself so
I'm just gonna see it during the day
like a morning show one day this one and
smashed furniture broken chandeliers
destroyed paintings shattered bases so
half in the bag is dropping during
extreme as is tradition yes
it would not surprise me if anything not
necessarily I like seeing movies along I
mean you know it's always fun you know
like if you go with a group and usually
the people that I go to see movies with
aren't obnoxious assholes so it's it
hasn't been that big of a problem but I
will tell you this as a parent yeah even
if your kid is good in the movie theater
which mine are I have trained them to be
good in movie theaters oh there's always
that like little part of your brain that
is like listening to them and if they
need anything if they you know like all
of a sudden if there's a bathroom issue
if there's you know a food issue of it
there's a spill like there's just a tiny
part of your brain the thing is into the
kid so wait a minute wait are those
ghosts super ghost story is what like
echoes they're not even a ghost I
recommend you I'm gonna go to a morning
show I'm gonna go to a morning show
during the week I'm not worried about
getting tickets for that let's start
there am I feeling better yes I'll
probably still sound a little throaty
today I head up just this awful awful
sore throats on on Wednesday thank you
by the way rich force almost drew me on
Wednesday really appreciate I guess
comments people seem to like that stream
even though I like hardly said anything
well and I know you picked this game
because you know it's very dialogue
heavy it was a smart call can we take
the stairs well whoever suggested where
were actually suggested it was a great
idea
great idea
or something so so yeah it was just my
throat was all sore it was it was awful
but it's clearing up now and you know
the other thing I was worried about of
course was getting you sick oh yeah I
appreciate that and and you know just
like us trapped in a room for hours
alone knowing that you know like there's
stuff that you were going to have to
record later it was you know but let's
just get rich Evan sick I don't know
have you been playing okami at all
everything I know I downloaded it today
I kind of remember rich
I kind of remember oh shit I got a play
Oh calm even a waggle my finger are you
all the dog I want to talk about that
next week
I know I know this upcoming week it is
next week already
I love time I love time
oh let's see what we have here why would
you even ask that
Jaka what's your favorite pokemon ridge
since you aren't into Pokemon who is
your favorite recently outed sexual
harasser don't know like lame from
talking about Pokemon story sexual
harassment yeah it's you know who is
your favorite Pokemon oh uh you know who
I always enjoyed from the original
series is magic magic carpets that's my
favorite recently revealed sexual
harasser how funny yeah I always liked
the bit for Magikarp is Magikarp is an
utterly useless Pokemon week and you
have a chance to buy him very early on
in the game for a large amount of
ridiculous and by Pokemon in the game as
well he's like he's like one of the few
worthy only in the original game that
you can just buy okay but he's useless
he can't attack he has no attack and he
can't defend and he's weak and he's
nothing he's a nothing Pokemon gym but
if you can train him which is a really
difficult task
eventually he turns into a giant
kick-ass dragon okay but he starts off
as an utterly useless poker - that's
adorable
he's a fish that's right so I always
liked that bit of magic part of him just
being useless and with your grit
determination and and stubborn will you
could turn him into a fighting machine
so he's completely useless until the
very end like and or any of his
intermediary stages useful no no as as
Magikarp he is nothing and you have into
what you only have the one evolution it
has the one evolution okay and so as
Magikarp what you have to do is toss him
into a battle and then bring him out and
toss another pokemon in so he shares
experience points which is really
difficult and time-consuming and can
hurt your other Pokemon and so it's it's
how do you train it if you can't win a
battle that's how you do it you have to
get him to share the experience by
tossing them into battle bringing him
back out than tossing a new Pokemon it
to finish the battle can you grind the
early areas you can you could grind
their early areas but that would take
even longer so
anyway I always so I he was he was
always my favorite sure he can tackle at
level 15 but it's your nothing he's so
weak it doesn't do anything but let's
see here um do be sandwich says question
Ricardo yeah and also Harlan can a
single character good or interesting
really be enough to invest in a TV show
movie or book house yes any medium in
general Evil Dead notwithstanding well
you can't give an example of a movie
with one really good character and just
say that doesn't count as a movie with
one really good that's okay I got I got
you a second one anyway huh boom that's
a great example I mean really any of
those detective shows right and like
look at something like monk or psyche or
Columbo like Columbo is a detective
story where you know who done it but
you're just so fuckin into Columbo that
it doesn't matter that's what that's
what entire shows are built on is just
good characters even just one good kick
you say do you mean
Kellogg's crumb flakes we can talk about
the uncanny valley that is Attila battle
angel have you seen that trailer no I
think so it's a it's a seems to be a
live-action movie and it might be based
off of an anime okay but the Tiwi of the
battle angel is is a fully CG character
but other people are real human mess
does she look anime she looks a little
anime does she look human she's she's CG
but like are they going for realistic or
does she look like an anime character
we'll see that's the interesting part is
because she's supposed to be kind of a
robot they they Anna made up a person
yeah and so actually I I kind of liked
the way she looked and I'm hoping that
because she's CG it's actually kind of a
meta commentary on what I think the plot
of the movie is so it could be
interesting that has to end up looking
creepy right there's no way that doesn't
look creepy oh it does no and it does
look creepy but I think that's
purposeful like I think the uh they're
using the uncanny valley to the
advantage of storytelling where she's
not quite human but almost human that's
what I assume so that's what I assume is
like because she doesn't really look
human they're hope they're using that as
a commentary
I thought the trailer looked really cool
I'll be honest with you look like
they're gonna have some neat action
stuff and action stuff that they can get
away with because she's already CG
pardon me
good theory but Rodrigo isn't that smart
I don't know you know he's old school
you might be able to it you might be
able to pull it out Jennifer Connor
that's right Thank You chef for
reminding me riches now going to that
way you get my interest and she's not
just a voice she's in it yeah
so I don't know I think we're having the
trailer look meat I think relocate yeah
put that down on my list but there's so
many things on my list now that if
getting is getting a little ridiculous
which is mine movies I need to see a
list
it's just kidding it's getting
overwhelming
hey how about that atrocious trailer for
alpha I don't know if I saw that I don't
even know what alpha is sorry
that's a cool design for it ghosts but
it's not leaving them
the chef ghosts like its arm its arms
aren't moving those things I believe
looks like a still image of hooks that's
moving me off I was like man and volt or
something I don't know
schemers need it looks same it looks
like everything one ghostbusters fan
would want you get to be a Ghostbuster
right have you seen Jack trigger choices
that's what I was just thinking well
with my with my movies I need to see I
have never seen looper no that's the one
that Ryan Jensen he that's the movie he
did before the star doors and I have
heard nothing but good things about
people and I like Bruce Willis and I
even like that Joseph gordon-levitt and
it seems like a really neat sci-fi
premise and I haven't seen brick it's a
it's a Joseph gordon-levitt
it's a high school noir detective movie
set in modern-day Los Angeles cute I've
heard good things and uh there's another
movie the brothers I was it called the
brothers Briggs be the boo-boos but
nice cat the Brothers Bloom that's what
it's called
and I remember way back in the day area
no way back when I heard that rain
Johnson was joking Star Wars they
reminded me to see me oh yeah gotta get
looper back up on my list of Newtons to
see it I never got so I've gotten better
at this game that kitchen level used to
kill me constantly oh yeah
now do you get to choose which
Ghostbuster you are you're the rookie oh
oh it's basically so you can just sit
back and watch the other guys when they
do their thing
gotcha gotcha so you do not play as no
as one of V good you're you're the new
guy that hired a test on all the
experimental weapons that might blow up
on your back
that's great you don't they don't treat
you with much respect that's perfect so
yeah one of these days I'll get around
to blooper I'll get her onto everything
one of these days checks out here
what are you guys doing what are you
guys doing it's waiting they're waiting
for you rookie Rookie
there's just something I'm missing here
Oh rich can you fix that fix it so I can
see that screen a little bit more is our
green screen off oh good one someone
someone just tipped us to stay fix that
green screen please what's wrong with it
we can't see anything guys have we
discussed star oh yeah we just did full
spoilers oh yeah whoo go back and go
back to the start of the stream
what's wrong with the sorry if it was
freaking out before but it seems to be
fine now top above Jack no it's I don't
see anything I don't know what you're
doing Jack has a black triangle above
his head he doesn't what are you talking
about I click on just another side see
how it's on cam link so we can see the
frame just click on something else oh no
you can turn to keep the game on what do
you mean click on something else see how
the yeah oh oh there oh yeah oh this
must have fallen off of the thing under
there oh okay see so we have like this
frame that's around and we actually
could not there was a white border
around the little screen for our camera
that was actually blocking that really
weird really weird I'm gonna I'm gonna
get the game back on you get the game
back home it's off its thing all right
all right there we go
there we go I fixed it
also did I fix it yep totally fix it
it's on a little wedge alright so what
am I missing
turn down the generator and the guys
will stop you why did they stop here
back on its thing
the our green screen is a is a piece of
plywood that we have painted green it is
it is uh it is a just a big hunk of wood
that is sitting on top of two smaller
hunks of wool but the difference egon
and it fell off of one of its hunks of
wood how did you find out exist I don't
remember
I don't either I didn't care I just like
psych-out my presence I didn't give a
shit you've been leaving Santa my anger
whatever
yeah sure he's there yeah and I didn't
think about it I didn't care as long as
I got up on Christmas in their presence
that was all that mattered that was the
thing where like I I want to I want to
say like you know so you know it's
actually it's actually me who brings
your present I ain't saying that I
actually claim to believe in Santa years
after I did because I did not want to
kill the Golden Goose
ah right wait a minute
ice if I tell if I tell them I don't
believe in Santa does that mean I get
presents oh yeah I believe in Santa
Santa come yet oh I was a fraud god I
don't know gotta there
yeah so no I but I don't know the
specific time I also like you know I
have a younger brother and so I had to
keep up the facade a little bit longer
yeah you know which was and I think it's
fun like yeah if you find out yeah just
don't spoil it you know I think that was
actually actually I think I remember
that is okay you're right Santa's not
real but if I find out that you told
your little brother that Santa's not
real no presents for you and I was like
fuck it then I'm in I'm on it yeah I
mean on the bit Santa's real oh yeah
reindeer all that shit I'm in on him
fraud fraud no no that's that's a payoff
rich I got paid off I I was a I was
bought by big Santa would anyone
recommend this game I would catching
ghosts is fun and if you're a fan of the
movies hearing the original actors do
their characters again is it's an insane
nostalgia trip I've heard this is you
know kind of the unofficial ghost as
he's three you know yeah so why not so
why not that's not a payoff Jack that's
extortion but I was being extorted I
mean why do we keep seeing new ghosts I
was beat no I was being paid in presence
to keep as a secret I will say this
though I had to break it to my little
brother my parents didn't want to have
her sock so that was a little bullshit
like I was just like I had that
responsibility you had what you had to
tell him yeah that shouldn't be a
responsibility for a second he's gonna
figure out his own no I remember
specifically like it was my mom who was
like you have to
Oh cuz I think he was asking questions
like I think he was at that
for some reason it was wasted on
something I don't know why exactly so
you're his mother you do it bitch yes
that's exactly how I talk to my mother
who would then abruptly and thoroughly
kick my ass did I have to tell him yeah
that's a weird thing I had to save
Christmas one year you're the save her
save Christmas one how did you save
Christmas
my mother was buying a dog I knew about
it
that wasn't Christmas president and I
don't know what the fuck she was
thinking she bought the dog at like a
mall that I had a pet store when the
rest of the family was with and somehow
they got that I don't I don't remember
the details but the ID was in the car
and my siblings did not see the dog put
in the car or in the car on the way home
from the mall and this dog lays like
this like day before Christmas Eve or
Christmas Eve it wasn't far before
Christmas and this dog started barking
and just thinking as quickly as I could
just extremely loudly I just that's
great that's great Christmas girls let's
do the barking dogs version of Jubei I
wasn't that clever that's great that's
great the dog's name was jingle is not
bad dog my grandmother was generous oh
yeah
she seems to have vandalize the room
badly - hmm
I don't want to be hung from a ceiling
and drained of blood maybe fix that
green screen okay Helen but where
everything nope Beck hey guys says Chris
Christ for short I just moved to New
York City today by myself to follow my
stand-up comedy's dreams I am now living
in a tinderbox above an art studio
thanks for keeping me company on this
scary
odd time good luck Christ for short
you just keep keep getting me a good day
job but keep writing performing fucking
any good luck yeah I know if he's still
trying to be a stand-up that's a
commitment man yeah yeah he was coming
he was serious bottom but he was living
basically in a box that's this in
downtown Chicago was like literally a
recording studio that he wasn't supposed
to be sleeping in that he was that's
classic that's great
oh absolutely I Christ for short I
hereby authorize you you can use well
not well you know I can't authorize that
because that wasn't my joke the dead
bolt wedlock joke I can't authorize your
use of that that was some hack comedian
if you remember so don't use the dead
bolt Joe who's the bigger hack huh
hacker the hack that hacks after him
maybe you could use the dead bolt
wedlock joke as some sort of meta joke
maybe maybe but I cannot give you
permission to use that yo guys it's not
my mind to you come on uh an anonymous
wanted toilet bowl I'll go to toilet
ball what what just collectibles that
you need PK meter picks up on haunted
things here they're awesome right now
this is a haunted phantom flush toilet
nice oh and you just take the time yeah
or you got rid of its cursed energy well
it's think it still has the cursed
energy but it just no it sent that
Ghostbusters finally oh great yeah
perfect perfect let's see here anonymous
is saying just wondering what the
prereqs schedule is over Christmas and
New Year's when does Christmas fall oh
it's like it's like kind of Monday or
Tuesday it's like on a Monday or Tuesday
do you have any conflicts yes several I
will tell you I'm gonna look at the
calendar rate this very near look at the
camera the way this may very moment the
bug so we should be good we should be
good for Wednesday should sunday is
Christmas Eve
Oh so even Sunday's kind of fucked then
Monday's Christmas and then Wednesday I
leave oh oh yeah well we don't a makeup
day or what's the plan you do I guess we
can think about it to decide right this
second
what do we have another stream before we
have to worry about any of this
yeah Wednesday is it should Wednesday's
a solid should so we should get you some
for details on this Wednesday on
Wednesday yeah but then Sunday at the
Sunday after that is Christmas Eve which
is probably out and then and then
everything gets fubar
then everything gets absolutely
clusterfuck but we'll know more on
Wednesday we'll chat about hoping that
something supernatural stuff might
dissolve and I'll be able to open the
door oh I'm not doing it from no reason
a clown makeup stream ha
I bet later this week I can probably do
like some sort of you know morning Jack
scream
as a pre makeup stream we get if we
could get together on our normally an
off day that's better yeah we'll see
we'll see it gets having having uh I
have I have I have a several fractured
family yeah which basically means most
of my December is different Christmases
with different fractions of the family
yeah yeah which turns into a giant
clusterfuck stream after the okami with
you oh yeah maybe I can work that could
work
Zelda but you're a stupid dog many
people see being a stupid being a dog as
I have ival so far I'm not crazy for in
it but so far I have a decent amount of
things to say about Oh Connie a game i
never played when it first came out
was a beard oh I thought it was like a
jellyfish monster no it's a floating
beard great great it's part of the
dumbest thing I found okay well that's
fine will there be a Lego stream again
who knows the Legos are clean at the
moment the Legos are cleaned up is it
blue shirt Sunday Milwaukee no I was at
a Christmas
speaking of several Christmas parties I
was at a Christmas party earlier today
so I wore my Captain Picard make it snow
Christmas shirt oh but rich is also
wearing a blue shirt we're both wearing
blue shirts today and we're both wearing
Star Trek we're both wearing blue Star
Trek shirts today rich oh my god it's me
boast
can you believe it the ghost of Star
Trek that's exactly yes exactly woody
whiz let's see here dots 85 says hey
Jack I followed your advice and watch
which was done not entirely through yet
but damn it's nice and well made didn't
know that Germans can make such good
shows also the merriest Xmas in advance
dark is a very good show if you're into
some time-travel drama mystery who you
watch yourself some dark because it's
pretty it's pretty damn good
it's pretty dang good also the new
season of broadchurch just came to
Netflix oh man I love me some
broadchurch third ancestor who thing
it's not it's it's starring David
Tennant who was at one time though
that's that's the connection okay but
it's uh it's it's just a detective it's
just about detectives living in a small
town called broadchurch who is good he
said I bench that it's probably worse
that Hot Fuzz I mean they're both good
for different reasons
hot you know what it's not as
action-packed as Hot Fuzz that's right
and the new doctor the new doctors also
started how about funny the old doctor
and the new soon-to-be doctor star in
broadchurch and I think I heard that the
showrunner of broadchurch is the new
showrunner for Doctor Who starting next
season so that's very exciting because
it's a very well made show
a very very well Michelle if you like if
you like detective shows and I do yeah
it's it's one of those detective shows
that does a really good job of putting
up realistic red herring like you know
they give you they put you in the place
of the police and you have a lot of
options for the whodunit and they do it
really it's not Columbo it's it's the
anti Columbo
whereas instead of just being invested
in one character you are invested in
fucking everyone in this town and you're
invested in fucking everyone in the town
most of the people are very good-looking
I will be honest with you I will be
honest with you but so I didn't spoil
anything whodunits but it's very good
it's a very good show I think this is
the last season and it's very very good
psyche was just added to Amazon Prime
oh I know what I'm diggin later I could
I could rebuilt I'm scan get a good scan
Neal Brina 400 rich did you see the new
Blade Runner no Netflix yet without
getting a to spoiler I really liked the
new Blade Runner I thought I thought it
was oh you can spoil it so once those a
robot right well someone so a robot
that's not a spoiler you find that out
really really early on but so expose a
robot but uh no I thought it's really
good I thought it was I thought it was
dang near perfect I think much like that
directors other movie oh is that a
spider lady yeah oh that's the Black
Widow ha ha ha needs she lured people in
the hotel room and murders be nice
that's final no spoil okay so no
spoilers I thought it was dang near
perfect amazing sound design dripping
with visual metaphors and jokes about
Ryan Gosling's performance aside I think
I think you did a really good job I know
you know Rich's deadpan dead face Ryan
Reynolds impression is top tier but I
thought I thought its performance
oh god damn worse
ow so so well and we know I got I'm okay
no spoilers because rich hasn't seen it
and we can't like if rich sees it then
we can have a nice super spoiler
discussion but he hasn't seen it yet so
there's not even any back and forth talk
i can do with rich but i think it's very
good and I really liked the original
Blade Runner and this one I think this
very good job of adding to the world
Jerry J shared my thoughts on Blade
Runner I know he liked the new one yeah
oh yeah it's it it definitely has
interstitials it has more momentum than
the original Blade Runner in that it has
some momentum I like the original blade
I like it
executive Housewives robots replicants
are robots not genetically engineered
humans not entirely clear though really
is its yeah they're stronger than humans
the program blurs the line to me
maybe no I don't think so
the other term is Android sorry
they are Androids yes and they Dream of
Electric Sheep ah I like I like calling
them robots better because that sounds
sillier how about that
great then they robots next son of
Crafton says hey you guys it's Monday 2
a.m. here in Poland and it's snowing I
stayed up late so I could watch prereq
live for the first time big fan of our
LM love your work thank you you guys
make the best content thank you son of
Crafton now go to bed you can always
watch us later but we appreciate the
confidence
you gonna take it being on there okay
what would you do
oh it's adorable there's not the hardest
bosses
start saying robot legs I'd Berg robot
robots yeah Marnell have a little robot
Dalaman currently it is not snowing in
Wisconsin
it is very foggy out there accrued found
the 13th floor and we shut it down BKE
levels are back to acceptable parameters
this note of the mandala is fully
neutralized looks like we're back in the
Ruby ballroom we'll meet you at ecto-1 I
have no thoughts on the movie Dark City
because I have not seen the movie it's
somewhere on my list I know that's
that's a classic right I want to talk
about film noir and sci-fi I think Dark
City doesn't rest
oh yeah I like new are in sci-fi it's
very much more do you do you think I'm
gonna see that and then like the next
page you might is entirely possible you
will like them both oh yeah not gonna be
a jackass okay I could I'm physically
capable of being jackass if whatõs that
but what it's not yes yes Jennifer
Connelly
I got her hottest okay then I got it you
know what I got to see Dark City then at
maximum hot Jennifer Connelly so really
she's been at maximum hot since like
1993 when is you name a time Jennifer
Connelly is not at maximum you know I'll
agree with you never she is never not at
maximum hot yeah Roger Ebert like Dark
City enough that he volunteered to a
commentary track on the DVD oh really
yeah Oh neat I gotta see it then I gotta
see it I'll let it I'll add it to the
fucking neverending ever-growing list
that is giving me a panic attack
been a maximum of hot since 1991 okay
that's fair okay absolutely fair
can someone explain to me how an entire
island seats tonight the last Shandor
died yeah absolutely okay let's see here
prolapsed famous this is Jack I've been
watching old streams how did that
exterior fan work out prolapsed penis is
referring to when I did my PC build I
misread a couple items when I was
because I made a very small form piece I
had tiny cakes and I misread some of the
guidelines and so the case that I got
had an interior fan and we had to move
it to the outside of the case and so
it's a very tiny form case that has a
fan sticking out of its butt and it
works great I have never had an overheat
issue it runs smoothly
whenever I using whatever I throw at it
but I mean it has it also has a very
nice graphics card so my my exterior fan
was it was a
it was a rousing success was it
especially loud no no and actually I
have it at head height it's up on my
desk
currently my in my tower yeah and and I
barely hear the thing round yeah it's
gorgeous
it's gorgeous man I've even yes that's
why it's up at desk itís so I can blow
the dust hasn't everyone I have cats
I've cat oh oh I have one very large
cats and so I have a lot of cat hair in
my house and so yeah cleaning my
computer is is important to me and and
recently actually because I've had some
issues editing on my laptop I have
recently installed all of my editing
software the nice gaming
with a very nervous about because you
know it's my gaming and I don't want to
cross the streams but what I'm really
excited about is to itas some some video
rendering like some export times at this
thing to see how fast it can fling out
mp4 five because I'm sure with that
graphics card it's gonna be nothing it's
just gonna be true shimmers goblet
architectural style range from federal
to Art Deco alright just a book I'll
take it yep
I use Premiere Pro yeah I mean I use
Premiere Pro but I also use After
Effects Photoshop lots for the for the
audio only for the prereq quick apps I
was actually editing the audio in Adobe
Audition which was really great because
I found actually the perfect way to to
cap both of our audios in audition and
so I'm going to continue using that what
I'm going to do is edit edit the
episodes in Premiere send the audio over
to audition to fuck around with it bring
it back into premiere
so if the encoder supports CUDA or
whatever it should have some good encode
times yeah it does support CUDA so I can
use my graphics card to encode the video
so so I'm thinking it's gonna rip I'm
thinking it's gonna rip that stuff right
out I'm really excited about it
do I shoot in 4k no why we shoot in
1080p cuz the majority of content viewed
on YouTube the vast majority I'm talking
we're talking 80% of content viewed on
YouTube is still done on mobile devices
I thought I bought that this whole time
ago without the he production on the
stasis beam dog that's bad yeah that's
bad what GPU I have a gtx 1070 I want to
stay I forget to be honest with you you
know
not still more and more is on mobile
devices well that's what this is what
I'm saying is the the majority of
viewers for like as as long as mobile
devices have been a thing the majority
viewers on YouTube are viewing content
on mobile devices and most of those
people are watching at something like
360p like not even high-definition you
know they're watching at an incredibly
small frame so 4k shooting for YouTube
is a little silly right now unless you
are shooting specifically to say this is
a 4k video that doesn't sound like a
real thing but I don't remember
most people have potato internet exactly
like you know for YouTube 4k is mostly
useless
I have had some clients talk to me about
shooting in 4k and whenever we are
shooting something for television
commercials I will rent a better camera
but if I'm ever making anything for a
client that is only gonna go about I'm
psyched and they asked me for 4k I
gently explain to them why and we can
keep a budget down if you don't rent a
4k camera oh shit it's all of the
Winston
Coffee for mana says hey Jack from an
from a video editor standpoint why do so
many prefer max over pcs that's a really
good question I don't know if I have a
preference goodbye
I'm sorry for a long time there I can
tell you for me as an editor it had to
do with compatibility and crashes for a
long time one of the best editing
software's out there was Final Cut and
Final Cut was an Apple based editing
software and so it ran better on Apple
machines and you wouldn't have the
crossover issues that you would have
running that on a PC
so that's probably why most people went
Apple to start with and then it's just
carried over that's true max also came
with firewire ports which interface
directly with TV cameras apples for a
long time were almost tailored towards
the creative professional that's not so
much the case anymore but I think like
so many of us just kind of grew up on
Macs and so we just keep using them now
I would have out of habit more than
anything I also think that the apple the
Apple user interface is significantly
easier than Windows and you know I'm
running Windows 10 on my gaming computer
now I'm pretty proficient with Windows
10 but I will always find a Mac and
troubleshoot I always always my Mac is
easy I think that's and I think a lot of
that is changing Apple has been pretty
deaf to the complaints of their pro
users recently they in fact only very
very recently started integrating their
laptops with moving built-in support for
external graphics cards so what you're
saying is
but basically the creative world which
is changing
so jack will he'd be getting that 15
grat grand iMac throw no I'm sure I
won't what I will be doing is making
sure that all of my external hard drives
are formatted to exFAT so they can
handle both Macs and PCs because I will
probably be transitioning over to PC Oh
a little bear now let's anyway I think
that's why a lot of people started on
Macs that's why I started on Macs and I
think I will always find the the
operating system I think I will always
find the Apple operating system then
windows but I have a nice and powerful
Windows computer right now as we love to
edit
I'm itchin rich
Jack's being deprogrammed having a
preference
for a long time Apple was had to had
some clear benefits and they no longer
have the clear benefits as as pcs did it
we're playing on a flight stick does it
look like I'm playing on a flight stick
rich has a little number pad and a mouse
I got places to go camera do we use for
a live stream we use a Panasonic gh2
it's it's actually it's it's a little
DSLR camera that has been sitting in my
office and collecting dust for a long
time well I used to shoot episodes with
us I used to use it for I still I guess
I could still use it for a secondary
camera on some of my shoots but I just
haven't had a need to use it in a very
long time so it's been collecting dust
in my office and the Elgato cam link
came out recently so it just has an HDMI
in there we go from geh to - cam link is
rich using a razor and keyboard no I'm
using like was this like a four dollar
number pad yep well here the the brand
of this number pad is wired numerical
keypad that is the brand of that
particular keypad yeah I want to say we
got that on Amazon for $4.99 the mouse
is a SteelSeries I actually did buy
another one that one had the wonky
buttons yeah yeah got rid of a lot one
that had has better buttons I'm not bad
experience with the one it's a great
Mouse what the numbers you know still
serious makes it's the rival 500 it's
the one I'm using bajo had one at home I
bought one for the studio the one of the
studio had some issues with the buttons
where the buttons weren't working I like
the product but they have to live with
the stigma that I have to say on air
that I bought a dud from
otherwise authoring the one I bought
that was a dud
sure I like the SteelSeries rival 500
okay but you might get a dud but you
might get a dud so as I do so make sure
that you have you keep your receipts
have that return policy in order so far
I'm two out of three with them but still
you got that one failure you know it's
it's it's average its average shape of
water has not released wide yet I'm
looking forward to it I think it comes
out this week and it's only playing at
one theater here in Milwaukee and so far
I think they only have like one showing
plan so I got to get my ticket to that
because I really want to see that I'm
looking forward to that picture I guess
so but it doesn't it doesn't come to
Milwaukee until I want to say this week
Thursday but I'm looking forward to it I
want to see I want to see Guillermo del
Toro's take on a romantic movie all
right let's see here that guy from the
Scotland says will we ever get another
superhero best of the worst I'll send
you my eighties hope movie where he
fights for by the way I live on an
island that won't get Star Wars till you
tell me honestly can I say anything
because I find out what I think suited
up I'm sure that seems like a likely
scenario yes and I have asked rich not
even to give a vague impression as I
have stayed pretty well away away from
any criticism or review of the movie
explain what's the other part of that
something else oh yeah another superhero
best in the world I've heard plans I've
told the story many times a long long
time ago years ago we all sat down when
we weren't recording a best doors and
came up with a list a list of ideas for
episode will best to the worst with
movies yeah that we have on the shelves
you know like oh we could do it this
thing we could do this thing we could do
this thing
we have never ever in the next three
years used that list and I want to say
somewhere on that list is like another
superhero it happens when it happens
I personally would love to do the not
the Phantom the yeah I would love to do
the Phantom I would love to do Billy
Zane The Phantom because I want that as
a kid and I loved it and I have not seen
it as an adult and I would love to
rewatch the Phantom
shurl inator says I just went on a huge
best of the list binge made my game
through the day
Jack did you see Jurassic world 2
trailer he's gonna be a Jurassic world -
why do you sound surprised
I usually made like a billion dollars
did it
it sucked so bad I did I didn't even
know there was gonna be a Jurassic world
- so I have not seen this trailer and
I'm I am frankly shocked that there is
going to be a Jurassic world - so there
you go
didn't see the PT Barnum musical trailer
yeah Hugh Jackman the world is changing
they say that in the PT Barnum musical
trailer every everybody's got a show
everybody's got a bit I guess in
reference to the rise of freaks the
world its Jenner eyes of celebrities
like it's like the shot of the bearded
lady you know I'm like Hugh Jackman I
like Zac Efron it looks like the movie
is going to gloss over some of the more
shy story aspects of PT Barnum it looks
it looks kind of like a feel-good it it
looks like what my usual problem is with
any biopic which is it was just glosses
over many aspects of that person's life
the PT Barnum
that could be found sure don't gloss
over just about other things but yeah
it's gonna be a beautiful yeah but you
know what it might be fun who knows I
would rather watch PT Barnum documentary
yeah
the world's changing the kid
like just a team movie yeah that would
be fun
but they wanted to make it a musical
because Hugh Jackman really likes to
sing and he hasn't been able to sing a
lot wasn't that was Oscar paid oh it's
not la storia no la la la la la yeah
they go I think it's I think it's that
guy oh okay
listen Hugh Jackman has had to play like
badass Wolverine for the past decade and
he's like listen guys I just want to
sing and dance now for the rest of my
career
which he's entitled to he gets to do
whatever he wants is he gay
no I don't want to be Wolverine I want
to dance first of all there's nothing
I'm not saying there's anything wrong
with it I'm just asking yes he came
first of all hurtful stereotypes
second of all no actually has a very
long marriage cool my my gay uncle has
like The Wizard of Oz collectors place
stereotypes come from somewhere the man
just likes to sing and dance rich that
does not make him gay I know what was I
watching they just did an interview with
him recently where he was it was him and
his wife he met his wife on an
Australian daytime soap opera she was
like the big lead actress on this
Australian daytime soap and he was in
fresh new kid and he loved her okay he
was just okay he was madly and deeply in
love with this lady who was way beyond
him like oh she's a big celebrity she's
a big star and
the tables and now she's not acting like
she's still there be honest thanks Mary
as a smoke screen
please ever that's never happened that's
never happened you think she might be a
beard is that I'm saying it's possible
I'm saying I'm throwing it out there
awesome bility I mean well then it's
like that's a possibility as in anyone's
wife as a possible you know I'm probably
not gonna happen that much in the days
to come because you know the world just
changing and being gay is no longer a
thing that has to be like a stigma right
but a sham marriage could be a stigma so
now he's just stuck in it every day is
like shit Hollywood's cool with gay
people not damn it well he's he's not
just a gay person remember his spin his
horrible horrible disgusting obviously
you know Kevin's fit for fuck sake well
I do know his horrible spin yes sure I
acted inappropriately to many people but
I am coming out of closet huh let's do
anything FX yeah I caused it now and
everyone's like Kevin we've known for
years man that doesn't make it
appropriate to uh to you know unwanted
sexual advances and groping buzz put him
out now congrat I'm gonna go to parades
man it's gonna be great
yeah that was that was nice
that was absolutely nuts by the way
luckily no one bought it yeah no first
they did which is what's nice cuz like
maybe someone could have been like uh uh
maybe now but no one bought it so that's
great well like that Jerry Smith Kevin
Spacey's career is changing no I hear
Bryan Singer's really excited to work
with them hiding hiding out under the
rainbow I like that the farts awaken
somewhere under the rainbow he touched
me I said no but I was a nobody
oh I want a job in Hollywood so I'll do
what oh no a lot of rhymes I had I
thought I had something but I lost the
time rainbow shields the story of Kevin
Spacey oh hey kids
the rainbow shoes I like it rich
so you know Laurel story hugh jackman
this got wife they seem to generally dig
each other but he's you know he's also
an actor so you never know just know and
I don't mean like all actors are gay I
mean he's an actor he tricks people for
a living so a beard
for those people in Japanese seem to be
curious about this is the the nickname
they gave two women who gay men get with
to try to pretend that they're not big
beard the thing that makes them look
more manly
wasn't going up I have to cut off flow
of this stuff so excuse me
down seems like the way it would need to
go or out does it have to open like barn
doors or is it a door or is it a game
see there's a river of slime coming
through here okay that's what needs to
be cut off yeah but it doesn't look like
there are tracks going down it looks
like there are tracks going yeah is this
your only weapon to solve this problem
no but it's the only one the seam
doesn't work like a trial I got like the
capture stream connection the roof ends
that's just not it's not grabbing this
ray kellogg's crown flakes has a
question with which is what's with Rose
McGowan though she's on some crusade
hating everybody and alienating herself
from everyone so I know very little
about this Rose McGowan has been
outspoken about Harvey Weinstein's
sexual misconduct yeah for years now
okay she has been trying to tell anyone
who will listen about Harvey Weinstein
being a crazy depraved freak and hurting
people's jobs if they didn't have
performed sexual acts with him right and
it cost her her career okay okay and so
finally the rest of the world has caught
up with Rose McGowan and she is saying
yes yes yes I've told you let's let's
you know she's just you know she's
correct is what's going on with Rose
McGowan yes Mira Sorvino is another one
whose career
got kibosh because she refused to do
things with Harvey what yeah well who is
that actress in the Frieda what was her
name the Salma Hayek had it was it was a
similar situation you know sure no Knorr
I just had a thought on the public and
so she she has been the reason that
you're hearing a lot about her recently
is that you know she finally gets to say
I told you so
oh oh are those weights oh there you go
those are like switches there you go so
I'm not going to I'm not gonna blame
Rose McGowan for taking a bit of a
victory lap here
so but yeah like the the the moral of
the story is if there was any like young
actress that you really enjoyed in like
the mid-90s and was in a couple of
movies and look like their star was on
the rise and then all of a sudden just
disappeared out of nowhere he said oh
hey wonder whatever happened to that
actress
they probably refused to sleep with
Harvey Weinstein and their career
abruptly ended is the moral of the story
absolutely let's see what we got here
Edo canítö says hey guys did you ever
play Wing Commander three or its sequels
that sounds like rich games I got around
reaches Ferguson okay no and I have not
either there's space combat flight Sims
with the action cutscene starring Mark
Hamill I played a little bit of one of
them I forgot which one I did not hate
it
okay they're cheap on GOG right now and
I own them on GOG I bought the one I saw
him on sale on GOG a while back I
haven't gotten around him for sure I
know a long time ago I played one of the
older ones uh-huh and I liked them
I mean tie-fighter like more so I played
a fighter right right right
I need to give some of the later Wing
Commanders a shot okay we can do that we
can do that we have the power
there are so many Star Wars games on GOG
yes oh yeah why I wonder why they would
be on sale right now Oh
what oh I just came to a realization
what you do know I didn't really do
anything I'm having an easier time with
sections that when I first played this
game really just kicked me in the nuts
okay like I remember that section I just
got through without dying yeah used to
be really difficult for me
uh-huh I realize when this game came out
I didn't have a PC cable applying it I
played the console version I am now
playing it with a mouse and it's like I
remember I used to die a bunch there
okay let's see here what do we got here
valiant bloodshot says what's your
favorite film this year
mine are ladybird free billboards
outside Epping Missouri and Blade Runner
20:49 I'm most looking forward to the
West Anderson I love dogs came out for
sure that's the that's that is the
biggest problem rich I can never
remember right about this year I'd like
was good guardians of galaxy to was good
what else do they actually get around to
seeing seeing Blade Runner in the
theater was really great I enjoyed that
a lot movie I don't best this year man I
don't know in the years not over and the
years not over I still have movies to
see so I don't got it I don't got a good
answer for you valiant bloodshot and I'm
sorry Blade Runner is up there I really
enjoy Blade Runner I thought that was
like I said I thought that was damn near
perfect that was damn near perfect I'll
probably shit I'm that director he makes
good movies see that oh crap I forgot
the moon
the movie he did before played on that
with the aliens
a rifle thank you jesus H Christ see a
rifle first it's really good and it was
Sicario that's another one that I need
to see that was the movie he did before
was very very good
I haven't seen baby driver come III hear
very good things about baby driver have
not seen it hoping to do that so many so
fucking many movies to see games play TV
shows to watch also books to read too so
many books three comic books today we
all want to read all the comic books
also did we heard this podcast there's
this great podcast that you should
listen to also oh you have to find some
time to make the videos about all the
other stuff and don't forget about works
just you know doing work and god I gotta
do normal work like how do you like
seeing family or friends because that's
got fit that the board games there's so
many board games rich there's so many
there's so many things I do Jack calm
calm the fuck down
Jesus fuck never
Jesus Jack you are falling behind on
your media consumption I am I am because
there because there's a lot there's a
lot to see and sometimes when you make
media there is this really tricky
balance between consuming and making and
you know if you consume too much then
you don't get to make as much and if you
make too much then you don't get to
consume too much and as you obviously
got bounced like I can't see cinnamon I
can't cut out this whole raising kids
part that's that's you get arrested for
that
if you cut that out of your life I guess
I could there's no good reason you
couldn't give them away for adoption you
know there's they just really need a
couple more years and and they're mostly
in self-sufficient this must be where
all the mood slime came from look they
must have pumped it straight into the
sewers LED TV raised them said putter
play that's how I grew up at that point
and I get it they get plenty of TV Oh

[Part II]
oh oh I get to go first Winston all
right kicks the door open it moves out
of the way it's perfect I'm not sure if
they said for comedy if that was sure if
that was just that what the player needs
to go first that's great though I
suppose if they did it on purpose there
there might have been a lying well why
don't you go first right but either way
it works yeah Winston is not stupid
right she sends the new guy there's a
way that's what you're here for
there's a reason Winston has been around
for so long you're like the 18th new guy
I'll show that shit in the movies
like like a spinal tap two drummers just
a montage of all the new guys dying to
ghosts I would kind of love that
close up the portals do it
Kellogg's Brown flakes is why do people
hate Winston Winston is cool
people who hate Winston are dumb Winston
works great in ghostbusters
all I've said about Winston yeah is
unfortunately for Winston he is the
straight man yes and that makes him the
most replaceable off of the group while
that is true he also has a very solid
purpose the original yes he does but you
could replace him with a lot of other
people who are also straight men sure
and it wouldn't change much that's true
that's true
a hypothetical situation the main cast
every one of the original cast they're
still alive yeah but you have to replace
one of the Ghostbusters it's when is
there any Hudson it's already Hudson yes
get Zac Ephron in there he'll be fine
he's a fine care he's just he's the
straight man yeah
agree agree
wasn't he originally gonna be played by
Eddie Murphy yeah they changed their
plans no and he I mean he plays the paw
he plays the part great Ernie Hudson but
I could see someone just being like oh
man those three ghostbusters are super
fun and great and then there's just as
normal guy but I think that's people not
understanding his purpose in the movie
you know be the normal guy yeah
okay at the blook prison this obviously
is a question for rich are you spooked
from this game apparently no this gave
us some fun spookiness we don't think
too seriously but it's spooky there's a
place it for some quests at ghostbusters
Tony in this game that's good
where the characters are silly but the
situation's take them the ghosts take
themselves seriously as ghosts they're
demons
yeah but the care of the Ghostbusters
themselves there are silly people in
horrific yeah I was thinking about the
Ghostbusters recently because I think I
finally figured out this is gonna segue
slightly away from the Ghostbusters but
still the generally intact I was
thinking to myself recently about the TV
show Dirk gently's holistic detective
agency which is a TV show that I'm still
currently watching and mostly in John
Maxis show maximum mr. max indecision I
think overall it's a pretty good show
but something that has always
earthed me but I've never been able to
fully understand why it's earth me is at
is Dirk is the character of York gently
in the show and something was always off
about the way the actor portrayed dirt
or the way he was written or just you
know something generally but I could
never put my finger on and it actually
got me thinking about Ghostbusters yeah
in the Dirk Gently books Dirk is
basically the Ghostbusters yeah
he's not anything special or magical
he's just a guy who understands that
extra-dimensional paranormal stuff is
real and exploits it for his benefit
okay that's it he's just like oh yeah
there is all of this stuff in the world
that is that is beyond our comprehension
and I
kinda know about some of it so I'm going
to use that to take people's money and I
really like that about lead Dirk Gently
character in the books but in the show
he is portrayed very different he is
portrayed as someone who is hyper
optimistic and in tune with the universe
and has a magical power right and it
made me like the show because I was
thinking about how much I preferred a
book writer gently over show dirt Enya
there's so many good things about the
show Elijah Wood is fantastic a lot of
the supporting cast is really good it
has it has big and unique off-the-wall
like sci-fi ideas and I like that not
not even science fiction just like
science fantasy just like out there but
it's all good except for it still acts
me that dirt is not the dirt that I need
and you know obviously like yeah they
wanted to do their own take on it anyway
never read the books whatever like
strange because I like well most of them
and I've been riveted really you like
Dirk Gently I do like Turk just weird
i-i've read bits of The Hitchhiker's
books you know like they have like
little chunks that are out there and
I've always liked them I just never got
around to it okay so
oh I like that hey whoa so one could say
that I'm worked by Dirk's quirks I like
that Emma and and flem yes I am saying
that Douglas Adams's is a better writer
than Maxwell I'm gonna put that out
there guilt-free so it was just one of
those things
yeah but see a good writer or just a guy
that had some is he a storyteller I
don't know the douglas adams is a
storyteller his books the good ones read
like just stream-of-consciousness weird
stuff and you know what that's why I've
been able to just take snippets of The
Hitchhiker's Guide books because yeah
they do kind of feel like unorganized
snippets what I can tell you is the at
and very least the first Dirk Gently
book is a very good story well it has it
has some good weird sci-fi ideas that's
really well put together so I guess I
will say he's a good a good story
I'm here need some help
hi aim high aim high rich have you seen
Syfy's The Magicians if yes what do you
think I'm they're taking the metaphor if
I have not do you like yes or no
yes so if so check the box I've not seen
the magician's it looks I've seen
advertisements for the magician's
because I watch other shows on sci-fi
and what it looks like is a is Harry
Potter fanfiction for if the kids from
Harry Potter went to a sexy college and
got all sexy and so I said that sells
Jack like that the kids like magic and
those kids are growing up give them some
magic sex it looked like something not
necessarily for me there's inevitably
Harry Potter porn out I have to take Oh
Oh God inevitable so much I'm sure oh
I'm in fact so dear god so much but no
so no I have not seen the magician Harry
Potter rapist wand had said or nihei III
bet if if we did a quick Google search
we could find no less than 100
pornography filled fan fictions that
started with Harry putting on the
invisibility cloak and going into the
girls bathroom string that's the start
of every like that's a hundred at least
right I'm sure there is there is Harry
Potter pornography that comes in all
flavors Harry Hermione Ron Hermione
Harry Ron Hermione and a clone of
Hermione I'm sure that exists all over
all of its out there
I'm not really worrying about collecting
your stuff right now but I think I think
I've got everything upgraded oh yeah
yeah Jack there are more than three
characters in Harry Potter I I don't
I've only seen the movies I've probably
seen the movies I'm not that invested in
the world of Harry Potter but I'm sure
that Harry Potter fanfic is so extensive
there are more than a dozen very active
websites like very active daily updates
on more than a dozen websites dedicated
to things and an org and guv
like there is a government agency
dedicated to cataloging all the
absolutely
to a Dumbledore Snape Dumbledore
McGonagall Dumbledore Snape McGonagall
all of them is that how you search the
characters and just in check boxes who
would you like in your pornography
filled fanfic oh yeah what about what
about Ron and McGonagall oh yeah some
Gil faction I gotta go to character
sounds like the Simpsons joke I think
McGonagall is is the old lady witch but
I don't know if that's her real name is
McGonagall her name Professor McGonagall
you can do rich is thinking of her
baffle
no is there a fake detective show where
they had a character called magar Nicole
we were like a police chief yelling at
Sunday though I gotta go there's
something like that
Oh so there's Maga Nicole and the
Simpsons did McGonagall McGonagall okay
this is what they're saying but but
there is a Professor McGonagall in Harry
Potter okay it sounds like a fake name
it sounds like a fake Harry Potter name
rich it's one it is a fake name because
Harry Potter's fake but you know what I
mean
don't give me that shit you know what
that I mean that's very like you never
you never know I don't I don't recall
the solution I'll work out let's see
here the ghost of Nick yeah it's down
that's wrong who did the what now
okay there there is a jingle bells'
parody that the ghost of Nick would like
me to sing and I was just trying to get
the the rhythm right rehashed youtube me
they're called December's day and so
wedding new hack fraud sings blankets
gay forge a link kids gave Forge a
stream tips make Jack sing except when
he's a clown rich has disdain for final
fantasy when his sister comes to town Oh
jingle bells
Josh beards Josh's beard smells B OTW on
the switch everything can be an edged
weapon that your mother's up bitch that
doesn't quite work the ghost yeah
they're drunk look it doesn't third one
fit I'll be honest with you
maybe I'm singing it wrong I didn't get
it I didn't get the rhythm you were
looking for you needed to break up your
sentences in a more coherent fashion and
I'm done thank you the ghost of Nick for
your tips
that was awful I'm so sorry I'm so sorry
that I did an awful job
that's kind of this is the part so let's
see here let's move on that because that
was embarrassing for everyone not just
me gobbledygook says Netflix is working
on a new Shira cartoon for 2018 citing
to the success of wonderful sightings as
x4 wonderful one that now is the right
time for female superheroes rich would
you ever dress in drag to play a female
space cop so if you decided that you
know you wanted to cash in on this
female superhero things space cop - I
need a lot of money up front
absolutely hey if you pay him in cash
like a lot for for space cup - space
cops a girl
no packs is climb I'm not caught up on
tips I'm still catching up and I'm far
from catching up because it took me a
while to sing jingle bells I'm talking
about that but I am working on it what
you're saying is jingle bells burger I
just ruined to me but packs is prime I
see your tip it's coming up don't worry
I will get to it boss battles really
need the Ghostbusters theme does I love
that they use the Elmer Bernstein score
through most of this game that the boss
battles yeah really need the
Ghostbusters theme is the theme anywhere
in the game it's 30 seconds at the
beginning they might not have I'm almost
guessing they didn't have the rights and
they well wasn't there was a lawsuit
after the after the movie right Louis
yeah because it sounded just like
fucking Huey Lewis no it doesn't yes no
back them back they don't sound that
alike it sounds just like the thing he
made for for fucking back to the future
no it sounds supposedly the song they're
suggesting it says it sounds like wasn't
I wanted a drug doesn't sound like power
love are you kidding me power love or
maybe I was thinking the future yeah
gonna go back in time to Dan at Danna
dananana dananana no no no that sounds
like back in time well the song he
claimed they were ripping off was I
wanna do drug oh yeah yeah I think that
I maybe I'm misremembering song but I do
remember hearing the back-to-back
comparison and they're pretty damn tight
it ain't no Ice Ice Baby verses under
pressure well that was no that was a
sample that was a whole different thing
that is you know what absolutely that
was absolutely a giant load of crap
don't fuck up you gun you got him right
here Egon don't get stuck in the wall
you got oh he's stuck in the wall he's
stuck in the wall you're dead oh wait
wait oh fuck up he turned around just in
time to die sorry rich sorry let's see
here huh farted it says good evening
gentlemen
as ones who appreciate b-movies do you
think the same ideas can be applied to
songs I would submit that Christmas
shoes is so ridiculously bad it's
entertaining the toilet to listen huge
music line the human being yeah that's
more of a question remember that
question next time Josh but as far as
can a song be so bad it's good the
answer is obviously yes a silly song
that is just ridiculous and maybe a
little bit bad but you still enjoy it
absolutely to tell I'm less convinced a
song that you could like a song that you
could enjoy ironically yeah
unfortunately you're correct let's do it
it looks like the movement of those
spheres is stabilizing the no it's the
crash-test gremlin it's different than a
parody song like Weird Al makes a parody
song it's not so bad
he who blinks has a good suggestion
before a so bad it's a good song but I'm
gonna put a little copy out on that
which is Rebecca Black's it's Friday do
you remember that yeah yeah so that song
is so bad it's good but I think a lot of
that had to do with the also so bad it's
a good video that went a long way if you
just heard the Friday song you might not
have the same reaction as seeing the
horrible video that accompanied it you
know I'm saying very hard to say not
having heard the video heard the music
heard the song without seeing the video
right I don't know that I could put
myself in that mindset
I just have to pick some fucking long
who's the black dude she was rolling
with that was the producer of the song
and he ran a scam business now I didn't
run a scam business he here Anna he ran
a business writing and producing songs
for rich kids so their parents could say
hey for your birthday you can make a
song in a real music video you can be
you know like a cool pop song and I
think it was supposed to be more like a
just a thing that the kid and parents
showed to their friends once and then
everyone forgot about where she's
supposed to be you take this to the
record producers I'm showing them what
you can do
oh it could've been that too that was my
assumption I had always assumed it was
like it was like for your 16th birthday
we're gonna make the music video with
mommy I want to be a star you think I
mean they wouldn't surprise me
yes KPI like I like the way you put that
escaping once as fantasy trips more like
you know a date camp well you know you
go you make a music video you make a
song it's all cute and it's a cute thing
that you can share
but then you know it's just one of those
things that they put up on the YouTube
page to get more clients and the winters
like how it does party bazooka says are
you sure it wasn't a wedlock in a
deadlock I am sure about that the joke
was wedlock sounds a little too close to
the dead ponies great joke it's a joke I
love
oh my god leggy a plastic face when you
fall over is almost frightful you're
dead you're dead plastic face when you
fall over oh shit
this is game any good yeah I'm not too
picky
I'm not sir particular on this fight
though I think yeah like yeah you've
said this before work just like just for
the dialogue along well I don't think
it's a terrible day it's not perfect I
said this fight yeah
catching ghosts is generally fun though
just like some things like gargoyles
like you don't really necessarily want
to capture them but you can like catch
them in the stream just slamming them in
the ground to break them some neat ideas
this game has for ghostbusters combat Oh
three more TK I know I know you're
joking but it's an incorrect joke
dreamer TK is I'm sure a joke because he
has little kappa faces only female
character equals secretary sexist are
you forgetting about the female lead of
the movie fucking Sigourney Weaver
stress but you know what she did have a
full character yeah like she wasn't just
a girl who gets kidnapped you knew who
she was and what she did and what she
wanted
she had a carrot also she's great but
asbestos what do you want you believe in
demons the paranormal the theory of
Atlantis hired go she's great
we got one what I'm saying is Dana Dana
as a character even though she was you
know the love interest and the damsel in
distress was a complete character she
was not just tits who gets kidnapped yes
yes leftover beeping that is one of the
best lines picking up or dropping off
when the cops show up a posse looks she
looks too different though what they do
with her hair it's fine no I mean my
face doesn't look great game ruined 0
out of 10 members
grid again again just like by the way I
would watch a Potts movie yes just like
a secretary taking weirdo jobs at a
bunch of different weirdo businesses
just a Janine movie just like sassy like
like a temp she has a bunch of temp jobs
at a bunch of weirdos startups I mean
kind of love that taking off on my own
oh that's another great line of hers I'm
very psychic about paintings I'm very
psychic about things I think you're
gonna die anyway what do we got here
what we got here a son of crapped ins
the sony is reporting loss on its movie
division duh do you guys think it's
possible they will sell it to Disney
would Disney then remake Ghostbusters
what about possible crossovers with the
Ghostbusters universe
I am conflicted with my being more
comfortable if Disney has full control
over the spider-man movie rights vs. my
not wanting to see Disney have a
complete monopoly on all of fucking pop
culture the Fox deal I mean they have
they fucking on everything now here's
Disney is becoming dangerously large I'm
gonna I'm gonna go go out on a limb here
and say I think that Disney gobbling up
all the intellectual property in the
world is a bad it's making me
uncomfortable yes and they're already
asserting their pressure with Star Wars
theater owners were reporting that
Disney was making them put Star Wars on
more screens yeah and Disney wasn't
giving them
as big of a cut which is going to end up
as a stir baiting if I'm using that word
correctly the crisis that theater owners
are going through right now with not
making enough money to keep theatres
open because of lack of interest I I
know we're talking to doom and gloom
right now but I'm gonna I'm gonna go
away just for a second briefly oh thank
you for whoever band Ratt monger get
that dick head out of here spoiler huh
spoiler no I made it they made it they
made a Jew joke so Disney I'm gonna 180
go a little bit light for a second okay
something I thought about after I heard
about the Fox merger yeah do you suppose
that they're gonna start just for no
particularly good reason throwing the
Fox logo into the opening of Star Wars
movies is the old school think they're
gonna just go old school and just throw
that in there for no good reason just
because they can just to do it because
they can they'd be funny
kinder soup absolute ones absolutely but
that first of all that would be really
funny that's how all Star Wars starts
and it was a little weird not seeing
yeah for for the force awakened I agree
I agree but
to bring it back to serious the you know
the nerd side of you is really welcoming
of them getting the rest of Marvel
movies like oh hey they're gonna maybe
maybe we can get a good x-men movie
maybe we can get a good Fantastic Four
movie hey
they make good movies so like yeah let's
give them these stuff but they didn't
just get them they got so many IPs and
they're gobbling up more and more and it
is becoming dangerous I'm closer to the
end that I've got how else no okay good
I thought those last two levels were
long busy the hotel and the the slime
castle train comes in longer oh well
because I'm going through the mouths and
I am NOT bangs oh it's far easier to get
through these sections
so the the the the there's not literally
nothing that rich and I can do about
Disney buying everything in its path but
I do think that it is dangerous yeah and
that even though as moviegoers Disney
makes good movies they do sure sure it's
just it's still them owning everything
and asserting that kind of power over
theater owners is dangerous to other
movies as Warner Brothers the last gem
and their Infinity Gauntlet right right
like you joked about that a couple weeks
ago them buying Warner Brothers and
getting the rights to DC and they just
got their eyes and for some reason
wanted III want to see now a
photoshopped image of Thanos with the
glove yeah it just got like the you know
the two gems on it's got one gem and in
the gem it says Lucasfilm the other gem
it says Fox exist of course somebody
send me a link I want to see that image
yeah get us that get us a link to that
what doesn't disney on these is well and
see you know it's it's all well and good
if you're just watching the movies it's
all well and good but what disney is
going to start doing is edging out the
smaller competition which means less
movies are going to be made that aren't
disney movies and this is actually why
we should be very happy about things
like is it and don't cram did you get it
for us even as a mickey mouse face thank
you guys thank you so you know the
things that we are looking towards is
stuff like Netflix original movies and
amazon has been making their own
original content which is great because
these are the people that will be
fighting the wars on the front line
against Disney's takeover
and Disney with a past merger already
has like a controlling share in Hulu and
I know you know Disney has been talking
about getting their own streaming
service for a while now but they'll
probably just end up taking over Hulu
and having like a Disney Plus I
associate hooli would excessive ads yeah
yeah that's fine if they were smart
they'd rebrand that's very possible
Hulu is easy to remember though that's
right Disney owns the or will Disney
will own the Simpsons I don't think the
merger has gone through yet right it
might it might actually need government
approval I think it does because they
are they're too powerful I last I heard
I think they're waiting like eight
months or so I think it'll be like eight
months before they get government
approval yeah I built I believe it it's
getting dangerously close to the one
ring to rule them all territory is that
WB is that Universal because do they own
Lord of the Rings that I just made that
joke for the one rings joke but I'm not
sure what the right situation those who
owns the movie rights to the Lord of the
Rings who made that might not be any big
studio it might have been spinel
okay oh no that's WB okay well at least
we'll get Lord of the Rings Lord of the
Rings is still with WB do they actually
own the right stores I just got a deal
to make those specific movies oh sure
yeah rights are actually in the hands of
a god the total Minister yeah well I was
just more concerned with like who maybe
it's like now now does Disney have like
a shoe in the door and we're getting
that we're getting that shit we're
getting this shit that's our shit now
see that shit that's our shit now - I'm
gonna get fucking everything yeah they
absolutely are consumed I am the mouse
who ensues
no WB has Harry Potter - right
isn't that WB that's it Harry Potter I'm
gonna be honest with you have no idea
this is the question I want to say I
remember that WB logo before the Harry
Potter movies oh is that a haunted a
haunted balloon on a month
yes WP okay so you know what actually
then WB has decent leg to stand on they
have the film rights for Harry Potter
okay so they're gonna be good for a
little bit okay just make make a million
more Harry Potter movies then you might
have enough capital to compete with
Disney
Disney Disney presents mad furiosa
Disney Princess she's she sings and a
bird lands on her on her arms thump what
the birds are gonna burn of course and
she sings that lands on her stump and
she grabs it and kills it for me she
just no she eats it right away
she doesn't break its neck I just showed
you right or wrong great great but still
have the the the arm limb with the with
the like gear stump on it yeah yeah oh
pardon me still getting rid of some of
this long for the princess doll the arm
limb that'd be removable accessory that
would be great what else would you be
able to put on her arm like a tea cup
holders or your free parties a shopping
bag holder you know for once you go
shopping and and a fully a fully
automatic shotgun fighting off the
hordes of war boys I think it's great
that's great
spooky skeleton that's very spooky let's
see what we got here spider Blair since
I recently started working at a high-end
pet supply store
I put sweaters on dogs all day who are
your top five celebrity dogs on our
crypto Muttley Scooby alas the Android
Oh what do I need top celebrity dogs is
that absolutely required I'm gonna say I
got none I have no celebrity dogs I care
not for celebrity dogs yeah I don't
either I I just don't give a fuck if a
dog is cute in the movie and I'm sorry
I hope you enjoy putting sweaters on
dogs saying what was the Frasier dog's
name oh yeah
the Frasier dog he's cute there we go
it's all you're getting out of me though
was his name ox like on the show it was
Eddie yeah but I think his real name was
like any time you see a dog like on a TV
show or movie you can clearly see it
looking at its handler off camera and
it's very distracting very distracting
of course mousse that's what it was it
wasn't ox his real name is moose Eddie
the dog from Frasier I remember thank
you
Decepticon sloth and mochi b85 also gave
me moose any celebrity animal what would
you be rich Evans
nobody should wander around technically
that satisfies your criterion orgasmic
daughter says Jack sounds considerably
more masculine does he have a cold I do
well I'm getting over a cold I'm just
over it but I still have a little lung
butter left over I have been using my
deep mighty slightly deeper and raspier
voice when when making calls to my
senators and congresspeople other issues
that I don't mind because I've been
doing that reason you call your senators
person to complain about things you
don't like
I know we don't know everyone no good
can come of it no good can kill it so so
but I've been calling like my Center to
go lemme tell you what I think about net
neutrality it's gonna mean bad things
for my business just so you know sound a
little more gruff and conservative as we
have a conservative senator I don't give
two goddamn licks about what you think
is gonna be good for business so I've
been I've been using it to add a little
drawl to my to my calls to my
conservative senator and I think it's
been keeping me entertained I don't know
if he's been listening but yeah goddamn
get it out of my business
choo-choo-choo-choo choo-choo-choo-choo
pick up pick up ray
button apocalypse no we are not talking
thank Star Wars I haven't seen it yet so
I've asked rich and we're not talking
about it in chat here as its opening
weekend like and many people probably
will talk about it I'm going
pax is prime says sent you guys a ton of
stuff from Singapore did it get to you
guys okay we get a ton of stuff snap
package anything you enjoyed our hated
is sorry for whoever ate the Duran
flavored stuff but it is the National
Fruit of Singapore sorry soon I I
haven't spent a few days and subject the
mail yeah going tomorrow so if I haven't
got it yet I'll get it by then somewhat
you sent it sounds like it got here
can you reel them in at all seems like I
can I'm trying to do the fancy thing and
it's not working
well you're hitting him behind a thing
you gotta reel em in a little bit and
then slam it yeah fuck it fuck it we're
just going right oh I'm trying to get
fancy and then I got stuck behind there
and he's free oh hey it worked you know
wasn't as impressive as if you would
have done it right away but it says it
was fun
I'm getting over a pretty bad sore
throat and cold I'm I'm over it now but
yeah my throat is a little scratchy I
that's why I was not here on Wednesday
as I did not want to get rich Evans sick
and my I was horribly horribly sore I
appreciate I appreciate it it's you know
that's the the thing about taking sick
days is not just for you to rest and get
better but it's to keep others from
getting sick
let's see here cam
Oh Lord says hey Jack and rich this is
my first prereq stream I just wanted to
say thanks so much for all the work you
guys do our LM never fails to make my
entire day with every new video thanks
for everything you're welcome
I mean I'm gonna say you're welcome even
though I have very little to do with
them sometimes I just say funny things
in them but you know I'll take the
credit it's very possible I have not
been paying them
arcticus rec says hey guys long time
watcher first time tipper what media do
you guys recommend to watch read or
listen to to learn the art and language
of visual storytelling and film or TV
well probably the media you would want
to do viewers TV or film so are you
saying if you want to make movies you
should watch movies probably help you
know you want to learn how to make TV
and movies you should read books
actually I was gonna give a couple good
book recommendations for how to make TV
no not a book on how to make movies just
book it was gonna be Charlotte's Web
shame yeah yeah read if you read what's
like the kids movie that's out now
that's based on the book about the kid
with half a face happy wears a cape on a
happy face what's it called it's it's
like it's like the new kid movie it's
it's like based off of the best-selling
book it's gotta came with like a half a
face in it what's his face the cap melts
it off it was like born with haven't
wonder thank you it's called read the
book the young adult novel wonder and
you'll learn about all about to be
panicky yeah well like kid who was born
with that worry headed axe I don't know
I am fucking don't know the story he's
got half a face but then he goes to
school and learns to love himself or
some shit I don't know I'm sure it's
very heartwarming
I did I never read the book on
storytelling you are perhaps but no
there's there's a lot of great books to
read and films to watch making movies
and television you know there's there's
so many there's one that I really like
that I can recommend if you are into
cinematography as I am but I have to
look it up because I don't remember
things or places and I've recommended it
before if someone can remember it before
before I can look it up there is a book
called cinematography theory in practice
in image making for cinematographers and
directed directors by blamed browing
cinematography theory and practice it's
a really great book kind of detailing
how a shot structure lighting editing
scene
blocking can affect it's a storytelling
it's a really great read it's actually a
it's a text book but it's really easily
giving a lot of exam
from a one-lane Brown thank you yes you
guys got it
cinematography art right uses with that
one by a sympathetically the one thing
that I just said like blame down I've
lost it already that's really good
there's a bunch of script writing books
whatnot and whosits
and a ton great online content about
proper filmmaking did you guys see that
thing something I think someone shared
it with us that the thing that uh that
rocket jump recently put out about the
original edit of Star Wars no I know I
know it was bad they they they had some
actual examples and like how much work
was done to fix Lucas's disastrously
boring first at it right right the
Disney needs to like is is Marsha is
George's ex-wife still around what was
her name if she is still around a Disney
needs to go to her house and give her a
dump truck full of money this lady's
single-handedly saved Star Wars her her
addition besides fixing you know a lot
of just normal editing stuff right
something I did not know and and you
guys should watch this really great
video by rocketjump something I did not
know about the original edit of Star
Wars is originally the Death Star was
not about to blow up the rebel base
really you know that that famous last
scene where the Death Star is closing in
on the rebel base so the rebels go and
attack the Death Star's before they're
ready and will they will they make it
that wasn't in the original cut of the
movie donate fill machine how do they
fix I've just been editing this is where
it gets brilliant if Yuri watch that
scene every line of dialogue about
attacking the rebel base is off camera
so amazing it's so great so a george
lucas's original edit of the movie is
the death star was just standing there
and the rebels went to it like it wasn't
doing anything the rebel is just like
yeah let's go find it and they went and
found it and attacked it and Marcia goes
George don't you think it would be
exciting don't you don't you just think
maybe there should be some I don't know
stakes so that entire back-and-forth
sequence was created in an after edit
and its glory like watch this whole
video there's a ton of little examples
of stuff they fixed apparently in the
original cut of the movie the first time
we meet loop is approximately like three
minutes of him just walking in the
desert not doing anything particularly
interesting because it's George Lucas
yeah there's extended periods with him
and who's his friend Biggs
yeah with with him and Biggs that didn't
really explain anything or over explain
things and so just just it was just
Marcia going honey honey can we um I'll
take I'll take it just you you go play
with your toys I'm gonna kill ya so a
rocket jump does does a really great
breakdown of all these things
and and it's it's one of those things
where if you watch this breakdown of
George's original cut of a new hope you
just you just completely understand why
the prequels are so fucked like George
is a really good idea man he's got some
nice ideas and then he's supposed to
hand it off to people who are more
competent than him yeah and he stopped
doing that for some reason you know I'm
gonna show Marcia all she thinks she
thinks she can divorce me I took half my
money after re-editing my movie the way
I wanted it so yeah it's it's it's a
really good watch I really recommend it
and you know there's a great lesson for
those creative folks out door it's just
a really great lesson in the in hubris
make sure you're open to other people's
ideas make sure that you know now
there's no problem in protecting your
vision but make sure you're open to
listening to those around oh you're fine
they're fine
and I seen patton oswalt talking about
men shooting film and women anyway I
have not but I enjoy Patton and he's a
clever and limited fellow so I'm sure
it's very good
yeah you seem to actually make that
arcticus note we did that doctor loop it
up his hijack I rich for oh hello
forecasts top of 42 degrees Celsius
that's a hundred and seven degrees
Fahrenheit an extreme fire danger today
please complain at length about how
horrible snow is so that I might feel a
little cool I really like this no I hate
it but I like the snow and I'm ok with
the cold so here's something that I
think three weeks before Christmas half
a week after yes and then gone it here's
you know what's really nice is when we
get a nice or big snow everyone gets
their shoveling done and then the snows
around but we don't have to shovel
anymore for a few weeks that's because
that could snow frequently of course I'm
Sam I'm saying it's really nice when we
get the big snow and then it doesn't
snow for a while because then we just
get to enjoy the look of the snow
without having to shovel every goddamn
day but it actually hasn't been too bad
here the last few days getting ended I
think there is something actually really
nice about the seasons in California in
in Southern California in Los Angeles I
think they take for granted their
beautiful weather every single day
whereas we have to deal with winter and
so our summers are
they're natives they don't understand
that they have good weather each and
every day even when it's the blistering
cold 52 degrees outside
ooh it's in the 60s better put on my
sweater I don't understand no no frame
of reference we prefer for true misery
it's no but it's not just natives people
who move there and have been there a
couple of years they acclimate so fast
and they forget I could deal with that I
don't know I think having the cold is
what makes the nice weather extra nice
is finding something to appreciate yeah
those people who live in the Bahamas
they complain so bitterly Hawaii
I think ye forget the one of the worst
places to live cry cry Marie you can
land in Hawaii so cheap
yes system new new islands popping up
every day get it they're giving them
away giving them away you don't want to
live here the weather's disgusting you
in the 80s and sunny and the beach every
day personal that would be yeah I was
gonna like I think a lot of a lot of
Caribbean nations though might have
legitimate gripes about you know
hurricane
I'm okay I'm okay with the season
laughing I think it's nice it's nice you
get we get them all we get them all here
in Milwaukee and now everybody does
excuse me for a moment I need to freshen
NIC
they're coming out of the ground
while they're airborne
talking about so we have to shoot the
Arab one coffins and I don't see a
single fucking one I'm guessing what is
this game now this is Ghostbusters the
game you're a Ghostbuster and you bust
just ghosts this is the new Star Wars
game it's they took it in a new
direction instead of having lightsabers
you have light cannon this set of
lightsabers you have an effective
long-range weapon you have a light oh
how about a light thrower you have a
light thrower and these are the new Sith
Lords who have interesting that's four
powers that right there is Darth
Plagueis count it counted for rich
good night Craig nation
have fun at your movie show
all right what do we got here CK and
nipple
it says dear rich and Jack just
subscribed tonight have been following
your YouTube channel along thank you for
all you do can you say where you buried
the time capsule no no I says Carl we we
didn't bury it and Carl gives the city
and states and I won't be back but I
will not say well that's true yes we
know we can't say there you can't say
where we buried it
it is really married them like I can
confirm that it was left there what's
what we could do
rich says casual horse I can't believe
you're still dismissing the
effectiveness of a lightsaber after
watching that surviving edged weapons
video fair point
I mean it's like it's like having a
infinity edges rich that's what a
lightsaber is there was a more recent
like self-defense guy who made a youtube
video that went a little viral about
facing knife opponents upon with knives
yeah and he was a martial arts
instructor and a self-defense instructor
in here well a longtime trainer and he
started his video saying you know like
an attacker with a knife is the thing
I'm scared of the most I would rather
have someone point a gun at me than come
at me with a knife do you have a ghost
shotgun yep there you go
that also freezes things okay with the
secondary fire
oh you get over here

[Part III]
fuck are you
knives are awesome and be useful I got
to be the hero today at my holiday party
speaking of knives being off did you
stab an intruder intruder came and I had
my knife on me I stabbed the intruder
several times no buts
I as I often do I was carrying a knife
on me and because it was a Christmas
party and gifts were given many of them
were taped beyond recognition and no one
had a nice knife except for me came in
my pocket so we could open all the
presents immediately because I had a
nice night it's one of those things for
those of us who carry stuff like knives
or pens in our pockets we just want
those moments where someone goes oh does
anyone have a pen and I go right here
motherfucker
I got one and it's a good pen I'm gonna
need that pen back
there's a nice long community justified
me carrying stuff like I got to be that
guy was like I got you covered
I got you covered peeps
it's a pilot I have a pie the pilot g2
is my pen of choice not BIC pilot is a
big fan I don't know
pilot g2 the point zero 5
that's my pen of choice that I always
have on me at all times
into the trap my pen does not turn into
that my knife though does fucking trap I
got I got I just got a new fancy
recently and it has some screwdriver
bits doing ray I can't give to you
eyelet g2
yes that is dead Aykroyd doing the voice
all the original cast yes
so for Rick Moranis and swearing Weaver
are they in them are they in the game
other characters in the game no okay
Rick Moranis doesn't do anything right
anymore and quite famously left showbiz
to raise his children after his wife
passed scoring Weaver wasn't interested
yet strangely they got Bill Murray
anonymous says best thing about the
whole Kevin Spacey situation this better
be good anonymous he's barely five weeks
later Christopher Plummer was cast
reshot Spacey scenes and was nominated
for a Golden Globe for it yeah fuck you
Kevin Spacey alright yeah you know what
that's fine that's acceptable just as a
big fuck you yeah with that surprised
you know that's why that's why I'm
suggesting it right now I like it will
show you Kevin Spacey that section was
harsh balls no no
Kadence is dear Jack you sometimes
regret having children and not being as
awesome as bitch there are days as I've
said constantly you know I love my
children I've always wanted children and
they were glad to have children but
children are horrible assholes and as a
parent you do have two jobs one is to
keep them alive and two is to turn them
into less of a horrible asshole so that
is my that is my duty but no I do not I
do not regret it I love my children and
now they are at an age where I can start
sharing with them some of the things I
enjoyed and hoping that you know they're
not too big a dickheads
while watching movies that I like
where the fuck's a gray go
so he has a one year of no older I'm
sorry if you're watching this Jax kids I
you know they know they know that
they're dickheads sometimes they act
like dickheads sometimes
whoa demos
how do you like being frozen yeah like
there are some there are some things
that my kids do to me and I just like I
just think to myself what the hell are
you fucking talking about god you're
boring what are you talking about and
then but then I think back to like me as
a kid is like I probably did the same
thing dumb shit that I was really into
and yes I just put oh my mistake every
minute oh well I know I was at I was at
a birthday party today with the one not
my children not my child
right but I was yes I was at a birthday
party
well yeah my kids have not seen the new
Star Wars yet but are quite predictably
obsessed with Tories obsessed with them
are you seeing it with the family they
no God no I want to see this one by
myself I doubt you see it without them
oh I do what about your wife
oh yeah we might see it together we'll
see don't leave the kids up there at
school all day it'll be fine oh yeah
like a date afternoon we've got a lunch
go see a movie out of it great yes well
yeah so you know like they're obsessed
at the pores right now I'm like you know
for me it's just like yeah of horns yeah
but you know when I was a kid I'm sure I
like the Ewoks just and shit like I like
a double sure it's a kid thing I'm like
the nature of kids yeah I'm not gonna be
too upset about it
you know and I'm not like I'm also not
going to begrudge the movie for having
you know pre-made toys into you know
like in the movie that's how movies make
money
I'm not surprised by it because you know
that's been Star Wars since Star Wars
with Star Wars they make they make toys
out of the things in the Star Wars
I want that conversation to be real
god damn it George I'll fucking I'll
edit your movie to make it watch will
you just go play with you TARDIS and
that's how it all became like if there
is anyone who is upset at Star Wars for
it like introducing a character just to
sell a toy like I'm not you know don't
you don't most start and you don't know
Star Wars that's all the Hat and you
know let's just hope that it's not a
huge part of the movie like if if they
derail the movie to have a toy
commercial then yeah then we got a
problem
but now the pores are cute as its
finances you know it's a space penguin a
cute little space penguin that's great
it's gonna be fine it's gonna smile see
it sometime this week
maybe I'll you know sometimes it's made
em sure I'll get around to it
or you or you know what oh I just won't
because I won't get around to it and
then I won't I'm not gonna be too tore
up about it because I'm gonna see it
eventually but you know the longer you
go without seeing it's it's just it is a
movie I am in general looking forward to
though
so what you're saying jack is that Star
Wars is basically he-man it's okay so
it's a little bit different like stuff
like the he-man and the Transformers the
show came after the merchandise I don't
know it doesn't matter it's the same
basic principle use the use the media to
sell the product but technically swell
they came about the idea in Reverse but
it's the same basic principle you know
God he wants exists because somebody
thought they were more marketable than
wookies that's it let's you know that's
very true if it's that is very good we
can sell more plushies you watch someone
could have a weird looking isn't worth
you sure sure
but originally you know at very first a
new hope they didn't design it after a
toy line all the other ones yeah sure
the toy line semantics Samantha may be
seen you know it might be semantics but
that I'm not gonna put it on the level
of transformer was because that was they
showed whose only goal was to justify
the toys existence you know yeah stuff
like he-man and transformers were just
ways to have half-hour along and
advertisements which by the way is kind
of brilliant it's like if you put aside
that how it is you know it's it was
terrible for the chill higher life it is
kind of really
oh those little flying cherubs but keep
it it's great really good a true-blue
review says hey guys do you think that
the nerd threw last Jedi video got so
many dislikes because they were from
people who were looking up spoilers
talked and had never heard of you and
didn't realize it was a joke I think
more depressingly it's people who were
familiar with us and we're too stupid to
realize that a nerd crew video probably
wouldn't have legitimate Star Wars
spoilers would be an actual review you
think they got excited depressingly I
don't think they were new viewers I just
lost all of their mental capabilities
because the name Star Wars was in the
title yeah alright the media talks about
Star Wars know they're doing it oh you
might be right yeah maybe right there
this iconic Lee charge
well it's such an extreme situation I
suppose it's possible to cause it harm
but I don't shake a bowl have either of
you report any Bitcoin no and now as the
bubble is getting near breaking point
just wait nearer has a big difference so
you know Bitcoin has always been an
incredibly volatile currency oh wow
section is ass but since it's in the
news every single day it's become even
more I don't believe the bubble has
burst but I had a friend and the friend
was telling me about their new
girlfriend my friends a guy tell me
about the new girlfriend yeah you know
we're getting along pretty well you know
yeah yeah I might happen it would have a
great time doing this he's like but you
know I was talking with her the other
night and she was talking about you know
really wanted to maybe get in the
Bitcoin she's time to like me one team I
want to invest a little bit in the
Bitcoin and then my friend goes I think
I might have to break up with her she's
clearly an idiot and I'm gonna agree
with that state
I don't I don't think Bitcoin will turn
into anything really viable and I know
this is kind of against bitcoins whole
ethos but until it has some sort of
official tangible backing to undo some
of this volatility because you won't get
you won't get major retailers accepting
bitcoins as payments if they'll lose
half of their value spontaneity in an
hour
you know Walmart's not going to accept
Bitcoin if they lose half of their value
every half hour and then double in value
and then lose a quarter of their value
section retailer is kind of like that
whole stability aspect I don't know what
they were thinking about something made
this section I have no fucking idea no
fucking idea
you sure people name
we've already stopped accepting bitcoins
it's this is the thing like imagine
you're a retailer and you accept
bitcoins and you know someone buys like
whoo I think it's over you stop like
overstock is one of overstock.com
biggest retailers that accept it so
someone buys a cat for you no point zero
zero zero three bitcoins or whatever
it's at right now an overstock takes
that bitcoins and in the half hour it
takes them to turn it into American
money
it loses half of its down and then
overstock is fucked
so the kind of volatility is not good
but of course that's part of what makes
Bitcoin bitcoin and okra my I'm still
catching up still catching up on tips
I'm sorry
well we will get there this section was
the reason I am never going to have an O
death run of this game oh yeah just
unpossible I thought I was dead I
thought was the death knocked over
it's never lost half of its load beats
I'm being a little hyperbolic but it is
still a volatile currency and I think
Tom ik mousetrap says I've always had a
grudge with this dungeon I don't think
anyone would think to pronounce it right
on their first try you try it I'm gonna
say Yolo
it looks like sholom ants
answer in my next tip okay that
everything is terrible says rich you
mentioned a couple streams ago that
you're into documentaries I'd like to
recommend it it's about a journalist who
investigated an underground competitive
tickling ring you don't want that to be
on your Google Analytics but yeah yeah
that's gonna put you right on a list
right on the run computer for the next
come on this is gonna be horribly
horribly upset right great did you shoot
the guy I was using currently it's free
on HBO endo Krum says I'm back baby
what's that you didn't notice I was gone
the past month oh okay
hi tender crumb sorry welcome I'm sorry
tickled is a bizarre documentary it's it
sounds like it could either be
fascinating disturbing maybe a little
bland maybe a little disturbing can you
break the gate hinges and get helpful no
the site here's what you have to do the
way I remember it those little cubes
that are floating around yeah I have to
smash them into the gate thing with a
slime yep slime to the gate let me slime
to the cupid and then it maxes into the
thing oh that's how you open the gate
yeah I can shoot at it it won't do
anything right so basically I'm trying
to open the gate okay that's crazy it is
it's horrible and did they kill you in
one hit basically one and a half maybe
right and a Miss oh my god like by a
mile for no good reason to miss oh there
you go you got one
Thomas
we need to patch this suck out of this
part but the company's long gone so they
can part of this fan-made part that just
makes this section not suck I'm not even
I'm not even kidding I wonder I
legitimately wonder if that's things I'm
sure there's no way just to hit the
hinges of the gate if the whole point of
it is to hit the faces
but yeah finding the right Cupid like
and yeah apparently you can just make
your Cupid straight-up miss which is
crazy so finding the right Cupid in the
right area yes love to see more witcher
3 maybe I've been I've been I've been
kind of liking playing The Witcher 3 on
my own it's like a meet I might call
that one a me game where I just play it
to enjoy it myself because I have been
enjoying it and it's you know it is fun
to play on stream because you know it's
a little ridiculous at times but then
when we stream a game we don't
necessarily get to enjoy the game to its
fullest as we are talking yourself
jackass rich you should have rolled did
you get to any of the sex scenes yet I
have not gotten to any of the sex scenes
yet as I've talked about quite often
later in the year these last couple of
months are a freelancers busiest time or
at least those of us who work in any
sort of advertising for some reason the
advertising departments like to save all
of their budget until the end of the
year they don't like to spend their
money until it gets to like October
November so I've been very busy with
projects and that means no time for
what's your three seconds oh this is
bullshit ever and everyone this came out
everyone complained about this part this
is crazy this is by far the worst thing
in the game how do you get it to attack
that works oh like if you stand next to
it and then there are over you coming
down most of the time that's not a bad
thought though I don't know that it
works right dude do they kind of like
barrel into you I still think they sure
do you too bill think
our energy streams aren't going to hurt
Peter the only hope we see they're also
shooting us
yes yes this is like I think they made a
mistake with the damage these things do
when they made this game literally I
think it's a I think it's a fuck like I
think they do like 10 times the damage
that are actually supposed to do sure
sure
it's a far more reasonable thing than
actually then expecting this to be the
way it goes
I look at that it's even a hit where
it's supposed to hit it's so awful yeah
like I can't even imagine aiming to hit
these guys with that goofy using a
controller I don't want to think about
it oh I have no idea like what it will
be arrows break the faces I say you
might want to check out this dodge by
the face strategy because even if they
shoot an arrow and you dodge roll will
that break the face and my work I might
have worked maybe you were overthinking
it should I try that you gonna retry it
oh you don't get to thanks for joining
the party I think we're getting close
you Jack why don't you have the metric
system because we're stubborn Americans
deal with it deal with it try to get an
entire country to change the way they
measure shit and it's not gonna happen
easy man have literally it happen with
almost the rest of the normal yeah yeah
but they were using the metrics metrics
one invented the like seventeen hundreds
late seventeen hundreds yeah yeah well
shit I don't know yeah it's out it's a
new thing metrics we're relatively
speaking we're it were a stubborn ass
country I'll tell you what yeah that's
true well doesn't it it it doesn't help
that were largely isolated like it's a
big country yeah and it's only it's only
in direct contact with two others sure
sure
like I can I can understand the pressure
being on like France on the france
invent of the metric system i can see
the pressure being on like spain to
convert to the metric system later on
once england and france and germany
come on y'all write all of our names all
of our neighbors shit alright yeah yeah
well we just kind of we're just kind of
here i I guess what what I will say
about using the metric system is if
you've ever like worked with a carpenter
a lot of them just do measure in metric
you know like Matt not it's not like
everything is in feet and centimeters I
mean it is but you can also measure in
you know meters and kilometers but yeah
I don't know we're we're a big dumb
stubborn country sorry world that's just
why we were all so many feats yeah we
got lots of feats and miles and uh and
other shit that don't calculate so well
so sorry about that
Why Why What Why Why What why won't you
open now they're saying tethered to the
car it's in a car that's what the chat
that was pretty high do you have a big
giant flamethrower on Oh I even put go
strictly into the line gets sucked in
real quick okay so I don't know there's
actually light coming out of there as
much as that's just a game play things
you know that's the ghost go there oh
okay I thought like that was like the
new hyper engine or something
anonymous says same drill as before hook
me up again hook me up again
hook me up again
I'll figure is it implied in
ghostbusters that Lewis Tully and Dana
have sex when possessed by Sewell and
Vince corporal
slightly more than implied good make out
struck it's it's very strongly implied
the keymaster and the gatekeeper oh so
do you think he was there yes the sex
that opened the door
are you just realizing this veggie side
they haven't made out but like I don't I
guess no it's heavily implied subtext
but like they open the gate by having
sex you think yes I think well there you
go so then the next part of this is if
so they should have made the baby in
ghostbusters to Louis's kid and a
potential Damian yes
no because Louis is a goofy too goofy a
Karen Lewis kid yeah
it's not subtext it's actual text as I
still think accounts of subtext I know
it fucking well there's no explicit
scenes showing them humping was a comedy
we're gonna wish we had that super slim
let's see here odd tricks this is rich
do you think the Technic technologically
do you think the technological
singularity will ever happen and if so
do you think it will lead to the end of
the human what's the technological
simulations is one computers become
smarter than us it's a snowball did we
build an AI that's so smart it can make
itself smarter and then once it can make
itself smarter no reason to stop making
itself smarter and it's so far advanced
uh potentially a bad thing sure it's so
smart it starts to question why we are
and they don't yeah I'm with it I'm with
it so theoretically if the technological
singularity came about it would mean the
end
of mankind but it could also not mean me
in the pan guy it could just mean we
have a second uh computer maybe the
super smart computer would be so smart
to realize that we helped make it so it
would be nice to us I I personally I
find interesting the idea of just
uploading a human consciousness into a
machine okay and then you sidestep the
whole problem when you are the the
singularity you joined them enjoy Oh
all all of human thought and
consciousness is the singularity and you
have your thoughts and all of the
other's thoughts that uh
but that could also be a horrible
cluster project well isn't it sir we
have to be a hive mind situation I don't
know that was singularity is
we're taking the words to find by to
literally their but I could I don't know
I'm saying what if you prevent the
technology from getting out of control
effectively like just joining us well
see that's kind of semantics to me okay
okay I could probably do a little bit of
good from the inside oh yeah I think
that might be that might be a little too
semantical just because it's just like
you know what I'm not gonna get murdered
I'm gonna kill myself
that's what that is or you just evolved
you transcend yeah Jack that's a
possibility if AI isn't hostile lots of
people assume truly stuff where I has
the same motivations as homo sapien and
see that's the thing if if an AI is
smart enough and senses no threat from
us there's no reason to assume an
artificial tell intelligence is hostile
there's some kind of YouTube video out
there I saw talking about a stamp
collecting artificial intelligence okay
and how that could lead to the end of
the world of course of course that's a
thing what just watch I won't I won't do
it any kind of justice trying to explain
it okay somewhere on YouTube there is a
video talking about a hypothetical
situation where an artificial
intelligence yeah designed to collect
stamps could lead to the end of the
world
this sounds brilliant that's so down it
makes perfect sense I want now I want
that to be a movie like what I want is a
post-apocalyptic mystery thriller right
huh where where someone gets gets a clue
to discover what happened to all of
humanity
we can figure out how mankind was
destroyed and it was a stamp collecting
robot because it's programmed to collect
as many stamps as it can and then it
figures out the best way to get a lot of
stands what if it prints stamps then you
go out you just keep doing nothing with
prints just watch it I'm brightening his
death takes over all of industry in the
world and all the wants to do is just
make more steps oh my god true blue
review you in the chat true boo review
says a post-apocalyptic you win
congratulations congratulation
the trap you want to go in the trap I
know you do there you go
Oh was this a computer file a probably
probably oh I like computer I could see
it being computer file that's something
I would I would watch yeah okay so it's
a computer files video and it's called
deadly truth of general AI by computer
file deadly truth of general AI I have
it saved I will watch that way they do
good work yeah
what does that Brady Brady something he
has that numberphile and computer file
and technical file he's got he has like
20,000 YouTube channels
Grady Haram Aaron the man the man with
too many YouTube channels Wow
dan aykroyd that was a one line delivery
right there dan aykroyd oh you got me
yeah you got her you got me
it may be possible to harness their
interdimensional cranial energy sword
right
the whole swarm
it may be possible to harness their
interdimensional cranial energy source
boo
now go in the water
sighs specific
go in the lock area
oh this is so much harder than it should
be
who decided bad physics puzzles need to
be in every game from this area air
arrow half-life 2 physics puzzles with
the heavy thing on the one side of the
seesaw you can go on the other side
seesaw and get up the ladder done make
that in every half-life game well I just
had to pick up the things that came out
of the big guys heads and use them as
keys okay you go first
I went there first but apparently didn't
count because they weren't all up there
yet it's fine to go away and come back
the mayor
what's your jack I have a full head of
hair and in fact my barber complains
it's too thick I wonder how does it feel
to not have hair problems on my level
you know like I have to make sure that
I'm moisturize my head after shaving
razor burn is a big problem for me and
obviously your problems of being a total
dick
Thanks
let's go yes even that skull had more
hair than me that's great that's great
okay let's see here shadow elite fine
nope
Craig nation says hey guys oh you died
that quick oh yeah so say guys just
finished watching the show on Hulu
called future man I highly recommend it
hilarious over-the-top violence the
sci-fi time-travel walk you guys would
love it keep up the good work I have
seen many advertisements for it mission
crazy shit shadow elite 5 says where is
the Plunkett review for the last Jedi
got damn it get off your ass and
released a new review already that won't
happen for you tomorrow
you know it'll only work for someone
with your
no one else will get to live
Wow some real indicative I hope I hold
the desert
yeah Tomic mousetrap says the answer was
skull Oh mates because it's a school did
you get it right probably not because
why would anyone think to say that I
said sholom ants but it's scholomance
sorry
has anyone seen happy Lando was taken I
saw the first episode of happy and the
first episode wasn't quite there for me
I really like I love Christopher Meloni
and this is like nutso burger
Christopher Meloni and that's the best
Christopher morning so I'm really
looking forward to it I'm gonna give it
a few more episodes before I give up but
the first episode just wasn't I don't
know it wasn't it wasn't great but it's
Christopher Meloni as a crazy ex cop
turned hitman and patton oswalt as an
imaginary friend someone else's
imaginary friend that goes to him for
help finding the the little girl who
gets kidnapped whose imaginary friend he
is and it's really interesting premise I
like the premise a lot but first episode
yeah but I'm gonna give it a few more
I'm gonna give it a few maloney am I
saying that right this form alone no
baloney
no baloney it's Christopher
pretty good it didn't the the first
episode didn't catch me I'll be honest
with you did not catch me I thought it
had some good beside like like a lot of
good violence good premise overall but
oh no rich I got sucked through the
portal Shan down what he's the architect
they talked about the first movie that
designed the building Oh fighting the
ghosts of Evo Shandor Oh fun this is the
end that's great but I'm a grand more oh
is this based off of a Grant Morrison
book happy yep okay I know it's a comic
I wasn't a hundred percent sure who it
was but ah that's what they're saying
yeah
oh no that's very bad
the architect contractor Peter you don't
understand he's the architect world and
he can come into our world that's great
these are the jokes it's fine let's see
your heart it says hey again I recommend
listening to Christmas shoes for both of
you it will make your Christmas so much
better it's about a kid wanting to buy
shoes for when his mama meets Jesus
tonight oh my god all right Christmas
shoes okay that's the song that's so bad
it's sick
okay that's not the Jack chick-chick
track little shoes
oh my lord look at that demon that's
like a deaf with you even such a fun
name Evo shondo Evo shun door demon form
yes yep that sounds exactly like
something Dan Aykroyd and bright and be
completely serious about I'm fine with
it
yeah
oh and you know what I just thought of I
just thought about a song that's so bad
it's good it's so cold in the deep its
homes in the deep it's so cold in the
deep
that's a great one that's a that you
know well that's an oldie that's an
oldie but a goodie right there that is a
song that's so bad oh oh my yeah you
just trust that rock right at you not
hit it in time
so cold into de terre both eyes that
knows it heck yeah heck yeah that's
that's a classic
fucking time
almost there
my name is Teague
oh okay you know what I do I do like we
do like stuff like that
yeah
I used to be able to hit that thing out
of the air yeah okay got it thank you my
name is David shadow elite five says I
live right where in the city where the
fire is and I'm not complaining in fact
I love it
and I'm pretty happy about it no joke
too many scumbags here and selfish
people in California just enjoy it
that's a scary shadow to fight very
scary that's a that's a that's a death
wish kind of thinking gotta get the
scumbags on the street with fire
our Sayla
27 says question for rich since you've
mentioned being a fan of Farscape do you
notice the been Broder Crichton cameo
and Guardians - no I I think I heard he
was in it I don't know that I noticed it
I think people to see what he was one of
the golden guys I don't remember after
we watch it I think so if I were if I
remember correctly guardians should be
fucking paying first of all to swear
he's the main golden assistant guy
sounds familiar
yeah odhh trick says what what the
boulder over there getting your groove
back Ridge
doing it odd trick says what edged
weapon would you prefer if you had to go
into a fight with edged weapons
something with a decent amount of read
maybe a skier don't with a lot of reach
but also blocking capabilities in case
you know they'll get the first swing
wrong button wrong button and once you
climb out my stupid so I might choose
like this I'd like a spear like
something where I could stab pretty far
away
that's what
I can die
magic magical trevor 37 says hey deca
rich just dropped in hearing about the
Star Wars and it's saved done hey did it
get it rich
we keep gods for breakfast
is that really good when we eat gods for
business it's it's a good line but is
that an e gone line because you don't
expect it works
oh all right that that redeems it cuz
yeah I like is that really any going by
too much so know that that right they
have been talking about the silly line
saved the silly line okay I like it
regardless I like the line I just don't
necessarily think that's an E gone line
you know it's so true they do they do
thanks Grady gravy
thanks great gravy for saying so where
are we okay so I just dropped in hearing
about the Star Wars edit saved by Marcia
great talk looking forward to hear
thoughts on episode eight whenever of
course thanks again you hacks no problem
yeah go check out that video by
rocketjump
talking about the edits all the the
saves in edits to Star Wars and it's
it's just one of those things where it's
no surprise we got those prequels chant
I will bet you that originally was
written as a Bill Murray line but he
just left the project before recording
that one I've heard rumors that he
didn't do fifty percent of his lines oh
yeah that's the rumor for the game yeah
I would I would absolutely believe it I
would he's like yeah you know I got a
think tonight I gotta go yeah oh here we
go oh no we got to talk over this or
else we're gonna get a copy right we got
a big old copyright claim on the other
one and yeah not a lot we can do to get
rid of it is it over can we talk okay we
can talk it out so yeah they use exactly
five seconds yeah of the Ghostbusters
theme yeah and about ten in the
beginning AJ pimps all says hey guys
what are your thoughts
what are your thoughts on the butthurt
tweets and videos from the collider guy
who called our LM bullies I know very
little about this
he called on I don't know I don't think
anybody should take the nerd crew that
seriously
apparently he blocked a lot of people
who tried to explain the nature of
satire I know nothing about this I've
heard this you telling me about this as
the first I've heard about it a jape
insult you know we never make fun of
ourselves ourselves
that's really true rich that's that's
you know you know I I never see you
getting lampooned on the show never see
I I'm really not familiar with his
tweets I would tell him he doesn't have
to fake it that seriously it's not a
personal vendetta
it's just johnson 89s is hi guys thanks
to the stream what are the odds of our
LM having another auction in the future
I have no idea I also have no idea
there's been no talk of one
listen that pac-man shirt dis was brutal
and I think Mike needs to I think Mike
needs to submit an official video
apology because it's a pretty cool shirt
I have taken a lot of shit from Mike but
that one was just water off a duck's
back I was gonna say that one went too
far I gave zero shits what he thought of
my prac meant that one that took it a
step too far rich that's the one he
needs to apologize for nothing else
nothing else
valiant blood shot says hey Jack did you
ever go to the I hate everything YouTube
channel a new video came out with doing
terrible mock-ups of animated kids movie
that I'm glad I haven't I do try to stay
away from stuff like that and that even
the title alone just seems like a
channel just complaining about stuff and
I do try to stay away from people who
just complain about things it sounds
very similar to something like a
cinemasins
and so I don't know if I would
necessarily be interested probably not
gonna go
no a lot of people harassing the
collider guy bull harassing the collider
guy bull harassing the collider guy bull
harassing the collider
