Aug 16, 2017
Hollow Knight, 20XX
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/171028720
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/171041791
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dIG02v6zhQw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Le4LuOJXxGw
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/897903978171645953

[Part I]
we have a stream maybe ever trying to
sound down on the TV oh we should
probably turn the sound down in stream
oh yeah that's quite loud that's quite
loud hey everybody
hello and whatnot welcome everybody to
the stream everybody everybody
oh yeah everybody I'll be honest with
you this might just be a generational
difference between you and me haven't
you ever seen it yeah that's fine Blues
Brothers
yeah of course okay but you said
everybody and I immediately went to yeah
rock your body yeah everybody rock your
body right you know the next part back
streets back alright boom don't oh no I
don't even know what you're doing I'm
gonna do it little heed honest oh my god
what back again it's a Backstreet Boys
song this is a song that the the the the
2000 something boy band the Backstreet
Boys sang this is not a generational
thing because men your age don't know
that song it's definitely there at that
back report the back shirt when I was in
high school the Backstreet Boys were
huge rich fuckin everywhere everywhere
with the chicks with all of the girls at
the school nothing wrong there's nothing
there's nothing wrong with Mike there's
nothing wrong with liking harmonizing
vocals and a dancing beat there's
nothing wrong with that
they ever tell you about the prank that
I played on Lisa when we were in high
school
no involving boy bands no no like
obviously I'm not a huge boy band fan
right
in high school I was into the punkin ska
scenes as was my at the time girlfriend
Lisa and we had this little thing where
we would occasionally play pranks on
each other yeah and if she had got me
with a decent prank my mom had this
ceramic pig that looked evil it was this
giant ceramic pig that looked evil and
every time Lisa came over to my house
she would move the ceramic it somewhere
where I wish she knew I would see it
like she'd put it in my closet so I put
on that closet it was terrible right
so she did one like that and it creeped
me out I hated that Cermak pig so I had
a radio alarm clock it was a CD alarm
clock and you could wake up to any song
you wanted yeah i rewired the speaker on
it and I added speaker cable to make the
speaker extra long hid the alarm clock
under her bed put the speaker directly
underneath her pillow like I'm in her
sheets yeah underneath her pillow so she
couldn't see it and made and I cleared
this with her parents first and then I
made it Blair
NSYNC song at like 1:00 in the morning
she came to school the next day and was
livid everyone knows Backstreet Boys
that's just a thing that people know
rich
cruel cruel and unusual bye it was bye
bye bye bye bye bye
pick a second round the fire ran it was
a good person to move and you ain't no
lie baby bye bye bye
beach boys are better beach boys are
great everybody likes the Beach Boys
Jack no IPA tonight no no IPA tonight
Jack's been feeling a little a little
awful and fat lately I have I have
finally hit my tipping point on the I've
been really lacks with the guy yeah over
the years I just get lacks relaxer and
eventually I got so likes I just said
well let's just see what happens if I
don't dye it for a month and I balloon
rich I'm sorry you should be you should
be sorry so I've ballooned and so I am
I've decided to go hardcore back on the
diet until Christmas I'm gonna I'm gonna
give it a solid four months just to get
back on track because uh good luck good
luck good luck I'll be hard to make it
through the holidays and I'm cheating on
a diet so you know you got to do it
before the holidays well that's why I
want to do it before Christmas it was
like you know then it's it's all over
button and Thanksgiving I can get
through and no Chad neither of us have
played Hollow tonight we have not right
but Thanksgiving at you know what I'm
not doing Thanksgiving this year I'm
going out of town for Thanksgiving this
year and we're not we're not having a
Thanksgiving dinner this year
what are you doing EFT um we are going
to Los Angeles yeah we are good we're
gonna head to Universal Studios okay
Thanksgiving which is awesome I know
like I've never been to Universal
Studios and presumably you will have
dinner on Thanksgiving Day some dinner
sure but not you know I think
technically that is Thanksgiving Day
sure you would have to fast that day
yeah they do have great food in Los
Angeles and I will have to be very good
when I go to Los Angeles because
said I was going to be good that's
pretty adorable okay get him some beat
if he hit him from the behind can you
come down here now
oh or just hit him a couple times hit
him two times
a little floaty the the jumping controls
I'm sorry it's horrible basically what
I'm saying is I don't know why you
didn't kill that other thing
there's a thing walking around down
there another one of those things you
didn't kill it you could have gotten one
of those thingamajigs from it like I
came up here collect Souls give me two
things souls are like flowers right it
look like flowers rich your soul as a
flower has anyone ever told you that no
it's not your soul is a flower that's
you know what that sounds like that
sounds like a John Denver song going out
to mountains your soul is power you're
getting more beautiful hour by hour oh
baby your soul is a flower oh you can
cook grass I hear my John Denver
impersonation yes
Rocky Mountain ah oh that's awful he
died in a plane crash yes I know he hit
a mountain
I ignore it's really horrible a horrible
thing to say the very horrible yes too
soon maybe
Oh God that made Karen laughs
hysterically and she loves John Denver I
get maybe maybe I have I have no I have
no particular fondness for John Denver
so like to me he's just making fun of a
dead man died idiot what a dummy you're
not gonna hit that giant well I'm
waiting thing I'm looking around first
okay so you use some of your soul soul
gutes of to heal okay it's probably
better to level up with it that was I
don't know if I can level up with it Oh
fun that's very very Isaac you get the
extra blue hearts I'm with it what Oh
oh this is gonna be our first our first
thing because I can jump out of here
right all right so this is gonna be the
first zone where we we have to like earn
something what something under there all
better right
can you double jump for anything no not
yet I'm assuming this is where we get
the double jump ability and that's
what's gonna get us out of here that's a
fair assessment I think or maybe not
maybe we'll just have to come back I
like the look of them of your little
hollow night man yeah he's cute I don't
I don't see what this has over dead
cells so far no no this is this is
atmosphere this is just you know enjoy
the ride dead dead cells is about you
know precision time this is so well so
far this is just enjoy the atmosphere
love I love dead cells but dead cells is
about getting as many strength upgrades
as quickly as you possibly can that's
what dead cells is mad but I enjoy him
should play Ori and the blind forest I
thought that was a dull fucking
platformer we did beautiful it was
beautiful in the colors Oh beautiful
well animate his dolls fuckin I was
gonna say we did play that and we were
bored to tears Jack how do you like Game
of Thrones so far this season has been
alright and as this season has been
alright last time everything's like
everything this season because they're
wrapping up the stories are actually
moving forward and I dig that it's not
worth to watch the whole series like
this last episode of Game of Thrones no
no no no spoilers this last episode of
Game of Thrones a character came back
into the fold who hasn't been around
since season one yeah and like they
didn't like even give us a previously on
they're just like ah this guy remember
this like this guy's back in it I mean
like Lisa and I had to pause it to like
look up who this guy was like who the
fuck is this guy oh seven
years ago he was on the show you don't
like the show right I do not like and
you're watching it Lisa likes it okay
well at least I read the books and likes
the books and yeah Lisa likes the show
and hey so it's the thing we watched
together because she liking it since its
diverged from RR Martin's books yes yes
yes oh oh he's adorable
Phil disappeared headed down that well
one by one and two cabins below are we
going to play the 2d sonic when it comes
out on pc i have no interest
I don't not especially nostalgic for
Sonic no probably not
I know it just came out on the switch so
everybody's everybody's creaming their
genes over the new Sonic
I have OBS him I got my soul hearts went
away after arrested gosh dang it oh oh
shit that's not what I thought that was
so we're here
stone door with a simple lock okay the
blue prism says Weaver's oh hey rich I'm
sorry if you already got asked this
question what do you think of the
ducktales premier I was able to catch it
right when it came out at 11 p.m. last
Friday that was fine it's good see more
before I make a judgement on the series
hey you're okay with episode 1
my horrible if I think I think the
original did a better job it actually
which is world-building Duckburg had a
character in the original series I I
think that might be a silly statement
but okay barely spent any time there on
this one Jack well you know go back the
worst how about this where's where's the
build up
where's the build up but just oh yeah I
know where Atlantis's let's go there
rich go there's the build up go to
Episode one of the original duck tales
and see how much of a world building
they did I thought it was fun
we're talking reporters there was a city
miscellaneous dialogue just in the
background other people it felt it felt
more epic the original duck tales it
felt more epic alright
I mean I'm not I'm not a I'm not the
duck tales aficionado that you are so
I'm gonna have to I guess I'm just gonna
have to you know default to your opinion
here it's only been one F rich I said
the exact same thing before we started
talking about this hey oh sorry we'll
see we'll see
there's gotta be a double-jump around
here somewhere
how did uh how did the doctor do as
Scrooge that's more just my not being
used to it I think sure it's been Alan
Ladd jr. like my entire life okay okay
obviously it couldn't be him now because
he's dead I get it I get it yeah they
needed to move on if they were going to
do this again they need to move on from
the dead guy right Alan Young not Alan
Ladd yeah
Alan Young the mr. ed guy scrooge mcduck
was voiced by the main character and mr.
ed who wasn't a horse oh really yeah
did I like David I I am getting used to
David Tennant as Scrooge made it okay
but when you've been hearing one
person's voice for a character your
entire life
absolutely it's it's weird when it's
suddenly different absolutely take a
little getting used to that's what I'm
most worried about with the new tick
that's coming out soon yeah it's like
you know it's been Townsend Coleman
forever
and even though putty you know they did
they tried to do the live-action one and
putty was the takin is like he has great
voice but it's not Townsend Coleman and
or Coleman you know as weird names and
Peter Serafinowicz is hilarious he got
to be a great tick but it won't be the
same as the voice actor Patrick
Warburton Patrick Warburton putty right
or Brock Samson as far as I'm concerned
Brock Samson The Venture Brothers he's
Brock Samson oh okay
he was putty first quarter puss says hey
guys had a bad day one of my kids got
one shot pike ice Lance and turned
Undead also got spoilers had a game of
Thrones thing that sounds like a dare
you know spoilers are tough because you
never even know what's gonna be a
spoiler I don't I don't watch Game of
Thrones so I don't want to stop reading
that halfway through if I had any
inkling mods if if that is in fact a
game of Thrones spoiler you can you had
actually been quater puss you can do
that for a couple hours yeah if he's if
he's given legit Game of Thrones
spoilers that was that wasn't okay up
here so here's some here's some Game of
Thrones news yeah that's no spoiler from
the last episode I so okay but
apparently HBO has been having a problem
with hackers taking their shit and
they've been actually like taking
episodes before they ain't right right
and so that might be a spoiler from the
episode of next Sunday that has an aired
yet oh wow yeah Nathan B film says hey
guys hope you're doing well what I'm
wondering is will you guys play other
games tonight
like like f 13 or even shutters pub G
probably nope no pub G tonight just
because if we're gonna do it again I'd
like rich and I to play again which
would which would mean I'd like to bring
in my computer again what if this is the
dullest thing ever this game yeah so far
so far alright well I last stream Friday
the 13th wasn't so exciting either now
wasn't that's why I want it in you know
that's why I wanted to change it up yep
we had some fun with pub G playing with
a group but I'd like you and I to play
again if we're gonna if we're gonna do
that all right all right um
this is oh oh we're here oh okay so far
this ain't doing a lot for me but you
know we're gonna see we're gonna see how
she goes we're gonna see how she happens
gehlbach says hey guys it's me go back I
go back yes rich you pronounced it right
last time which is Gil Bok Gil Bok Gil
Bok again I really appreciate your guys
work and hope you all have a great day
I want to be on the panel dammit but
like the the the best of the worst panel
that's probably not what it means
probably not gonna happen
hmm get it together man oh wait whoa
look at that thing there we go oh man
shit can you get over it
probably wasn't ready for that fight yet
yeah
this game looks good but I hate the
stupid binding of issac art style this
is a binding of issac art style maybe I
don't know card style do you like this
is a I guess it's simple it's a simple
art style I wouldn't necessarily call it
binding of issac style but like look at
the backgrounds of this this is this
baguette these backgrounds are super
detailed man
anonymous sis rich rich do you remember
when you guys played Sonic and Jack hit
the platform before you did and he fell
to your death remember what you said
we'd like more of that that was three
years ago and I legitimately don't
remember what I said I hit the platform
before you did what I don't remember
this Oh
tails you dumb motherfucker oh by the
way I think this is a little Dark Souls
II okay don't go there that's where the
big guy is I think this is a little Dark
Souls II where the enemies don't respond
unless you die and then they all respawn
don't if something there's a way to
spend your souls yeah at least this
isn't roguelike yeah that would probably
be exciting it would be terrible if you
know it was interesting the attention of
your one life mattering
yeah that's horrible shutdown
motherfucker oh I'll just die and die
over and over again this doesn't matter
cyber cyber noodles cyber noodles how
did you go with kaizo mario jack did you
get very far
what kaizo mario i was in another stream
and I was asking somebody who was
playing a mother I'm Mario romhack that
held the hard Mario rahama x2 calm kaizo
mario this is it good and I was asking
well what's the easiest one because it
was kind of curious about trying one of
these out yeah they probably thought I
was you okay and the answer would be I
haven't tried yet that was like the
other day okay so this is this is the
Metroid this is the Metroid eveything so
you go here and there's there's uh
there's this and you can't get past it
but you know you there's a way to get
past it mm-hmm so I get a map
to get a map that's my question written
your opinion how is the one life matters
dynamic fun and rogue lights yet not fun
in pub gee that was the one thing I
listed as a fucking positive and babji
clean your fucking years out there was
that whole little segment about how
about how rich was like well at least
it's not the call of duty and by the way
a really fun little metaphor there it's
like it's not like call of duty where
you're a chicken in it in a factory farm
yeah you're one life matters that was
though that was like the really positive
notion from rich get it together people
get it get it right together
Oh
Jack trust good Jack tramp strats so
steps tricks
hi rich Jack from Iowa and the wife and
I love everything rlm saw Jay Mike
actually uploaded half in the bag
not at stream time for once for you both
what has been your funniest rlm creation
experience I am I've been making videos
with Mike since I was in high school I I
don't know that finding that one best
moment is really such an easy thing
yeah you're rich I liked making the the
matches that spelled out fuck you that
was very funny I mean I guess I guess I
laughed harder than ever ever have in my
entire life during the whole Resident
Evil marathon up all right that's pretty
good
the that Christmas episode of best of
the worst with Mexican Santa Claus it's
a good one there's a good one that's a
elves yep Mexican Santa Claus and that
was a fine night in Christmas vacation -
that was a fine night that was an
absolutely fine name
and a little crying worm up there maybe
there's something I can do with that
little crying one make him not cry I
don't think I can reach that
I can't reach that crying room yet
did you ever get a response from Warner
Brothers over the Christmas vacation
- you mailed them yeah sadly I believe
it was just a return to sender oh yeah
yeah well we did we marked it in care of
the director right so you know who
whatever in Turner whoever was in charge
of that said fuck this I'm not dealing
with right so it was nothing exciting
unfortunately
crocodile brain says dice guys how much
to get you to play death road to Canada
pixel art hack added a pixel art hack
and slash multiplayer organ trail style
roguelike to reals play this game keep
up the good work I might have it I'll be
honest with you I might have that game
it's just one of those things where exam
might be on the lists I think I own it
it's trying to give rich chance to
explain why pub G doesn't work yet why
roguelikes do terribly different fucking
things well and a roguelike is is part
of a genre like you can't compare pub G
to The Binding of Isaac there - you know
I they are they are - roguelike is not a
complete genre I wasn't aware that risk
of rain was a first person shooter
online multiplayer deathmatch this is
news to me well like if you can compare
pub G to something like crypt of the
necrodancer I think you could see
similarities in your you were giving me
a chance to explain something that was
really stupid and made no sense
I like that God sniff them thank you for
giving me that chance why why do you
like FIFA 2017 and not pub G cuz they're
different games man oh shit oh shit
crypt of the necrodancer needs far more
multiplayer and teabagging various Kirk
look I don't I don't like pub G because
I don't enjoy multiplayer shooter combat
much yeah I don't enjoy that a second
and it's over and it's not for me right
it's largely about who gets the drop on
who that's that's not how crypt of the
necrodancer plays yeah pub G is all
about making you the player feel very
weak and you know it's over in an
instance and I it's completely
understandable why someone wouldn't like
that game do you think you would like
playing squad in pub G more I said that
during the review you sure did
you sure did but I gaming is something I
do to just relax on my own if I if I
need to work out a bunch of people's
schedules to get the group together in
order to enjoying it's not something I
want to do in my free time you don't
want to schedule like an event you're
gaming it stuff that's true like I just
want to put on the game play a little
bit right right
I can I can jump on a Friday the 13th
match with with anybody I don't think I
could do that in pub G with a squad and
get anything out of it mmm with
strangers I can't see that working
mm-hmm
we would need too much coordination
agreed and to do that what with three
strangers two of them probably don't
have Mike
kiddies
okay I did it I got a map when you hit
40 or so generally the lives of your
front of your friends generally don't
revolve around multiplayer gaming you
know but here's the thing until until I
I got to know you
yeah none of my friends were gamers
right right
none of them Mike thinks gaming is like
the the anti productivity devil I don't
you know what kind of is yes j-just your
no interest yeah gaming is the anti
productivity devil literally gaming
rewards you for not getting work done
and it gives you it gives you like fake
rewards right it rewards you with fake
rewards I still like it
Mike was a gamer in the roleplay since
though in high school yes but he'd never
played video games like maybe outside of
he might have played like a Nintendo
game once everybody played a Nintendo
game at least once he was briefly into
Starfleet Academy
okay on the PC and then he stopped cold
once he realized he wasn't getting other
shit done okay bye
my friend
hey where am I
look when most people would have been
playing around with an NES or a Super
Nintendo instead of instead of his
parents getting him a Super Nintendo
they were hurt when his parents got him
a camera and that changed Mike's life
huh so everybody be very grateful that
Mike is not a game right if if Mike was
a gamer he wouldn't be making all the
things
where am I
I don't bring em in here this ticket
gave me a map so for me gaming has
absolutely never been a social thing
because nobody I knew was it all
interested my entire life right
ah yeah you know you know it's just one
of those things guys I know it's night
it's nice when you know the people you
enjoy listening to also enjoy the things
that you enjoy but she's not going to
happen
oh shit
thank you bug thing
fuck you bug thing dammit
fuck you bug thing have you ever had an
idea for a video game it's a question in
the chat yeah Jack have you ever had an
idea for a video game I have several
ideas for video yeah I've great ideas
for video games game things that'll make
great video games I also have no idea
how to make a video game so I have had
one yeah and it's a strange one for me
to have because I am we just talked
about this I'm not a I'm not a
multiplayer gamer yeah
nonetheless I still had what I thought
was a good idea for one okay you you can
you you converge you mix up multiplayer
deathmatch with kind of Legos like you
would have just a list of parts and you
would build your own robot kind of kind
of like like LEGO pieces okay like yeah
insert this kind of wheels or treads or
maybe you're gonna try and build legs
okay what kind of weapon would you want
to attach you have some kind of like a
limited amount you could spend on parts
okay and then you take that robot and
you use it a deathmatch that was my idea
for a game interesting and how do you
get the parts how do you get the money
you would you would like this level of
you'd have like different levels like a
cheap match like a best provide you gets
spend for a hundred credits like we're a
thousand credits is the fact you can
build a fancier robot but everyone
everyone gets that 1000 credits to spend
before that match okay that was my idea
for again interesting
and if something like that exists my
response to that is did it exist 20
years ago when I first had the idea of
course it did rich it existed and it
existed better than your idea existed
way better than your idea man I think
I've talked about my video game idea
like I wanna I wanted to make a
dispatcher game a game where and I
noticed stuff like this does exist but
not exactly how I want to do it I wanted
to make a game in which you were in
charge you were a dispatcher and you
were in charge of a group of couriers
and you needed to plan the route for
them and saying you know tell which
courier to go where in the map and you
have to keep your couriers happy like
you needed to give them enough jobs to
keep working for you yeah but if you
overwork them they wouldn't do it and
then if you overworked if you try to
like book too many jobs for them the
people who would get their packages
would get them later and so you had to
like manage your your drivers your
packages and whatnot who's it and it'd
be one of it would be a fun little
resource management job
a courier simulator and I know there are
things like that
but I'd like to put an emphasis on like
randomly generated personality traits of
your drivers you know like this driver
is really fast but he gets angry with
you often right you know this this
driver is super reliable but you can't
give him but he hasn't really something
he has a motorcycle so he can't carry
too many packages but it's really
reliable and so then you know oh I can
take this driver who I know and map them
over this way and I can take this driver
oh this driver is up here I just got a
package going from this to this right
this sounds like a fucking horrible game
it's not a horrible game it's not a
horrible game because this is what I
used to do as a job I was I was a
short-term logistics dispatcher for a
company that did this very thing and
that was my job was figuring out which
driver had to go where
what packages and maybe you'd have like
daily package like okay I know no matter
what every day I'm gonna get a package
that goes from north to south right
somebody saying motorcycle guy can get
through traffic jams oh right right and
then you have like maybe like regular
customers that you need to like map
around and if you if you lose your
customers so that's what I used to do
every day and it was the greatest part
of my job there was just like figuring
out where people would go you got this
oh you could pick this up on your way
woo yeah oh I got my one guy who comes
from up north every day and if I don't
give him enough jobs he just won't come
down and work for me but I need him to
come down today so I'm gonna save this
job for later this job is gonna be 15
minutes late but if I have it 15 minutes
late I can save it for this guy the the
amount of situations that came up call
it short-term logistics dispatcher the
kids'll love it right it's it's far more
fun I'm not doing a very good job
pitching it but I to me that's that's a
game I wanted to make I also have an
idea for a little side-scrolling brawler
that where you're an umbrella fighter
you can choose between different
umbrellas with an emphasis on fighting
and blocking okay okay haven't you
always done that when you were kids like
you like have you ever had those
umbrellas that like click open yeah
and so then you know like you have the
short one which is really fast but weak
you can click it open for longer
stronger strokes or you could open it
completely to block damage I call it
umbrella fighter I call it I call it
it's raining outside hmm but I don't
know how to make a game so these will
never happen unless you want to talk to
me and I'll write you I'll write you a
game
gehlbach says if i do well in acting /
film i'll max landis it and have the
studio fly me over if not then I'll have
my own panel with hookers and friends I
don't have go back out Wow good luck on
the hookers man good luck on the friends
oh good luck on the friends
Kalibak I suppose hookers pretty easy to
come by
Touche we use pay them that's right
that's that's super easy um oh uh nun
brawler that was a nice name nice nice
the Ayatollah of rock and roll assist
hey guys hi before there was Blockbuster
Video there were small neighborhood VHS
rentals stores
totally as a kid I saw space hunter
Highlander and Mad Max that way did you
have a local store growing up many of
note lengths they're like eight of them
around me yes movie mania
you were very lucky no I did not have a
local video store but I you know you
lived you lived in a city and I was the
country round suburb but yeah yeah in a
suburb of a large city yeah I was the
country mouse so we did not know we
didn't get a video store until oh wait
later we got a blockbuster Black was
just such a ripoff they charge like two
or three times as much as those local
mom-and-pop videos oh I believe it that
but that's all we had
we were we were happy to have a
blockbuster cuz that's all we had my
weekend was after school go to the movie
mania and rent a couple games for like a
couple bucks
I mean yeah I was I was really happy to
get the blockbuster cuz that's all
that's all we had and then finally I
could I could watch the the fun movies
on VHS the elk 801 says hey Jack
I'm the Candyland guy acknowledged me
yes okay you know what's an awful board
game is fucking Candyland
Candyland is the Horrors board game and
I was playing Candyland with my kids the
other day earlier today and it got me
thinking of just how much I hated
Candyland well what's the what's the
candy where's the Candyland guy what
we're getting we're getting there that's
the setup as I fucking hate Candyland I
was playing Candyland earlier today yeah
and so as I'm playing Candyland like you
know how Canyonlands works for anyone
who doesn't know they're there are never
played it there okay so you know there's
there's a path to take with different
colored blocks it's just you roll the
dice and you get to the end right no you
just pick up a card and then the card
has a color on it and you move to that
next color and then sometimes there's
also areas we can get a card that will
teleport you to an area it sounds like a
lame game it's super lame but you know
what it's it's like an early kids game
and so what I figured out is there is a
world in which you can beat Candyland
yeah three cards okay
if you teleport to chocolate mountain
first if you're the first card you get a
chocolate Mouse yeah then you get a
double red space cards to go red red and
then another red you win the game and so
what I was doing is some math wrench
yeah so the first card you need is
chocolate mountain and there are 66
cards in Candyland and so that is a one
in 66 chance of getting chocolate
Mountain yeah that you know brakes
sounded like one point five one five
percent okay what I found out then the
second card that you need is either a
red or a double red so there are eight
red cards and two double red cards
that's ten out of now 64 yeah when the
odds break down to something and then
you need another red card yeah so then
it's 9 out of 38 cards because yeah I'm
assuming you're having a 4 player game
it's everyone that likely because that
travel amount in one that 160 something
that's there's long odds
oh well basically I want to say at the
end of the day like III asked I was like
it does anyone know how to do math and
break down what the total amount of odds
is yeah and it turned out to be like a
one in 7700 chance yeah that you could
beat the game in 3 and so we were just
doing a little Candyland math on Twitter
and I thought it was pretty funny see
when I was a kid I wasn't candalyn I
never played them
chutes and ladders sure or maybe Hungry
Hungry Hippos yeah yeah I like Hungry
Hungry Hippos I'm okay with that yeah we
had like some of the client like cooties
your play cooties or break the ice
yes Jeff this is a fidget spinner is it
shocking that I would own the fidgets
spinner no rich is a fidgeter when I
fidget constantly rich is a fidgeter
there ain't nothing wrong we're rich is
gonna do some sick fidget spinner tricks
now he's some bitch oh oh
he disappeared oh well he glitched off
of the map it was one and oh yeah well
because it's a one in 4,800 chance of
winning in three in three cards and like
you know there's a lot of complicated
math involved yeah because it's you know
probabilities of you getting the card
getting the next card getting the next
card and there were some variables in
there and then of course every
probability needs to be readjusted for
other cards that the other people you're
playing with pick yeah and it was a
really fun back and forth on Twitter
today and spikes and that's it like it
was and someone who knows math way
better than I do what was helping me
figure it out last just as long as
Furbys pogs and Petra I'm not doing this
because it's a fag I'm doing this
because I fidget and they have invented
something specifically for me to fidget
with yeah and even when it's not a fad
I'll prove I'll probably still have one
of these oh yeah stock up cuz they're
super cheap now
fuck
don't work that well Mademoiselle hey
Jack hi
I heard you go to northern Wisconsin
every now and then I do have you ever
been to a little restaurant called the
White Stag and sugar camp I would
definitely recommend checking it out if
you haven't you know that northern
Wisconsin Wisconsin that's pretty big
right pretty big pretty big place I
can't say I've ever been to the White
Stag and the other part of that I was up
I mean I've been all over the state I
regularly I go to Rhinelander and that's
again that's pretty desolate as well uh
Chet Jake Jenna already bought me a
fidgety cube for like my birthday yeah
so I am I don't you want me just to
fidget with that and only that no yeah I
did multiple fidgets I might my desk at
home
Jack yeah I've actually got a basket
full of things I figured with yeah yeah
like multiple things I believe it
got a slinky in there I got this this
Rubik's Cube thing that I like to fidget
with it's all there nice
vile 8:22 hey I've enjoyed our lemon
prereq for ages and finally have a
question okay what videos have made you
proud to be a part of prereq and rlm
thanks for the stream wow what the
videos I'm a whole crowd proud that's
that's a that's a weird way to put it it
is a weird way to put it like a lot of
the stuff we make I don't know if
anything in particular makes me like Wow
I like when people enjoy a video we made
rain I feel like I know like as far as
prereq is concerned I think our I really
I really enjoyed our breakdown of the
order 1886 that was a good breakdown
I was very easy to break down and
because it was so sure we got that out
really fast so that was nice
I didn't mind our uncharted for Oh first
four hours that was pretty fun let's see
what other ones are Batman Arkham Knight
I felt pretty good way
and so there's a lot of videos that I
enjoy of ours is it telling that you
didn't immediately say space cop I have
said time and time again I am
uncomfortable watching myself act on
screen yeah I'm not I'm not acting when
we do prereq that's me having a
discussion yeah me acting I can't wash
myself at never could
where I was
Texas Panhandle ourselves oh I hate
multiplayer shooters and stuff for the
most part but I love mmo's in particular
World of Warcraft
which I still play even though none of
my friends do anymore
it's pretty casual friendly no I'm glad
you enjoy it
little world Warcraft just one big grind
fest no they got it down yeah they got
it down like you know there I I there's
no way I could believe that a game could
be that popular and a grind fest like
Diablo
well but the gnudi Apple is not didn't
do so well right I think I beat my first
boss why was a huge game with endless
shit to do it's all about the people you
play with right I believe that
yeah I believe that Wow is a worthwhile
experience it's to me it seems just the
the amount of things that you need to
press like the amount of buttons like
yeah I'll you know gonna have this spell
over here this bill over here this
fellow here just it's overwhelming to me
yeah Wow I don't know if I could ever
play him rich what's your opinion of
hollow nights so far I haven't played it
like at all I've just watched Jack
planet yeah I have no opinion of it
really looking looking at it i I think
dead cells is really fun
that's what I thought looking at it I'm
sorry so far this is closer to Orion the
blind forest than dead cells yes it's
really beautiful but kind of dull I had
that was a fine boss fight I just had a
little the boss fight well I'm not
terrible yeah just kind of standard yeah
yeah yeah not terrible I'm that's not
I'm not dissing I play Ori and the blind
forest like this is this is a platformer
it's pretty
you know I'm gonna wait till I can until
I get my first like upgrade thingy I
really was hoping that that would be an
upgrade thingy give 20xx another try 20
extra Jack loves him and that's just
that just released oh it's done that
just released its 1.0 so it is now
officially out of early access this is
dull would you want to switch over
I might okay we might switch over I'm
stuck now right then we might switch
over sooner rather than later Friday the
13th is never a dull it was dull last
stream for the first time Friday 13th
let me down on stream yeah there's a
really bad night of screaming Friday the
13th we just came off of that great you
know pub ji-hye though the group pub
ji-hye go back and buy a map it's just a
starting area it gets more intense later
go back and buy a map somebody said go
back and buy a map to that guy I was
just talking to someone on the chat said
go back and buy a map I didn't see -
who'll just go back and buy a map ok I
was talking to this guy over here there
was just a guy this is the guy that I
was talking to oh no he's gone no I
can't the chats also really fond of
pipes pipes from the pub G stream oh my
Saviour you mean pipes made it happen
where would we be without pipes I'd be
dead I can't buy a map here I'm sorry
because I can't get up there how come I
didn't get a power from defeating that
bad guy not every game works the exact
same way that every game is Megaman so
close go back to the main hub to buy map
wave point I read the things I literally
have not played this game I have no idea
what's one I just let us die at the end
why is hit again why is he getting all
the recognition that's true when it was
time to storm the house yeah we both
died and he was all the way back
wherever the fuck when that extra gun
could have really helped that's true
well he was playing it safe he was he
was looking out for number one he with
him with us storming the house when you
know when you're playing with a group of
foreign teams yeah can you really look
out for number one right right
pipes is that really the smart strat if
you had a like a good argument for not
storming the house and I'm gonna be
honest I encourage that largely because
I wanted to see something exciting
happen and that's storming the house
sounded fun debate but I figured out
like like decisive reasons why it was a
bad idea maybe maybe I was gonna chance
to change my mind change your mind
sure you know I guess almost got all
those guys in the house one other person
would have been the difference pipes
pipes we got we got you know a grenade
killed one whoever I stormed the house
with killed another and I severely
injured the third but you know
eventually
yeah
No
tell Jack that you can Pogo bounce by
jumping over something and pressing down
and strike this will elevate you higher
it also resets your airborne once per
jump abilities there's no double jump in
this game right now that's probably
something I have to unlock so either and
I cannot pogo jump so think again
whoever said that like look I'm pressing
down and I'm not Pogo jumping cuz you
didn't land on an enemy huh you didn't
land on an enemy
oh is that what they're saying try it on
an enemy
nope you're not swinging it all though
huh you're not swinging hitting the
swing button chunk up I'm hitting this
swing okay directly above the enemy are
you heading down - yes all right
at the same time like that huh you just
did it that doesn't necessarily make me
jump higher no they said if you strike
the ground
no got while falling right uh I don't
think they did I think they said on an
enemy but they said well if you strike
the ground you jump higher and resets
your double jump ability but I don't
have a double jump ability yet you're
pressing the button too late well here's
another comment if you're gonna switch
games better sooner than later
why is that I'm just reading the
comments why is that
Casper says our epub G review Jack might
like the swat-style action of Rainbow
six siege rich might like the slow pays
dreadnought with big spaceships though
streak Ghost Recon wildlands has the
elements you both like in pub G okay oh
no I dropped my pigeon you know now I
gotta I gotta stop everything I'm doing
to get the fidgets back because it's
like an addiction Jack get your shit
together rich
I got a now I gotta get the floor to
find the fidgets
what is that
they only go and stream can commence now
I found the fidgets found the fidget
everything's alright everything's
alright everyone that was intense
it was intense rich
we all know Mike's crazy views on ghosts
I was just wondering what a stance on
UFOs --is and yours for that matter
I haven't had long conversations with
Mike about UFOs we we did have a good
laugh at this one special aliens on the
moon which was on Netflix I don't know
if it's still on Netflix but they just
took rocks on the moon yeah and they
highlighted them different colors and
they said this looks vaguely like it
could be something that was built and it
looked at all nothing at all like
something that could have been built
it's like rocks and they just look like
rocks on the moon and it's hysterical my
official position on aliens yeah is that
they probably exist it's a very big
galaxy let alone universe yeah the odds
of there not being other life out there
is pretty low mm-hmm there's probably
other life out there the question is do
they get into a flying saucer and buzz
the earth haha I have seen no convincing
evidence that this has ever happened
that's the key right there there's we
have absolutely no evidence yes of extra
truth isn't a ssin right but there's
very likely other life out there in the
galaxy now maybe maybe like intelligent
life is extraordinarily rare maybe that
just doesn't happen very often and this
is why you don't see UFOs flying around
or what not but there probably is alien
life
oh maybe I don't know nothing I don't
know nothing about no aliens alien life
almost certainly exists but given the
sheer size of the universe it's
extremely unlikely contact will be made
what's them what's it called there's a
name for this the Fermi paradox related
to the Drake Equation the Fermi Vernie I
think it's the Fermi paradox where like
like like freaking freaking uh very
smart scientists physicists and
astrophysicists got together and they're
just talking about this fairly casually
I think this is when they were working
on the atomic bomb and they were doing
the math in their head that if there
were other life in the universe other
intelligent life even at at slower than
light speeds if the the earliest life in
the galaxy should have pretty much
colonized the entire galaxy by now right
even it's slower than light speeds and
the Fermi paradox is well if that's the
case where is this alien life we should
have seen right hints of it it's era
it's not so much scientific theory as it
is a thought experiment right what are
some of some educated guesses as to why
we have not met another intelligent
lifeform the great filter right that
that's something in the course of
evolution is a a barrier to colonizing
the galaxy either either life itself is
very rare like like actual life as we
know it doesn't happen very often at all
and we are one of the few planets in
existence that has life yeah or or maybe
life is fairly common but intelligent
life well that doesn't happen very often
and you don't you don't see hardly any
planets that have intelligent life that
are capable of building machines and one
of the other ones that probably most
people are familiar with is that
intelligent life is fairly common but
they have a tendency to blow themselves
up before they can start colonizing
yes and we kind of have to hope that we
are on the other side of the great
barrier so that we ourselves might
colonize the galaxy someday the great
filter or whatever is they call this
they invent the radio and then kaboom uh
in a sense we and we invented the atomic
bomb not long after we got radio
geologically that's a blink of the
fucking eye
the most common intelligent life out
there you get radio signals for them for
about 50 years and then nothing because
they blow themselves up that could be
that could be the most common scenario
in the universe
giggling
June
mm-hmm all right Sarah where was that
where are we
what was that in where are we that's I
mean though those are the questions rich
those are the only questions of life
what was that where are we right yeah
you do know you're doing it right that's
that's the great the great questions
come 907 says rich and Jack what is your
least favorite episode of a TV series
and why keep it coming with the great
content love you guys it's a very
strange question as you tend to forget
about the bad ones
what's the question again at least
favorite episode of the TV series least
favorite episode of a team I know I know
I don't even know where to start the
boxer for Star Trek Voyager how about
that the vibe of the the episode of Star
Trek Voyager that was dedicated to
Chakotay hallucination of him being a
boxer that's a dumbass worst episode of
television ever worst episode would have
to be something that just ruined a
Cheryl that was good right surely you
can you can you can write off one even
write off the boxer there were some good
boys or I guess but I don't know if I
can fully write off
you can write off shades of gray from
TNG the clip episode I was a one-time
thing forget about it sure
all right but of like a really bad
episode would have to ruin a TV show for
like the rest of its Ronnie oh okay look
it would be a jump the shark moment like
a like a tipping point yeah that
signaled the end okay all right I'm with
you I'm with here what are you I don't
have an answer okay this this would
require some thinking and I don't I got
I got yeah I got other shit to read the
series finale of Voyager
yeah that's up there Voyager avoid right
so manager so many bad an idiot an idiot
could have been a showrunner and made
that show work an idiot yeah
you do the first half of the show like
you're of health where supplies are low
things are bad they're still trying to
get home and then you know what halfway
through the show I'd have some kind of
turning point like maybe maybe they find
the caretaker and they find out they
can't get home I have to make a decision
like like you know home is so far away
maybe we just have to stake this purse
claim down here and make a life for
ourselves in the Delta Quadrant then my
second half of Voyager would have been
making allies and essentially starting
like a new Federation yeah on the other
side of the galaxy we're gonna we're
gonna we're gonna you know we're gonna
make peace between these two races we're
gonna get a treaty and then slowly over
time Voyager kind of develops a whole
new Federation yeah and then my my
season family a Voyager yeah
it's 200 years later they them the the
new Federation of the olden Federation I
finally have expanded far enough they
come together Voyager and the whole new
Federation meets up with the old and now
the whole galaxy one big happy
Federation that would be how I would end
you and it should that be beautiful what
a bit great that would have been
beautiful
like like the tenants passed down from
our founder Janeway right fine yes we've
heard about we've heard the stories of
yes right we are honored on this day to
finally make a mountain like the
struggle of like sticking with the
Federation rules they know or possibly
bettering them right like no this is an
established rule we think it works like
this but maybe there's a better way like
that could have been the series moral
quandary oh rich rich you should have
been a TV writer yeah
the more I think about that the more I
love it so here's here's what I'm gonna
say here's what I've decided that's how
it ended that's Jan that's that was the
whole series and I now remember voyage
you're much more fondly because because
that makes way more sense as a Voyager
show let's all like if we all agree
we'll Mandela affected let's just all
agree that that's how Voyager was it's
it's beautiful and it's in the spirit of
Star Trek yes
okay
and Neelix was intimidated in tourism I
wouldn't have made Neelix aghh
I wouldn't have had him be a comic
relief character I'd haven't be
streetwise and maybe not entirely
trustworthy but that kind of need him
because he knows things that don't he
wouldn't have been a joke in my Voyager
you know he would have been someone who
over time they sold on the Federation's
philosophy that's what my Neelix would
have been sure someone who's like ah the
Federation I don't need that crap I'm a
I'm a loner I'm a smuggler I get my own
stuff done I'm gonna use these guys for
a cushy ride for a while yeah ever than
my Neelix it's fine Neelix rips fine
Neelix fine Neelix
that could have been like a that could
have been like a big a big like season
finale moment mm-hmm is you know Neelix
Neelix cast them off and then it sells
them out sells alone then decide to they
really had it going on and turns around
for the season premiere
ah Rich's version of Voyager the only
version for Voyager I love it how would
you have handled the Borg I wouldn't
have the board were a one-trick pony who
never really should have shown up after
the best of both worlds maybe they're on
the Gamma Quadrant we just don't deal
with that maybe you can get one decent
Borg episode out of it you know maybe
maybe that's just the turning point well
we really can't get home because we
would have to get through Borg space oh
maybe
sure sure that's the final nail in the
coffin well we can't get home right I
don't know I'm not necessarily saying I
would do that for sure mm-hmm
no they had I think there were some
interesting Borg stuff with Voyager and
so like getting a Borg episode here or
there wouldn't have been the the Borg
were were ruined the moment they had a
queen yep
that that that eliminated everything
that was interesting about them I
totally agree totally agree
yes as soon as they have a leader and
they are not just automatons that gets
rid of everything that makes them you
know the Borg
yeah now they're just zombies right
zombies with a leader there's a leader
zombie in control of the mindless they
were never mindless in TNG there were a
hive mind but now they're mindless
thanks to the Queen
I suck I suck darn it
bran flakes 45:47 says hey rich and Jack
barrage have you guys seen valerian if
so what do you think
valerian in the city of a thousand
planets the new Luke best song movie no
it is I've not seen it I've not seen it
okay
also remember to look up Les Stroud from
Survivorman
he's Rich's Canadian doppelganger thanks
for the content fellas
well there you go I'm excited to see
valerian I like to loop best home but I
have not seen it yet just because I
haven't been able to get out to see a
movie
rich rarely reads the chat
he reads 90 percent tips Jack reads 80
percent chat Wow whoa taking like a few
chat questions here sure sure Richie you
you're getting called out wow wow wow
wow you got you got told man you got
straight-up tone do you want to play no
and especially not now
you
look I think kerim just likes hack bot
look Chad Chad yeah Karen likes the
funny things that hack bot says
sir dodge roll room no no there's not
I have a little bit of his pattern down
now so I'm a little better than I was
before but alright anonymous says this
is extremely late I know but it was
touched on in your Canon Christmas
Deathwish 3 director is generally
regarded as a creep in the UK and sing
Death Wish 3 gives a telling window into
his mind sending alright it was very
very sleazy death noise 3 yep Kayleigh
says hey guys how much do I have to tip
for you to play something a smidge more
engaging I'm gonna give this boss
another couple tries and then maybe
Irene when I beat the boss or a couple
more tries well we'll switch it up a
little xx xx I'd like to beat at least
one boss before we call it a night how
does everyone feel about the Bruce
Willis Death Wish movie oh my god yeah
you know now I'd say I haven't seen the
movie but the trailer looks awful rich
yep back in black fuckin back in black
yeah some people yeah this isn't really
the time for that movie oh also not
really the time for that movie like
crime has been going down fast for a
good long while yep crime has been going
down ever since roe v-- wade that's true
that's true crime has been steadily
dropping since the since the 70s and so
yeah I don't think anyone but you know
who's gonna love the movie conservative
dads oh yeah every single fuckin
conservative dad is gonna they're gonna
they're gonna go see it they're gonna
buy it on blu-ray they're gonna buy it
on VHS they're gonna buy it on laserdisc
they're gonna they're gonna they're
going to love this
shit out of that movie that's who that's
who their market is I can't imagine it
will do terribly well in the box office
that for anyone who wants to make a joke
there's this book call it was it
freakanomics that actually draws a
connection between abortion being legal
and the drop in the crime rate there
there is a connection there isn't a good
night there there is a statistical
connection yes not anything yeah that's
a core there is a correlation as they
say not necessarily a causation but
there is a correlation right like the a
correlation is more it's like what I was
there example there's a correlation
between hotdog sales and shark attacks
not necessarily a causation
oh here it's you just by touching it
no Chad I have not gotten around to
gravity falls
anonymous says hey guys thoughts on art
wow I'm making a career jump from my
nine-to-five job into a world of making
money with art so far I've earned
negative income art supplies cost a lot
fellas all right as well as a website
buts
I think you can expect to see your
income steadily declining even a lot of
great artists died broke Van Gogh he
wasn't he wasn't making any money off of
his work in his lifetime your your roll
of the dice it's low odds to be
successful in art oh yeah any artistic
endeavor
oh hey beat him yeah you were Jack I
figured it out the blue channel says hey
guys today's half of the bag made me
think of an important question if you
could only see one movie before you die
what would it be
oh wait like three watch a movie or
watch a new movie they're not specific
what's the longest movie like the
absolute longest movie so then you could
just so then you could watch the line
like like you have to finish watching
the movie before you die can I make it
because I don't have to finish making at
first dude
I'm very slow
yes yes I would make boyhood - yes nice
Sean says if I was captain of Voyager
and I mean as a man when Q said I need
help making babies I would have said
okay all right okay if you are willing
to help the Borg then you should be
willing to be Q's baby mama really just
for scientific purposes right like you'd
want to bring into existence an immature
child with godlike abilities and being
like that fucking Twilight Zone episode
this can only be a mistake nothing good
will come of this yeah but if you can
get past that first stage you'll have
like someone who really likes you and
has godlike powers think about that
that's that's a risk reward right there
rich
Oh dad I love you what do you need
anything in the universe there was a
Star Trek episode about a child with
godlike abilities and it didn't end well
it wasn't a good thing this is not a
good idea
Oh what target says hey guys rich when
it comes to set design and prop building
is it more helpful to have a visual art
background or a construction one your
props for prereq that you don't use
anymore or good they're janky well see
that that was janky I like the idea of
it but when you're talking about
building props you need both you need
you need an art direction and the know
how to make them look good you need both
so you gotta do both like those looked
great but yes they were janky and more
importantly they were they were balls to
put up properly sometimes you're limited
by what you can build I know and so like
I'm gonna build this big heavy thing for
the plink it up but it will collapse
under its own weight right so you need
to rethink that like when Mike bought
those giant like comically heavy things
the original Flint get aboard that
collapsed under its own weight
that's why I'm saying you need both yeah
you missed the prereqs that's so much
they were so chink it looked awful not
in a variety the paint was sloppy mess
they were getting filthy the lighting
was a nightmare the lighting was a
nightmare they were such a pain in the
ass to set up they would never stay
still we couldn't leave them set up you
know we couldn't figure out the lighting
in there it's done it was every time we
had to figure the lighting out again so
many problems so many problems with
those things and then the ton of
comments like are you guys even in the
same room month well that was the other
thing yeah we cuz we did that before we
had three cameras yeah yeah there there
were issues to be had with that setup Oh
a lot of oh I was out a blast juice
there were there were definitely issues
about that set
and while our new set isn't entirely
perfect I do believe you know I'd still
like to find some way to kind of
transform the the bookshelves into
something that's more ours
you know it's not entirely perfect it
still it's it's I feel like it's better
than the old sets are in our new area
it's much easier to light I think it
looks better overall there are there are
practical applications to her new set
the one major thing that the entire Dark
Knight trilogy has against it is
Christian Bale's barking yes Christian
Bale in general he's a terrible Batman
as Bruce was good though was it it was
it was adequate it's you know like yeah
and it wasn't like jaw-dropping all this
the Bruce's Bruce Wayne I've ever seen
right yes he played a rich guy like
Bruce is a non yes Bruce Wayne is the
least important and least important
component right
like to see Keaton's Batman and Wayne
and a Dark Knight Returns setup Keaton's
Batman yeah now that Keaton Keaton's
getting older now and and cranky how
would
oh god I'm trying why am i drawing a
blank on his fucking name current Batman
I'm fucking Affleck Affleck how do you
worked in the Dark Knight series
probably a bit too old for Batman Begins
but just in theory if you had him have
time at the right age I'm trying to
think of his Batman right because in
Batman vs Superman or hey I'm sorry his
Bruce Wayne yeah maybe I think it'd have
been fun maybe cuz you know we only get
basically we really only get one scene
of him as Bruce Wayne in the party yep
and he does all right I like to take
where Batman is kind of his true self
the Batman the Animated Series approach
yeah and Bill's barking is not bad that
is not the true face of the man bales
barking honestly we're like you know the
mask is the more honest yeah I just I
can't
I was just when when I was up north I
have a family with some family up there
who was also in video production and we
were talking about movies and we got to
talking about Nolan and we got to
talking about the Dark Knight series and
it was just like the dark The Dark
Knight is good that is a fine movie
mostly because of Heath Ledger Christian
Bale is the worst Batman yes the word I
mean and I'm including all the nipple
Batman's the growling makes it
unbearable
and I'm not saying his Wayne is terrible
it's just not mind blowing Lee amazing
but the point is his Batman is awful and
that's where the conversation ends
exactly exactly
it's it just it doesn't make any sense
to me his Batman his growling Batman and
and the chats making a lot of Martha
comments wow that's not that's not a
flex fault that's the writers fault
right
oh yeah but see like remember the Martha
scene right and do you remember that
like how like the guttural growl of a
flicks Batman during the Martha scene
that's one sequence because he's really
angry that makes sense well you sound
like you're in a death metal van that
that like quiet scene where he's talking
to Katie Holmes in Batman Begins there's
there's some more imagine imagine like
let's let's take like a smarter small
Batman star let's look at the scenario
here sure Bale's Batman runs across like
a 12 year old kid who's pointing a gun
at him right and he has to talk okay
okay series of the scenario the calm
cool and collected that the the the
Batman who is also like in control of
himself that's what I want now whatever
what I want is like a situation like
that from the animated series you guys
give me the script I will I will make do
microphone oh my god this is a future
stream we're gonna take Batman the
Animated Series yeah
right and we're gonna we're gonna get
some transcripts and then we're gonna do
Kevin Conroy's version no I'm gonna I'm
gonna overdub my click you will do your
version with Christian Bale exactly oh
my god this is an amazing idea we can
put this under creative right mm-hmm
this is a working streaming app I'll do
the voice work and then it'll be
creative because I'll Brad my computer
and I'll show you guys how I edit my
voice in Christian right and under
Conroy's it'll be great oh good jacket
can't only do like five minutes in that
voice oh I can do that voice all night
it will wreck me but it'll be worth it
Christopher Nolan's Batman the Animated
Series
there was nothing here's here's my
official you know I've been playing
hollow night for two hours okay here's
my official review yeah
there's absolutely nothing wrong with it
okay I am also not interested in it okay
it's it's fine it looks adorable I I
just I'm not very interested in it maybe
at a different time in my life this
would have been my absolute jam but at
the moment that's right we can look into
justice Batman Beyond oh I can put
Bale's Batman it'll be great wonderful
sensitive Jack what was that wolfing at
the end that's all that's just Christian
Bale scooby-doo without thee that's my
Batman book I put the tip of my tongue
he's monotone scooby-dooby-doo
I put I put the tip of my tongue behind
my bottom teeth like this and that's my
that's my Center is Rachel like oh do
all of them down we're gonna leave wait
Superman where we got 20xx boom 20xx
being fully released

[Part II]
oh gosh dang it
20xx is fully out now and I've crashed
it perfect perfect perfect
get out of here 20xx you bothering me
alright I've updated the stream we're
gonna go over to OBS here you know what
we'll just get a little bit of this
behind-the-scenes work down here it's
not really behind the scenes when we do
it you know Wow streaming yeah x9 of a
sense nonnamous most companies have
yearly safety reviews and drills okay
what does an rlm safety meeting like do
you have max landis drills like in case
of max landis no I was doing I was doing
do they change it in Shetty yeah I
changed it okay the way of Meister says
oh wait there's the thing on the screen
on what era this took money is to
support Christopher Nolan's Batman the
Animated Series there you go
you too are a blessing well do you know
like should we I mean should we should
the stream be we just redo an entire
episode or we find good clip find it
click good clips oh you guys can't see
the new intro sorry
why not cuz I didn't do I didn't change
it I didn't change this yeah okay hey
where you start the game so they can see
the new intro game shelve UK says do a
review or commentary track of Batman 89
all the Dark Knight is my number one
Batman film and number one comic book
film Batman 89 is a close second
hmm and I'm menorah T that like Batman
Forever a lot love the visuals I have
enough to say about Batman 89 I don't
like it that much
you know I mean at the time it was great
oh sure I mean I'm sure it has an aged
very well I don't I don't think so
especially the costume costume looks
laughs so laughable or he couldn't move
his neck Oh at the time I hated that but
now it just looks cheap too
yeah well I mean they didn't know what
they were doing you see where the rubber
doesn't touch the face right away
bending right right yeah like weird word
around the block was before Batman
Begins there the argue there's an
argument to be made that Batman Forever
the Val Kilmer one yeah was the best
Batman story okay cuz that just had to
do with him struggling whether he wanted
to be Bruce Wayne or Batman and you know
at the end of it is I am both it was
poorly written but it was the most
complete Batman story which is a fair
assessment I mean you know what I
haven't seen those um those Burton
Batman's in a very long time I it's only
a few months ago but I watched Batman 89
I was working on something in the studio
okay to be fair I was like half paying
attention to it but when I was paying
attention I was that's critical okay I
look at this they have a little tutorial
section
I never I never liked Jack Nicholson as
the Joker like never oh yeah
Nicholson it's not the Joker it's just
it's Jack Nicholson it's Jack Nicholson
well yeah
oh well tutorial now
well Jax I always been kind of crazy yes
but I can't look at that character or
not say yep
that's Jack Nicholson yeah well it works
pretty strong personality that Jack
Nicholson
sure
nope
we're getting mostly how to play this
game so actually this tutorial is
incredibly helpful she have that problem
with other Nicholson rules and other
Nicholson roles he's not playing an
iconic character like the Joker Jack
Torrence in the shining that's Jack
Nicholson but that's fine it's the
shining alright chest up David I really
want about that
like
I I might put Jack Nicholson's the Joker
in fourth place as far as Joker's choice
Joker's in a Hamill Ledger Cesar Romero
and Jack Nicholson and I say what you
want about Cesar Romero and the campy
sixties show he captured the Joker of
that time perfectly I hey I guess my
only counter-argument was I believe that
Nicholson's Joker was the intended Joker
that was the vision is the give the
gangster Joker okay and so like is to me
that's a horse at peace with him and
Cesar Romero is like they're both doing
the the intended bit you know Cesar
Romero refused to shave his mustache he
still nailed the performance if you're
doing a version of like the 50s and 60s
comic book Joker he nailed it
Jack Nicholson's Joker was was Jack
Nicholson with some Joker makeup on his
face yeah but it works
hi I'm defending Jack Nicholson's Joker
a little bit more laughter I'm the found
offending Jack Nicholson's Joker I think
it's fine it's a fine Joker guessing
rich wouldn't even rank the new Joker to
be fair I haven't watched Suicide Squad
I'm not all interested oh yeah what
little I know I'm sure it would end up
being dead last
oh I mean and that's that's over like
the weirder Kurt like like there's a
there's a TV show that I've watched with
my kids called the Batman have you seen
that yeah the cartoons of Batman that
has like The Joker that's all steroid up
and and I like a karate monster yeah
like Jared Leto's Joker goes underneath
the steroid adapt karate monster Joker
yeah absolutely
oh it's awful
Texas panhandler says if you've seen the
animated Dark Knight Returns film Peter
Weller voice Batman is did a great job I
thought on the whole it was a great
adaptation you might enjoy it I have not
seen it and I might enjoy it I don't
know that I need to see it no problem
zoink o says did you guys watch Kevin
Conroy doing the Dark Knight's speech
there's a leg I feel like Christian Bale
covered up okay dialogue I have not seen
that and I might take a look at that
when we're not streaming I have no doubt
he probably nailed it them who's Kevin
Kahn this is Kevin Conroy he is the
Batman Batman knows how to Batman yes
have you seen under the Red Hood John
DiMaggio does a different but amazing
Joker I have not seen it John DiMaggio
Joker yeah mmm one of the
straight-to-dvd movies you can probably
do an interesting Joker I can see it
being too rough yeah
yeah but it like he can he can hold back
a little bit all right I probably like
that
Oh
if someone just trying to troll Cesar
Romero and Leto were amazing Heath
Ledger just came off is trying too hard
that's Besim that's some second class
attempted trolling right now you're not
even you're not even trying to like hide
it
you're not even trying to be clever
about it just like yeah I guess I can
see the hook coming out of the worm I
guess right I'll just say something
that's so patently wrong just to try to
get a rise out of them ever heard Tim
Curry's joke I've heard of it I have not
heard it can we hear it is there is that
is it floating around some you know the
story lines right course of course you
tell people who don't know for anybody
who doesn't know originally Mark Hamill
was not the Joker in Batman the Animated
Series originally it was Tim Curry he
actually got the role he recorded it
like a number of episodes were flight
fully done with Tim Curry and then they
decided that he was too fucking scary
for a children's TV show yes and they
got Mark Hamill to do it instead because
that is absolutely true Tim Curry has an
amazingly terrible voice right a
horrifying voice I've seen somebody take
Pennywise dialogue and like pasted over
footage of the animated Joker okay
that's not the same thing as the actual
job he did as the Joker right I wonder I
wonder if that exists anywhere that'd be
a great DVD extra if they were smart if
they still have it I'd imagine they
still have it
I don't know I don't know I'd love to I
would love to hear that
Oh oh right oh I forgot about you know
what I forgot about stealing magnet
tiles all right where'd I leave off here
nice guy Eddie 57 says just want to say
thanks for all the great entertainment
doesn't matter what game or movie it is
as long as it's you guys as a side note
what is the next meal Breen movie I
don't know I would like it to be sooner
rather than later yeah I can tell you
for 100% sure it's not going to be the
next episode of best of the worst that
is going to be a very special spotlight
episode oh I think that's finally almost
done that's filmed already yes that was
a pilot house from the while ago yeah
well we didn't want to air two
spotlights too close together because
then you're gonna get the flood of
comments Zeus for plaything I miss it
when you did three movies in episode why
don't you do that anybody so we didn't
want to air those too close - sure sure
that's fair that's fair
hey-ya
oh I'm excited for that smile I'm
excited for people to learn what that
spotlight episode is cuz holy man
there's something some things I'm mildly
worried about that I will talk about off
stream with that episode not that
episode itself but something involving
one of the people who we talked about
number one they're worried about
something yeah yeah I'm interesting oh
oh I'm excited you guys should be
excited by the way you guys should be
excited about what's gonna happen I'll
give this guy a try tell us we can't we
can't tell you because we already tried
to give you guys a little secret and and
what happened what happened some jerk
ruined it for everybody right I know
that wasn't everyone in chat with
someone ruined it we can't trust you
guys anymore
Committee on one twice's hey Jack hi
next time you play pub gee yeah please
consider me as a buddy okay I may have
failed rich and f/13 but after a few
days in pub Jean I am holding my own
very well
my stream ID is convicting in 120 I sent
you a request
okay committee now I'm in the middle of
overhauling my friends which is just
something that which shit which it
your friends are you saying all your
friends on Steam which is something that
rich and I have to do occasionally
because we have so many friends just
shit richer off
sir dunk though flail Wow
what that's what something looks like to
make great am i way off and thinking the
long Halloween is the greatest Batman
story ever I love that it's a proper
properly detective a Batman using his
wits and cunning to catch a clever
non-superpowered villain the holiday
killer who kills somebody in every
holiday and I was 12 issues long holiday
every month where somebody died okay I
remember the big reveal and being kind
of like so I don't know that I'd say
it's the greatest it's a fine Batman
tale and it does kind of emphasize the
detective II bits all right you know I
don't know if I ever read then I'll give
that I'll give that one a read there's
more the famous ones it's one of the
things
you're one of the famous ones rich
yes because I'm not saying the long
Halloween is the greatest thing ever
that means I hate it that is correct you
guys know how it works yes that's how it
works
DC can't tell
since money toward Chris Nolan's Batman
the Animated mockery even with minimal
minimal effort it will be better than
the animated killing joke
oh god oh god The Killing Joke game
child you cases with Nicholson Joker we
got to see the Joker before he turned
Joker the Joker is a mobster not every
film has to be like that but Leto Joker
sucks Nicholson Joker had number one
costume ledger number one personality
well you know what my costume that's
important that's I but I did like it I
know you're joking but I did like it I
know you're a jokester look at this
interview got to see the Joker before he
turned Joker yeah where he was just Jack
Nicholson
the most interesting origin story of the
Joker he wasn't a mobster beforehand it
was just some schmuck right
also it's super cheap that he was a
spoiler alert for 89 Batman that it's
super cheap that he was the one that
killed the Wayne's now he's still a
gangster he's just a gangster with a
white face yeah alright oh yes that's
interesting he might have been the one
that turns Batman in to Batman now
that's that's that's super lame super
lame let's let's be real about about how
lame The Joker killing the way into he
was a criminal and then he fell on
chemicals and now he's a criminal right
that's his origin he was just a criminal
to begin with but now he's still a
criminal I'm still a criminal right now
he's a criminal bla bla rich blood he
has a purple suit where does the Joker
Joker kill the Wayne's in 89 Batman it's
the Joker that kills the Wayne's
it's implied it's heavily employ no no
it's not just implied they have a
conversation about it then flashback
involved with a - okay yeah yeah yeah no
and then later when Batman and the Joker
are facing off in the bell tower they
have a talk about oh I created you you
created me yeah yeah yeah no I at first
I thought it was just a heavily implied
but no the the Joker straight have
killed the Wayne's in Batman 89 yeah
which is the lamest which is the lamest
less interesting than just random
criminal right it's representative of
Batman's war on crime as a whole what
rich said I don't even think it should
be revealed is like you know Joe Chill
traditionally is who killed the parents
the name of the random criminal
a number of times in a number of
continuities oh well there you go
but if it's just if it's just like that
unsolved mystery that makes it more
powerful right it's like the one case he
couldn't solve that's that's a bit and
that's what sets him off on his journey
yes yes yes crime in general
not one specific dude climb in general
and this is bad how it made the hero's
journey a more personal instead of
random thug did we just explain this
because because that's the thing like
Batman Batman doesn't have an arc where
he's now comfortable and doesn't want to
be Batman anymore that's boring like bad
like that's not how comics and
superheroes work is is that there's one
thing that sets them on their path to
here Odom and because it's this specific
Joker thing when Batman takes care of
Joker that almost is a conclusion to his
story
a gangster killed my parents and turned
me into the Batman I have now brought
that killer to justice
I guess I don't need to be Batman
anymore may as well you know I'm doing
it already yeah I guess I could help
someone else that is it is not a
vendetta against this specific criminal
it is a vendetta against the whole idea
of random acts of crime and violence
right let you know if you want to
compare origin stories you look at
spider-man's origin right spider-man's
origin like his drive the spider-man's
drive isn't about stopping crinimal
criminals it's about his own inactivity
yeah he was inactive once and it hurt
someone and so he can't ever let that
happen I can't ever be inactive again
and so it's this general like I I was
lazy once and shit happens so now I got
it I got that drive and so with that man
it said general criminals are bad which
obviously which is obvious but yeah they
you can't make that a specific person
and even you can get some pathos out of
I'll never know who did it
yeah you can dump that for drama yeah
absolutely
oh shit
just suck at 20xx now live fine
see a huge huge proponent of faceless
thug who killed the Wayne's oh
absolutely absolutely I think yeah I
think that's how it should be I think
that's how it should be and so you look
at you look at at 89 Batman in different
lights when you're when you're a little
bit older and you know seeing a couple
more movies but I I'm still I am still
going to defend Nicholson's Joker as a
good Joker
I don't once again I don't hate it it
just it doesn't do much for me you sure
it's Jack Nicholson Joker makeup yeah
and and I don't disagree with that I get
I guess I just don't see it as that much
of a negative
and Jack Nicholson is a fun actor yeah
but he overshadows the character to some
extent absolutely Tom Hanks is the Joker
that's not only Tom Hanks's Jack
Nicholson is more of a character than
Tom Hanks Tom Hanks is an everyman
goddammit alright I'm gonna throw this
out there you're gonna throw this out
there
there's period-appropriate it could have
been the thing that could have been okay
Tom Hanks Riddler Tom Hanks hum Hanks
Riddler
she just got real
hold on everyone what was Hanks doing an
89 Joe versus the volcano actually
there's a little bit before Joe versus
the volcano wasn't it so we're still
like Turner and hooch we're inks is
still a so we're still in comedy yes
skinny little Tom Hanks as the Riddler
that might have that might be great no
this is like like like what was the the
money pit the money pit Tom Hanks like
remember that when he when he goes a
little crazy at the end of money pit
yeah yeah that's his Riddler performance
I'm throwing out there that's all I'm
doing
I like it I like it and I I officially
approve of Riddler Tom Hanks it's less
of a complete joke than the Jim Carrey
Riddler rights
oh poor Jim Carrey Riddler
not awful but he's a cartoon character
but he's always a cartoon character yeah
I mean yeah that's that was just a
little bit of like stunt casting gone
wrong right
okay Jim Carrey Bing Jim Carrey and
tight yes yes yes yeah that's the way
they casted those those old 80s Batman
movies and you know like by the way
early 90s by that point I do I can't say
I would have made a different call right
like it Mase he was super popular at the
time and then you go while the Riddler
he's this big over the top okay I think
on paper it makes a ton of sense but the
box office wise it was like the best one
okay so even on paper it worked I it off
paper at work sure one of these days I'd
like I think we need I need a I need a
Batman movie marathon where I just watch
all of the older Batman moves cuz it's
been so long since I've seen them just
now as an adult's how do they hold up
that's the question
now the only one I watched recently was
89 right so well let's say you know like
I'm curious I'm curious as to how they
would hold on thank you all of them even
even Kilmer even Clooney fuck man
Clooney's oh that movies gotta suck hard
Batman and Robin
I remember it's sucking hard at the time
Schwarzenegger
speaking of stunt casting oh yeah yeah
Schwarzenegger and Alicia Silverstone
and listen wasn't that here's my
question yeah was that made before Mr
Freeze appeared in Batman the anime had
to have been after Oh had to have got
absolutely then then they are definitely
idiots because before Batman the
Animated Series Mr Freeze was just kind
of generic I am the freeze villain yard
I thought it was even like Captain cold
before then like it wasn't even mr.
freeze that was mr. freeze I think that
was also a captain cold captain cold is
a rational okay so also DC writers get
your shit together you can't have too
cold the villains like that you know all
right Touche Captain Cold
oh yeah yeah I don't know boss we
already got one frizzy enemy can we
really have to shut up
come 907 since Jack and rich yo have you
ever read the alien predator or alien
versus Predator comics if not would
definitely recommend him the only one
the only one I've read was the original
alien versus Predator I've got a pretty
decent am ever no I did not I I read a
Predator versus Batman comic book I
should really like her to versus Batman
oh yeah yeah I liked it the first time I
read it and then I read it again and I
was supremely disappointed well I
haven't read it since I was a kid might
not have aged but I don't think it's
aged terribly well but I remember the
first time I read it being like no I um
that was the first time I ever saw
Batman got his ass kicked at yep yep
yeah I don't think it holds up well but
I read that one predator versus Batman
Patrick Stewart was supposed to be
freeze and Arnie was supposed to be bane
bane didn't have enough of a role in
that movie to bother when Arnie Baden
should just not have been in it two
moments you remember bein in that movie
yeah the big dumb monster yeah yeah
we're missing the point
Patrick Stewart is mr. freeze that's not
with that script not with that script
right if we're going to take like the
the two-parter mr. freeze episode from
Batman the Animated Series and just make
it live action absolutely and I gotta
say if you're suggesting
Patrick sort of this point you're just
suggesting people who are bald you can
shave anyone's head you know who would
make a good mr. freeze so all
seriousness like you're doing the
animated series version of mr. freeze
yes yeah is a Tom Hardy
let me do a lot of things I'm saying
he's a good actor but I could you know
like he that that like he has that
perfect voice for like cold and
calculated and like with a little hints
of emotion uh-huh
like his his think of his Mad Max
performance as mr. freeze I think Tom
Hardy Tom Hardy kill yeah I'm well that
doesn't mean it doesn't count but just
because he's a fine actor who can do
anything I I didn't mean to be
mind-blowing he's a good actor and I'd
like to see him as mr. freeze somebody
would you just cold just yeah not not
like emotionally cold just kind of
what's wrong with the vid deadpan that
deadpan not quite monotone but well like
you need that you need like a monotone
with a hint of bitterness yeah with like
monotone with bitterness and it needs to
be cold and calculating with yeah with
with but with feeling hidden underneath
right right it's a lot to ask for it is
a lot to ask for absolutely
mark Leonard from the original series
ooh
szerik the original guy who played
Zurich okay yeah no not a bad choice not
a bad choice at all
at that time he's still gonna pulled it
off I think maybe not it's starting a
little bit old by then when did when I'm
trying to think of one that particular
Batman movie came out I know he appeared
on TNG okay I don't remember how old he
was that time
we've added a little friend Marlon
Brando is Killer Croc know if you're
gonna if you're going with the like the
Tim Burton Joel Schumacher era Killer
Croc would have been Sylvester Stallone
well in shoemaker yeah it totally would
have been Sylvester Stallone for
shoemaker doll you look I'll just swim
in the water big name that's a big name
casting okay if if we could pluck a if
we could pluck an actor out of any out
of the space-time continuum and plop
them down yeah yes like young Brando
like like streetcar named desire Brando
for Killer Croc Fork you could pull off
okay cross okay but that's not stunt
casting no no way I'm agreeing with you
like I'm I'm agreeing with everybody and
just like Brando could have made a
really interesting Killer Croc but like
it would have to be black and white era
Brando because anything beyond that he's
he's not physically fit enough for it
okay Bruce Campbell is Clayface here's
the thing Namie not popular enough at
the time big those movies recipes was
the biggest name they could find he
shoved them in a roll if I he seems kind
of like that character exactly yeah a
woman's a little fat guy Danny DeVito's
a huge name he's a little fat guy I
don't know that was just good casting
Jim Carrey he's a goofball with those a
goof I go DeVito wasn't well I guess he
was a big name but he made it DeVito
made it Bruce Campbell would work you
know back in the day Bruce Campbell
would work his Clayface like the vein
actor who gets pushed to for sure yeah
but those those movies only hired mega
stars right big because of the
popularity of 89 Batman yeah
oh we had a huge name bill you know we
need huge name villains yeah thanks to
Marvel we reset that a little bit Marvel
started hiring mid to load to know tear
actors to be in their movies
Bryan Cranston is mr. freeze yeah
Heisenberg yeah what no I no I'm Pam I'm
taking a moment and listening to it too
Bryan Cranston ah yeah that's not bad
casting Kevin Spacey is the Riddler not
goofy enough those movies are
over-the-top if if Nolan was doing a
Riddler Nolan
see now you have to go which director
are you and neither realistic it would
be smart yeah it would be just big good
casting yes Spacey Riddler would be
great good job
chat good job that's it Spacey Riddler
The Riddler wasn't goofy until Jim
Carrey no false falls chant chant you
have had to have if we're gonna have a
Batman conversation you have at least
had to see a couple episodes of the Adam
West Batman just enough to know that
everything was silly and the old comic
books come on I need to I need to take a
slight bathroom break our character age
if you want to play that's fine if you
want to just reach out invisible string
says what's your favorite cult I just
watched a documentary about Scientology
it was morbidly fascinating have any
coats caught your attention now no
specific cults has caught my attention
also we need to like figure out some
definition here like what's the
difference between a cult and a religion
I mean just the number of believers
really I mean Scientologists will tell
you they're a religion but they're a
cult but I can't I can't I can't call
Scientology a cult and just leave like
you know Christianity off the hark
Jonestown
Oh God Jones Thomas just creepy nobody
likes thinking about Jonestown there
been several great documentaries about
Jonestown and I can't think of what
they're called the people's was once
called about the people's church
something-something Jonestown oh god
damn it but there's like two or three
really good Jonestown documentaries
Jonestown is the one where they they
left the United States and they they
formed a little colony in and or is it
zero somewhere in Africa and some of the
families of the people in this cult were
worried about them
so a US Senator actually went down there
to just check out Jonestown and you know
a lot of the media went down with him
and when they're about to leave the guy
in charge of Jonestown Jim Jones sent
people out to shoot the US senator and a
good chunk of the news crew there's some
really creepy footage of this guy
holding Eli's you don't see the guy
holding this guy holding a camera and
the people show up but the guns you see
him fall over and you know what happened
and it's it's really dark and then after
that he kind of knew it was over that
the army was gonna storm in or something
cuz he just murdered a senator so he has
the whole cult drink cyanide-laced : aid
kool-aid kids at all
they forced to dump children's throats
Jonestown is not not pleasant
it was South America not Africa alright
well I'm sorry I got it wrong I don't
get everything right
where we have the William Meister says
after this whole Joker Batman ranking
conversation and myself having rewatched
Manhunter last night
are there any underrated portrayals of
iconic characters off the top of my head
I can't think of any but I'm not going
to say they don't exist game shall you
cases what DC villain you want in a film
that we haven't seen
I want Gorilla Grodd and man man any
thoughts on the film wanted with James
McAvoy I saw again recently mad Chris
Pratt is in it before stardom my eye I
don't have any strong thoughts on DC
villains I need to see in the big screen
you have any you need to see in the
screen need to see I mean I do have a
soft spot for Clayface I'll be honest
with you no III think his that
two-parter animated series was really
great okay it would be fun to see a
Clayface on the big screen but also just
someone like um so I'm just it's just
someone's simple like we've talked about
this so many times just like just what
about just Batman versus some gangsters
like oh just DC though their suggestion
is gorilla grodd Gorilla Grodd has been
in a few episodes of flash and it's
really turned me off to the idea of
Gorilla Grodd because it's a big monkey
like it's someone versus a big mess
that's what makes it fun right for that
for the scene of mine what about Titan
oh this the super ape or sorrow the
giant space star
doesn't have
tonight vision but oh you mean Mattel
Superman no no
Titano is a big ape that's got
kryptonite beams that come out of its
eyes
he's like King Kong with kryptonite rays
can't we just have how about I want Lex
Luthor in a big mech suit that's what I
huh one you want mech Lex Luthor I want
mekin Lex Luthor I do I want I want mech
suit Lex Luthor who's grown I want to I
want a decent Lex Luthor
I want a Lex Luthor who is sick of
Superman stealing all the press coverage
every day so he can't do business well I
want a Lex Luthor who's like really into
physical fitness and knows that no
matter what he does Superman will be
stronger and it drives him crazy to the
point where he wants to take out
Superman I want a decent Lex Luthor
story and I want I guess I don't know
that many DC Superman finding someone in
a mech suit you may as well go metallo
metallo can be the sub bus how about
that all right all right how about that
that's that's like the white thing also
has kryptonite vision I'm not a hundred
percent sure
powered by crip yeah that said he's got
a kryptonite heart or yeah yeah but but
that was just version one version to the
mech suit comes out and it's Lex driving
it going I will destroy this I will
destroy Solomon Grundy he's just a
zombie DC has so many lame characters oh
by the way while taking my bathroom
break
I thought of who would be a great mr.
freeze yeah ready for it yeah Idris Elba
from you would know him most recently
you would know him as the main the voice
of the main villain from Star Trek
beyond okay okay but he's also he's been
in a ton of movies and TV shows
and he is a he is a dapper British
gentleman who can do the regal thing but
also has an incredible range he's the
stranger in the Dark Tower movie
interests injure inter-cell but also in
anything he's kind of like he's kind of
like the the black Tom Hardy you know
you just want to put him in anything
about Humberto cabbage patch he would
make some kind of good villain right I
mean yeah but I know he's doing the back
of strange thing right now but right
they probably wouldn't like him crossing
the aisle Vandal Savage oh sure sure or
even even a Ra's al Ghul he would make a
fine he wouldn't he would have the look
for Raja
yeah but here's the sophistic he's got
the sophistication here's what you do
for Ra's al Ghul here's how you here's
how you make it relevant yeah you gender
flip Ra's al Ghul Sigourney Weaver as
Ra's al Ghul you know why she can do
anything
gender flipping that was that was uh
speaking of okay so we're gonna we're
gonna switch aisles and we're gonna go
over to Marvel okay yeah we talked a lot
about Fantastic Four yeah and I I had
came up with an idea for Fantastic Four
I don't know if I've shared it with you
already
uh is uh is gender swapping a couple of
the characters because it's a popular
gimmick because it's a popular gimmick
yep and because it makes more so clean
and because it makes more sense with the
time right like Dean why was the
Invisible Woman The Invisible Woman well
bear with me for a second ready uh-huh
bear with me for a second feel free to
disagree but this is how the new
Fantastic Four movies getting made why
was the Invisible Woman invisible what
because it was the metaphor they didn't
want a girl to be strong and power like
what can she do she could be visible I
don't know well but that was also the
metaphor is sue felt invisible yeah like
that of the lady is not see okay right
so and and Johnny as a teenage boy
he's the hot hand right yeah he's a
teenager they get into trouble hey he's
got fire powers right incidentally
though writers may heard the most par
from one of the fucking group oh right
yeah yeah absolutely
but I digress so here's my pitch for the
new Fantastic Four movie the Human Torch
is now the strong female character
that's sue or you know whatever ah ha ha
because she feels a need to over
compensate for societal pressures of a
woman in a workplace right and so she
works extra hard and she's a terrible
bitch and so that's why she's the Human
Torch now and are you ready for this
which are you ready for the real reason
this movie is gonna get made Marvel call
me the invisible boy now right johnny is
the invisible boy is a gay male teen who
feels ostracized at this point what the
Fantastic Four don't need yes a gimmick
gimmicks all over the place do not mix
especially not after ghostbusters well
well I what I want to do this after
ghostbusters what he's gonna be a gay
right what I'm thinking is having having
a gay teen and a powerful woman in the
workplace more fits in the theme if you
gender swap the powers this right here
is farming for controversy no no it's
it's farming for controversy it fits it
fits in the theming it fits in the theme
like if you weren't in The Incredibles
if you wanted to make
what's violent you want to make her like
a closeted lesbian that works I think
for the Fantastic Four right now yeah
just just do the Fantastic Four what I'm
what I'm saying is if you if you if you
swap the powers it's more in theme with
the original idea behind them Oh guys
Ryan okay well no first of all chat
there's many reasons why I don't write
movies I'd be terrible at it but
I'm saying that's that's my pitch for
the new fantastic and for movies not to
pander not to pander to to societal
expectations or whatnot but because I
feel like if you did it this way their
powers would be more in theme with
something that's a little more modern a
woman in the workplace who feels like
she needs to over overcompensate it'll
all be a little hot-headed right and and
a gay teenage boy make her the thing who
feel sure or make her good thing make
her the thing she's insecure about her
looks whoo okay all right I'm with you
she's insecure about her looks and so
then you just you just take her looks
away right oh I like it I like it
oh shit oh shit oh shit oh yeah then
you'd have rock boobs that'd be great
imagine that imagine that for the poster
cuz the fantastic for their public right
there they're out there in the public
eye they have a building everyone knows
that they are yeah they're real you have
a PR person telling the female thing she
needs to cover up her top even though
you can't see anything because it's all
rocks this whole scene different like
bikini top like one pieces yes like yes
we need to make sure that your feminine
aspects are highlighted and then she'll
just go I'm a rock I'm a big pile of
rocks right poop have you thought about
a wig have you thought about a way I'm a
big pile of rocks maybe it maybe that's
the thing maybe like now a Bonita Grimm
has been a tomboy her whole life yeah I
mean I'm in it to win it rich I like it
I like fish like it this is happening
we're making this happen chat you know
you like this idea
alright times you gotta roll with it
Fantastic Four shouldn't be a movie well
you know there's that argument can be
made for a lot of comic book movies
prereq and my ass says yes sometimes I
sit in positions that make my dick fall
asleep I'm gonna read the rest of this
before I go on that's a great idea
this is really dumb but I'm gonna read
it I'm gonna go on I reserve the right
not to read any tip oh that's that
that's reserved that's a standing rule
yeah absolutely
it feels horrible sometimes I have
dreams that my dick falls off and tries
to strangle me I like my dick but there
has to be a connection I I don't get it
but I mean no we're just having a fun in
conversation we were we were riffing
uh I'm now so I on board with the idea
of female the thing someone trying to
feminize the thing so I guess so the
question is rich
yeah back to it back to the phone
conversation America not not to have to
be little pre reckon my asses dick
problems do do you do it that she's like
Ben Grimm like she's the tomboy I never
cared about looks or do you do it like
she was an Instagram model and obsessed
with her looks yeah and now she's big
and strong and doesn't quite know how to
deal with right right like she was an
Instagram fitness model so you know she
she knows how to handle herself in a
fuck I mean as a concept I like this
though my personal thinking is I would
just want to make a unique character
right and not do a version of the thing
for this oh sure but there's an idea I'm
on board this is what we're tasked with
in writing the new Fantastic Four Monday
is find a finding a way to to find the
the new angle
I like it okay so she's in it so Ben
Bonita Grimm it was an Instagram model
Jeff sang it should be Kim Kardashian
right yeah well that came Kardashian
type character oh sure sure absolutely
someone is someone who just has no
interest in in anything but looks and
anything but the superficial and those
looks are taken away yeah yeah yeah you
know what I like it and it works
obviously like you got to redo a bit of
the origin story cuz you know why is it
why are they gonna take an Instagram
model into space unless she's not the PO
unless unless that was the gift that's
how they got into space in the first
place I don't need this the big
Fantastic Four right I'm fine with this
being a unique creation and you can you
can come up with an entirely different
origin story right oh I know I know
maybe she's worried about getting old
and she goes in for some kind of like
rejuvenation treatment that goes
horribly wrong okay
so this is just kind of generic rock
superhero right right all right I'm with
it I'm with ya
generic rock superhero Bonita Grimm
the real van since we were briefly
talking about Jonestown when you
remember the restroom
rich the Jonestown cultists actually
killed themselves with cyanide laced
flavor aid the lesson here is that
flavor aid has a far better PR
department than kool-aid all right or it
was cheaper at the local store and so
they said yeah we're gonna kill
ourselves anyway why spend the extra ten
bucks by the way this is the origin of
the phrase don't drink the kool-aid
drink the coin right right oh I hate
when people use that it's like a
positive thing drink the kool-aid you
don't you totally don't get it
you've heard that people use it as a
positive jump right in their drink the
kool-aid you don't get it at all Wow
who uses I've seen this in person like
once really yeah that is shocking
that is shocking rich
yeah unless they are saying unless they
are saying that as an insult it was a
co-worker I had years ago and they did
not know any different
I like I'm thinking like what if they
like if you don't like someone go I
going drink the kool-aid no I can do it
no no it means well obviously not
they were probably using a tie right no
because we had a conversation about it
yeah yeah oh that's too bad
that's too bad some people some people
right
what are you gonna do what are you gonna
do about it
nothing that's the answer and I can do
nothing about it
we need more context rich there's a
conversation I had like 10 or 15 years
ago I don't remember a lot of the
context
I remember being dumbfounded though that
anybody would use that as a positive
that you don't forget that's all the
context you need is someone if someone
said that as an affirmation yeah go
drink the kool-aid you can do it I
believe in you drink that kool-aid
that's not that's not how that phrase
works
anyone know the twitch schedule they
have Wednesdays theorem and Wednesdays
and Sundays Wow
what does Rick know that's which
schedule that we have that's the real
questions Wednesdays and Sunday nights
generally speaking we will start
anywhere between 6 & 8 p.m. sometimes a
little bit early or sometimes a little
bit later but those are the general
rules every once in a while we'll have a
make up stream here or there if we miss
one rarely I'll stream in an off night
it's been a while since you've had just
uh yeah I feel like it there's been a
lot to do it's been a lot to do rich
there's been a whole to do oh yeah are
you have you looked into going on your
Eclipse vacation are you doing it oh
yeah yeah yeah that's great I'm excited
for you stupid bet the stupid bet has
been my killer and it's not looking any
better now
there's not like it's still permit
Everett yeah okay I was watching you do
this fight not too long ago yeah yeah no
I know this bat has killed me a couple
of times now and you can see my dead
body is over there to the right oh
really
yeah oh there we go you pick it up do
you get anything from it
I don't think so well you know what I'll
go check it out you guys close to the
eclipses path of totality not close
which is why I'll probably be away for a
few days close enough right that's
enough to drive there but not in one day
oh you get a free arm if you find your
dead body yeah it's in southern Illinois
all right that's like the closest to us
I think I think yes well that's great
take lots of pictures back of the axis
says I'm with you wanting fairly normal
villains and Batman black mask is a gang
leader who hires Deadshot to help him
take out competition BAM there's your
movie DC don't fuck it up yeah well I'll
be fine just something simple like that
it's gotta be the Joker yeah the Joker
Joker Joker's got to the point where you
can't do the Batman that Joker it's or
it's a letdown can you imagine an Arkham
game without the Joker can you imagine
such a thing I could yes I could and
would probably enjoy it really how would
you have felt about Arkham Knight
without the Joker Wow oh oh I see I see
because he's just that much more
interesting than most of his other
villains okay well here here's what I
will say yeah about the Arkham Knight
and the Joker is thematically that works
very well yes if it was someone else in
that exact same role I think I would've
been okay with it yep mostly because it
was it was
just a very well-written roll the
matically with the Joker it worked out
very well
you have liked the penguin in Batman's
head you tell me that works oh well I've
been like just like if it was like some
random Joe like if it was a random Joe
in in Batman's head fanatically though
that worked very well so it's hard like
the game the game was written around
Joker being in Batman's head so I think
I liked Arkham Knight Joker more than
dark magic well no shit Arkham Knight
Joker was fucking Mark Hamill it was
hands down better than Heath Ledger life
Heath Ledger's Joker but he ain't got
nothing on Mark Hamill's Joker I agree
with rich that's just a that's a no shit
comment up yeah but remember for the
kids rich they know he pledge officials
the kids don't know nothing but Heath
Ledger and to say he that Heath Ledger
isn't the greatest is sacrilege I want
Batman versus regular mobsters that
works fine on the animated series but if
you're doing like something like a movie
or a video game where you don't get many
installments is that the place where you
want Batman fighting I'm throwing this
I'm devil's advocate devil's advocate
away rich is this is like a movie like
all you only get one of those every so
many I guess in the movies it's like
whatever few years now they've kind of
done that but like an Arkham game and I
get one every five years or so or
however long it is well they're doing
they're doing the telltale Batman games
now right yeah well those are games in
in my head if we get a Batman movie that
is just Batman versus some mobsters yeah
that I think he could work I'm playing
I'm playing devil's advocate general the
general audience would they be like
valid that's the question okay that's a
fair question as long
you know what then I like whoever in
chat suggested someone like the hood or
you know like the black mass yeah
whatever right you need I think that's a
fine suggestion you you need a villain
that has some sort of gimmicky thing you
need a villain right right
and if you have enough mobsters for
Batman to do awesome action key Quentin
yes the general population is okay with
it there were some fine Batman the
Animated Series episodes where the
villain is just Rupert thorne the big
mobster in town oh I know and it worked
yeah that was a fine show Jack that was
an amazing show I was gonna say rich I
think it's more than a fine show I think
it was an amazing show yeah this isn't
gonna end well
yep there was an amazing show rich I'm
taking my own bathroom break
take your bathroom break I'm just gonna
be over here sucking at the game that
isn't Magneto helping and I've just
bought it
I haven't I haven't received the cat as
a permanent upgrade yet people did love
the daredevil series and it only had
mobsters in it that's but that was also
a series a television series and not a
movie there are different there are
different expectations in different
mediums and people generally have higher
expectations of movies than they do
Netflix television series Netflix also
got away with it before it had
established itself as the maker of fine
television series so they were able to
take a couple creative risks and I had
Vincent D'Onofrio so you know
and there we go wow they already made a
lady the thing in 1965 in the comics
that's great that's great so we need a
new Batman series not movies maybe well
I think that's it that's an argument
that rich has made several times as far
as spider-man is concerned we're like
remember these comic books it originated
as a regular series not necessarily one
story and so it may it would make sense
to adapt them into series instead of
one-off stories
me personally I would I would love
Batman versus some mobsters just Batman
being a detective and figuring shit out
while battling dudes while battling
dudes and not necessarily things battle
some dudes just some regular old one of
the mill levy Dems
glory unachieved all glory on achieved
that's okay I did not need to achieve
glory there I couldn't achieve glory on
my own I don't need your glory game stop
dancing remember Scarface what just make
a good Batman move if it were only that
easy if it were only that easy remember
you also need the budget for it and so
it needs to be approved by people it
needs to be approved by people and to be
approved by people you need to show that
it is going to make money and you know
then you're not only talking about the
movie but you're talking about the toy
line and you're talking about the the
the theme park ride that you're gonna
spin off of the movie and you're talking
about all of the you know the branding
opportunities the problem the logistical
problem to Batman versus some gangsters
movie is while it would make a really
good movie how do you put those
gangsters on McDonald's cups Rupert
thorne might be a very compelling
villain but a Rupert thorne action
figure is not something that all the
kids are gonna run out to buy moisten
and moistened izing this is the thing a
and so that you know that's why that's
why something like the black mask is a
very fine idea because then you can do
something a little over-the-top with it
and still hopefully cash in on those
merchandising opportunities
Jack doesn't remember Scarface yeah so
talk to me about all the Scarface dolls
well that was that was Scarface big with
the kids that you'll have to remind me
about whether or not that had a big toy
line the Scarface movies
because that's where the studio is
looking to make its money movies come
and go but toy lines ooh toy lines you
can make work toy lines last forever so
we gotta be so we gotta be smart about
this
Jack doesn't watch our alum pity I don't
you guys should know that already I do
not watch red letter media videos not
all the time every once in a while like
I'll watch a half in the bag the only
times that I will watch a half in the
bag is when I've seen the movie and
haven't talked to Jay or Mike about it
because if I've talked to jr. Mike about
it then I don't need to watch a half in
the bag I'll just talk to them about it
but also if I haven't seen the movie I
won't watch the half of the bag so I
have not seen all of our alums videos
I'll watch them all watch them multiple
times they're all fantastic and great oh
yeah yeah my comment earlier was the the
real reason rich what we were talking
about a little bit before that yeah was
the real reason we will never see a
Batman versus some gangsters Batman yeah
is because while Rupert thorne is it
might be a compelling villain it'd be
hard to put him on a McDonald's cup yes
yes the the merchandising opportunities
for a just a regular guy in a suit is
pretty weak agreed and so unfortunately
that just means that we have to deal
with these same cart you know these same
villains but Weiss that's why something
like the black mask could be a decent
compromise as far as you know yeah a
gangster who also we can sell a toy of
Jesus Dick Tracy what about Dick Tracy
if they're trying to say that Dick Tracy
had regular gangsters that movie bombed
one that movie bombed two I think that
what they're trying to say is no that
that was a case where there was just
regular gangsters that they could still
make toys out of and which it bumped in
which I will say those were not regular
gangsters they all had goofy Yemenite
right and that movie fucking bombed hard
and had giant celebrities in it I liked
it at the time but it bombed you know
that'd be a good review
Dick Tracy yeah I haven't seen that in
forever I'd love to you know spy well
here's why I probably won't be a good
review ever who watch it and be like oh
yeah that was terrible well yeah so well
that's why it would be a good review
because then you could go it's terrible
here's why it's terrible but I liked it
as a kid bubble up perfect review
material
there we go
wouldn't Hugo Strange be a better
villain for Batman versus average
criminals Hugo Strange mad scientist hmm
people associate mad scientist villains
with Superman I mean not the worst idea
I'm not sure what does he do he's a
psychologist who he actually imitates
Batman he's obsessed with Batman wants
to be Batman okay
learned a secret identity all right
I forget how so he knows Batman is Bruce
Wayne
okay again really hard to make a toy of
that chat saying hush-hush may
technically be a normal guy but so is
the Joker we're not talking about a
character who was a run-of-the-mill
criminal with hush we're talking about
somebody with a personal grudge and he
wears this bandage thing in his head
yeah it's not quite the same isn't a
hush his only power that he kind of
looks like Bruce Wayne and that his
thing a plastic surgery looked like a
mentally okay
no they're telling check - hush oh
you're incorrigible
you can call us is hey guys hey hey Nico
:
how you doing buddy how's that how's
that - loud coming how's it going rich
is ready for more episodes you let me
just think up your show again I'd be
glad of course he does
anyone would be honored to have you
stink up their show
nice it did doing great
fuck you don't you kill the thing yeah
well listen I thought I thought I
thought I thought son of a bitch
Dick Tracy made 22 million its opening
week uh-huh
time that was probably not the worst
wanted to make it second week
what's the overall box office right
what's it what's the net here you know
how much did it's how much did it cost
to make
Warren Beatty wasn't working for free
160 million total is it was what it took
in yeah is that bad
what I do what did it make early 90s
that's when Batman was raking in like
well yeah right man wrote didn't with
250 million I think
Pizza Train says 46 mils to make 163
million box office and so if you work if
you if are you do our well no no but if
you do our our rule of doubling that's
still 80 million to make and publish and
then 169 that's not bad that's not bad
was it just a critical flop no no I
remember hearing it was a flop but I
could be wrong well is that just box
office or is that taking into account
home video sales
did it find its market at home no this
is a terrible money from 1991 or
whatever it was was very early 90s
although economically speaking the film
was a success
and Disney was impressed by the opening
weekend gross studio chairman Jeffrey
Katzenberg expressed disappointment
really yeah he wanted it to make me more
he suggested that Dick Tracy had cost
about a hundred million in total to
produce market and promote know we made
demands on our time talent and treasure
II that upon reflection may not have
been worth it sure okay
so we could have made more money
elsewhere might have been the moral of
the story while we made 60 million we
could have made more with a different
property what the hell is Dick Tracy
there you go there you go the kids
nowadays rich your ferret was dated when
I came out that's true that's part of
this that was part of the selling point
Nikko Colossus hey guys thanks to loud
going great all six episodes are out
riches in the third and sixth one
waiting to hear if we get more Mike even
emailed me and said he wants to be in it
if we do nice fuckers jealous oh yeah
fucker is jealous is that your own thing
now rich you got your own voice acting
work voice and now Mike needs a piece
that's son of a bitch talk to me a few
weeks crisis what's this I hear about
you being at a cartoon yeah what's
what's that ie boy I email him I emailed
him and I was like hey Mike and Jayde
just a heads up that some rich and I did
oh you know I know you know I emailed to
them the
the game I was like this is stuff that
Richie dude wants in on my action Jay
I'm sorry yeah he's trying to horn in
mic oh that son of a bitch

[Rich reads from Twitch chat comments]

Rich: "Does Mike really believe in ghosts? I'm sure this has been asked, though." If you ask Mike about it, he'll give you wishy-washy answers.

Jack: Why is...this has become a thing lately. Like, why is this a thing?

Rich: Cuz I made fun of him on a "Best of the Worst" episode.

Jack: Did you?

Rich: Yeah!

Jack: For believing in ghosts?

Rich: Yeah!

[Jack laughs]

Rich: It was like, a Colin and Jim episode.

Jack: I don't remember that. That's funny.

Rich: I, I honestly think it's more of a suspension of, uh, disbelief than it is a belief, but...

Jack: Sure, sure. I know he likes the ghost shows. I never, I would never assume that he would actually believe in ghosts.

Rich: He finds the subject interesting.

Jack: Sure.

[Jack concentrates on playing video games]

Rich: Do you remember when we went to the Brumder Mansion?

Jack: Yeah!

Rich: The, the supposedly real haunted house for that one "Best of the Worst" episode.

Jack: Yeah, here in Milwaukee.

Rich: That, that night, he...recorded a EVP, uh, tape.

Jack: Did he?

Rich: Yeah.

Jack: Oh, Mike...

Rich: Drunk out of his mind.

[Jack laughs]

Rich: Everyone but me, drunk out of their mind. So I was the one asking the questions for the ghost to answer, having a little bit of fun with it.

[Rich pretends to talk to a ghost]

Rich: "So what do you think of TV?"

[Jack gets in on the bit]

Jack: "You know, what you're probably, like, really old. Isn't that cool? Like, do you just watch TV?"

Rich: That's what I said! That's what I was doing!

Jack: "And, like, is it, does it really upset you when you like a show, but then whoever is in the house doesn't watch the show that you like?"

Rich: That's, that's what I was, that's effectively the routine I was doing.

Jack: Yeah?

Rich: Yeah. But it wasn't just routine. Like, if there is a ghost, that's the kind of question I would ask a ghost.

Jack: Yeah, yeah.

Rich: "What do you think of TV?"

Jack: Yeah! I mean, if you think about it, really old ghosts, like..."You see these cars out here? What do you think of that? That's pretty cool, right?"

[Rich goes back to reading chat]

Rich: "Release the EVP." Oh, shockingly, very shockingly, I don't believe there was anything on the tape.

Jack: What.

[Rich laughs]

Rich: So...

Jack: What...

[Jack reads from chat]

Jack: "I'll make Mike's character too loud, the kid that gets bullied by your character. Finally, some sweet justice." Of course, Niko, anything. Yeah, I'll be in your cartoon, too. Don't worry. That's great. I love it that he recorded a ghost...a ghost thing.

[Rich responds to chat]

Rich: No, Mike has never claimed to have seen a ghost. Like I said, I think if you really pressed him on it, you would find out that it's more of a suspension of dis-, of disbelief, than it is a belief.

Jack: Sure.

Rich: Mike is just...too reasonable. I can't, I can't believe that he's an actual true, true believer...

Jack: Uh, I, yeah...

Rich: ...as much as he just finds the subject interesting.

Jack: Right. And, and, you know, like, being, being someone who's so into film and filmmaking, there's probably, like, just a lot of stuff that he can't suspend his disbelief for, and so this type of reality show, he's like, "Uh, okay, I can..." He can be with it at least. You know, that's nice. It's nice that he can find something that he enjoys.

who
checked your watch fine sauce I don't
we're on the show ones no sometimes if
you watch fine sauce I don't even know
what type of show vine sauce does I'm
sorry this game related stuff I am so
sorry I I'm no I'm sure like here here's
how it generally works when someone asks
us to do an interview or a podcast yeah
I will check out other stuff they have
done and as long as they haven't done
anything that I morally object to I'll
just say okay I fine we'll do it
you know if if they're if they're
running like the Nazi casts no thanks
we're good
but if yes so like I probably like looks
back and like oh yeah he just talks
about video games will be on the show
that's fine so there there's not many
especially gaming shows it's not @m any
gaming shows that I watch because I
don't want I don't want my opinions to
be tainted by someone else's I know he's
a big fan I I got against mine sauce I
got nothing against him don't don't take
my indifference as as contempt we were
he had us on the show it's a great show
I thought it we did a fine interview
everything was great
we'd go on again
have you been asked to be on a white
supremacist show Jack I don't believe I
have that would you know what that was a
slightly topical example no I don't
believe I have ever been but now I got
to think about it oh I suck rich this
game does feel more complete I'll tell
you what oh that reminds me someone
emailed me recently wanting to know if
if I would be on their podcast yeah I
need to get back to them because I
listen to a podcast and they seem to be
talking about normal whatever having
that game grumps thing I don't think
that's a thing nothing what's new or is
it super best friends one of them right
mother's come up alright alright maybe
the super best friends one of them I
thought you said something about wanting
to do an interview or something
maybe uh-oh best friend two best friends
play that might have a net I think we
had a Twitter back and forth okay I
think that we we had a Twitter back and
forth with one of the two best friends
play and and I said hey yeah you know
like someone was like hey previously
record and they're like hey I like red
let him eat in and I was like Richard
I'll be on the show just get a hold of
me here and they never did okay okay I
think that was it that's my general line
for someone has email me and if they
don't then I don't I don't follow up is
something you should know about me rich
and scheduling interviews I don't follow
up
right this bad again Doug Lee fighting
the battle on don't they bury it up they
do
I've also died a lot okay as I am NOT
playing very well right now how are you
feeling about the final form of this
game jack
it feels very similar to the other forms
of this game and that is not necessarily
a negative it's not necessarily shocking
either right a good variety in levels
I'm okay with it
overall I'm okay with it
I'll allow it
I'll allow it it's awful it's fine it's
fine
yes I'm I'm aware that Justin Rowland's
in our love family Oh who's Justin
Roland reckon Maury oh okay
both Rick and Morty he oh he does the
voice he's both Rick and I'm writer and
greater oh oh okay cool that's neat
that's great
yeah tell them to get rich on the show
I I don't think I would be asked to be a
Rick and Morty character unless she was
just alien the in the background going
yeah that's probably the most they would
let me do still right right
still do it that's fun that's something
that's fun like you're the ear the alien
that dies and you have to go yeah that
would that'll be your own Daniel Craig
moment Daniel Craig in Star Wars moment
the great
but what
mama says are you interested in Good
Omens the TV series that was announced
based on the great novel from Neil
Gaiman and Terry Pratchett David Tennant
is starring high hopes since American
Gods was awesome I still have not seen
American Gods I do enjoy David Tennant
in general as an actor
did you enjoy him in ducktales I didn't
feedback oh and you know what well you
know what I've heard about ducktales so
far I'm just teasing your job I do I
love him in broadchurch I'll tell you
what that's a great show
fuck you penguin
nope nope
Chad I like the new DuckTales I'm not
I'm not at loved it yet we'll see what
further episode it's the beginning of a
new relation right right let rich you
know discover me let me digest it yeah
sometimes it takes a little time you
know if your relationships are work okay
like DuckTales has to put in a little
something rich s to put in a little
something speaking of new season of what
hat American summer continues to be
incredibly funny good I'm good I'm
really enjoying it some good stuff some
good bits there they lost me a little
bit on this on this latest batch of
episodes and then they brought me right
back again as happens with just about
any David Wain production yeah they'll
take you on a journey were you a fan of
the original ducktales rich very much so
maybe you don't know rich but you seeing
that ducktales song and quite often
yeah yeah nice got a lot of just like
basic attack strength of Scrooge was
just such an interesting protagonist
rich old slightly slightly crotchety
dark I just can't I can't I can't be
with you I didn't give any fuck about
the nephews right and given any fucks at
all about them mmm-hmm
I mean I just don't I don't understand
it I don't get it but I'm glad that you
have something in your life that you
enjoy so you know good for you
I don't I don't get it it's a cartoon
about a duck that swims in a big pile of
money but you know but it's it's so
different for protagonist though I mean
swims in a pile of their own money Jack
yeah I don't see every day
yeah hey you know he earned that money
Jack he earned that money
did he every dime I heard it's Karen did
square jack I'm not as a I'm not as up
to date on the back story of duck tales
as you are I will admit that freely
started from nothing yet dime he had a
dime jack one single dime is lucky
diamond but he held on to his whole life
okay all right I'm with you
dimes at the same time that magic of
de-spell wants what she thinks she could
make a powerful spell out of the the
first dime earned by the richest duck in
the world she wants to make it down melt
it down and turn it into an amulet I
don't have none of that focus it's this
fucking lucky dime and he wants it right
right all right no right I get you I'm
with you I understand I can't wait till
they pull out lucky dime in the show
Jack waiting for the lucky dime they
have not pulled out the line I'm not
even kidding I'm legitimately waiting
for them to dig out that I'm just happy
that you're so excited about something
really it's rare to see you get worked
up about something you know
do you like darkwing duck rich no you're
not a fan of never I've never watched
darkwing duck you never watched Dirk
Bogarde
what about tailspin no with Baloo the
bear no I don't give a fuck about
tailspin yeah fuck about Baloo what
about Chippendale round Rangers what was
this on the same universe
no arguably Darkwing Duck might be in
the same universe as duck tales of the
Ducks yeah I think we're just rolled my
eyes at not knowing the difference
between fictional ducks like which I you
know I'm proud of you rich for for
rolling your eyes
in that fashion I did not for the record
I did not let's take you seeing things
at the corner hey guys as someone take a
look back at the tape I I said that
darkwing duck needed to be connected to
scrooge mcduck because they're both
ducks and i think rich just rolled his
eyes at me it's like if someone said
well like and they're all comic books it
doesn't matter
I can be Swift
DCC you duck centered cinematic universe
here's here's what I think I've had
thoughts on this the on a duck centered
cinematic Marvel is now owned by Disney
correct the Marvel Cinematic Universe
movies they're all Disney works yes
ducktales obviously is owned by Disney
Marvel has within it a character called
Howard the Duck alright you could very
easily do a ducktales Marvel crossover
via Howard the Duck okay it's all right
there if the I think if they were so
inclined yes they could do a a Howard
the Duck Duck tales
spider-man crossover or whatever you
know to get the sales numbers up right
oh yeah no one's watching the ducktales
reboot I put fucking Captain America in
there Darkwing would make more sense not
at all because Howard the Duck is
already a thing in the Marvel Universe
didn't they try to really do a fan
remake of the darkwing duck that's a
cartoon with the original voice actors
and it failed or something for what for
Howard for darkwing duck oh I don't know
I didn't watch circling that's the
dumbest thing I've ever heard
obviously I'm having fun with this I
don't think this is something they're
actually going to do I'm just pointing
out that you could do it
rich moral the story yeah stop having
fun with it
how do I know I know we've had a lot of
fun with you know figuring out a rock
the the thing as a woman talking about
Batman villain he's a dream casting just
stop it but you know now you're talking
about ducks and you've gone too far
they will joke about Howard the Duck I'm
actually fond of the original comics
yeah yeah I've never read them I know
very little about Howard the Duck
outside of the movement very subversive
for their time okay yeah give me an
example surd the villain um the first
one is a kind of like an accountant
wizard who wants the cosmic calculator
to take over the world and he he wrecks
a tower of credit cards in the middle of
Cincinnati's chuckle high river which he
is defeated when the river catches on
fire from all over the pollution what
yeah
that sounds insane yes that's great it's
absurd and also there's some like
commentary mixed in like the blue to
dripper touching on fire yeah which is
something that happened in real life
really yeah there's a river the Cheka
Holly I'm might be pronouncing it wrong
yeah chuckle yeah I think river that
caught on fire little shit
so it's a little bit of a sir dismiss
with a little bit of political
commentary fix with some angst sure all
right
call yeah hold up Khoya hoga hoga okay
I'm sorry I didn't remember this name
with this river that I don't live near
how dare you it's in Cleveland Cleveland
Ohio I said in Ohio what do you want
from me
Cleveland I was in Cleveland Ontario
obviously baddest a job yeah
yeah it was the movie that turned Howard
to shit
but there was a reason they made that
movie in the first place because the
actual comics was based on work a little
bit interesting hmm
I got a rewatch that movie it has been
just so long not like I think it'll be
like a good movie but you know it's been
a it's been a while since I've seen
Howard it's been long enough since I've
seen Howard the Duck that I think I
might want to see how are the duck
we've tried like three times you do a
commentary track on it it has never
worked it just too strange too bad yeah
- not bad enough all those things
Hardin says hey again do you guys ever
do that thing you play a new level of a
game and do amazing the first time
through and then you suck trying to do
that same level over and over again once
or twice not really it's not a common
thing with me play a new level and do
really well and then suck after that I
can doesn't Howard the Duck travel sis
for different universes and timelines in
the comics now he Howard the Duck came
to the Marvel Universe through the all
guy what's it called it's got a name
it's some kind of like dimensional
crossword roads where all of the
different dimensions intersect and
various things from different universes
have come into the Marvel Universe
through it Oh riff what's it called
the Nexus of realities that might be it
hmm that's a good name yeah
if some first purse was in a swamp thing
comic book oh yeah yeah I like Swamp
Thing who like defends the Nexus of all
realities yeah he was uh he was a
one-off joke that just kept going Howard
the Duck I like that better
well that's great good for Howard I've
always felt like I should read Swamp
Thing for no particular reason but I've
just I've never understood why I crap
myself yeah I said Swamp Thing it's Man
Thing man fingers rivals Swamp Thing
yeah basically but swamp monster yeah
kind of a book about a swamp monster
I've just never understood why either of
those were books in the first place and
so I feel like I should read them I feel
I feel like almost nerd obligated to
read them like I don't understand them
in the slightest
crocodile brain since guys when is the
next Jesus Christ shut up stream
recently aside from Jack killing or
running away from his teammates in pub
g7 kept guests is the best including
Rich's ragequit is gold
thanks I'm not a good candidate for one
for one thing that's not a good
candidate for another thing everyone
always bitches about those streams yeah
so I think actually we've we've trained
you really well to stop bitching about
games you want us to play oh fuck I
don't I don't buy some sweet upgrades
huff harden says rich the new DuckTales
had references to spell to tailspin
Darkwing Duck and Goofy
so they'd all be in the same universe
this time around and goof troop that's
whatever because I honestly don't care
about any of those other shows goof
troop gave Lee says do you guys like
cheesy 70s martial arts movies I'm about
to send one to you that because if it's
cynical and exploitive nature the
silliest fuck is worst of the worst
material mmm and Mister hush I do I
really enjoy old kung fu movies I
haven't seen many more so not in
particular for me no not in the guts um
I I love how serious they are and of
course it's just like you know it's it's
45 minutes of the most boring talking
you'll ever see and then ten minutes of
an amazing action sequence
XCOM to war the chosen comes out in two
weeks I'll get around to it when I get
around to him yeah I'm in no rush
yeah yeah rich get out two weeks
I'm done playing you're done come on
beat citrate 11 says I'm caught up after
this alright you can turn this off pizza
tray 11 says can you gender swap the
Joker
Karen Gillian said recently she would
love to play a gender swap Joker I like
it
thoughts Karen Karen Karen Gillan is
great Gillan oh I'm sorry
that's alright ah she played um you
would probably only know her she played
and she played nebula and guardians of
the galaxy another blue one yeah okay
here's what I'll say anything can be
anything I don't think she would be the
I don't think she would be a good fit
for the Joker okay
I love I enjoy her as an actress but I
don't think she would
do a good Joker don't know her well
enough to have any thoughts on this she
I only know her as nebulae right right
well and then you know I know her
because for for a couple seasons she was
the doctors companion oh and she was a
great companion but I actually don't
think she has the range to get like
manic like Joker does yeah you know you
can gender swap anything right I guess
right gender gender swap Batman well
that's what Batgirl is and bat woman
this there's already that she wouldn't I
don't think she would be a good Joker
I think if okay if we're gender swapping
Joker that's it's so tough for me
because like even if we're talking about
like let's cast Joker everything is just
like Mark Hamill
I guess Harley Quinn could still be
called Harley Quinn she's got just a bit
like a a big buff dude yeah Harley come
here what is it what is it miss J Oh Oh
miss J who could be it could who could
be a good tilda swinton bitch she's kind
of one of those she can do anything sure
Charlie give me a dude's name too yeah
he'll one of the famous old-timey
wrestlers her Harley Race all right
I'm trying trying legitimate ly trying
to think of like who plays a good crazy
rich who plays a good crazy who's a girl
that plays a good crazy crazy but then
it also can reel it in Winona Ryder
that's not bad that's not bad at all
Kristen Schaal no Kristen shell doesn't
have the she doesn't have the depth
she's great Kristen Chell is great
Charlize Theron Charlize Theron points
all points taken away only because she
can also do anything but yes she would
be a great Joker but she can do anything
you're right you're right chat you're
absolutely right Charlize Theron that
actor that plays the mom from stranger
things
so Winona Ryder that's Winona Ryder and
I agree with Ritchie would make she
would make a good Joker she would make a
fine Joker um uh if you're gonna put a
slightly different spin on it I would
suggest I would suggest ah brie Plaza
okay she did an amazing job in Legion as
a mental health patient as a crazy and
she could pull off a very interesting
Joker
Aubrey Plaza just like Tina Fey maybe
maybe maybe right there's so many ways
you could play it right there's so many
ways you can play yeah I'm just trying
to see her threatening is the thing well
but that's kind of Joker's thing right
is he's not necessarily threatened can
be though but it can be right yeah
Roseanne Barr I don't know I've never
seen Kristen Wigg like Kristen Wiig
could handle the crazy but I've never
seen her in a threatening role I've
never seen her in a dramatic role maybe
Christina Ricci you-you-you you need
somebody who'd turn on a dime they're
wacky one moment and then the next
moment they're there shoving a knife
through somebody's eye socket right they
need to be able to do both yeah
someone is someone's mentioning um Emma
Stone okay she's she has decent dramatic
chops that's what I'm saying bgv live I
think Aubrey Plaza could pull off really
well you know she has her own thing
which means you have to write it
specifically for her but she could pull
off that that crazy light-hearted turn
around and stab you in the face thing I
think Aubrey could pull it off really
well
christina ricci that's what they're
saying I saw that that's all she has a
good look for it um she's a really good
look for it I'd like that like that but
I'm too old for it now but what's her
what's her face from splashed Blade
Runner denna Harold Oh Darryl hey girl
head up Darryl Hannah that's a Harrow
Hannah back in the day back in the day
Daryl Hannah would have been an awesome
Joker nice nice
excellent
mm I don't think Elizabeth Banks could
pull off the dramatic role the dramatic
side of it I like that you know what
we've come up with some fine options
here buddy
congratulations we've officially we've
done it we've gender swap the Joker Sean
Young - yeah Kate Mulgrew no Kate
Mulgrew be my bad girl she'd be my
gender swap Batman Janeway
Janeway back in the day Janeway wager
era Janeway she's that woman absolutely
absolutely
Kate Malloy's you're Kate Mulgrew could
absolutely be Bruce Ito Wayne
Angelica Houston which for which I don't
you guys keep saying Laura Dern and I'm
saying that's not a bad thought Laura
Dern could pull it off
Laura Dern could pull it off all right
let's bring up the watcher watcher all
right now is the time during the stream
why does Jack keep making the gender
swap this is a chat question I just
thought it was this is a tip I thought
that was an interesting topic to go to
Dreamcast because we were talking about
it earlier yeah we got a tip asking what
we thought about a gender swap Joker he
answered the question I'm sorry I by the
way came up with some pretty good ideas
give us a call Hollywood all right now
is the time of the stream in which we
thank all the people who have subscribed
to us during this very stream much like
Justin hormann for 39 motherfucking
months in a row and Justin Harmon says
not sticking around just wanted to say
hi hi the person not here now maybe
you'll listen later I don't know crusher
of cities got sniffed this miked its
might that's six mind just because it
sounds funnier got Smythe all right
midnight Andy for 22 fucking months in a
row Nathan B films the blue prism says
hi Jack hi rich detective Frank is shark
Euler's number for 13 months in a row
general Gore says rich I purchased a
steel steel series 500 Mouse the one
with the lockable
buttons and love it so fucking happy to
have my PS move Chuck and a mouse with
so many buttons discovering the mouse
wheel has left and right was fucking my
own yeah it's a great mouse though you
mean the wheel can tilt let me write
that's awesome
oh no I kind of want one you might smile
at my lot of mice do that yeah here's
mine
you can oh like this one you got to yeah
what you can tilt this mouse left and
you're supposed to use it for like
forward and back I'm like the browser
yeah that's what it's I think that's
what the default programming is for
tobacco I'd be a great tilt yeah baby
great lean that be a great lean oh man
there you go laughs nose 13:13 says it's
one three thirteen but who the fuck
cares Reb knows one 313 like I'm
supposed to fucking know that birch and
blur says two months isn't an
anniversary you know fuck it from now on
your red nose 1313 that's your new name
jackass or what's it what's 1/3 in emoji
is that like cat mouse your deal you are
now ravenous cat mouth cat mouth that's
your new name sir thank you sir donkey
the flail sir how would you read that
I'm trying to figure that out
sir dankey though of whale sir dank the
yeah there's no even though there's no
this off well the of whale thought well
sir Deng cthe sir Deng cthe of whale
that's they're saying in the chat sir
zdenka Thoth well I figured it out
okay so diggeth of will capital letters
Kevin water is very important when you
want to differentiate where different
words begin and end
you know who used capital letters a turd
smuggler 44 I can clearly read where the
two words are interred smuggler 44 who
says technically been watching prereqs
since you first started the RL and RL M
since the Phantom Menace review but only
now started subscribing keep up the good
work and thanks for giving me some great
content and listen and relax too after
work and on the weekends welcome a
horrible glory slash s for thirty three
fucking months in a row since where does
the time go
no seriously I have a short-term memory
problem please help me you're like that
Dana Carvey movie blank slate Jarl
ballin swagger turned smuggling says
thanks for all the entertainment you
fucks
how many smugglers do we have well
that's that was there was turd burglar I
want to say it was turned burger no that
wasn't ugly somebody turned smugglers to
turd smugglers I just I just love that
you fucks as a term of endearment that
makes me happy bruiser Inc glass uncle
I like Wharf uncle yak or fuck is a fine
name
Jay Jay cheek ur for 19 months in a row
says the world may have gone to shit but
at least we have you we have two of the
best hack frauds to keep us entertained
until the asteroid comes we'll do our
very best ddr streak deidre please
mister glitch says hi guys hope your
summers going well yeah you know I'd say
this it is kinda it's coming to an end
coming to an end soon the summer excuse
me which will be great for me because
then my kids will go back to school and
I'll have way more free time during
it's gonna be great mad shot seven eight
nine dark matter for 25 fucking months
in a row says it's 5-squared time can
you tell I'm a math geek 5 squared 25 I
get it
geez matza says are you able to get more
emotes I I am and you know what I'm
gonna get some emotes back this week I
have a deadline coming up with a project
I'm working on so I've been a little
preoccupied with some work stuff some
work stuff that has not been very fun
so I will get two emotes next week and
we'll get some fresh emotes I'll talk to
rich well we'll get some some cool new
iman's for everyone I swear I'm covering
my nose what do you want out of it what
what do you want out of me
rapping Wow capping nice Clem Fandango
emcee Lucas for 38 motherfucking months
in a row says I'm think you should run
the gender swap idea by Mike and Jay for
a best of the worst episode it would
just be good optics in current year of
2017 you know on that note who would
play the female versions of you all Oh
like like like like a gender swap the
best of the worst episode okay not
invest of the worst where we watch
gender swap yeah yeah
what's a who's the fat Ghostbuster most
of us McCarthy okay and I'll take tilda
swinton from Doctor Strange because
she'll have the same haircut as me a
crocodile brain for thirty four fucking
months in a row says oh hi 34 months
well I've tipped twice tonight so I
won't have much to say tonight except to
see how long a subscriber message I can
leave is anyway I hope you guys have a
great night again which way should I go
now
all right which way should I go now
laboum helm lives evil lord david says
hey guys david here for 10 months in a
row miss the whole stream but i hope it
was good love you both a lot thank you
David
Naru Ben Tom TB a says rocket League
with Lucy oh isn't this seven months
they've made that a permanent thing
Lucille Ball what is it
for overwatch one of them huh one of the
characters in overwatch has a gun that
can push people back yeah and so they
they had this little mini game that was
a one-off video game where it was soccer
with the character but now it's come
back as like a major like a main thing
that you can play you know watch anytime
it's soccer oh but it's not in rocket
League it's an overwatch okay okay which
is rocket League with Lucy oh it's
basically rocket League with the
character from overwatch
because they're playing soccer cuz
rocket League is soccer with cars this
is soccer with loose so he could have
just said soccer with Lucy oh but he
said rocket League with Lucy Oh which
made no fucking sense
