Dec 27, 2017
Ghostbusters: The Video Game, Friday the 13th: The Game
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/213173589
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/213175171
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N0sYKNpCEY4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ybrIApVOahE
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/946131182558756864

[Part I]
Oh slightly you can't hide behind that
good that's it buddy you've got a little
monster breathing hard grab this before
I forgot about that
my plate last time
now
you'll be able to put his sorry creator
of a breath into the truck
no problem perfect see that's a big WOW
I don't teach that pitiful goop sack to
slime
paving and by extension II perhaps the
place sitting disturbed still pretty
much ready full go for the Rodriguez
blowout ballroom
did you see the reveal Cooper Jason and
the Jason X map for 5:15 no I did not
seems to be your problem thanks to me I
figure they're gonna pull that out of
there but sooner or later recruit here
the festivities can now proceed in an
entirely ghost-free environment so
you're welcome and to the Rodriguez hola
hi I'm from the ghost busters nice of
you guys to join us you grab the little
spud ray we need to have a heart to blob
talk with this health robots are a bit
of a disappointment kidding that's under
mark that's that's exactly what I was
expecting for their single-player
content play look let the nice thing
about the Friday the 13th single-player
BOTS as dumb as they may be is just
getting to do the fun Jason kills and
that's that's fine that's what I expect
nice screaming
look at that trap lousy ghosts
yes
all right again when I was younger
thank Minh used to be my favorite but
now that I'm older
like like rainy gone more
why try it again
that wasn't such a sure now was it nice
no he's a straight man but I love
Winston so much I'm not all alike and
Winston I never said I disliked
Winston's character no need to worry sir
as you know the mayor Road to office on
a strictly Pro Ghostbusters platform we
now invoice the city directly for all
captures and eliminations and unhaunted
New York is a tourist friendly New York
no but damage the mayor in the city have
taken out an extensive insurance policy
as well so you're covered honestly I'm
sensing some hostility here perhaps we
should just leave the ghost here
that's where you would prefer sir fill
this game one does a great deal of
camaraderie count discrete god this
Russian is our prefer loitering that the
cartoon crater would Slimer is a friend
and Ally ah I suppose we should go after
him unless you want to discuss it first
Slimer was was on the and the cartoons
I'm it was on the border of being an
entertainer German on the border
certainly by the time they did the
Slimer cartoon-like on his own he was he
was in full scrappydew territory the
Slimer solo adventures
registered you see the new design of the
millennium why do you care about this
stupid movie
yeah they redesigned the Falcon so they
could sell the toys or maybe they just
felt like doing it it doesn't really
matter
what if we did I know I'm spoke I know
I'm supposed to go the other I just
don't forget about this thing
this section here is actually probably a
pretty decent candidate for me dying if
I died this early I'll probably just
restart
these guys knocked me down there's none
of the other ghostbusters around to pick
me up
let's do some upgrading
shit
what
I think I survived where's jack he went
to do holiday stuff he may never return
he'll be back
I didn't - masseter wish I wish the
Dodge were a bit more responsive than
this I had a complaint that would be
Eddie
good work you all did enrich finish this
game earlier but now I'm trying to do it
without dying might really be the right
person for this job yes you have
destroyed a significant section of a
five-star New York hotel in just under
three hours your mother and I are so
proud play Gears of War it's like this
but better controls and no jokes well it
it doesn't have better controls because
you can't play it with a mouse
some type of lighting focused at the
market animator to be what you familiar
objects which selfless and materially
manifest strange
the latest gears came out on Windows but
the latest gears is too boring
really lame enemies in the new year
the whole long section we're fighting
the drones and gears for pure ass pure
ass
only trap
forks whine at me but when knives and
forks become a big angry giant that's
really me not liking it a lot happens
every day right anybody here from said
amore but first I was I either but we
had to make do with this new specimen
here
turbo Jesus 5,000 you might add about
her earlier this game is not on Steam
anymore but I have not tested this
supposedly I have read you can still buy
a digital version of this game for the
PC on gamestop on their website on
GameStop's website especially you can
still redeem that on Steam but the key
they give you so you might still be able
to buy this game and stop it that cheap
confection rape weren't you gonna finish
up the install of the super slammer
today and exciting I mean against the
minions of God I have not tested if this
works maybe on Travis maybe you can
download it but you can't get a nun
Steam and it's a weird version that
doesn't work I don't I don't know
anything about that guys don't know I'm
just read this as a thing who can do
what are we the FDA will have to clear a
path through this mess first
yet booming this residue is animating
Geordie help us stay up to somehow
hatching these many minions for
themselves
well there's paranormal physiology for
you
rich supply of the next voice actor of
Mickey Mouse
Cooper swept thro obligation capture the
slammer
you can relinquish
I'd read it in when you were alive
you're worse
No
what's it
this particular ghosts are very
dangerous
you're only encouraging them Faceman we
need to have a talk about holler oh god
I so should have dodged that
Oh
f13 I'll play Friday the 13th forbid if
I'd died in this is that it's not too
late
sad mark hamill mark hamill was a man
who was worried about his legacy he was
Luke Skywalker in the best movie he ever
made and I'm sure he's terribly worried
about the poor reception of the last
Jedi has gotten amongst many of the fans
that's the Star Wars that that's what
he's gonna be fuckin were known for
forever and I was in the seminary goes
he doesn't want to sully that what
I'm
Tim lousy hobo ghosts
can't lose Winston
yeah
if I'd died which came in like at a
switch - you're assuming a lot further
2772 six I'm back after my sabbatical
hello everyone we need to find a witch's
mess get anything good for Christmas I
got stabbed and also got a new headset
and keyboard really I got I got some
Super Mario Brothers one fridge magnets
nobody knows what the hell to get me for
Christmas
apparently I'm really hard to shop for
AJ pimp souls is hey rich glad to see
you streaming once more before the end
of the year the other day you said
Elle's best of the worst was your
favorite what's your favorite random
arlynn vid fiction vid been hurt and
yeah hurt do we call that video Ben
wrote another way you talkin about
etc it's probably still the oldest one
look a lot of it was because I was there
and I remember how fun it was having
that discussion so I'm biased but I
still gotta give it to who's the old
Santa Claus National Lampoon's Christmas
vacation to video that's a sabbatical
it's like a vacation like a long
vacation
100% of the event and I will 100% need
that I said way back nicely done
great job kid yeah combustible gasoline
it's the future Egon once again on the
super slammer I before it's a prototype
Peter you recall the memo from you about
getting too many memos on prototypes
well I did right there we mounted a high
expansion rapid cycle multiple post
absorber it's faster and larger than
okay okay potentially but our exposure
to interdimensional deities has been
only marginal today so it would be wise
to anticipate some error
we should type elephants somebody needs
to go
I got places to go people to me we get
out of here
Hindenburg opera wasn't that show shut
down when the stage caught fire and
killed the cast I didn't really like the
low speed and chase in the space but I
like the movie overall alright I didn't
particularly love the movie overall but
I don't I don't understand what's
inherently so bad about the the slow
space chase plot oh my God we're gonna
run out of gas that's that's a very real
threat and making them run out of gas
was a valid military tactic black slime
black slime is a hazardous form of
ectoplasmic residue toxic to both body
and soul characters whirring a lot of
fuel when a Star Wars movie is beard
yeah weird and boots sufficient enough
to insulate against the Star Wars is a
shitty universe and when you would try
to apply logic to it it falls apart
the first order could have just warped
ahead of them and cut them off yeah but
they didn't have to in fact in family
warping ahead to cut them off okay if if
the first order worked a few ships I had
to cut them off they would have they
would have forced a battle to happen and
that might have incurred some losses on
the new orders part but if they just
hang back and let them run out of fuel
they just pick them off when they're
sitting there like like big ducks they
don't they don't lose any Thai fighters
they don't risk losing a big capital
ship and an engagement the first order
strategy there made sense
that's not defending the movie I didn't
really like the movie that much but I
will defend their tactics in that
particular situation
you want it back Peter you better take
what's that supposed to mean I'm a
chubby chaser take out one month girl a
blind date
like of personalities and you guys
just did a service to humanity kids
Hindenburg's a turrible
doesn't this game suck major balls no
this game is great
kyla was already done more than Vader
ever could well yeah but the ending of
the last Jedi when he stopped everything
he was doing to attack Luke when
everything he had made him look like the
biggest idiot in the world in into the
galaxy so now your villain for the last
movie of the trilogy is the biggest
idiot in the galaxy in the end of at the
end of the film the last Jedi did kylo
Ren no favors and we all right support
looks like it's me and you let's go
across Times Square and get into the
building Stay Puft is so interested in
you guys I don't even know what the
stories are I'm not hanging out at like
Star Wars forums or something to hear
kylo Ren memes
keep away from those feet he'll stop you
into jelly
Lozano loosen them up
do the trick
nice boson that really dindim great job
now see if he wants more
here he comes
you say something movers stick close to
me and as far away from him as you can
gotta distract them
thank when are you getting coffee
Beckman's getting coffee
Bulls on guards
with boson guards
that's right whoops
there's our weigh-in break for it
ghostbusters just a level-five platform
cross rip the professionals are here
everybody calm weird the idea of a giant
marshmallow man come from dan aykroyd
brain it's a terribly weird place come
on we've got to get to the top floors
which is playing ghostbusters again yes
sorry to disappoint you but not really
that sorry I'm playing I'm playing with
a mission
let's stay in for lunch you said 5:00 in
the building you said it'll be quiet you
said you know you're fine you're right I
secretly knew our lives would be in
danger and thought hey I'll make sure I
trap mark with me inside an elevator
stay with me Hoss I'm sure there's more
fun up ahead
oh no sudden movements these are the
Rando guy and this is the
player-character the the nameless fifth
Ghostbuster who doesn't say anything and
keeps quiet and stays out of the way
while the cast you like does their thing
it lets you participate while also just
being the audience it's fine moving the
fifth nameless Ghostbuster it was a wise
choice
working overtime generating these little
treats
alright busting makes me feel good
someone needs a Ghostbuster
Beckmann come in please pandamonium up
here chunks of the building missing
everywhere you are required at the site
now did I mention there's a
spectacularly beautiful lady in distress
easy now mister just relax no sudden
movements you're perfectly safe now
Wow check it out kid what a few huh
Manhattan I love it
nothing to worry about folks what would
happen if the ghostbusters cross streams
against Godzilla this radiation atomic
breath the atomic breath would probably
still incinerate them you're fine
you didn't spill your coffee did you
Peter ray I got coffee for all of us but
the little monster spilled it
and what's the story with those things
anyway they're cool to see you speedrun
transformers devastation on the street I
can also fall asleep on stream it just
maybe would you like to take the most
direct route out of here or the scenic
route it's lady's choice
there's a stairwell over here that game
is the definition of minimal effort yeah
grace under pressure I appreciate that
in a lady okay slugger lets you and me
do this quick and quiet before tubby
soft squeeze up there figures out what
we're up to squeeze his dog ears ray
well it was a good plan for a second
okay
let's think what did people do before
stairs
was it ladders or just jumping from
watch Stay Puft spotted us
wait well--that's come on let's go
why does this game literally ten hours
long because that's how long the game is
I'm not not quite sure what you're
planning about or if that's even a
complain there that's just a weird
statement
cry haunting that box for a while hey
over here
we
all right you're gonna first fucking
oh you prick
Wow
what
strong signal
do I think I would be playing the
upcoming spider-man ps4 game I might
have to certainly not looking forward to
it
that's how you do it great job I'm
expecting a lot of scripted
hey rain Saints reading
size of your finger knock you off the
side of the 30-story building you had to
climb all the way back up
how mad would you be at those three
though thinking I'd go with mighty
pissed Rowena shoot that giant blue and
white toy man thing or whatever is still
coming it's climbing the building
I'm impressed with his agility
considering his complete
Hey did somebody tell you was breaking
no sweat kid we've got you about logic
down did you save to get back off mister
sweetie
I'll write there sunshine are you okay
you're all strapped in we've got a good
tight trim on your belt here he comes
many generate from 200,000 square feet
of solid marshmallow
hold on dogs should do the trick
does that least upset look what do you
think is the whole game Marshmallow Man
no just the sequence
stop up with your boson darts
got him on the ropes watcher
easy easy
oh that just them that fancy name the
game you could do up a little surge that
goes to the proton stream does a a
little bit of explosive damage he's that
you're driving through I'm assuming Dan
Akroyd named it for Red Dead Redemption
- I haven't seen that much of it yet so
we'll see I've seen one trailer for all
I can say about red redemption - Red
Dead Redemption - is so far who I assume
is the protagonist looks like kind of an
asshole I'll probably miss John Marston
but we'll see it says dear mr. Richard
Evans
what would Picard do if the enterprise
accidentally tunneled into the Star Wars
universe what would his methods be of
both survival and communication it would
probably handle it in a in a logical
manner but I I might have there's
probably been a number of different
people who've done videos on this but I
saw one person who actually they're
really a really good hypothetical
Starfleet versus the the Empire here's a
video what if the wormhole from deep
space 9 opened up to the Star Wars
universe and it was actually well
thought out and not just fanboy
masturbation it actually probably would
have made a good story I like I said
that can be misleading this is probably
like 80 different videos like what
happened but I saw one specific one I'll
have the track down which one it was
that I thought was really well thought
out
well thought out yes it was well thought
out fanboy masturbation then I thought
hypothetically would have made a good
like a good season of deep space 9 a
good story and the Star Wars universe
well you know none of the Star Wars fans
that gentleman was all me and I can
assure you it was not an oversight oh by
the way you have visitors thanks Jeanie
your first class look out Walter Peck I
did not recognize you without the
mayor's backs I detest fear knows
well not everything from Star Trek is
better than Star Wars just look at the
TNG films as an example well that's
certainly true look I will still say
that Empire Strikes Back is one of the
best films ever made
I just think Star Wars should have
stopped after Return of the Jedi
those are manifested in a familiar form
one he had used before the Stay Puft
Marshmallow Man but this event was
weaker than his first encounter with us
or he'll versus Star Wars I would I
would I would gladly trade all future
Star Wars movies every single one they
might make in the future for another
season of the Orval your business get
some county and state work I like the
movies I just think the universe is crap
I don't need to the Star Wars universe
peacock pea COC paranormal contracts
Mike and Jay will make you see them
anyway that's true there's going to be
suspending you clowns
lighten up pack launch your
investigation if you have to but for now
just keep them under control and my
office in the loop but remember if the
Ghostbusters universe could be as rich
as they wanted to make it in my opinion
the problem is they seem to feel like
they have to play it safe by only two
sticking to stuff with me whether the
problem with that is that every time
Star Wars hasn't played it safe it's
been a disaster every time just about
think the sad thing is those things you
know are the only things that work which
is why I'm saying they don't need to
make any more it's done doesn't pack
look exactly like the kind of guy who'd
accidentally walk into the stream of a
bosun glider I'm just saying it could
happen as rich played either coat or you
mean a role-playing game in a universe I
don't like sign me up I hate the Jedi I
despise them the reason I like Luke
being anti guy in the last Jedi is
because I fully agree with that position
alright I've got you down for then Ren
I've been talking and we think we should
have a look at the museum whatever
happened tonight but rich you're gonna
be anti Jedi in those do you mean sis
stay with you listen you guys they're
both assholes crew I'll be your personal
protection
what about pic he's supposed to be
informed of everything we do but he
doesn't know can't hurt us
like if you're worried about me playing
kotor on stream don't worry
I'm not going
you could probably do dark forces though
it's just doing pretty okay fine I don't
I don't mind the Dark Horse's games
everybody knows I like TIE fighter I
never really played the original
ex-player I couldn't get into it because
TIE fighter was so much better I did
play the game after that x-plane
Alliance thought that was alright and
then I played dark forces I liked it at
the time I don't know that it's aged
quite so well dark forces that's
probably fine I've played it in a while
Jedi Knight I think that game aged like
crap certainly visually but I think Jedi
Outcast the third dark forces game is a
fine and fun game to this day and it
helps a lot that the main character in
those games Kyle Katarn is not a qui-gon
style prequel Jedi because then I would
be vomiting a couple of class 5
animators I've never seen him in tandem
like that they're really agitated
like even even in return to the jive
when Luke was going into full I'm a Jedi
mode he like lost every bit of
personality and likeability Luke had I'm
a Jedi like my father before me like
like being a Jedi just made blue flame
Winston check that next door we see if
he has any friends leave a haunted room
I've got no problem with that
hey cadet to use the shock blaster it's
best to get in fairly close its effects
are powerful but dissipate quickly over
distance and please be careful it's a
prototype we're trusting you with it the
stasis stream will temporarily slowed
down paranormal entities if you train
the Sun think about it Jedi Knight was
quake Jedi Knight had its own engine you
use it it was not it was not built often
in technology be originally the first
Jedi name I've been conducting an
experiment in which I sleep in average
14 minutes a day leaves me a lot of time
to work great ready to roll
hey Hoss you think you can handle that
little fella yourself we'll meet you
back here
see what's here Jedi Academy in the one
before the one before it was Jedi
Outcast the good one built on the quake
engine quick the quick three engine
no wait was yeah quake 3 specifically
strong emanations no direct source
though we followed our guy in here
detecting a very strong anomaly here
is a fine example of a look almost
forgot this is important full 6
bi-dimensional
losing strength keep tearing it down
man how much PK energy must have taken
collectin to animate an entity like that
a lot a lot of very angry energy how
easy was that wait not so fast I'm
getting some big yes yes it is heard
that one or twenty the librarian look
there she is meet us at the stairway
door she went down that way this game
seems boy yeah you seem fine why are you
so boring
spookie he caiis out and try to be quiet
oh wow a full stabilizing levitation
I'd say we're close to something ray you
got something I've got something right
here good check that out see chat I'm
gonna I'm gonna ask you a question cuz
I'm curious what the answer is this is
why I stopped like my star can you be a
Star Wars fan and despise the entire
concept of the Jedi Knights
let's go we'll cut her off these
readings are off the charts that pens is
a Jedi before prequels or ambien Jedi
after prequels re-watch Return of the
Jedi and just take a look at the changes
in Luke's personality the pre prequel
Jedi's are still the ambien Jedi's Luke
is a boring fuckwad in Return of the
Jedi
father I can feel the good in
the Jedi are space monks aren't they
sort of supposed to be boring unless
they are those beer-brewing monks I
guess no they're monks and they're
supposed to be boring but that's also
what I don't like about them call me
call me nutty but I kind of crave action
and excitement
I'm clearing this room out because I
know there's gonna be a biggish battle
in here and I I don't want to get caught
on junk when I'm trying to dodge
something that's going to kill me
no Jedi's in rogue one lots of action
and excitement yeah but lame characters
last ones warmers pesky but combustible
so where's that class-five animator
attract the slut here there's the big
fish see what he did give him a new home
in our containment facility
throw your trap
get in there get in the
yeah God
yes kick their ass good work we're on
our way
can I Ford where she cost keep an eye on
the twitchy one's really crease you have
to watch out
that looked painful
watch it
the paper cuts
I think you're gonna write
looks like the gray lady makes her own
reinforcements keep your eyes open team
she's upping the ante
look Malamud says original Star Wars was
a simple game of chess signal Vader was
the king king protecting the king and
the N Luke got checkmate with pawns
being lost on both sides no more the new
film still made it stuck
I guess under that analogy though the
and the first-order side if it's a chess
analogy the Kings already down with
scope and the Queen is now in charge if
you're going to go with that analogy
dangerous
oh stop coming
so dangerous
gives you the creeps huh
good work come on kid we need to get out
of here in the periodical section
checking the box scores from the Knicks
game last night says here that this
collector used the gray lady to get to
the rare books in her care specifically
a book called get this the bazarian
including
yeah and when she found out what he was
up to
she dumped the great lady was his first
victim but he killed a bunch more yes
what people are asking for dead space
have you plated we we've streamed it
before oh great you get to buy me dinner
and here's the last seconds before he
was hanged he said it's fine some sort
of I'm not gonna stop what I'm doing to
switch over to it
that space that was that was the stream
where I was stomping on babies and
loving it that's a bad sign but it sure
isn't a good one
I have not played strength since the
millennium edition but once again I'm
not gonna stop what I'm doing right now
um you hear that I enjoy this game and
I'm gonna keep playing this game until I
die
somebody's in here
come out come out wherever you are oh
boy we're not alone I got to be more
careful you all right it's children what
are the same
I think they're trying to tell us
something
what else did goober collect yes the
section is creepy this game is just just
the right amount of spooky / creepy for
a Ghostbusters game you got that right
scooter here's the place special
collections these rooms are with rare
and valuable volumes
BoBoiBoy rich didn't you really like
blood boring yes I did let everyone do
that born was great
their shields
remember how you were saying print was
dead I wish now where'd she go
valence is up she definitely left a
trace somewhere they might be making a
new one I've heard I hope they do
big spike do the other cast members do
damage well there's no friendly fire I
do believe they can do some damage on
ghosts but I think it's minimal I think
I've seen them trap ghosts on there
what are those I don't recognize him
from Tobi's no bill in the revised e
theory catalog I think the gray lady is
constructing them from the books and
minor spirits here she may be more
powerful than we thought
take a look at this place this game any
playability door seems pretty boring
after you voting first time which fight
I I don't mind the the actual gameplay
the capturing ghosts aspect of this game
I think it's neat and I'm not gonna lie
I'm sure nostalgia is a large part of
the reason I like this game I'm not I'm
not gonna lie this weren't the
Ghostbusters with the original cast I
might not be so big on it but okay
I enjoy it matters to me I can be honest
about the nostalgia factor
welcome back ray
with a friends
serious doubts about the structural
integrity of this sub-basement it's
moving again over the left
that's good
moving I'm telling you the substructure
is unstable the ceiling could come down
on top of us
over there boy
slacker those beams are solid something
big and more than likely terrifying
it's really dr. wonderful don't have any
open eating that's an electric lock on
the door see if you can find the power
great the recruit found it it's a good
idea to be standing in a foot and a half
of water that didn't last long
where you think you're going
I'm with you on that lucky there were
only some old books within that if
that's with recruit okay let's keep
moving back where I came from
this is cheery
there she is
flanker I'm not clear on how the
flanking was supposed to work it's up
with all these books
it's librarian and we're tracking down a
librarian ago
so the books are locationally and
thematically appropriate
the gray lady before this gets really
dangerous
we may have missed that window ray well
we can't follow her through that break
through another way once you find there
Youngblood
good work Spangler the kid found the
exit added something new to the pack
this is the PDS plasm distribution
system basically it's slime blower mark
2 heavily modified from the earlier
version your plasm banks are now
integrated into the proton pack it uses
a base culture of ectoplasm that can
impair entities cause caustic black
slime to go inert what do you make of
the Pentagon the least UFO video from
2008 storm I have not seen or even heard
of this Pentagon a UFO video no comment
might be fun to look at all right let's
do some math is there some weapon
upgrading here I'm gonna holding off on
this proton stream oh wait don't know
that's the other one this one is one no
no stop stop clicking I'm the one that
isn't the one I want to click on you
stupid silly game there we go
why should I have left love to get the
stasis beam heat reduction but and over
this boss I'm probably gonna want the
slime upgrades even though the slime
Canada stupid pants feels like I'm
throwing away money
our own private shortcut to hell that's
convenient
this is game good or bad this game is
pretty good though if you're a fan of
the Ghostbusters movies the originals
it's great
it's it's the Ghostbuster experience you
always wanted
what year was this how 2009 I think that
would be a safe assumption that book
she's reading is emitting massive energy
that's your cue killer go get them
this is some Evil Dead shit they are
they are both horror comedies the
gameplay is forgettable I think the game
plays fine the weapons are fun
you say army of Darkness with shit I
disagree with that I makes perfect I
like Evil Dead to better the book Evil
Dead 2 is right up there with the best
movies that have been released Evil Dead
2 just I think loses creativity are me a
darkness somewhat less so but lots of
great one-liners and it's a fun movie
alright
I'm doing another death run don't there
we go we saw the Evil Dead trilogy
backwards I did to army and darkness was
the first one I saw then I watched evil
good team and then I avoided Evil Dead
one for ages because I knew it was just
a straight up or movie and I'm just not
I'm not interested in that
which Evans is not a whore aficionado
but I've been or movies I've liked but I
don't love them
Kevin evil-smelling against my mother
that she loved more movie she made me
sick of home movies family night for my
mother was watching a horror movie
so I'll be honest that's probably why at
some point I started to you settle for
movies
she's shielding herself
that doesn't now let's attack the
librarian straight on
it's just one of the llama come my
Chandra's of choice have always been
either action or science fiction
not fantasy not really or unless so I
don't hate fantasy sci-fi in action but
she wants us to have the Codex yes like
she wanted us to blast this room apart
but why
commando die hard Robocop like I don't
know likely you know Big Trouble in
Little China that's kind of fantasy I
like that something I've dreamt about
since college it's all Anarkali Timonium
fantastic wouldn't get too excited I
have a feeling she did it so we can meet
an old friend of hers well if we're
going isn't there it's the only way out
you take the lead not even a sci-fi
rom-com is has there ever been a sci-fi
rom-com and if there is what might be
interesting
I'm not being called sci-fi but
defending your life is uh afterlife
rom-com and I'm kind of kind of fond of
defending your life with that was it
Albert Brooks in was it Meryl Streep
watch out black slime
I would not call weird science a rom-com
there's there's not much of a Rob in
weird science
come on let's go
alright keep your head down and keep
hitting these portals one of them's got
a lead out the scientific method ring
Groundhog Day maybe ooh yeah I I'm gonna
say it's fair to call Groundhog's Day a
science fiction rom-com the debatable
part is is Groundhog's Day science
fiction or is it more fantasy
right I got to pay attention
I'm on my own without Ghostbuster backup
I could die easily if I'm not paying
attention better than your stream real
quick wouldn't it kid
well that was embarrassing
looks like a good place for slime tether
to stretch this line together point and
launch the first anchor then
point-and-shoots a second the launched
slime tether will then contract the more
tethers you attach to a point since
director plasmic charge has a short
half-life tethers will grow brittle over
time and then break you can blast an
existing it's Futurama a sci-fi rom-com
or as Futurama a a sci-fi that has a
little bit of Rahm in it quite frankly I
have no idea what Leela would ever see
in fry
it's a weird pairing if you're being
generous ghost world or know the
principle of leverage would still work
the same anyway
come on John Henry put your back hi-yaaa
you're on fire cadet
communities offense our original
proposed Aryan exhibit a huge energy
pulse the sedgwick hotel the return of
Stay Puft yeah Alisa you think she's the
factor in this
all right time to get trolled by the
glitch ghost
all right will it show up
which out the wall again
get in my box yeah that's what she said
mr. mention is extremely volatile it
seems to be tearing itself apart
there's lots of stairs
money do I got
yeah I'll get that I'm pretty good
without it honestly
you guys sarcastically proclaiming
things if mom comes oh you silly
yeah stop it's not it look forward you
you know
or the zoo to go then I forced them to
it causes the despawn kind of a shame I
believe I get money for defeating them
like a fake physics puzzle
all right this pipe might kill me
I do like what they've done with the
place here but I hope that portal would
have taken us back to the library
actually we are back in the Public
Library the dimensional membrane must be
extremely thin here someone's holding us
here the collector yes as it lore wants
to add to his collection and he's
probably not too happy of his portal to
caitanya I know I know
oh yeah what can a twisted little
bookworm do to scare us
he murdered Ellen our Twitty for it when
he was alive doesn't easier said than
done though hey collector we're taking
your book what do you think about that
he's right I think you've got his
attention right oh boy
he's resisting my proton stream look is
protected by black slide the key hey
junior switch out your nozzle and pull
them down
well not that I particularly care for
this Romani harem but I'm just scanning
a ghost
my little Tobin's guy full
there we go
use the capture screen to rip off his
bad
he's on the control poskim in the eye I
think it's working
all right I wanted it I wanted it bad
irritating irritating
alright I'm not interested playing dead
space stick that space up your butt
right now
well good he's dead don't play the game
I like
shit wanna wanna hung up a controller
for this and they do they all do this
you can rebind keys yet have they done
that if it ever starts
what is this this is the game my son I
was going to play ages ago
if the Ghostbusters uh no death run fell
on its face which which it did I'm gonna
check and see if one of the updates in
recent months has allowed key
customization nicely keyboard mappings
fuck yeah
I'll take mouse and keyboard mappings Oh
you can't alter them it's just a fucking
list it's it's literally it's just a
fucking list
why why fucking why I'm not used to
using WASD I don't want to use WASD I
have my own bindings Friday the 13th
game let me use my own bindings
alright I'm gonna find a controller I
would take a short break so can you call
it mappings if you can't change it I
suppose technically you can but you
probably shouldn't
I believe it's still technically key
mappings because a certain action is
mapped to a certain key what what well
what we're looking for is remapping
still-still who doesn't use WASD me
because I use a number pad
and this is this is my my personal
opinion but
I think I think the layout on WASD is
just slightly awkward the keys are
coming off-center from each other I like
the nice even grid you get on the number
pad
I'm gonna take a break and then I'll be
I'll be back we'll play another hour to
this

[Part II]
did I make them suffer someone else is
getting it
don't stop Jason they deserve to die
make them suffer like me
I'm not super happy with how I'm doing
where's the power appeal
they want to hurt you Jason
don't let them
that's my boy
hunt them down and make them pay
get up Jason find them kill them
no water bath kill he had a pocketknife
I can't just bring them wherever I want
to shit like that
you can never die that was insanely fast
yeah feel full mother demand toilet kill
you can demand all you want you ain't
necessarily gonna get it is you
get up
bargain life you can never die
that's my special special boy
mommy but it's time to come home
like last year we had all the items they
knew they needed to fuck around with me
and Alyssa like they buff the
firecrackers used to be able to shift
through those this game our manhunt
manhunts pretty fucking good
if you like manhunt you'd like the
Punisher game for the PlayStation 2 how
what are those two games have in common
come on come on you know damn well that
manhunt is is a stealth game a stealth
survival game and the Punisher is a
gamer you brutalize criminals I know the
Punisher game has a super ton of violent
kills if there's a PC version available
where I can aim with a goddamn mouse I
would be delighted to give the Punisher
game a shot as it is
I hate 99.5% of all games that our
shooters you have to play with the
controller the only reason that's 99.5
and not 100 is because of vanquish
yes third person with a mouse is fine I
don't know why people think that's a bad
thing why are they only Jason this is so
weird
make them remember Jason make them
suffer so weird I don't want to be Jason
can I can I choose not to purchase I
guess there's a priority
all right that's right I'm not even
gonna find anyone
they want to hurt you Jason some bitch
has a fucking pocket life no matter what
they do you cannot die
you can never die
that's my Jason that's my special
special they want to hurt you Jason
don't let them
thank you from me Jason
you can never die what the fuck
don't stop Jason they deserve to die
make them suffer like weak
get up Jason
you cannot die
you can never die from me Jason
I got her right up here
don't stop Jason they deserve to die
make them suffer like
they deserve to die Jason make them
suffer yeah
pretty shitty
now there's some people out there fuck
what I helped if I have my kills
selected to be quick
rather than fun but I stand by my choice
they want to hurt you Jason get up Jason
but it's time to come home
well you got lucky but he made a choice
he kind of had to make
can people find their way in here
all right
how do you do this if you're playing
this game and you're my friend well is
the time this is the time to be doing
that whoops
playing this
Yuriy in
if you're mustering steam friend this
this is the time this is the time to be
playing Friday the 13th the game and
fight puppy puppies puppies already in
the room I could see palpate be a waste
of and invite anybody else this is this
is probably gonna be it for the night
I'd like to end it from here
everyone everyone be patient gosh and
gosh darn it they go on let me go into
my steam friends here and we'll do a
mild culling
all right who hasn't been logged on in
forever 331 300 of so many days that's
that's good that's good how do we
uninvite how do we how do I get rid of
okay there's room for one
say look for a hundred more days
there's two Irish not many I found one
person who was more than a hundred days
since they've logged in why are you
still on the list I got rid of you okay
all right lowering my standards 88 days
this is long enough 131 all right it's
nothing personal but you're out of here
nothing personal at all all right
invites
all right I have just invited some
people Reilly say I accepted some friend
invites that should be three that should
be enough
all right if I just accepted your invite
startup Friday the 13th the game
all right I think do anymore
five six total all right me see if I can
clear out what do I need two more people
to clear out cuz this is this is the
climax we might do one or one or two
more rounds forty-nine days I mean this
that's long enough I need I need to make
room in here I'm sorry I'm sorry person
I'm about to unfriend butBut we needs
that we needs the room we needs the room
all right
who'd I just accept
all right
there should be one more coming
like I said they're firing up the game
so we're since we're waiting on one more
we could worst comes to worst we could
play with seven that's that's good
enough
first-timers huh all right all right
well that's fine you know what it's fine
that's just that's just more corpses
all right random map yeah random map and
here we go
no no random map Oh for fuck's sake
oh the mouse thing again
why won't you oh my god just start the
start the fucking game
why aren't you starting game well and
I'm trying to figure out why this isn't
starting cuz I'm an idiot
invite next map settings close lobby
I guess close lobby no no cancel what I
wanna close the lobby that's not a lot
at all ready there we go turn close the
lobby like we're all done we're all
ready the lobbyists closed and no one
else can join I completely
misinterpreted that all right for all
the for all the hassle of getting this
together we'll go we'll go two more
rounds to our rounds rich hit the ready
button on the right is trained I hit the
ready button I wasn't doing anything
kill Jason no no we have any
inexperience Jason I'm not going for a
frickin Jason kill that's just that's
just wholly unsatisfying unsatisfying or
you know blank screen that's fine
I'm fine with the blank screen is
anybody saying anything or is this some
glitch that's unique to be here I'm
getting nothing
that is everybody who joined are you
getting a blank screen in your game oh
game
alright restart the game I think we're
we're fucked
oh no my gonna have to go into freakin
all right I'm gonna have to go into task
manager to kill the game all right did
what I had to do all right everybody
close the game and restart the game
we're gonna do this again
and unless relentless doesn't want it
I'm gonna set it so that released
relentless gets their chance to be Jason
because that's that's just fair man no
it's not even now it's not even starting
there goes there goes you don't care
about being Jason okay I know some
people don't like the pressure that
comes with being Jason if I'm playing
with a lot of people who have not played
this game before I definitely do not
want to play as Jason
technical difficulties live look that's
the game crashing that's that's not like
our fault as done I did
all right waiting for uh there we go all
right why won't you let me ready up game
what let me rip why are you being such a
persnickety game today why I don't want
to go to my profile there we go what the
fuck what the fuck
yeah Mike my game is not letting me
ready up easily
oh no is it me
this is gonna be me I don't want it to
be me oh no I can't get a match for him
not Jason
it's not gonna happen all right then I
play with first-timers I am I am not
going to use trap strats no trap strats
maybe no traps no traps traps and no
shift
look if I wanted just a slaughterhouse
I'd play against the bots they're
probably listening I want you anyway
probably I think if your streaming is
Jason it's a huge huge distant well no
way
Jason's less of a disadvantage and
somebody playing as Jason's stream
sniping you as a counselor all right
nope no trap strats no shift there's our
one
there's your free one enjoy it
we all lost connection I think all right
damn you Friday the 13th the game why
are you buggy I can't even I can't even
I can't even close this stupid game okay
we we are going to try this one more
time we're gonna try this one more time
and that I apologize but we're done
Richard sure our patient bastard I am I
really am don't invite mr. glitch why
because he's glitching the game I don't
I don't think that's how usernames work
all right invite him
all right people that seem to be finding
your way in on your own
yeah not cause that it's my own ed
all right this game never had the most
stable netcode already in could be
number of things
okay mostly regular my ping is just
excellent
so I need to send out one more invite
all right
I'm just happy to be here Sam
there we go
okay good luck if it glitches this time
it's been fun everybody it's been fun
so far so good don't hold your breath
inge my life
part three could see the positive crash
I'm in a game I'm not Jason and we're
not crashing yet and I have a bridge
all right and I might I'm gonna
respectfully ask whoever is a generic
white male to mute the stream say you
don't get an unfair advantage I don't
know if you will or not but I can only
ask nicely
shit ain't now nah call for a kill
I'll settle for the stun damage
all right well I found nothing yet but
you're watching the stream you can you
can see that yeah I've got jack shit
some mapping here if you need one the
gas
all right
we find the propeller we can go for the
boat I'm down
should I gas it up now or way
wait because somebody gets the car
battery and that's probably our best way
out
basically if we find the propeller we go
for the boat if we find a battery we go
for the car
all right you know probably gonna end up
getting out with the cops
you know I got the propeller we can fix
the boat go for it I'll back you up
how many people can go on the boat -
just - I'll hang back it's fine
these parts we've got horrible water
speed that's a fun thing like part
sevens good at waters heat part three
and four have a physical water speed so
we should be fine if we get the boats
well you're good at wet bikini speed
that hot wet ass is smooth as butter
he's here
good second where somebody forgotten
rich
what would Cameron Mitchell say whoever
did that what would Cameron Mitchell say
move Jarvis house
oh shit this is a dead end that's not
good
run for heads
good game good game good game thanks
rich no property no problem well well
providing there's no more glitching
we'll do one more if you want
yeah I think the reason the cop is so
trigger-happy is they've all watched
surviving edged weapons and they see
that guy with a edged weapon and better
see if I'm sorry
now if they'd seen Friday the 13th they
wouldn't bother
I think the only time like the police or
the military were able to kill him was
in part 9 I just wanted that go to hell
1 yeah missile on him or whatever Jason
joins the army to be fair he survived
that how do I dance like Crispin Glover
the emotes Nemo is it really yeah
there's a dance dance party pack
whatever DLC and a part 7 kill pack for
some reason apart 7
that's that's not part two you're
thinking of where the medical examiner
ate Jason's I think it was his heart and
then became the new Jason that was part
nine I think Jason goes to hell or as
it's also known the horrible one
I gotta get out of here now archery
range
shotgun spawn holding a shotgun spawn is
there Jason
all right I don't know if they're a noob
or not it might be a noob car-boat see
see if we can find anything interesting
in here that gasps get a Salinas had
just cars the fun way out right I mean I
could go for the boat in theory
I wish the car cars all the way over
there shit I'll gladly take that
pocketknife ax
well I got gas the boats right here do
we want to walk this over to the car or
do we want to look for the compeller all
right I'm gonna take this over to the
car I'll watch your six
well someone happened over here
I heard you take a quick peek around
it's diluted I think Jason's over by the
car
okay I have a wrench
take that I'll take that
Dora
mr. glitch is not fucking around not
fucking around
this is new music I like it I was that
part for Jason
shit
got it actually
run shit sure it's what it's fine it's
fine run run run
well Tommy Jarvis what we need is a
battery and a key I just picked up a key
I bet it just picked up a radio I'm
sorry does anybody have the keys or a
battery what I meant to do
batteries got me sore about a funny car
love that music
the reason is great
like that
battery battery battery battery battery
battery no battery
it's time to get out of here I am
starting to feel like Plan B is an order
I got a spray
I'm right behind you with some spray
all right desperately needing color
to check here right sometimes it spawns
right in here yeah fuck this up search
this way and we're gonna find that
goddamn propeller and we're gonna get
out as we're a selfish motherfucker
rich there's chat are the bus chad is
already fucked alright
they're completely and utterly fucked my
only hope is that somebody blatantly
missed the propeller and it's nearby
shit alright that is not my only home I
have no home I am kind of fucked I might
be able to time it out I'm gonna go on
record as saying that the boat Escape is
hopeless
Cameron Mitchell
oh shit oh you got me behind you just
got screwed nice work nice work
screwdriver to your head huh good boy
mommy has a reward for you come home
Robocop in the same way well it wasn't
the screwdriver I think it was that
interface thing oh that's right
and then to him shooting dick Jones
after he gets fired I'll tell you what
if you want I'll go one more and exactly
one more one more
I like this game too much alright hey no
problem no problem all right I'm gonna
quick and check and see if I can find a
replacement real quick all right I'm
gonna take a bio break as we used to say
in or craft yeah can you give me just a
couple minutes get a that's fine that's
fine
Karin is not gonna have a lonely night
Karen is visiting her mother right now
so I'm fine I'm absolutely fine
Jason it's it's that I gotta kill rich
Evans adrenaline
Clem is already inherent
Oh what's already here mr. glitches
already in if your esteemed friend I
just so you know I am currently looking
for more people to invite let's see if
there's anyone else in Hull from the old
friends list yeah I didn't even say when
guess I'll be this preppy bastard now
well five hundred and six days ago
that's that's a get rid of them
many people do we need to all right I
have I have room for exactly two people
if you've sent me a friend request which
there's room now I have room for two so
I'm not gonna be able to take everybody
but start up your game if you've got a
request pending here all right
invites and I wasn't able the other one
yes a weapon of a more civilized age hey
you can tell what that was
yeah I know it's kind of sad it's very
sad yeah I know it's only one of the
most famous sound effects in the world
different over the speaker that's how
that just seemed to like no humming
sound that was one of them Star Wars
you're right about that lately
well most iconic sound effects of Star
Wars someone gave a gave me one for
Christmas cool friend of mine gave me
the grow over the rogue one blu-ray for
Christmas that's better than a kick in
the teeth I got a blue lightsaber so low
kind of the best things come on Star
Wars and recent memories is the cartoon
rebels
they can do some interesting stuff with
the floors why blind Jedi guy he's
basically what's that movie Satya
something's a th e or is that what to
change that OED that's it
played by Freddie Prinze jr. and he's
great yeah so Disney XD which means if
you live in the state's you probably get
it and you have to resort to third
parties like us Canadians well at least
this lightsaber serve his purpose and
started a conversation silly bill war
which Disney introduced turns out
there's the Mandalorians you like the
Boba Fett's the whole defense those guys
Jango Fett's they have they have their
own special lightsaber called the dark
saber well now here's how it gets silly
the dark saber
it's a black light saber oh it's got
katana shaped blade silly in Star Wars
yeah missus stars rebels the Darksaber
because one of the characters in Star
Wars rebels is based in the Mandalorian
version of King Arthur using the dark
saber
digitally their holy sacred sword from
the only everything for the same time
does some cool stuff with like which the
force and the Jedi and there's just like
other third party called the Ben do
which is neither light nor dark touches
on it better than last Jedi did I think
yeah I'm getting a little sick
double-a batteries all right I think the
last couple of people I I accepted a
friend request from didn't actually have
the games we're just we're just gonna
start a man down it'll be fine go start
the game
why is it doing that we're just mismatch
equality on the other hand you have the
episodes with I think the character's
name is Cain in the lime Jedi guy which
are really cool like insights into the
force and stuff then you got stuff like
the Mandalore episodes which feel like
Star Trek the Klingons if they're
written by an idiot oh boy there's a
loaded comment there one villain has a
weapon designed to specifically target
Mandalorian armor to stop the Star Wars
by starting the game and it's not
letting me start all right
start the game i think i'm diarrhea now
I keep trying to start the game but
every time I hit a - ready up it just
goes me into the mute or unmute little
menu it's driving me crazy I think it's
because your focus has changed from
Mouse to controller to Mouse it seems to
happen when you move the mouse I don't
know it's just whatever there's been
some weird changes in the interface
level
tried not to move the mouse when you're
using the controller I'm definitely not
moving the mouse is real it's literally
you know let me try unplugging it
just one more thing I did it I did it
everyone I did it
that's just
and this first taste break in the
shotgun
I think the gas can spawn up here
might be dead excuse me ma'am just one
more thing get the fuck out here
if I can
this is the lead small version of this
map I think it is yes it's fine
I think I'm okay with that
hello hello oh god help us
Jason's real please help us oh yeah this
is totally not the normal version of
this map
two-seaters battery
since Jason's been tunneling vid known
on to me like a motherfucker really
wants my ass I guess
no there's no honor than that all
yeah
do pigs again sakes let me come in not
by the hair of my chinny-chin-chin
dunno hop home shit
all right gasps and keys
anybody know where the gasser keys are
chop them up by the two-seater by the
lodge
if you drop them off
so I don't have to get in from your
corpse
jedd are you worried about the last Jedi
spoilers it was it was mediocre there
you go
spoiled
for cedar has the battery mediocre
and so who died with the gas anybody
nobody shows up on the map now if you
drop it I believe
what's wrong with a four-seater
everyone works swells house if they both
have batteries so you don't want oh I
just got some shots of gas head up to
the forest either
drop the gas nice
tell each rafter
I'm all the way in the southwest with
the keys
watch out he's right there by the
four-seater but so is Jason
my bikini
who's got the keys who's got the keys oh
shit he's
need help a four-seater
Oh
well I'm going to the earth cops
alright I'd suggest a kill but I don't
think Columbo has much experience with
this game that would be kind of cruel
now do you know how to escape let's hope
you know how to escape make a left at
the road follow the main road left or
right at the cross section here
nice nice dodge nice dodge sweet
I was a very good escape gentleman
good game everybody good game first ones
always rough that was a nice driving
Juke yeah and I had to be Jason first on
a stream of course but you're immortal
this is true all right
all rights been spent fun everyone good
night
all right let's see we read some names
of people who have subscribed the stream
if I close out of this game properly all
right what do we have
although we gotta got a budget you guys
I got urban crisis says thank you for
your content you're welcome
huff hearted scorn twelve ten give us
moon for twenty eight months in a row
miss hoods for twelve months in a row
says happy anniversary you gotta say
this is the most satisfying long term
relationship I've ever been in which is
saying a lot considering that I
literally pay you to talk to me love you
happy Christmas and things you're
welcome DK FF 4 for 15 months in a row
says we need a rich Evans reacts to
Kevin Smith's gushing last Jedi review
nah he's always gonna gush about Star
Wars just that's just what Kevin Smith
does it's fine
worst liars team however they do digger
blue for 15 months in a row says 15
months though Halle Berry's my Mike 1 2
3 4 says hey rich what was the moment
you found out that Star Wars was a
product thanks well I I think I've
always known that Star Wars is a product
I mean the toys were fucking everywhere
so I I can't give you a moment or just I
I grew up seeing it
jay-ar our love craft for 12 months in a
row says watched your oxhorn play
fallout 4 vr a watched youtuber oxhorn
play fallout 4 vr and it crashed every
30 minutes or so it's so immersive I
but I think my main beef with the VR is
I'm as I I would probably get super
motion sick because I tend to get motion
sick easy and if motion sickness is a
common complaint I can I can only
imagine it would be double so with me
couple that with the price of it and I
don't know I'm just I'm not psyched
about trying it really dr. strong
Esquire says woo four months this calls
for a celebration
hope you guys are having a great holiday
season thank you and you you too Happy
Happy Holidays hard bori boy num see
knowledge junkie who says happy to get
my time back in for the prereq boys
thank you aimless Corsair says come on
rich time to come clean I know you're
secretly ASOS if Star Wars yeah darks
reference Star Wars I get it I get it I
know you're secretly a sieve and is
attempting to make the chat turned to
the dark side by calling Star Wars lame
fucking fueling their hate and anger I'm
on to you Darth blink 800 Star Wars
Frogg waterer
says been watching since the sonic is
open watching since the sonic is the
most overrated game ever video been
watching and not a bum for four months
woo woo thank you
I'm gonna deliberately say this name
wrong deliberately because it amuses me
to do so tits
84 for 15 months in a row tits 84 and
it's totally not tits it's Titus 84 but
I don't care says 15 months I am
horribly sick with with this flu thing
thanks rich for being a part of my fever
dreams
Oliver MD who says blessed be rich solo
streams hope everyone had a good
Christmas time as usual I have a little
message for a buddy
you're a good boy beef now all you have
to do is getting weight now all you have
to do is getting better about
interacting with people okay let me do
that let me do that properly
you're a good boy beef now all you have
to do is getting better about
interacting with people
civilizations Hunchback Jack 4:31
fucking months in a row says rich thanks
for all the hard work and long hours you
and Jack put in to bring us streams and
reviews in 2017 we really appreciate it
have a happy new year welcome Yolo
contendere since rich you can never die
I can well can god of all chickens this
time it's lupus for twenty six fucking
months in a row says if anyone knows me
and I mean anyone they know that I'm
here purely to hear rich talk wait is
this a solo stream shit I had talked a
lot I talked a lot the stream bumfuzzled
bro Reggie 64 for 20 fucking months in a
row Glen Shiva's Erebus and ether for 19
months in a row Feridun 2772 says love
you guys
every month I watch you every month i
watch your stream is one more month
closer to getting my movie made and I
owe a lot of that to you guys keep on
keeping on you're welcome
Gabe Lee Ivan Lee Ivan Lee says get it
together
Skoosh to Buster nice Dave Clyde and the
Rising Sun 4:30
even mother fucking months in a row says
makes it a great stream tonight rich
you're welcome I'm glad doing uh here's
here's what's going on for the next
stream I believe it it falls on New
Year's Eve right the next stream let me
see if I can find a calendar here just
want to double check this make sure I'm
not wrong that Sunday the 31st I
actually plan on being in here to do a
stream as far as what time and whatnot
and and and you know if if there's a
last-minute plan change and I don't I
will have Jack tweeted out presumably he
will have some kind of working cellphone
coverage by then presumably but my
current plan is I will be here on the
31st so have a nice night everybody
merry holiday day of your choice
