Oct 25, 2017
Stardew Valley, The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/185502791
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/185507635
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/186064468
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JhXnW5KaqjI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tHD4kJSMCG8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pSTEl3xgDB8
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/923245507165741056

[Part I]
like this is like this is almost a gyro
friendly stream right here pregnancy
rectally a gyro friendly stream we'll
see we'll see if anyone notices us
yeah yeah refresh your page it's live
hello chat is talking about the Tim
emote what's it which I took away for a
while because we ran out of emotes and
then as soon as we got a couple more I
put them back in because I love him I
fucking love that Tim Higgins face it's
my favorite thing and by the way if you
have the twitch app you can when you
send someone a text you can send text so
all using the emotes that you use in the
Twitter chat so I can say I can just
send people Tim's face via text message
like here look I'm gonna write your
message hello you know like and then
here I can like use the apps no I don't
want more apps I want
oh god everything it's so easy
everything is broken
everything's broken I don't want to
visit store I just want to oh here it is
so twitch emotes and I know like I can
send all my nameless I can just like
send you Tim emotes I can just send you
pictures of Tim right how long has the
stream been on we just started do we
have a proper prize we could we we have
shit all around here what what do you
want 
I don't know. I just want somebody
who can tell me what Tim is from other
than Space Cop. Other than Space Cop.
RLM-related, or...? 
Tim has been in something RLM-related.
Oh, I'm sure they know. I'm sure they know.
Are you, there was a lot of talk earlier, who
is this guy? Who is Tim?
See, look. Cinnamon's got it already.
I thought it was Rich.
Yep. No, he's not in the Western Ore Musical, McPimpy.
Okay, okay he was he was the hipster.
That's right.
What, what other episode of Half in the Bag was he in?
Oh, the_cinnamons got another one.
Yep, and he was also, uh, JJ.
Was that, uh, that was the, was that, uh, that wasn't Half in the Bag, was it?
No, that wasn't Half in the Bag.
But he was JJ in, in the, in Plinkett.
Yeah.
Is it just me or does the webcam get
worse every stream is just you double
check at what resolution you're playing
at we're using the exact same thing and
it's not a webcam it's actually a DSLR
yes yes captain Ned Peck he was one of
Lucas's thugs in the very first episode
of half in the bag
yep that's he was in the first episode
of half in the bag
he he was in something early unrelated
before you were no I was in the group
house okay I mean since since since
since we were big though sure mouse keys
nobody nobody watched that well I mean
the point that doesn't count
oh it's true I'm in the blanket restroom
that's why I never so true
get your facts I'm just trying to find
an interesting spin like an interesting
trivia did you know that Tim Higgins
predates jack nope wrong is so wrong so
he has been in half in the bag I
okay ready for something Tim might be in
more half in the bags than I am
no you've been at least two discussions
right I think just one it's just the one
just Batman versus Superman I wasn't in
the Batman versus Superman was just
Supra no I the only one I was in was
pixels because we're talking about I
know we're talking about the Batman for
some it trailers I remember
in pixels we reference the Batman growl
they bleed yeah so I was in pixels and I
was mailman Tommy oh you know you're
right I was in the comedy club I was a
patron in the county age of Ultron that
sounds right
I was in that sounds right I don't even
remember that discussion I will be quite
frank and honest with you I was in
Ultron well not ah why is this dream
720p that's what we streaming at it's
it's easier that way so Jack's memory is
incredibly bad and Ultron we didn't have
a lot soccer Bach because you know it's
Ultron look at my look at my sweet-ass
library
oh yes this is your firm is my fine I
notice one thing yeah first thing I
notice here you did not decorate your
home much no I do not think her mama I
don't care about sorry that's fine like
this first thing I noticed yeah no I
don't do anything like this I hate that
this anchors here what's what's the deal
here you showing us your farm yeah are
you done kind of your work is done this
is you've been working on a coffee farm
on a coffee farm for weeks now yep oh
that's been your goal I gotta talk to
penny she has to go it's time wait this
is your wife Penny's my wife any give
her those much there you go do you hear
yeah well you have to have here there's
no bald option I figured you would have
installed a mod it's the switch it's the
switch right consoles are limited okay
but I do get to play this I do have a
hat I have a little hat something funny
I don't like it's so weird like in order
to kiss your wife you can't kiss her
like this you have to go inside of her
do you know it's so weird
hmm I never noticed to talk today you
have to go inside of her to kiss her but
okay so now penny is smoocher fide oh my
God look at my fence oh you just want to
show the shit off that's what you're
showing us no well first of all that is
fresh today yesterday my fence was not
all wrecked like that
I'm embarrassed why don't you fix a
fence I've never law the tour well no I
got to go do my shit first then I'll fix
my fence I have a pattern here rich
alright wait I need a I need a bait are
you gonna Jose you a soda machine from
selling out to Joe Jamar yeah that's
awesome yeah so I got a fresh soda every
day I just sell it home I got a pet
here's one dinosaur chicken chicken look
at that look at you can see my coffee
kegs already fat my dinosaur chicken oh
and duck I kind of remember to close
this damn door I don't know why you care
you're done with this game yeah I know I
just in general well I gotta get even if
the dinosaur egg that's sweet
well yeah like have to dinosaurs range I
have two dinosaurs and a void chicken
just four void mayonnaise how do you get
the dinosaur egg luck yet finding where
did you find yours I found it actually
in the mines I dug it up in the modules
randomly and and then I incubated it and
you know I think in order to incubate
the dinosaur you need at least level to
the level to dig it up you mean like
just cracking a rock yeah yeah that's
not like hoeing the ground I just wanna
but you can get them from hoeing the
ground a little wormy little more bees
yeah and so then I incubated it got a
second one then as soon as the second
one and then every other I could just
sell cuz they're good to sell right and
then I here you can see my void chicken
uh-huh that gives me a void eggs oh wait
oh I forgot my beans
oh and biscuit there we go now all of my
animals are pet that's sack my horse
this is like sad sack that's the name
that it came with and so I said you know
I like sack sack the horse
this is my meager coffee system right
now I expected more kegs
well kegs are kegs were the part that
that surprised me I was not prepared for
kegs
all right so now we'll get we'll get
some coffee brewing I was not prepared
for Kings but okay are you ready for it
yeah yeah you ready
get that crayfish out of my hand oh look
at all the coffee Oh
give me give me all those beads look
look at all that coffee yeah I'm
drowning in it so you're not planning
any outside I've noticed well we'll get
well good oh you're getting there okay
this is somewhere else well so this is
the fifth day of spring yeah so like
I've been in winter for a while and you
can't and beans only grow in spring and
summer not in winter or fall so I've
only been able to grow them and he
missed one make sure you no fucking
drama friend jacket make sure you knew
you hold this I have hundreds of coffee
beans so much fuck yeah they they
multiply fast yeah it's exponential
growth over here it's like corn more
coffee more coffee
this this whole area needs to be
dedicated to my tea grind corner them
I just put rant like as I was building
up I just put a random shit in here okay
you know the random seeds that you find
yeah and so this is just random stuff
actually by happenstance two of my
random seeds turned out to be coffee
beans that's weird
yeah but now all I'm waiting for all
this stuff to die out so I can plant
radishes because I need to put eight
radishes the corn is never going to die
out the corn will just keep going in the
cold
oh yeah I need to I need to put eight
radishes in the mayor's refrigerator to
receive the next quest in the mr. cui in
the mr. cui clef why are we screaming
early because we were here and we said
fuck it
why not okay so here here is the glory
of my cup here is the glory of my coffee
farm so far pretty fucking up
yeah yeah which it which I'm really
happy with I got my kegs out here and so
then this was my old farming error this
is all coffee over here as well okay
it's just brewing yeah oh my good look
it look it looks terrible fucking did
you not have rocks yeah I have so many I
keep oh god you broke one of the good
ones
oh it was accident it was an accident
I have so many rocks rich I've actually
built like a million staircases even
though I don't think I'll ever use them
okay I was worried you're gonna
accidentally chop down my coffee I'm not
gonna chop down any my coffee
all right so this is my oh yeah and I've
got my beets in there put my coffee back
I can sell that
a lot of gold coffee now - that's great
okay hold on rocks we wear my Roxy look
I have a thousand rocks here and close
to a thousand rocks here I've seen you
can't turn those into gates can you like
the fancy ones oh yeah I think your
never mind that's the stack I think
you're talking about the gems I got all
these rocks here I thought you're
talking at the gems your crazy person
there you go all right now we get we can
build our fence back up to at least look
respect I that's that's just
embarrassing like I want to show off my
awesome farm and my fence is in
disrepair - dick get out of here very
hard and fence fixed alright
oh no oh look like it just broke this
offense is falling apart rich oh god
another one oh god I got the fireplace
the whole thing right I didn't know they
could break down midday I thought it
would be overnight like if it did break
yeah oh yeah they just break down when
it's time to break down
I've never seen a fence breakdown in
front of my eyes before well you're
welcome
oh shit yeah damn it
you need that hardwood fence yeah does
that last well yeah that last like a
year I think how nice get get just move
the mouse over there
I got it I got it settle down rich just
move the mouse cursor right there sit
settle right the fuck down all right
there we go now oh shit well I wanted to
close my gate I wanted to close my gate
and I've put a fence there all right
everything's fine there so I got my nice
sprinklers so coffee over here and so
then like what I was thinking what I was
thinking I do because I have all these
cool islands over here right this is my
fishing Island it spent battery powered
my battery spot in the fishing Island
but I have this whole giant fucking
Island right here so I was thinking
about turning this into keg island yeah
yeah and just you know make rows and
rows of kegs for my all of my coffee
beans the only problem is kegs somehow I
when I was chopping trees early-game
yeah
I only chopped down the oak trees
unbeknownst to me and you need oak resin
in order to build kegs did you did you
did you grow a bunch of Oaks just to get
I'm working I'm where they're growing
right now unfortunately they don't
really grow in in winter I thought
Therese will ruin where I think they do
hold on let me get my shit put away cuz
we got a we got a changeover the coffee
it's already done brewing we got we got
shit to do Oh what
I had change over your coffee got a
change over my coffee
Richie dorable this whole games adorable
this this whole games adorable I am like
I'm losing interest fairly fast now that
I have all of my beans and my kegs and
so I don't think I will be I probably
don't need anymore in that it takes five
beans to make a cup of coffee but like
boom boom boom like this is some sweet
money cuz every cup of coffee is worth
oh god what is it I forget what it's
worth but you know like you could just
do this all day and make some mad mad
money thank you get out of here
chicken fucking chicken okay damn yes
chicken get out of my what do you ever
growing in your cave what do you have in
your cave mushrooms I didn't think I
think that's a smart choice because like
you you either choose between mushrooms
or fruit bats and the fruit bats I did
that deferred my first playthrough and I
just didn't seem to be very you would
grow fruit trees right mushrooms you
have another really waiting good way to
get other than foraging right and
there's a really good recipe for a life
elixir with the four different mushrooms
and it does it does a good jelly go oh
man we are rocking and rolling today
hold on what up watch where's my jelly
shit
oh my out of jelly stuff oh my god oh
wait maybe I was smart and I put it in
the refrigerator I'm not a jelly stuff
hold on
no I'm just out of fucking jelly stuff
sell my shit so in any case you know
I've gotten close to 50 bonus hours out
of starter Valley just from
mm wait wait wait just from coffee
farming yeah which is great look at that
look at all those hearts penny my wanna
know oh by the way penny tell jealous
the other day they do that she was like
so I well and here's here's my problem
is they don't give you enough they don't
give you any options for retaliation
because penny was like I heard you gave
a secret gift to marui yesterday and i
was like i also gave a gift of demetrius
don't just you know like i give gifts
out to a lot of people that's how i get
recipes you know but okay I already gave
Maru gifts did you want to complain if
it's on their birthday I my wife
complaining cuz I gave a gift to a dude
yeah yeah she was like hey she's like
why you giving gifts to a dude I'm
straight I I'm married to you I'm like I
think you know this I'm gonna I'm saving
my void mayonnaise because I'm gonna go
visit cro bus and that's the think
robust likes the most is void mayonnaise
so okay so now I have three tappers
going on the tree so I gotta go I'm
gonna go check my trees for more oak
resin oh oh we got the mother lode Oh
prison yeah get out for your horse
manga boom your high horse that was on
my high horse horse let's go
oh we got more barrel we got more more
kegs we can make hold on
nevermind crow bus has to wait maybe
trade penny into the witch no penny just
got a little jealous penny is my one and
only even even though like you know yeah
you're gonna have kids with penny
because this is this is a fantasy life
for me I will not give our children
you Rambler watch the stream sometimes I
do
hi just having a little coffee my
children know that I love them but there
are a lot of work that's not what I want
on my game time okay wait so what do we
need shit what I need for no power save
mode oh shit yeah that's right because
we're on we're on the other yeah
absolutely at home I'll wave it around
every known that okay would wants to go
to sleep would copper iron rich is what
we need we need wood copper iron okay so
one to only wood copper iron is a thing
too and then we need wood do I have
enough wood yes I do build two kegs put
the wood back
Oh more beans more beans coz I'm gonna
have to fill these all up again I'm
gonna move all these kegs eventually if
I decide to keep playing right right but
but you're basically done but I'm
basically done where'd my other King go
oh there's coffee coffee oh my god I'm
the coffee master it's so great boom and
boom and boom and boom great
alright now we're gonna go visit cro bus
and give him some mayonnaise because he
likes mayonnaise and the other tree that
I have a tapper on is down by Creoles
and then I'm going to oh my god it's
6:20 p.m. already time flies time flies
in this game fuck I was gonna get my
geodes processed gosh dang it
don't tomorrow I know I just usually
obviously when I'm playing this and not
streaming I am I'm much better at time
manage yeah yeah oh but today is Friday
we can see uh you should be glad this
isn't harvest moon 64 oh yeah all the
days and that we're so lightning quick
the days this feels so long to me in
comparison to the Harvest Moon days oh
really
oh rare seed well the trade-off in
harvest moon is time is paused when
you're indoors race to the store race to
the story get in this door well yeah I
like it in here it's just like make sure
you are in some menu yeah yeah if you're
thinking about anything
yeah get another rare seed I guess the
game certainly gets boring after you
basically made it unless that's the deal
with this game there's no real ending
that's what you do you play it until
you're your I wouldn't say bore you play
it until you're done right I know like
technically there's that there's the
three-year thing whereas I yeah I will
come back on your third year really it's
really - because it's like day one of
year three
oh yeah yeah well I I'm just not gonna
make it that far
cuz I just don't care that much all
right nope nothing let's see here's
here's the only other tree that I have
tapped I have those three trees tabs
like a pride to have this one
what's secretly piteous check playing
this I love this game I've played this a
ton of my own I really wish I could get
down there and to clean up that garbage
300 later 300 hours later and now I'm
bored
that's it yeah you get it you get you
get those 300 hours that's it oh yeah I
know and you know if I wanted to I could
you know like there's a bunch of nope no
don't eat the void mayonnaise there we
go
give us a crevice for crocuses people
that's a great honor to receive the void
mayonnaise so all right there we go like
there's a bunch of side quests that I
could do through the Jojo Mart I have
unlocked everything I have the the power
you just gonna leave those spring onions
huh oh I just don't care that much you
need I need for something lighter I'm
not playing a recipe or something by the
way you know and because I was so hyper
focused on penny
like you'll notice that my friendship oh
I don't know I didn't notice because you
know like I haven't been concerned about
anyone else that wasn't your priority
you wanted the coffee farm I wanted the
coffee farm and I wanted penny nothing
else mattered and so like look at that
some of these people don't have any lips
so I have almost no recipes almost no
recipes Oh No yeah but now chromis is
getting up there or crocus gave you two
fucking gifts man you got to be my
friend now you got a head on his
birthday man listen I just gave him to
fucking void mayonnaise when is his
birthday
I don't know you know where check yeah
it's offensive fruit for my jam makers
rich I need to find some fruit from a
jam makers I don't want to because I
have like the ancient fruit but I'm
making that into wine and I don't want
to make that into jam sounds like if
they might be giants album name I need
fruit for my jam makers coffee coffee
coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee
coffee I look at all those kegs close
the story it's a lot of I you know it's
important to close this door at night
because it's just a lot easier to make
sure that all of your chickens and
dinosaurs and ducks get pet in the
morning if they're all indoors that's
why that's why I'm making sure to close
that how am i doing today I am fine I am
just fine today was a pretty good day
wouldn't you say okay I got one one
purple product all the rest is gold but
you know I got a lot of gold only one
purple dude chickens actually like
getting petted not not actual chickens
to be my guests for the most part the
actual chickens are affectionate like
you don't you don't need to pet them
don't run away from you when you try to
go pick them up well they they try to
run away but they like depending on the
chicken it won't necessarily bite you
chickens don't like getting petted I
think is when I take out of that yeah we
don't have you don't have your mushroom
tree tapped no I took might a profit to
tap okras oh I should priority I was my
priority rich that was my priority and
you know like I have so many fucking
mushrooms I'm not worried about getting
more mushrooms from the oak tree so I
think here's gonna be my plan think of
the nice mushrooms right there
purple ones they give the right are
usually red sometimes purple the last
playthrough I did not get a mushroom
giant mushroom on your farm
yeah oh I'm sorry yeah that's fine
George of your soda machines so deep
that I did like I do wish it did more
like I there was a whole ceremony
forgiving you thing and look what I
found already the mutant carp led well a
legendary fish a legendary fish gonna
good work good work I enjoyed tracking
the legendary fish down oh yes oh no
they they had a whole ceremony for me in
front of the old community center yes
just to make sure that piss on those
ashes absolutely and it was actually
like it was really nice where you know
the head of the judge Martin all the
employees were there all all of my
friends the village folk who would have
lost their jobs had the Joe Jamar
O'Donnell Wayne all my friends were
there to say hey thank you for helping
us with our community project this this
we actually first tested it here in
stardew valley because and now Joe Joe
is so happy they're implementing it
everywhere you have saved the village
there's a whole thing had a whole thing
rich put it this way uh a ver egde Owen
in chat actually Jack is playing this on
a switch right now so this is no longer
only on PC and isn't it on Xbox as well
I have no idea about that this might be
on everything
ya know I'm playing this I'm currently
playing this on the switch as you see my
funny switch controller right here this
it be on fucking everything I'm just
gonna check really quick
stardew valley it's on Windows it's on
Mac it's on Linux it's on PlayStation 4
it's on Xbox it's on the switch it's on
everything is the switch a good system I
really like it because it allows me to
play games like this portably doesn't
have a lot of games you were interested
in playing that's the question you
should be asking boom but secondarily
rich like cuz this all you know like a
lot of games that are on this are also
on PC or on other systems right sure
sure
and so then you need to say like where
do you want to play your games and see
for me that's either at my desk or on my
couch jigs a TV exactly that's not a
that's nothing yeah the portability is
just not a factor for me exactly exactly
but for some people it is and so then
you have to say well will enough games
come out to justify it I think I think
they have more games are coming out they
will not be at a loss for games seems
like a good game to play Porter this is
stardew valley like veal that's where I
get all of my hours in he's like
portable just like oh I got 10 minutes
I'll take it do a day right it's amazing
this game was made for a hand it penny
penny oh she's not reading that's why I
love that's why I love penny she's
Spencer's look look at her look up there
up up on the top up where on the top she
spends her Saturday morning just reading
in the garden
did you plant anything in that empty pot
no what I guess I haven't tried can you
plant anything no I don't know let me
get my seeds there's some I've got like
a bunch of like the that's where I keep
a lot of my chest and whatnot I'm
usually not up in the garden and notice
what's going on up there I think I'm
probably just blocked by things
let me see I think I have my seeds right
I put all my seeds my mom just stopped
by and said this game looks worse than
her farm game farmville would that be
would that be it
you know if it's not for you we're not
trying to push this game on anyone I
just I like it he's not right do I have
an apricot I don't have an apricot lady
there's a seed all right I'm gonna try
planting a beet seed in there and see
what happens a lot needed Jojo no you
cannot plant the seeds in there you're
hoping GameCube games start coming to
the switch as rumored oh that could be
father none available
I don't paid any attention to this not
that I know I wouldn't mind mario
sunshine guess it's not it's not
available many places I wouldn't mind a
remastering no mario sunshine that would
be great right let's get that widescreen
yeah yeah fuck yeah all right I miss
flood flood was a fine addition to 3d
Mario Mario Sunshine was great is great
Mario Sunshine is great gotta get my
coffee started right there's my coffee
and now we got to go pet our chickens
quack
okay pet yeah yeah I know okay okay
avoid chicken pet that chicken and my
two dinosaurs but they updated where you
can use the GameCube controllers on
switch now but does that have anything
to do with hinting that the porting
GameCube games over as much as it has to
do with people loving that controller
for Smash Brothers I can say that more
so that's like that's an indication that
they are bringing Smash Brothers to the
switch the Wii U version of Smash
Brothers now the version of Smash
Brothers that we all want it's not not a
thing that exists yet they don't have a
switch version of smash smash no I don't
know that we plan on streaming at Friday
but we definitely plan to play Mario
Odyssey yes yes we do
okay eggplants that's nice we definitely
plan on playing Super Mario Odyssey neck
cat alright
everything is pet do they have mario
maker on the switch no no they do have
Mario makers now out for the 3d s why
wouldn't have been on the switch why
wouldn't you do that the head they
haven't for the 3ds and they want to
make sure that the 3ds is also a still
still a viable system nobody owned
nobody own do we you know more people
bought of Wii U
yep and this is this is great get mario
maker game it's a there's a great Mario
maker game and Nintendo does you have to
worry about making content for the users
do that yep
why don't you why don't you move that
over to the switch that's a that's a
great question that is a question for
Nintendo I don't want to do today what
do I want to do today okay I know what
I'm doing today cave carrots bottle we
you to play The Wind Waker and Twilight
Princess mmm the Wind Waker shit yeah
windwaker winwaker was a fine game
winwaker is a fine game that we are
gonna get these geodes processed and
then we're gonna go back to the mines so
I can find that first dwarf squirrel
that's my plan rich okay that is my
official plan oh yes
my coffee is probably already done but
following I should say goodbye to so are
they gonna replace the 3ds with an other
handheld or is it just all gonna be
switched from here on out rumor area
according to Nintendo I shouldn't say
rumor according to Nintendo they do not
think of the switch as a portable as a
handheld system
oh they're fucking Liars this that's why
I you know Nintendo says that that is
not their handheld they have their 3ds
market they just came out with the what
is it what is it called the the 2d x SL
which is like a cheaper version of their
3ds that doesn't have the 3d
capabilities but still has the giant
screen right they're still making games
for it it is still very profitable you
know they just had a Nintendo Direct
yesterday now you know they now it's
animal crossing okay for your phone okay
their second official phone game don't
care about that Oh Karen's gonna go nuts
I know Karen's nuts for the animal
crossing hold on I have to dig in the
garbage nothing I never thought of a
switch as a handheld I I think the
switch was totally an attempt to save
their there they're lagging behind
console market by grafting it onto their
ridiculously successful handheld market
yes and but I I think if you are looking
for them to merge the two I don't think
it's gonna happen anytime soon
all right all right oh that was shitty
shitty bunch of geodes
fucking cliff Clint nothing no garbage
and there's nothing in the garbage
either we're going in the mines you know
we're just gonna start at the beginning
we're just gonna start at the beginning
because I got to find me some dwarf
squirrels
I have a problem I have three out of the
four dwarf Scrolls that you and you need
all four of them in order to talk to the
dwarf and like I don't necessarily like
even care about buying anything from I
just want to talk to him and so that's
gonna be a super letdown it's not it's
not amazing it's just a dwarf he's just
a dork no and you know what at this
point like like with everything in this
game it's just something to do oh sure
yeah sure
and it really bothers me because I have
scrolled two three and four
it bothers me that I don't have one you
know I believe though having the ability
to translate the language lets you read
the clue to get the super secret sword
wood there's a super secret super secret
sword shit
see now you're talking my language we
need a super secret sword there's a clue
to getting it in the graveyard
what you are not going to get this sword
is my guess what
probably not I'm on other things at the
moment right right but you know you
never know you never know when that star
to Valley it will come a scratching I
need to pick it up play it for a few
minutes that's the thing yeah you know
what is it Dale a day
what is a day twelve minutes two minutes
don't you go to sleep early sure sure
but I mean like if you if you go to
midnight right what's a date well honey
I'm not sure I'm not sure we looked into
this before but it's something like that
which is added 10 more hours of playtime
for Jack Rob I probably did you might
have theirs now that I know there's a
super-secret store I mean I have a
pretty badass sword right now my sword
is the lava katana so you know pretty
awesome
Lincoln Junior's is rich the last
episode of duck tales is on 10:28 binge
it up alright
we also ways of Mario Odyssey coming out
on the 27th and the new season of
stranger things I don't I don't know
when I'll get to it but doc tells us
it's on my agenda yeah yeah new duck you
haven't watched any of it anyone waiting
for an official susan bingen oh god big
like every everything is coming out on
like the 27th honestly fucking
everything Oh purple rock I forget
that's what you get in those oh oh yeah
amethyst you get the purple you get the
purple diamond like that figured it was
amethyst been trying to be sure ya know
and you know the this there's a lot of
bombs I have some bombs bombs can be a
really fast way to just clear off
totally sure but I usually wait till
something like this you know like
something where there's it you know like
there there's a fucking rocks but just
for the stragglers I'm not to worry just
a bunk need that squirrel
what is your opinion on video game wave
whose as more mature game fans nice
option in any any story to have a love
interest it's even nicer if you you
could pick you know the character you
liked most as your love interest but I
don't get super obsessive or weird about
it
hint hint right anyone listening
well yeah and it all depends on the game
we can talk about internet wave whose
when we play the next game that we're
going to play because I have some things
to say about that we're not gonna tell
people that is yet waifu look look I'm
not a weeaboo I don't know these things
way fo way if I think here here in
stardew valley what's really nice is I
like how they build up the relationship
and say you know you can have like the
little cutscenes with everyone and get
to you can actually like get to know
people and choose who you want to be or
if any and there's also the option just
not to have a wife I've seen I've seen
many people you know discuss which is
the best to start evaluating penny is
though I'm a little interested in Emily
Emily has some really interesting
hippie-dippie backstory stuff which i
think is fun
I've heard I've heard a decent argument
for Maru
apparently she's the smart one of the
group or no minis I think it's cringe
e'er that you know how to pronounce why
fool oh shit that means you've thought
about this a lot if you just know you
just know how to pronounce it and more
so than you're like going around
correcting other people that me you know
what that means that means not only do
you have you thought about this a lot
it's important to you but that's what's
creepy about that this is so important
to you that you want other people to get
it right
so
you know I guess it is what it is it is
what it is how about a big bomb right
there
get out fucking rocks I just don't need
anymore fucking rocks I've argued that
Lea's the coolest but I think marriage
and living on the farm would reduce her
too much as a character no Lea's the one
that that likes the outdoors in nature
farms perfect for her well inch
she has an arch she's basically living
just like she was in surrounded by
nature but she has a nicer house she's a
little art studio right yeah well and
you know what that is something I like
about the stardew valley is your love
interests life does not stop at marriage
like they continue to do shit which is
important the one who is diminished most
by getting married to you and start a
valley is Peru oh yeah she's got a
bright future as a scientist I've had
ahead of her you're right she's stuck on
a farm she's not she's not going to a
university she's not in a lab curing
cancer
you ruined my ruse light on murrow's
life is so right I get it or barefoot
and pregnant and stuck in a goddamn farm
this great mind
you're so right great scientific mind
waste listen I'm not saying I would
choose myrrh but I've heard a good
argument for but now I have a
counter-argument which is you are
ruining murrow's life
Demetrius might be a prick when he tries
to see you away from his daughter but it
turns out he is absolutely correct she
can do better and he has better things
to do with your life
fucking oh my god I never thought about
that rich this is why you're the voice
of a generation
they're never in the big rocks right
anything good lots of rocks cuz rocks
are useful like your fences you get like
dozens upon dozens of rocks for breaking
the big one I have I don't think you get
any Scrolls rings right I have 2,000
rocks good I'm not worried about having
more rocks fucking rocks
I'm just looking for scrolls and the the
number one dwarf scroll can be anywhere
in the minds at all from 0 to 120 so I'm
just going through hitting rocks looking
for dwarf Scrolls hey from Maru you
either trap her on a horrible farm or
your successful farmer who has enough
money to bankroll her intellectual
pursuits when does she pursue them after
you get married at what point in the
game does that happen when does she
leave the farm to go to her job at the
science lab yep when does this happen
when does she go to university this you
know what would be cool like if she like
had to leave for a while and you had a
long-distance relationship because she
was out at university doing something
with her mind you know you know what she
gets what she gets to occasionally take
her around with stuff in a room and
wonder what could have been that's what
she gets you were you ruined Murray's
life if you chose Burroughs I mean like
and you know like I get it
here you know here it's the delusion of
love like you love her and you want to
be around her but maybe being around you
isn't what's best for her if you love
something set it free I get it like make
it make a decision what do you want more
try hoeing the dirt like the dirt
patches I think you can get stuff that
way these dirt patches yeah really
maybe Wow well there's no there's no
wormies
ah look at that you can get stuff all
right hey shit I don't know that I have
legitimately forgotten about that I
didn't know that that's great what they
say you learn something new every day
this is what I've learned new today
thanks chat I didn't know you can doll
with the dirt patches neat
oh my god it's 11 o'clock already no
fuck it we're staying up late tonight if
you guys heard of Harvest Moon yes I
love Harvest Moon well I love some of
the older Harvest Moon games I don't
think the series has been good and like
over a decade now uh yeah I don't know
if I've ever played any of the original
harvest money's like this but a little
bit more hectic cuz like I said the days
are like half the length oh yeah yeah I
know it's getting late
yeah fucking cave carrot
it's a wonderful life slash friends of
Mineral Town were the last good ones I'd
say just friends of Mineral Town I don't
I don't think it's a wonderful life was
very good
what was that out for its own a gamecube
and I think they had a really poorly
optimized PlayStation 2 version that ran
like crap oh sure sure it's a Wonderful
Life bored maybe farm was too small and
I'm like the way they would jump ahead
years I know I know I know
I know it's late ok well this changes
everything the ability to hope how dirt
changes everything
and then and then you get old and die
you do that I'd live that's the ending
of it's a wonderful life you get old and
die then you know give you some closure
it gives you an end again I'm ok with an
end game I'm gonna sell this stuff I'm
just gonna go straight to bed
hey level up farming ooh
iridium sprinkler there's back to nature
with Friends of Mineral Town it's just a
gba port of yeah I love back to nature
but it certainly wasn't the last the
last would have been Friends of Mineral
Town the port of back-to-nature
I think I think they added enough and
changed enough for friends Mineral Town
like the art style for one is 100%
different oh yeah yeah like what is the
earth Salim back to nature is like that
isometric pseudo-3d
oh top down yeah and then Friends of
Mineral Town is just straight up sprites
like this okay stop down it's fun when
it sprites like this oh yeah I got some
I got some things I had some crafting
things quality fertile Oh SAP and fish I
like that else did I get
oh I got iridium sprinklers iridium is
like I like that takes so much water is
24 adjacent tiles yeah yeah that's the
shit oh shit
so wait so that's the eight around it
and then the next row around it
yes that's amazing
iridium bars are very hardened are you
kidding I think I only have one or two
at this point you gotta you have to do a
deep run in the desert mine yeah yeah
that's that that's what I that's what I
like to have a ton of rocks for you say
from rocks for that because you build
the staircases to get down in that mind
quicker because you get more iridium in
the desert mind the lower you go the
desert mine has no bottom and you only
start seeing a lot of iridium from like
level 200 and down oh Jesus so the goal
is to get to level 200 as quickly as you
can
sure
what did you give me woman I was read
you can also buy iridium sprinklers from
crocus one this he sells them one day a
week
I forget which day it's there a lot
there totally worthless
I can't that sounds amazing yeah that
sounds like it would be super helpful
okay I got to put all this shit away now
chant which which day of the week does
crow bus sell the Iridium sprinklers so
I have forgotten by 1:00 on Fridays all
right
yeah see but look I had so many rocks
rich I I just like I just already made a
bunch of staircases because I had so
many rocks like I was like I'll just
make some staircases I don't use them
see you like that I want to get you down
like ten levels exactly see what you do
is you don't build this turkeys ahead of
time you just bring the rocks with you
and then you build the staircases on
site sure and that way you can have like
a hundred staircases yeah I still have a
like over two thousand rocks I'm gonna
be fine
yeah the ten thousand ten thousand
dollars on Friday according to the chat
okay kind of worth it totally worth it
have I been watching the World Series
well they've only had one game so far
but yes I I expect the Dodgers to to
wipe the floor with the Astros
not that I hate the astros you hate
these this is just what I expect to
happen
sure Karen's Karen's routing for Houston
okay me I don't really I don't really
have a pony in this race hmm but any any
team that has like a fucking winning
percentage over 700 they are good they
totally fucking earned at the Dodgers
okay yeah I don't you yeah you were
talking about that the last time yeah
all right I'm okay with you rooting for
the Dodgers it was 642 I know they
dropped a lot of games near the end did
they drop that many they went under
that's a shame well alright then I don't
give a shit you then you but I just
don't give a shit you really have
nothing I guess I'll go back in the
mines today
I'm assuming George Bush senior's been
too old to attend
I remember the White Sox played the
Astros oh no five had apparently George
Bush Senior was a Houston fan of course
he was attending some of the games he's
still he's still around didn't didn't W
own the frickin Rangers Texas Rangers
it's a bit very possible insane no I
want to pick up hey thank you you don't
like to go outside win it right cannot
it chicken
this chicken constantly gets caught in
this corner and then it's like then
you're not gonna fuckin eat get out yeah
I wouldn't expect Denny Bush to look
very good at this point
Danny Bush daddy daddy bush senior that
that's that makes a ton more sense no
he's very we live in a world but you
have to distinguish oh yeah I heard
Danny Bush and I was like who's Danny
Bush is he a baseball player was he a
baseball
what I heard Danny boy's daddy yeah I
get that now yeah I don't think there
was a Danny Bush in baseball that's well
that's why I was you can see why I was
confused by it all that's fine
anything's fine you're affirming I get
it that's where your brain is you don't
give a shit about baseball helmet it's
fine
I don't and you know even if I did I'm
farming began my coffee I have so much
yeah and having this stuff in the
greenhouse means it's just coffee
forever
yeah though like nowadays huh how many
days does it take for them to grow beans
not this have been like three right well
you know it's a little off cycle because
I just kept planting as I got them so
sure it's off but no no I'm coming up at
once yeah but it does not take long at
all
oh I have my ancient fruit wine really
should keep one wine going at a time
maybe two I have a few ancient fruits I
get two wines brewing cat Valiant
bloodshot says have you guys been to the
YouTube channel I hate everything it's
very much inspired by heirloom and you
guys are mentioned he rails against
superheroes memes unboxing videos and
many other topics I am just not familiar
with them but I wish them the best yeah
you know nothing you know I'm usually a
pretty positive person and so I don't
know if I would necessarily be into a
challenge just a it's everything rich do
you think athletes should be able to use
steroids and other performance enhancers
maybe my answer is actually maybe I
wonder if I want to I want to see a
serious study about the actual health
risk and if if properly managed steroid
use does not have long term risks I
might be ok with it and then you just
take out the issue of who's cheating is
that the victory was tainted I feel like
that is something that has been studied
and everyone just agrees that it's bad
for your body right I mean I I know
nothing about sports but I can only
imagine that

[Part II]
it works oh my I have I have no idea
what happened there so uh we we put
these microphones into the zoom h6 and
that gets plugged in to xsplit right the
zoom h6 has volume indicators on it or
you know level indicators and so when we
talk we can see the green line bob up
and down on the h6 the h6 everything was
fine it was in xsplit something clicked
over and it started flipping the fuck
out no he wasn't making I have no idea
what kind of noise it was making I
Mexican them yeah what happened guys
what did it sound like what did it sound
like on your end static static alright
yeah I have no idea what happened next
time do we have a mute microphone button
oh we should on that this is mute yeah
hey yeah so next thing that happens we
have a quick wave I didn't even know
what was happening I thought I just
thought we were dead I just thought that
sound when I was right right right
so we we fixed it that's all that
matters
maybe well for now that's all that
matters but how strange
Oh No look I have three iridium bars I
could get some iridium supreme could you
could or you could level up one of your
tools if you get to Mordor I feel like
the iridium level tool just you know
like I just don't care about having a
decision it's probably better it's
probably better to have uh sprinklers
right but here's the thing that the
sprinklers I guess if you buy them from
the shop on Fridays easier to come by
well then too many rocks I just have too
many fucking rocks rocks bombs it's 11
a.m. it's 11 a.m. already rich
it's Sunday I could check the you know
what I might as well change over my
coffee and eggs as long as I'm over here
300 on dresses sorry about that loud
noise I just farted
Oh Rachel you a gym carry fan
no really I don't hate him I don't hate
him but no I never I don't dig a check
that much Ace Ventura was funny the
first time I saw it and then I was done
really yeah
oh man I saw a sprinter and I was hooked
fucking hooked but he kept going stop is
everyone I'm really excited about John
and Andy or Jim and Andy what is it
what's the movie called Jim and Andy
it's a documentary about the making of
man on the moon all right there man in
the man in the moon yeah yeah and
apparently you know like Jim Carrey got
so into the character of Andy Kaufman
that he was mirroring a lot of his
behaviors on set and would like refuse
to get out of character at points and it
got it got a little insane and and it's
coming to Netflix I don't know that he
was all that great and man in the he was
great and man in the moon you're an
you're an insane person junk
again what's the stuff to sell I don't
think as rubber faces our genius
no they're just goofy faces sorry but
it's not it's not terrible I don't hate
them just don't love Jim Carrey
plink
Jim and Andy is what it's called Thank
You captain nitpick for the trailer it
looks it looks good if you liked the
movie or Andy Kaufman in general it
looks like a fun watch looks like a fun
not watching about go so all this crap
maybe I'll go back to the lines
Domon Dumb and Dumber was the
end-all-be-all for quite some time as
far as The Truman Show Jim Carrey should
have played one of the actors pretending
to be the protagonist friend more so
than the protagonist he was so good in
the Truman Show but he was so fucking
good he would have been better as
someone playing a fake sitcom character
he could have also done that but he was
so fucking good in that lead role I'm
not saying I hate Jim Carrey and
everything he's done it sounds like
you're saying you hate Jim Carrey and
everything he's done and you wish that
he would never become an actor that's
what it sounds like you're saying
all right all right we're good I love
when Rich realizes he's wrong his voice
goes up four octaves ah you like to
believe I realize I'm wrong as you
disagree with me that's so cute you know
here's here's a little trick on how how
to how to spot when Rich realizes he's
wrong and you know like I think I've
known you for long enough for ya
right I know all the tricks now is is
what will happen is ritual go oh you
know that thing I talked about I think I
was wrong about that upfront yeah yeah
and you'll just go you know like I heard
this but I think of what I heard was
wrong and so yeah I think I was wrong
about that
that's the little it's a little trick
and it's hard to notice but that's how
you spotting people back to the mine oh
that's right oh when I oh we can hold
this whole area rich we're gonna we're
gonna hoe it we're gonna howl it hard if
you've given up the coffee farm you've
gone into prostitution it's a viable
it's a viable life rich I mean let's be
honest is basically what marriage is in
this game got to give all the gifts you
know take anyone out on dates you just
give a presence until they're your wife
dating mechanic we could use a dating
mechanic dating mechanic and I guess
that's that's an interesting idea jack
and you know like that's kind of the
gifts cuz you have to theoretically you
have to learn what people like right and
so it's kind of in there but you know
maybe maybe a some sort of date like
like you find out that you know later
figure out where they'd like to go right
Leia really likes camping and so you
take her on a camping trip or yeah
something like that
doesn't care for the movies all that
much mmm don't take Leia into town she
doesn't like going to the city right
right right right
just kind of an extra way to get to know
people Leia Leah whatever is it layer
Leah I'm terrible with stuff like that
Star Wars is probably forever fuck me up
of how to pronounce Li la oh I only lean
this is great this is just nothing it's
not giving me much I love to know that I
can hoe in these areas though I'd love
to know that I can hoe it up gotta find
me this dwarf scroll it's aggravating to
me that I
it's especially aggravating to me that
I'm missing one
you know like number one out of four I
have two three and four like how did I
miss the first one you know should have
come to me in order I'm sorry you should
be I blame you uh rebel basis hey guys
rebel base was wondering if you knew
about the Punisher series releasing on
November 17th yes you are gonna do your
Punisher retrospective we were gonna do
a Punisher retrospective oh I
we off handedly mentioned how that could
be a fun video before the new Punisher
series comes out as take a look at the
Dolph Lundgren Pow Wow the Thomas Jane
Punisher the the other Punisher war zone
which is supposed to be good actually
it's probably not gonna happen there's
so much shit don't remember that it was
it was an offhanded remark oh we thought
it would be a fun idea it still could be
a fun idea I just don't see it happening
cuz I know the all the other videos that
are being made yeah Cyrus the mild cold
says did you hear that
Amazon wants to install a smartlock plus
camera in your home dwarfs gray I got
that one wrong Jack doesn't care about
having his privacy violated because he
just found the dwarfs cool I wasn't even
I was a half paying Amazon wants you to
do what now wait I just got the fucking
dwarf scroll rich that's what I was
working towards and I did it why do you
care about my mom I'm sorry well that's
fine go talk to the dwarf okay yeah
we're her gaming streaming I think the
game takes priority
sometimes it does you did the thing that
you've been trying to do well I think I
have to donate it before I talk to the
dwarf right I'm not like Karen when I'm
gonna shit on the moment where you
finally you know kill Jason in a game
I'm not gonna do that let's talk to that
fucking dwarf Jack and I love that clip
so much jeez Karen just could not care
less
we killed Jason and Karen goes yeah I've
been reading some books I need to donate
it to the music oh that's right so in
the museum's closed oh no you know we'll
take a leisurely walk through town see
if there's anything to pan for anyone
who doesn't know oh you know Oh a kit I
brought an extra weapon that I can sell
at the guild here okay so what's the
same as I want to do they want to
install a smartlock and camera in your
home so the delivery guy can enter and
leave packages when you're not home it's
dumb on so many levels
as long as it's optional I don't give a
shit if somebody wants to do that so
long as it's optional install a
smartlock on your home I don't know what
makes it a smart log and just just just
have one key the Amazon guy can use I
don't know well no you have to have like
80,000 yeah he's a smart lock that the
Amazon guy could enter your home and
leave your pet so here's the thing you'd
only want to do this yeah if you
frequently have expensive things shipped
to your home that you're worried about
somebody's stealing Raj but they would
have you know probably just expensive
things you're giving the Amazon delivery
guy access and knowledge to who gets
expensive things delivered to their home
on a regular basis it's the system is
right for abuse you know I totally agree
and I guess if you are getting if you
are often getting expensive things
delivered to your house make sure
someone's there get it get a babysitter
or something you know I did it yeah that
seems like a terrible idea okay
that seems like a terrible idea in case
anyone has never seen the quarry you can
unlock this quarry area which is total
bullshit
this quarry area let me tell you about
this quarry area not worth it I agree
jack
I agree like new rocks pop up every once
in a while and then like when you send
them or shit rocks ninety percent of our
shit rocks I just got one some or like
this quarry is replaced by two levels of
the mine it's not you know like
basically your only unlocking this to be
a complete one one level of the mind
right sometimes not even that and I get
it it's just like a little bonus thing
but it is not worth it at all so if you
have to prioritize a thing down like
green house number one get your green
house that is helpful all the time but
don't don't fucking worry about that
quarry awesome TV you know screw you I'm
not reading that it's fair you get to
choose what you read that's totally fair
no way thanks thanks for five dollars
like okay I hear by the way here's
here's my I have a counter I have a
counter system yeah I'm gonna call it
the Jack Assam system uh-huh that I'm
gonna sell the people what it is is it's
a box that can go on your porch with a
lock on it that's that's a better idea
and that's it like it's just a box it's
like the box isn't big enough huh what
if the box isn't big enough if you're
getting something that fucking big be
home be home for that shit like or most
likely it's just every random everyday
stuff so you get a big box and it works
just like a fucking mailbox where
someone can drop in a package but then
it drops down into a locked area and
it's just a box with a lock on it share
that lock information with your Amazon
delivery guy not that not a key to your
fucking house I'm getting a little David
Lynch II here who would watch a movie on
their goddamn iPhone
but yeah I think giving someone you know
what I'm with you I'm here it's late at
night and think through some garbage
Steve Zissou tenses Congrats on finding
the dwarf scroll Jack I feel really good
about finding the door scroll
congratulations
I've been I've been trying to do that
for a while tomorrow I'm gonna donate it
to the museum we're gonna have a little
sit-down with the dwarf first I'm gonna
dig through some oh shit no he didn't
see me
he'd probably see me if I dug through
this garbage right but he's facing a
different direction who's that oh I
wouldn't what's that yeah but Kent's not
my friend anyway if you don't give a
shit then do it I don't care what I'm
doing you want you know your insult man
no we didn't notice okay just dug
through your garbage turn around right
after you did it yeah that was close one
yeah really close one that caught
rummaging and the garbage can like a
hobo but I could have gotten I could
have gotten a slice of bread or
something rich you know commit see and
we were just talking about tangerine
being filmed on a fucking iPhone today
have you seen the rig they used to film
that movie I like it was filmed with an
iPhone hooked up to a lens rig it was
not just filmed on an iPhone there was a
whole bunch of Hubbell Balu around to
film tangerine that wings dad Dwarfs
Grover hold on dear now we'll get over
that
keep alright making some decisions here
do keep the iron keep the coal get my
eggs and coffee beans switch that out
before it gets morning I know I know
it's leak time today get all my beans
today yeah yeah I did
alright great every you know what
everything's going great everything's
going great I feel good about today
today was a productive day it happened
it finally happened my bombs away we
don't need their bombs anymore finally
got your scroll and got my scribe and I
can't use it you can't use it yet check
hey that doesn't matter
you can't doesn't matter I got it I got
it that's all that matters don't sell
the scroll that's important don't sell
the scroll all right and bedtime
wait are you barrel-aging coffee in this
game yes the the the only way to brew
coffee so like you know the bean is
obviously come from the plant but the
only way to make coffee is to put five
coffee beans in your keg and that brews
the coffee right right five coffee beans
equal one cup of coffee that was pretty
productive damn but if you want to think
about it as barrel-aged I'm gonna be
okay with that and you know it's in a
keg with a tapper so we could even think
about it as nitro coffee and I don't
know if you guys have ever had
iced coffee or cold brew coffee through
Nitro but it's amazing they they put
they put it into a thing like for beer
with a nitrous with nitrous oxide
nitrous injector and it makes it smoothy
smooth and creamy
it's
right nitro coffee hey baby what's her
favorite Star Trek
why can't say I can't speak for my I
don't know
I could presume but I have nine I don't
know for sure I'm gonna said TNG I'm
also gonna say TNG then TOS then ds9
prepare chickens at the door again hi
everybody hi chickens so I wish the mild
cold saw American vandal and Jack's
recommendation oMG it's so great
oh yeah glad you liked it by the time it
ends you're totally invested in the
characters and it transcends the dick
joke premise ten of ten this that's the
real thing with American vandal is like
it's it starts off just as a parody you
know like it's just like ha true crime
true cut crime about you know someone
drawing dicks right right right
real funny there we go
but you get invested in the mystery you
get invested in the story but they keep
like the whole thing is about someone
drawing dicks and so like it echo it
ebbs and flows where you just like super
into the mystery super into like oh man
I'm gonna visit dick joke it's it's
great I might need to watch this
I really think you would if because I
know you like true crime stuff I think
you would enjoy it but then like you
know it's also it also gets a little
meta sometimes because the guy or the
kids who are making this are in the high
school AV Club yeah and so like they're
filming a lot in school and then it
becomes popular and people like start
noticing them filming when they're
trying to film their dramatic b-roll and
like other students like hey what are
you doing you're working on the
documentary it's fun now it's great I
can't recommend American vandal enough
so I have a question for you Jay Oh
I'm just doing this the whole night now
is that the plan no okay the well we've
been over an hour I'm just let you know
well you know I guess that's the thing
it depends okay last I checked we still
had a ways to go with our download of
the other other thing we were thinking
about playing hold on I'll check that
real quick because they can't see we're
gonna keep it a Miss it is it is still
downloading while we play all right of
course yeah oh yeah okay oh sorry what
time did we start we started a little
before 4:00 right yeah okay yeah it's
just been an hour we're fine we're fine
well we'll have time we should have time
to play at least an hour or so of this
as well okay okay um just I mean I could
play stardew valley and if you want to
that's fine
all my but you know there's some things
that I want to talk about with the other
thing so yeah it's not it's not shadow
of one we were thinking about playing
we're thinking about it something
arguably more interesting came up the
you know for you the viewers pretty well
that's the thing and you know we we
could have played shadow of Mordor and
jibber-jabber about nonsense and whatnot
but there's actually something gameplay
wise that that I wanna that I have
something to talk about and I know rich
would at least be interested in and
engaged in the conversation hopefully
you know speaking though speaking of
shadow of war and more Lord of the Rings
yeah a question okay I'm right lore the
Rings right Lord of the Rings is the
ending of the trilogy is the ending of
Lord of the Rings is that is that sad or
pathetic or I or put is it pathetic
or is it poetic which ending are we
talking about you a Frodo failing to
complete his mission wasting everybody's
time for three movies and then Gollum
accidentally saving the day I'm not sure
if it's pathetic or poetic
well I'm gonna call it poetic uh-huh
because one it shows the power of greed
and gal gollum gollum gollum is then
defeated by the ultimate power which is
greed yeah right because go Gollum could
have gotten out he could have saved
himself but he wanted his precious yeah
so I'm gonna say it's poet it's poetic I
think it's poignant to the point of the
story which is this big burden actually
did defeat Frodo I know I know it's
magic is there is there enough of a
reason to actually walk the ring you
don't get much out of it
you get invisibility I know I know the
magical lore of magic green I get it
well I was gonna say I think that go
into this a little bit more in the books
better it's been a long time since I
read the box uh-huh but it's it's not
it's not just the magical lure of greed
it the ring actually has control over
you like the ring it calls to you it's
it's more akin to well if it's taking
over your mind rather than tempting you
that's less interesting to me it needs
to be a temptation
though I think the way that Tolkien
describes it is he doesn't describe it
like this but what I took away from it
was it's like a drug where like it has
this like buzz about it it has this
power okay and when you don't have it
anymore it's like you want that out you
the feeling of power back okay so that's
how I've always interpreted it I
obviously could be wrong also
Samwise is so much more than fucking
Frodo it's so much what so much better
than fucking Frodo well yeah but he's
Sam wise all the way but Sam wise also
didn't carry the burden as long rich Sam
why he said didn't he relinquished it
though once once the it came up I had it
for a while right the ring a little bit
but like he didn't have it nearly as
often as for him he did volunteer no but
he did voluntarily give it up when when
the time came to give it back to Frodo
right yes but that's not that's not
comparable
okay okay if frodo is the attic Samwise
is a person who had a drink once and was
okay not having another one you know if
we're gonna go with that metaphor so I
don't know if that's comparable Sambo
same wise is a fine carry is it possible
that he's somewhat immune just because
Sam was relatively humble he just just
wants to be with his wife in the Shire
well that's why they say like that's why
they say hobbits in general okay can
hold you know cuz if a man if a man
takes the ring or woman you know if a
human takes the ring they are instantly
corrupted but they say that hobbitses
because of their demeanor can actually
hold the ring for as long as they can
okay
yeah and chad is right he was not
married yet he was just interested in
some ladies all right what am I gonna do
today I got my dwarf scroll well I'm
gonna go talk to the dwarf of course but
is that all I'm gonna do today
I should check on that tree for more
resin we'll go for a little horse trip
horse ride we're gonna go to a horse
ride to the museum check in on penny she
likes it when I visit her at work
she thinks it's special Sam is not
adventurous at all that's that's also
true Sam is not an adventure II he's
more than happy to stay in the Shire
whereas Frodo wanted to get out which I
guess you know adds to that a lure a
lure of the ring its power its adventure
resin nice I'm thinking about this
because I kind of want to play shet over
on my own if not on stream okay so I've
been waiting it well I've been play the
first one cuz I never actually finished
the first one oh I just I just fucked
around enjoying the Nemesis system yeah
yeah and I didn't really care that much
about finishing the story okay so I
never actually finished shadow of Mordor
oh I'm playing that and I I was just
reading just about some of this stuff in
Wikipedia just out of curiosity and cuz
he even never read The Lord of the Rings
apparently the cartoon ends differently
than I remember it ending this I saw the
cartoon version when I was a kid the the
rankin/bass skirts yeah okay apparently
I read in the Wikipedia it ends much the
same way where Gollum bites off the ring
and falls into the lava I did I see an
entirely different animated version when
I was younger were Samwise cut off
Frodo's hand did that happen anywhere or
is this some kind of Mandela effect
thing going on for me I clearly remember
the Rankin and bass one ending with Sam
cutting off fritters hand and the hand
falling into the lava
leftover beefcake is saying it was the
anime version so there's a entirely
different version and that's the one
that I saw and I was a kid I have never
heard of the version where Sam cuts off
Frodo's hand that's how I thought it
ended for the longest time I was gonna
shack in the theater when it was going
oh that was a joke
oh and everyone beefcake that was a joke
beefcake you can't joke we take it
seriously no I have not
of this I've never heard of this I'm
experiencing my own Mandela effect then
so obviously I am miss remembering
something you are at well or maybe yeah
you are absolutely missing miss miss
remembering something did he use the
fact face oh sorry I missed it's hard to
the way we have chat hooked up it's hard
for me to see the emojis sorry guys yeah
rich you're just in an alternate
universe maybe that's what you wanted to
happen because you like to Sam so much
that's possible and your and in your and
your head Sam saves the day doing my
reward dwarfish translation guide
teaches me dwarvish boom alright now
where was it do I have my book on on the
dwarf sword
what does Nelson Mandela have to look up
the Mandela effect crazy New Age people
think they're living in a different
universe because they remember something
different than how it actually happened
wait I write in my book but I can't read
dwarf yet did you give did you talk to
him to do the thing did he get this role
yeah and I got my dwarfish translation
I'm gonna hear something well here's
what I'm gonna say maybe you need to
refresh the screen go back in and read
it out you're probably right maybe need
to talk to the dwarf
I got my dwarfish translation guide
check the garbage all right you know
what horse you stay you stay here you
stay here horse check the garbage I'll
be here I'll be back horse you stay
there
also known as self dilute well the
Mandela effect speaks specifically to
people who believe that what they
remember is so true that there must be a
distortion of reality to make it not
true right but I was just some weird
thing I was reading the Wikipedia page
on the Rankine ambass Return of the King
and it just ends entirely differently
than I remember it ending
according to the Wikipedia page an
unqualified bar well oh and unqualified
so maybe whoever edited that Wikipedia
page also remembers it incorrectly
that's possible oh the synopsis
describes Gollum biting off Frodo's
finger in that version as well yes
unless that unless the Wikipedia entry
is wrong possible oh hey wait how do i
buy stuff from you
there we go oh cool okay we can buy
bombs now oh that's a cool looking rare
crow I like that I'm gonna buy that from
you I like that
all right great
good talking with you dwarf so the dwarf
talks to me I got a cool dwarf rare crow
so now we're gonna head back into town
and I'm gonna try to read that dwarf
book what's the fuck what's the fuck
rich do you have a four you sure you
sure you gave him all four I just talked
to the what sitting on them oh she could
talk to the dwarf but you can't read
that
yeah all right go to the cemetery can
you read the one tombstone that was
dwarvish let's find out hi-ho sack
stand between the pillars three with
gift as precious as the sky oh I know so
it's working
a rainbow forged from land not sea then
galaxies will heed your Christ and
between the pillars three hey girl
where's the kids why are you teaching
the kids and Chad I don't think I am
misremembering and the Empire Strikes
Back because there was some I didn't see
empire in the theaters and there was
like a weird delay when Empire
eventually came to video I didn't see
Empire till way late in the game
like later 80s and I saw the return of
the thing that was like really young I
remember when I saw that so I think I
saw that Return of the King cartoon
before I saw the Empire Strikes Back
hmm maybe I need to sleep on it maybe
Shawn might be a weird it might be a
weird glitch might be a weird glitch oh
listen I got the scroll I can talk to
the dwarf now that was the real goal all
this other stuff is bonus oh wait I
guess I got some geodes to process here
all this other garbage is bonus
go make another keg it's not in dwarvish
the book is a different secret oh is
that why well there you go
mmm I totally remember Sam cutting for
IRA's hander his finger off how crazy
yeah thought it was the hand though I
think I think it's great just remember
it that way because that's more fun how
about that get out of the way damn it go
why aren't you working
I donate I can't we're having some
issues here rich we're having some some
switch issues
I can't donate to these tiles and I want
to I have a whole donation system here
like I put it here and a whole donation
system weird weird yeah awesome TV says
watched Gerald's game and 1922 unknit
flicks super good and sorry for being
mean rich please unban me from shadows
I'm in a band you'll be fine
purple space bazooka says you got get
over it sometimes like yeah people get
banded speaking of American vandal yeah
the whole follow the spray can party
breakdown was the best thing I've seen
in ages blew my mind thanks for the
recommendation Jack can't recommend it
enough I don't want to give away too
much but yeah yeah they do they do they
do good work they do good work with that
show Highlander ek says the ring in Lord
of the Ring improves your natural skills
habits are sneaky so it makes them
invisible
waitjust only hobbits go invisible
warrior would become very strong wizard
would be granted godlike powers that's
why Gandalf is afraid of it hmm all
right
hmm all right cool
yeah it's been a while it's been a while
since I've read since I've read the old
lotr I already have these I try to keep
at least you know one or two of every
gem hanging around just in case I needed
for something later I mean I mean
another crate
I need another crate I need a gem only
crate nonsense hi guys oh no no thanks
for the early stream welcome rich Mike
loves to poke fun at you during best of
the worst and you've had to do some
weird stuff as blanket for half in the
bag was has there ever been a time where
you said nope I'm out have I have I ever
been asked to do something and I flat
out said no well you've already talked
about the Darth Vader mask before that I
think is a fair example you didn't say
no I didn't say no but I insisted I'm
wearing the mask right you so you could
retell that story as an example to get
your brain warmed up yeah the the the
jerking off a droid I said I'll do it
but I'm gonna be wearing a mask cuz the
gifts gonna be everywhere yes outside of
the context of the video
and so then you insisted I'm wearing a
Darth Vader mask what I can't think of
anything was just outright known if
there was it was forgotten about it
wasn't a big deal so right the mask
makes it though yes a win-win right
again right like Mike doesn't actually
hate bait whoa rich you're ruining the
whole bit
these are called jokes people the jokes
the meant for joking no you wait when
you we can smelt into something so you
go into this one which is the snuffing
this no patrol says I think you are very
good at this game that is my opinion
thank you and Godspeed
love NOLA Patrol Thank You Mel patrol uh
you know it's it's this game is hard to
be bad at guess how do you how would you
be bad at stardew valley just don't do
anything what if you just don't want to
do anything oh then I guess you're doing
what you want to do see what's the
matter oh shit
see you see the conundrum here pink you
see the conundrum how much to donate for
you to jerk off a droid with no mask
enough that I could buy a house like a
nice house paid in full after taxes like
a nice house a nice house how big how
many bedrooms that's the question how
many bedrooms I'm honest a 4/4 fucking
bedroom is dedicated like I can turn one
into a pool room like billiards more
like basement that more like a basement
like a finish so you want a busy three
bedroom but a nice basement okay and
maybe not finished but finish a bowl
three to four hundred thousand yeah
alright three to four hundred thousand
minimum three hundred thousand we could
make that work minimum
that's fair rich that's fair everybody
has everybody has their costs and as
long as you know what yours is I have a
cost yeah I have a cost everyone has a
price Jack that's totally fair me and
our man taught me that the Million
Dollar Man
everyone has price was one of us
gimmicks he would pay people to do
humiliating things wait what oh is this
a wrestlers wrestling thing I thought
you were talking about I thought you're
talking about the Six Million Dollar Man
no and I was like wait a minute
that's a different thing wait a minute
he paid people to do humiliating this I
thought he was like a hero
what a strange universe that was a
totally different thing did you see they
added Foxx to the Friday the 13th game
rich like fox mulder like an actual like
it like it just a fox an actual woodland
creature that just runs around what the
fuck do you mean need more information
poor fat boy is there like a free
character now who's just like
anthropomorphic Fox Jesus let's go in
the game more we already have bathing
suits which admittedly are attractive to
look at on some of the characters but
also do break a little bit of that
horror immersion you know a little a
little give a little play there we need
some more wood
oh now you get the killer's Jason if the
person layers they should that should
have been like from the get-go oh that
is a great of depth if a person drops
out you still get the kill I think I
think if you're mid animation to it
should finish the animation properly the
satisfaction of reshef in that action
that is that might be some like back-end
stuff where they just can't you know
well I I think the way to fix that is
just make it unbelievable once the
animation is started it's just it's
locked in so you have to like escape the
game like just leave the game if you
wanna if you wanna get out interesting
yeah that's that's probably some
technical mumbo-jumbo that you and I
don't understand but sure sure you know
technical mumbo-jumbo whatever the Nerds
do yeah King you know I should really
move start moving all these kings where
where'd I get Sam cutting off photos
hand from where I get it from you you
have to be you have to be mashing two
things together right so like maybe it's
not an empire thing but maybe it's some
other weird animation that reminded you
like maybe the same company they did
that Lord of the maybe maybe does
someone cut off a hand and I don't know
a secret of NIMH cuz that's a fucking
weirdo cartoon so you know like it's
gotta be it's gotta be in another one of
a weirdo cartoon like that that that you
just missed him together
that's a great coat secret name is
locked up that movie that movie man that
is just all sorts of messed up H barred
with regards to the Mandela effect
people really mad that they've been
transported out of a universe with
lesson Nelson Mandela and more Sinbad
movies it's not so much that they're mad
about it it's just that they believe it
like they're right what what you have
what you have here is a situation in
which a person is still unable to
understand that they're wrong that they
have to leave the boundaries of
understood physics to explain they can't
be wrong the universe has to be wrong
right it's way worse than you think not
only are these people like miss me
remembering something but but they are
so unable to be wrong that everything
else in the universe has to be like I'm
I'm happy to admit yeah I'm obviously
wrong about the Lord of the Rings
cartoon right right
it's just a question of where did I get
this them right now you just wanna solve
them is what is going on right do people
actually believe this or are they just
fucking around people believe some
strange ship people believe some strange
and dumb shit there's no accounting for
people's beliefs i I have a friend back
in Illinois when I was about the high
schooler that believes aliens left him a
message in a pattern in like the rocks
outside the ground of of the place he
worked that there was something strange
about the
and the aliens were trying to send him a
message Oh and he he seems to genuinely
believe that oh no that poor person so
people believe weird things yes yes you
know that's just that's just part of
that's part of life right there people
believe weird stuff and there's nothing
you can do to fix that about them then
you just have to you know hope that it
doesn't mess up your day too much you
know what I had some nice Rockman I'm
gonna start planning out my my my keg
inning here I mean you know what I'm
gonna do it I'm gonna make some Pat's I
have all these rocks and I start making
some pads that would be nice while we
wait for things to download where's all
my what my pants go they put them in
here here yeah there I have to I have
too many uh I just had too many things
all right we're gonna make some nice
stone paths Joramun says in the book
there's an entire extra section where
the hobbits go back to the Shire which
has been industrialized and ruined by a
disguised cerumen his ultimate fate is
actually is the actual pathetic ending
are you kidding Saruman turns a little
Hobbit village into some kind of
industry that happens in the book wait I
thought that was just a nightmare
I thought that was the nightmare that
they envisioned that that or maybe that
was just the way the movie handled
something that was just horribly stupid
it's been so long since I've read the
books I just don't really remember I
just don't get those books
she's not at all I don't I don't you
know like I'm not gonna mile I
understand I guess I kind of understand
why people get into this this deep lore
so much so much detail I get that but
it's not for me yeah
generally speaking I'm not a huge fan of
that kind of fantasy but I get it I get
it I'm gonna start making some paths
here I tried reading Fellowship of the
Ring I I don't think I made it to the
first chapter oh really
yeah bring you guys up yeah Ken I don't
like you guys there also I planted all
these during a lightning storm and got
some batteries and it is not lightning
since it's really upsetting like like
how do the hobbits beat the wizard
sorrow man do they do some like some
goofy scooby-doo esque thing where they
they catch him in a wonky contraption
like how to how these little hobbits
beat this immensely powerful wizard they
convince the trees to fight for them
didn't you see the news
Kenny cast fireball on the trees he's a
wizard well yeah but these are magic
trees and they fight bad magic trees are
immune to fireballs no no some of them
get burnt horribly but they fight back
some of them die actually you know what
that's a you know in the movies and like
I said I'm gonna only reference the
movies because it's been so long since
I've read the books that's actually a
really good section of them have you not
seen the movies long I haven't seen any
of the extended dishes some the fungal
versions only like that's actually a
really neat part of the movie is the two
other hobbits not not Sam and Frodo
yeah hang out with like you know the old
magic trees like the trees who have been
around since before the time of man and
hobbits and they don't want to get
involved in the war because you know to
them it's like this war will be over and
it won't matter to us because we're
trees and we'll be here
- you all are done with your stupid war
right right and they convinced the trees
to get involved because they show them
that like no this will hurt the trees -
and this really neat scene yeah merry
and pippin it's fun that's I liked that
I like that part these guys need to be
far apart from each other no probably
not right yeah you guys over here we're
gonna we're gonna organize the farm a
little bit with our time all right we
got to go to bed but we're gonna move
our Kings tomorrow we're gonna do a
whole thing I'm gonna check on that
download how long we've been going it's
5:40 - so it's been half an hour since
we checked okay what's that what's our
up time looking like oh shit oh shit
it's almost 2 o'clock oh fuck fuck fuck
oh damn it oh I'm gonna fall asleep
outside my damn in 1 hour and 57 minutes
and 23 seconds ago okay well we'll go a
little bit more cuz then we can cut this
up that's fine in two - that's fine
instead of having it just one which is
something we have to think about now I
know dream Itsuki I noticed too late I
know it's too late it got too late
I fell asleep outside my house and now
they're gonna charge me money to drag me
two feet into my bed god damn it
sleeping outside like a homeless person
or you know like someone who camps I
wish oh you know would be nice in this
game a tent
yeah like if you're if you're trapped
and you can't get home you know make it
too easy
just stay out well maybe it takes a lot
of resources to get yourself a tent yeah
but then you could like just hang in the
mines for two days straight are you
anyone I have to leave the mine that's
what I'm saying god that's too much it's
too much
no smooches
yeah what did you what did you charge me
what did you charge me you bastards
1000g it's not it's nothing like a game
it's not them you're fine you're fine
medica theme was okay that's a few fish
yeah no that's nothing like a lot of
times though like if you fall asleep in
the mine they're like not only did we
have to charge you for medical expenses
but it looks like someone picked your
pocket and you're missing some items and
I'm like someone picked my pocket
fucking Jojo I know what's up don't
think I don't know what's up all right
coffee beans got you why you pad all my
guys hello guys dude one more day here
and then we will we'll move on to the
next game as to assuming that it's done
downloading which I assume it is should
I read this name out loud okay the top
one no right in the middle
it'll give us something to talk about
Joe just reading that name I'll um yeah
all right
easy peasy japanesey
says Jack what's your favorite Smash
Brothers I personally love melee so you
know here's before we get into Smash
Brothers uh-huh that's how I learned the
phrase by reading that name no no that
you know cuz you know now nowadays I say
easy peasy lemon squeezy oh okay
but back in the day that's what everyone
said easy peasy japanesey
yeah I don't know it's probably bad to
say it hey I don't know is whoever and
it's not worth going there except was
what I would say well and that's that's
the real thing we're it's like I am
unsure if that is a racist thing to say
that's why I just say lemon squeezy cuz
it's a lot easier uh-huh I don't know if
it is but yeah you just want to stay
away from it I guess but like yeah I
don't think there's anything wrong and
reading that name but I think that was a
good you know good question good you we
gotta be cautious because we we record
ourselves and now people have that all
right okay we got no I don't want you I
want coffee
here we go what movie was i damaged some
old guy says that easy peasy Jeff yeah
that's probably where I learned to fry I
have no idea then in Shawshank Shawshank
I think Brooke says that at some point
oh that could be that could be no that's
just like that's how that's what the
saying was since forever
you know I think that's where I heard it
Shawshank Redemption is probably where I
heard him oh yeah yeah like I like we
were even saying that since forever but
if you know growing up in the country
you grew up around some mildly racist
folk so like that's why I can't be sure
that's why you can't be sure
half-hearted says buff hearted hey guys
I either missed the response or my tip
got skipped either way of my apologies I
think thank for the weary stream
I said weary not early I'm really so
gnarly
the weary stream hey everyone were
playing some stardew valley how far did
you have no other tips from today
there's nothing I missed oh my I might
have gotten eaten can I make Mayo out of
dinosaur eggs
I've just been selling them can you make
dinosaur egg mail yes you can what does
it turn out like regular my ores are a
special dye no mayo I don't know we're
about to find out cuz I just put it in
the mail machine we are about to find
out
this time it's lupus hey guys hi bunch
of us watched extra last night because
October sure got me thinking yeah you
guys loved it and best of the worst
number three we sure did if you watched
it today would you feel the same how
about other best of the worst movies you
like now we just magically would not
like it i I wasn't his love it with
extra as everyone else was but I'm not
much of a horror movie guy right it was
well I could I could say it was well
made I would say that it well especially
for what we usually watch on yeah the
worst yeah shockingly well made yeah
that that if you guys saw it in chat the
movie dicks that that whole sequence of
the creature crossing the road and the
man berthing out blueglas oh man it was
crazy I remember 10 years ago now or so
okay remember the this the the thing
that walked on all fours
anybody first like shows up on earth the
x-ray somebody passed that clip off to a
new station is actual footage they turn
and they aired it as a story
what is wit I think I'm gonna take a
picture of at the side of the road
fuckin local news what are you gonna do
right what are you gonna do with those
guys with those Jokers
I think our keg station is gonna start
here --is-- were they saying it was a
chupacabra
what's that it's don't really remember
that yes looks like a good
keg area much favorite dissolve a boss
oh wait wait wait what wet lap up
easy-peasy
yeah Smash Brothers yo yeah sorry easy
peasy we get easily distracted here and
but I remember now and blame your name
yeah someone in chat remind me which was
the Super Smash Brothers for the Wii not
for the Wii U but for the Wii was that
brawl or was that melee Oh brah okay
everyone's hanging ball brawl
Super Smash Brothers Brawl is probably
my favorite that had some of my favorite
characters in it one you could be solid
snake in a Smash Brothers game so Solid
Snake could kick the crap out of Mario
loved that it had the pokemon trainer
not the Pokemon but the pokemon trainer
and so part of your tactics were
actually swapping out different Pokemon
to fight with melee was gonna keep great
that was great but also more importantly
it had these side-scrolling brawler
levels on it in order to unlocked
characters it actually had its own
side-scrolling brawler game not it
wasn't just a fighting game and those
side-scrolling segments were so fucking
awesome
so brawl is my favorite game out of the
Smash Brothers
holy shit can jacket anymore plead see
people are assholes maybe you people
really are assholes man yeah you don't
like with all oogy be it yep I think
I've done the same thing
Hammacher cable amateur 2
from chirps I think that's a lesson
making today we're all jerks and injures
well really the lesson we should take is
maybe I should be less of a jerk right
Oh Jack you're wrong right well like and
I like a lot of the smash games but
that's the one that I like the best for
the reasons stated there's a lot of
characters in smash that I like but the
brawl brawl had something I'm sure he
really meant it was not totally joking
whatsoever rich why obviously I said
that like I was genuinely hurt and upset
yep and not taking it lightly so I think
we're all good here
I don't know rich I think we need we
need some counseling bill my path a
little wrong here we're gonna we're
gonna start moving some kegs from the
chat question favorite favorite zelda
boss favorite zelda boss when winwaker
fight with Ganondorf does this epic cuz
you got the ocean crashing down on top
of you well what's going on it's pretty
good one that's a pretty good one I love
the design I'm Ganon at the end of
Oakland oh oh oh car mom perfect of time
yep but that fight with with Ganondorf
and winwaker is just fucking awesome
now I picked up these kegs that were
brewing wine this might not be a good
idea cuz I wonder if they're still gonna
be brewing lime remember you got to
bounce the Zelda's arrows off your
shield yeah that's an awesome fight that
is an awesome fight
most most of my favorite boss fights are
just good straight-up duels those are
the best fights and the brawls right
like you know at the panner he's glowing
now you can hit him he's glowing just
lookin straight up hack-and-slash beat
the shit out of each other fight yes I
like fuck yeah man
oh I might've fucked up rich what'd you
do oh I totally fucked up what did you
do so I moved my kegs so I could start
keg Island yeah what you know it's you
know this is the basis of it yeah well
make it look pretty later you might want
to leave room to walk past the top just
for convenience sake later down the road
well you know my finger my finger is
like hit these on the way up hit these
on the way down okay
well you go all the way up and all the
way around you like zigzag it oh I
suppose yeah hey well you know I can
move those now cuz you know it doesn't
really matter but here's how I fucked up
two of my kegs were brewing ancient
fruit wine ancient fruit wine and as
soon as I hit them with no jack but I
didn't know I didn't know they would
stop oh my god I didn't know they would
stop brewing ancient fruit wine but they
did and so I fucked up I fucked up bad
man and I have more ancient fruit to
brew I can't fuck that much of you ever
done Transcendental Meditation as as
like a spiritual practice no but when I
was younger and I just would with the
stress of being an adult I can't I can't
do it anymore when I was younger when I
come home from two came home from school
I I would just chill out in a quiet room
with some white noise that's nice and
just just lie down I wouldn't be going
to sleep just lying down and enjoy the
silence you have I think people don't I
can't I can't clear my head enough to do
that anymore you don't think no I know I
can't well that that's the point that's
the point of transcendental meditation
is for is learn relearning how to do
that I think many people don't quite
understand how important it is to have
some quiet time every single day just a
little bit of quiet time will go a long
way in your life turn out no music no no
nothing just time to sort your thoughts
super important the quiet moments are
when the bad thoughts create that but
rich that's what's important is because
then you can deal with the bad thoughts
so they don't doesn't work it doesn't
work over you quiet dark rooms now I
mean doom and uncertainty yeah
yeah and you have to deal with that you
have to deal with the doom and
uncertainty whoo-hoo and the red letter
media crew is the most spiritual none of
us I can't speak for anyone else I am
NOT very spiritual at all you can't put
anything in doorways as bullshit
riches is true what I can't put anything
in the doorway I haven't tried it I want
to finish my path I'm making a nice
little path here I'm I'm sorry just keep
the door closed and you won't notice
look at you notice all right cake island
is looking pretty good it's not
necessarily the most efficient island
you know cuz you know cuz I'll be coming
over here a lot but now they the kegs
have their own space here's my fishing
Island slot a KA Lightning Island
coffees a brew and I'm gonna need some
more beans ambi says what's happening
what's happening in your world
hey Jack played cold acept C uld see EPT
out on the ps2 it's a cross between
monopoly and MTG slash hearthstone your
love for board games tells me you dig it
played countless hours but it's kind of
unknown you know I think the transition
from board game to like board game on a
video game console sometimes gets lost a
lot of times the things that I like
about board game is thinking in 3d space
and the tactile feelings huh
like hearthstone is a fine game any of
those any of those like card games like
hearthstone like duelist like a million
of those online card games they're all
fine but it loses so much not having
physical cards that you can place in
front of you and organize how you like
and put them in little groups and just
that feeling of slapping cards down I
think that's where a lot of my and yeah
of course I also like playing board
games with other people in the same room
with those other people so I have a
feeling that I might not be into it like
you're into it
cuz I played a little bit of hearthstone
enjoyed it but just can't get into it
mostly because I lose a lot that's fine
mm-hmm you don't have to win I know I
could save the wine if I save scum but
I'm not I'm not as I'm too far in the
day I could save scum that's not that
big a deal no it's just and I have so
much more ancient fruit I'm not really
worried about it I would like a little
like I'd like to spruce up a place a
little bit but I kind of like the little
own natural feel that that's got going
on let me move my chicken-coop there's
some stuff that I would do if I cared
manases anonymous says speaking of brawl
brawl one of the Canadians coming back
for more wrestling did you do wrestling
with them no I don't do we I don't think
so what did you well you streamed with
them I wasn't here
damn didn't you want to stream with the
Canadians without you here I think so I
thought I remember that you know who
would remember the chat I think the only
time we played wrestling was with Josh
that's the only time we played wrestling
that's true yes Josh played WWE with
them how come I am are you sure wait
Josh was here I don't remember this Josh
was that Josh was there for what
wrestling Colin played doom I remember
com playing doom yeah yeah yeah but I
don't were playing wrestling with them
Jack Russells with the Canadians
off-camera oh I was that I was that an
off-camera Joker's I don't think so
last time the Canadians were here I
didn't even get to see them I think I
was out of town
oh wait no did I see them I might have
seen them I will I will be honest with
you I don't even know if I was here the
last time the Canadians were here so
there take that Canadians can come back
when they wish to come back everyone
likes the Canadians including us except
for me honestly it's just how it's very
weird cuz like I'm just never here when
they're here it's not that I don't like
them our schedules are permanently off
don't you remember the ladder match the
Canadians weren't here that was Jack me
and Josh yeah none of whom were Canadian
I mean I guess Josh could be but I don't
think he is I think that would have come
up in the time I've known Josh but yeah
all right there it is everyone unless
they tried to like Skype in at some time
but it still wouldn't have been the
wrestling night right I think I think
the chat is having their own Mandela so
I think we tried Skype with them once or
twice but it wouldn't been for a
wrestling game in the early days of
stream we tried skyping with them and it
failed horribly yeah
we have since figured out how to Skype
with people for streams but way back in
the day it failed horribly
the Canadians it's just servers calling
by their names Jim McConnell McCallum
Jim :
you guys know doing well it's funnier to
call them the Canadian yes yeah I
remember you guys playing WWE thirteens
the universe must have changed your
reality and I'm sorry the universe did
that that could have just been a
mendella effect joke oh maybe maybe cuz
I totally remember Sam
cutting off Frodo's hand for the hand to
fall undeveloped into the volcano with
the ring still on it I totally remember
this and it's weird that it didn't
happen it's weird to me that you
remember that I swear that's how I
thought the cartoon ended until I read
the synopsis on Wikipedia and confirmed
it with seeing clips here tonight that
it did not in that way yeah what can I
say besides it just must be it must be a
cartoon of very similar aesthetics where
someone gets a hand cut off I don't know
I don't know I don't know either all
right I'm gonna check I'm gonna check on
our other thing and we'll see you sure
you're not thinking of Harry Potter I'm
100% sure of nothing of Harry Potter
this was a little bit before Harry
Potter a little bit before Harry Potter
Simon I've only ever seen the first
movie and then I not had any desire to
read or watch anything else related to
Harry Potter so did not it did not leave
a lasting effect on me Harry Potter I
think that's really favorite hey you
know speaking of Harry Potter do you
know what's very good what Harry Potter
Hogwarts battle what is this
there is a it's the game we're playing
now there is a deck building game called
Harry Potter Hogwarts battle and it's
it's a deck building game but more
importantly it is a deck building game
that grows on itself
and so you know for there at Hogwarts
okay and so there is a deck for every
year like you know there's a freshman
deca a second-year deck the third year
dot and as you go on through the years
the game gets more and more difficult
and so the idea is as you're reading the
books you can play this game with your
kids and they learn how to play more
differ
Gamze I lived in this one game it's a
pretty good car deck building game as
well we've been playing it a lot
recently and going up through the years
it's fun it's fun all right we are good
to go you're good and before we go I
need to take a bit of a break you did
the do I need to take a little bit of a
break so if you want to hang with chat
for a little bit I don't know if we have
our justwait screen set up if you want
to put on the gist waiter doing we don't
have it set up we don't we should smell
what the fuck you know I'm just gonna
freak them all out I'm gonna hit the end
button but we're not ending okay we're
not ending it's not muted

[Part III]
oh you do that oh yeah okay now I did
that yeah it's fine science I say I
thought that's what work and a
coordinator oh I'm very sorry it's all
right we're fine everything's fine
that's that's all right did dude um oh
yeah that's what oh this still says
Space Quest all right hold on we're
gonna update chatty and then we're gonna
I'm going to tell everybody here a
little story why does that say Space
Quest that's in scene one in El Gato
scene it said starter Valley
all right so okay we didn't say it
didn't say Space Quest for this entire
stream no chat would have told us about
that right I don't know jack that I
don't they love to tell us when we're
wrong they might not say anything cuz
they wouldn't want us to fix it Touche
Touche Ridge okay that is now up in
chatty so now we need to tell we need to
we need to tell the chat a little story
quite in secret most of the space
question well yeah well I because they
don't know what came we're playing it
quite in secret I've been playing a game
rich clandestinely
I haven't told anyone not even your
family my they figured it out they
figured out I haven't told anyone was
playing because last time I played this
I got a very negative reaction from fans
of the game and so I've decided that I
wanted to start playing it it's not
showing up in here for some reason why
aren't you showing up in here cuz the
game's up
wink
I decided that I was gonna play it
without telling anyone so the pressure
was off so the pressure was off because
I don't know if the chat space of course
I know I know I don't know if the chat
realizes how much shit is gotten by
playing a game in front of people but
it's a lot that gave me one moment here
people know what it is now boom that
fits great so get out of here a program
that I really enjoy on the Internet rich
is called noclip yeah and they by
program because you're talking about
computers you should be specific you
mean a a channel and video production
program video production series a series
of videos that I enjoy is made by
content producers that you enjoy it's
called noclip and they've made some
amazing documentaries about doom about
rocket league the it's it's a great
people I'm a patron of theirs I give
them money every month so they continue
to make game documentaries they made the
series about Final Fantasy the the
online Final Fantasy that I've never
played I don't give two fucks about it
was a great documentary so their latest
endeavor is a six-part look at The
Witcher not only The Witcher but said a
product as they provide them said said
the project the history of them as a
games distributor games localiser and
eventually game maker and then they
started talking about The Witcher and
you listen to these stories of the
developers talking about the care that
they put into this game and I'm watching
these documentaries and I'm just going
that sounds great and I had such a bad
experience buying so as I say
started playing the game I'm not gonna
tell anybody I'm playing I'm just gonna
I'll go through the story I'll go
through it and you know what you didn't
tell me jack I didn't even tell you tell
me I know I could show how much you
trust me I know rich I know how active
you are on the Internet
you tell you say everything on the
Internet if I would have told you it
would have been on Twitter and Facebook
within hours I know it so I've been
playing it and I gave it like five I was
like I'll give this like five to ten
solid hour yeah yeah just to see if I
dig it everyone seems to really enjoy
this game I'm now about 20-plus hours in
and I'm really enjoying it good I'm
really enjoying it so it's a bit of a
redemption story that'll relieve the one
person in Chad who was just distraught
who said in cabs Jack please if you
don't like the game that's okay but
don't play it like this trot I I don't
think it's a perfect game but I have
been really enjoying it and so and so
that's the that's the thing it you know
also like you know us playing horizon
zero dawn us playing Zelda breath of the
wild like this I'm glad we didn't play
this back then because it definitely
would have been too much
oh god it's it has a lot of similar
strengths and weaknesses to those games
but we're gonna continue now one of the
problems I do find with this game is
it's pretty light on things I care about
story wise at the beginning of the game
yeah for for the first few hours of the
game all you are doing is looking for
yennefer yennefer is someone you may
have had a relationship at one with at
one point yeah she might have been your
ex-wife I don't know okay it's really
important to get
that two girls that you find yennefer I
don't necessarily know anything about
her
and so like I didn't necessarily care
about that part of the story at the
beginning and then after you find you
don't even find yennefer yennefer finds
you yeah and then you have to look for a
girl named ciri and that's what I'm
doing now looks like you're wearing
diapers yeah this is one of those games
where you know our different armors have
different stats and a lot of time what I
find is I don't like the armor that has
the better stats yeah it has the better
stats all down great a bit my better arm
for a better looking armor I will my
downgrade is pretty oh I just put it
away or I might look for a mod X count
to XCOM - I can't stand the mid tier
armors sure sure in both the newer XCOM
games the bid to armors were ugly as
fuck so you find a mod yeah the armor
that you start with is fuckin badass but
its weak
oh well wait I thought I gave you a
haircut I thought I gave him a haircut
but I got very mad him oh well see
that's the thing and people are talking
about the bloody baron storyline I'm not
getting into too much spoilers I'm only
a little over 20 hours in so obviously
I'm long enough I even think your
spoiler save right there there the the
monster design is really fantastic like
you find out you fight a lot of ghouls
and goblins and water monsters there is
a story in this game rich I was helping
a baron he was having he was looking for
his wife and daughter right and I
discover that his wife had a miscarriage
and he improperly buried the dead fetus
so it came back as a monster fetus and I
had to fight and then befriend a monster
fetus okay I just want to know why the
top half of his coat is black and the
bottom half is white because they don't
go together they're just regular truck
Oh
I don't know such an ugly look I don't
know man I only use the Whichard got
richer army in the game army armor you
only use The Witcher arm I I should I
like that armor a lot better
we'll see you look like I want to see it
yeah I'll go back and get it I just put
it away in my chest it looks like you're
wearing diapers The Witcher armor is
significantly better you're wearing
diaper armor it's really cool hold on we
got to go back into my chest and get it
go back into my stash got a few things
are there it is I've held on to it
because I think it looks cool right and
it's upgraded once and I think armor
that isn't technically the same armor
but looks like it and is better right
that's awesome look at that that's
awesome I will try to keep that for a
little bit that's fucking awesome armor
alright up well I'll put away this other
armor well hold on to this well maybe we
can find someone who can upgrade this
armor for us it's been upgraded once
already you go in
alright great so in any case I've been
really liking it I've been having a
great time just walking around the
monsters are great it's challenging I've
even been a little into the story though
I don't generally care about fantasy and
you know right stuff like that but you
know I'm a little turned around nope
little turned around there this way I
wasn't gonna really there's a lot of
there's a lot of good things about this
game including he does run kind of derpy
if he runs derpy he runs derpy baby you
don't run a lot as soon as I get out of
town I'll I'll find the horse it's fun
I'll find I'll find one of the best
parts of the game which is your horse
roche you can't name your horse your
horse's name is Roche and I think the AI
is kind of bad on the horse like it runs
into stuff all the time it's cowardly
and it runs away from monsters but
honestly it just gives your horse
personality like you're just like wrote
you know like you whistle for Roche to
come and then he bumps into shame you're
like fucking Roche where did you spawn
Roche that hey I whistled free over here
yeah look at there is there's a roach
he's great visually speaking is it's
like you're trotting animation like one
of the most important things in any game
you gonna be seeing that so much that
whatever it is you are looking at the
most needs to look good you're not
looking at that it's terribly it's a
visual element to most most games and I
think it's underappreciated walking and
trotting and sprinting animations sure
sure I can see that I could see that all
right now important and what am I gonna
do what was that what was I trying to
accomplish today I need to find my
coffee farm so if for anyone who's
plated here's here's where I am in the
game I'm working on the the ladies of
the woods and Family Matters quests so
I'm still fairly early on hmm maybe I'll
go visit Kira Kira is a sexy-ass witch
who just helped me with a pretty awesome
quest and she said hey next time you
freak come by my bog and maybe maybe you
could help me out with something I'm
like oh yeah the charm of this game will
overcome rich I've never said I hate
this game I criticized running animation
it sounds like you hate it already go
bang her do Kira should I should I do
that one all right yeah well go visit
Kira then you know came had a really
derpy running animation was that Mass
Effect 3 like wow what oh their arms
were all over the place his legs were
doing this weird thing too that's great
oh yeah we're not too far away from Kira
I'll go do it we'll go do that
out of my way dick we're not too far
away from Kyra we'll go say hi
let's see what she wants ah roach see I
think this animation is more is more
important because you're you're on your
horse more oh you gotta get a horse lot
yeah that's an important animation you
think of graphics the visual splendor of
the textures and the detail and the
shadows and to sing
maybe animation doesn't get as much
credit as it should the walking
animation for games in general you know
but like this animation is good you
don't how often do you walk right here
you try you do that that's what you
spend 90% of your time Moo how he how
you spend 90% of your time moving in any
game where you have to move around here
try I guess here's something I think
that might be something you're looking
over is how dumb do people look when
they're doing that like when they're
trotting around that's why it's super
important though that the animation has
to be good but I'm saying you need to
cover up for that maybe it just is gonna
look dumb no matter what oh we got a we
got a situation over here
oh you're gonna get killed
could you kill him
um maybe let's see what happens I don't
want to give him any money oh yeah I
think we're gonna fight yep we're gonna
fight great all right
I thought that's a rooster for a second
dicks oh good I'm glad I killed them
it's my bridge now I charge a toll
game audio a bit louder please game
audio a bit louder we can do that give
me a minute yeah it's pretty quiet for
me - can we get a button on here Oh
that'll we'll just adjust the volume we
put it like 25% one rule that's a good
idea that's a really good idea I don't
know hold on let me see if I can adjust
it in-game because it seems to be pretty
quiet for me as well oh yeah yeah let's
see how that does it how do you feel
about this audio boom let's see if they
have any good shit so now I can't like
any good RPG after you kill people you
got to see what they got chicken leg
nice after you kill people you got to
loot the corpses some water good and
some linen
no I don't care about that everybody
drops a sword but at this point they
just take up space still a little lower
still a little low we can fix that we
can fix that we gotta we gotta treat our
exploit volume with kid gloves as it can
go from yeah zero to nuts right real
fucking fast okay great cool so you know
like that's you know the neat thing
about being an open-world game is like I
just came across that that wasn't
necessarily my quest right but you know
neat stuff it does have some like moral
choice things where I could have just
paid the toll and crossed without an
incident but those fuckers deserve to
die well they bandits are they govern
working for some kind of government I
don't give a fuck they were charging
people to cross the river
well maybe the local wall that's just a
told you I'm paid to get across that
bridge fuck that fuck that I'm The
Witcher I said people can cross they
have to they have to they need money
they have to afford that army to defend
the town from Brigid uns I suppose they
also have to like afford the upkeep to
the bridge and now they can't because I
killed them and so the bridge will fall
into disarray and people won't be able
to use it anyway I guess I didn't think
that one through rich I did not think
that one through
don't listen to rich Jack kill them all
I usually end up killing everyone I kill
everyone
bring it in this isn't a look I don't
know old-timey ye oldie English things
but I said brigands then I guess isn't
that a thing
Brigadoon I thought it was a thing
you told me to come here bitch oh I can
buy stuff from her yeah you said you
want you said you wanted me to know I'm
usually one that likes to talk during
this stuff but I'm actually paying
attention to the story now I hear I hear
the wishers voice and all I can think of
is did you know that David Carradine
died via auto-erotic asphyxiation but
does his voice remind you that Carradine
oh you know it does a little bit now
that all your play this game all you
gonna be able to think of just
auto-erotic asphyxiation I'm just gonna
think a Kill Bill Vol
yeah his hair is a little off I had it I
had a good haircut earlier but then I
died before saving so and then I
couldn't find the barber who gave me the
hair can I forget which barber gave me
the haircut but you know he's pretty
he's pretty generic badass got a scar
got a white beard yeah I got two swords
rich two fucking swords yeah but your
hands are already fallen David Carradine
I hold on I gotta learn how a magic lamp
works have to do something magical you
need to take your belt and put it around
your neck saw the other end something
and lean forward while choking it stroke
the lamp keep stroking the lab we're
getting all sorts of shit from her
thank you no problem bitty woo new quest
item yeah okay
magiclip yeah okay we cool we cool time
ik mousetraps us what's the difference
between a pile of dead bodies and a
Porsche I don't have a Porsche in my
garage happy Halloween
thank you thank you for your joke it's a
fine joke it's a fine joke over here I'm
gonna take a brown item Sandler says you
guys often say that anything can be good
if executed well is there any kind of
media that even when executed well you
do not care for could be a genre or
something else
cinematic gaming gobble gobble gobble go
that's that's my honest answer like like
like The Last of Us is supposed to be
this shit and I can't stand it so
cinematic gaming cinematic game yeah
yeah that's fair yeah
country pop music I typically don't like
it I am NOT gonna say though it can't be
executed in a way that I might enjoy one
country pop music's on that's especially
good or well done though oh sure there's
always there's always a chant but that I
mean there's always a chance for
anything rich there could even be
shudder to think a cinematic game that
one day you will enjoy it yeah but I
haven't I have hated the cream of the
crop so far though right so it's over
here back when I had my my birthday
Infinite Mulligan golf game yeah they're
playing country pop over the speakers I
couldn't stand it yeah drowners
like look at this look at this on
fighting drowners and fucking Roach is
just freaking out actually after after
it was really starting to irritate him
and turn to Karen I and said I can I can
understand what happened in Vegas no
that's horrible yeah it was horrible
that's a Horvath just terrible music
terrible it's a terrible thing to say
too soon
drunk Jager says Jack so glad you've
given which are a second chance
just ignore dickheads in chat franchise
was big in Poland even before games so
you might want to check the books it's
based on as well that's I mean fuck man
watch you know and I'm sure fans of the
game have already seen the noclip
documentary but the this story of said
two projects is amazing like it's it's
this poll I started by this by this
group of Polish people and they got
their start in gaming actually making
bootleg translations of other games yeah
and so like you know like Poland was
still like on the other side of the red
curtain and like they couldn't get all
the stuff and so like they would find
copies of games and make their own
translation yes and as it turns out they
made the best translated games like
people like oh this actually sounds like
something a Polish person would say yeah
so they kept going back to him in and he
was talking about like doing this in
unlike the quasi black market yeah
people kept on coming through me so then
after the red curtain fell out we just
made the business sounds great oh it's
really great
maybe not the red curtain you guys know
what I mean I am the iron curtain thank
you and so you know like and so then
they were they were basically just a
distribution business for a long time
and localization and then they took a
chance and let's make our own game based
off of the most popular series of Polish
novels at
and everyone's like we this this you
know the feature was that live you know
whatever was called like everyone loved
and read all the novels and like what
character are we gonna base the game off
of that what are we gonna you know it's
great that's like literally the whole
reason that ivory picked up this game
was the passion that the game developers
had in talking about the game yeah and
it is like it's it's a great world I
have a few nitpicks one I couldn't get
into the story it felt like I needed to
have played the first two games in order
to understand just what's happening at
the beginning of the story and I don't
necessarily care about any of the
characters I think that's important are
you growing to care about the characters
as you play it I know you didn't play
the earlier games or anything not really
yeah not really like we have there's a
quasi daughter figure that we're looking
for right now but she's not our daughter
and in game we haven't spent a ton of
time with her Siri and so it's like I
don't I don't know like the game tells
me I knew I should care about her but I
don't Jennifer I don't give two fucks
about yennefer that guy's fucked that
might have been a monster that's sounded
like a man screaming oh because he saw
monsters oh I crashed my boat fuck
okay hold on so you know what's going on
here what the combat was okay so like a
thing that I liked and disliked about
the game is the game has the this the
bestiary yeah every beast you fight you
can pick up scraps of paper around the
world
huge lore and it can give you the wheat
strengths and weaknesses of certain
monsters that's a good end bad thing
because like right now I'm facing the
rattling x' or whatever they're called
here the rot fiends and so necrophagous
oil is something that they are weak to
so then I go into my inventory and I go
into the oils sections and I have some
decra facial so I rub that on my sword
and now I do 10% more attack to them
and while girl'd is doing all of this
he's getting slaughtered by the monsters
who are currently attacking them no you
see he's a Witcher and so he's doing
this super fast he just knows all the
stuff he knows the guy stuff surely it
takes time to put the oil on the sword
right I mean no but he's doing it
superfast you see but you know like I I
like the depth yeah yeah but you know
sometimes it doesn't work out but like I
think that's neat and you know it's it's
all accessible once you've but figuring
out how it's accessible is tedious
necrophagous ounds like something
jeffrey dahmer would use to masturbate
well fuck I'm out of tissues in
necrophagous all that Dhamma guy comes
to me pass all my necro feijoa
right there we go I upgraded my my
psionic blast to knock people over oh
fuck and that's very helpful because if
I knock them over I can one shot kill
them there we go nice but so so it's a
little difficult to learn it's a little
obtuse as far as a learning curve is
concerned but once you figure it out
it's very deep and that you know so it's
good and bad
yeah but like I said I'm 20-plus hours
and I feel like I'm just getting a
handle on it now which you know some
might consider a negative what can knock
you over fuck you but overall I think
it's a good game dude alright so you
have these different oils do they stack
on each other what if you're fighting
two different type of monsters at the
same time or is that just never happen
that's a good question I've never had to
stack oh that's not that's a question
for chat they might know what's up
they don't stack okay so once you rub a
new one on the other one gets rubbed off
I mean that would make sense
rubbed off just like Jeffrey Dahmer did
with his victims
I need more tissues in necrophagous am I
in the wrong Island she was down home
she was talking to me but I wasn't
necessarily listening because I was
fighting monsters
Namah says jack if you were enjoying
witcher 3 make sure to get the dlc the
second one is so big
most other publishers would have
released it as its own full price game
that's the projects and they know what's
up
I meditate for a little bit just an hour
yeah I mean you know as soon as I'm if
if I ever make it through this like I I
don't know how long it would take me to
make it through a full game of this it
is so it's so much the fuck is that the
fuck is that a swarm of bees what was
that though that was my Witcher sense so
that that's my detective vision you know
much like its senses monsters much like
horizon zero dawn or Batman or anything
you have would year with your vision
yeah and so like that's noise so it
hears noise and here let's see if I can
show you if there's anything to collect
around the world
here here's something it'll show you
that it'll show up there something had
to get really close yeah okay and then
there are certain areas where where you
need to use it to find like hidden stuff
bushel of bees or something
Cosmo says you can find all around the
world so many different upgradable which
your armor which looks better and gives
more protection that you never need to
wear anything else well that's good to
know
like I mean yeah this does seriously
look better is it is it absolutely
terrible Oh for defense and I've been
doing all right so far this is a pretty
low level mission which I chose
purposefully because you know yeah I
don't want to look bad on stream yeah I
did it
so it's hard to tell for this mission
but
so yeah like if you see here like this
is my magic panel these are all my
different yeah magical abilities so I
got that little switch here I'm gonna
maybe Fire won't work but fuck you
waiting for my fire to build up will
light him on fire you look almost dead
IM almost dead but he was also almost
dead so i cant matter no this is game
like Dark Souls no no it's like it's I
know a lot of people gonna be pissed at
this but it's like horizon zero zero
dawn or it's like breath of the wild or
it's like the earlier Witcher games it's
it's a way an unqualified bar to saying
that once fully upgraded default armor
is the most powerful in the game right
I'm reward for people who held onto it
oh well good thing I held on to it then
there we go maybe now I can meditate
oh I can't get it you can't meditate
with enemies around but it heals you
fully there we go
all right good wasting on my food I
wanted to hold on to it because it's
honestly the coolest looking armor so
far but
all right so now that we're in this area
we need to look for clues oh here we go
see like this shows up in red so that's
a clue fresh corpse so like you remember
how in horizon zero dawn you would you
would find a clue and then it would lead
you to the next clue and the next thing
you find footprints and that would lead
you to the next career that like that
happens in here a lot mm-hmm which is
fine like it's totally fine
front camera Mitchell's saying rich have
you seen the Red Dead 2 trailer it
looked really pretty except for the
facial animation dialog animation and
games has almost never been good what's
the deal it's super important um it'd be
nice to have good facial animation I
might disagree with you on how important
it is on the scale of things that are
important like a good combat system some
fluid aiming with your gun these are
these are things I would prioritize over
the talking that's only happening in the
between mission cutscenes cuz you're
walking around the world and Red Dead
Redemption you're not gonna get a good
look at people's mouths just were on the
street yeah connect now now maybe in a
game like Mass Effect Andromeda which
had notoriously bad facial animation
maybe it's worse there because that is a
game where like talking to people well I
don't know but and ride and play in
trauma Dino the older Mass Effect games
you talk constantly talk to people game
right so then you had the face then you
want decent facial animation I'm less
sold on its importance there it has to
be adequate ok I'm fine with that I
think that I think that's uh that makes
sense
just adequate
nobody ever faulted pac-man for bad
facial animation all he had was facial
animation if anything people faulted him
for having only facial animation do you
like westerns I like westerns I don't
know that I I love all of them uniformly
but I love me some dollars trilogy I'll
tell you that that's full of dollars a
few dollars more and the good bad and
the ugly that's that's some good shit
Ridge
you can tell Jack he can level up jack
you can level up thank you for telling
marriage you're welcome
Jack if you don't level up now you're
playing the game wrong I don't think I
can't level up I'll be honest with you
oh yeah I have two points available I
suppose I could level up la yeah I like
everything in this game every the the
way everything works is a little mushy
Massey right and so leveling up means
buying these squares right mm-hm and
then you have to put these squares in
the empty square slots over here so
right now I only have five empty square
slots that I can put the other squares
in and then you can also attach a
mutagen which does something if it
matches the colors of the squares and
then there's a multiplier for mutagen
and colors it's a whole thing there's a
whole fucking thing rich mutagens chats
bringing up LA noire and I know LA noire
had the really fancy facial animation
but didn't that contrast with the body
animation which looks stiff in
comparison
I never played no I know I know la Noir
look like it had some uncanny valley
issues oh yeah I've never played it okay
and I'm probably never gonna bother
because I knew they'd do this lame
protagonist death thing hey it's a pet
peeve of mine yeah I'm not gonna play
through a game just to die at the end
fuck that sure
yeah
let's do that let's let's upgrade these
right now I have a blue mutagen modifier
and upgrading these means that my
magical powers are more powerful so I'm
just gonna add one to each of these like
this is my fire so right now I'm eltz
armor which i think is really nice it'll
add one to that and then this one is my
knockdown so it it increases the range
of my knockdown actually it's pretty
good I like that so chef LA noire is
past the spoilers expiration date oh god
why so much and if you're killing off
the protagonist for the sake of killing
off the protagonist your stories
probably lame anyway oh wait there's a
green thing around here it's deep like
real life you don't always games need to
be taken seriously as an art form the
only way to do that is to have the main
character die how about that
where are the ghosts if you make it
across take a boat over this way
all right I'm watching ghosts now that's
my mission broke up I'm watching more
ghosts do we're trying to figure out the
mystery of spooky island Oh Chad
whenever I've played Red Dead Redemption
I stopped before that last act oh it
does even oh yeah yeah big time fucking
big time they make you play as this
lame-ass son in the game after the after
the game like the after postgame you do
whatever you do whatever oh yeah the
plan is just the most obnoxious
character in the game and it's just like
I look bad I want to be John Marston not
this idiot
I'm very sorry
I'm very sorry that a game doesn't and
the way you like it
look Tiger does death it's just a pet
peeve of mine I know some people love it
it's like what you like well if doesn't
bother me if it if it serves a narrative
purpose I'm okay with it
I think it's tougher to justify that as
far as video games are concerned because
we spend so much time as the protagonist
and with the protagonist that like that
justification has to be really that has
to be a player choice speaking just for
me yeah
just speaking for myself it's very rare
very rare that I will enjoy a story I
find a story satisfying with the
protagonist dies it's a pet peeve of
mine sure I don't like it
salmon a few there's been some
exceptions to the rule I'll think of
them at some point mention them but as a
general rule I don't like it I think
that's fair I mean it's fair to say
obviously that's just your opinion I
feel like I wasted my time yeah I feel
like like for me for blood-borne and
shed it's not because of Mass Effect 3
I've been this way since I was a kid
the the example the example I will give
is blood-borne where you have many
different choices at the end of for sure
not not the DLC they were the regular
game and one of the choices you get is
to end your hunt which is which is where
you die right they the the the main guy
kill or the main bad guy kills you well
with a cryptic nature of blood-borne
I've heard an argued where you you're
really just waking up right exactly well
so like that but that was the case where
that's what I chose because for me that
made sense
character-wise like yeah I'm just
fucking done being a hunter all of these
horrors I don't want to deal with
anymore and so even though I could have
gotten more gameplay I could have gotten
more like another fight out of it
story-wise I wanted my character to die
so
so that's why that's what I chose inside
and I think that is an important element
is you choosing especially in the game
so because you get attached to the
player characters and feel like you've
somehow failed if they've died well it's
not just games like movies - what about
heroic sacrifice rich does that annoy
you very much so I wanna I want to make
a game where you have a choice to do a
heroic sacrifice at the end and it just
fails horribly you die and then the
battle is still lost where if you choose
to live you get to fight on and actually
win I would love to do that with a bad
ending as the heroic sacrifice that
that's easily doable yeah that's really
funny I mean like you know if only so
and so we had to save the day you know
to me it's all about context and you
know like if that's the end of the
character arc is like you know so is
someone who is maybe cowardly before and
you know chooses to their I can't think
of any off to top my head there have
been exceptions Oh tagging us has died
and I've been okay with it now that
works yeah as a general rule I don't
like it though of course
I must have died here what about Star
Trek - Kirk is fine
what'd he talk about Kirk makes it up
just fine hold on we got changed some
settings here cuz this is this not too
dark even for me to see like it or not
Kirk is more the protagonist obviously
it's a group effort if they're the main
- the big three but and he comes back
one movie later Darth Vader he was the
villain work I think but what they're
what they're saying is like does that
work as a heroic sacrifice because his
arc at the end was sacrificing himself
the character you're attached to when
you're watching Return of the Jedi is
you know Luke Skywalker's oh oh sure
sure so you're you're more you're more
talking about just when the when the
heroes yes was a protagonist
specifically yes yeah can't find a good
way to make this brighter for you all to
see hold on for a second cuz I'm sure
it's even darker for you guys let me see
if I can change it in an exploit give me
give me one moment please
oh my god that's the wrong thing haha
that's the wrong thing
sorry that's not what I wanted I wanted
to change the game
game here we go
let me see if I can brighten that for
you guys so you can see what the fuck is
happening Lord of the Rings ends with
Bilbo dying about about 60 years after
the Hobbit which is the story he was the
actual protagonist in so I think I'm
okay with that
protagonist rogue sacrifice wrote one
sacrifice was kind of neat then that's
just that's just bait right there that's
blatantly bait right that's absolutely
big oh yeah you guys can see it a little
bit better
that's absolutely big
where is my torch did I get rid of my
torch no there it is
shit
I didn't mean to eat that it's my torch
rich enjoyed Harrison Ford dying in the
first awakens I never said I enjoyed it
how dare you not enjoy my opinion of
that movie in general was pre middling
no I can't I use my torch
I praised it for for doing what the
prequels couldn't do and they gave us a
protagonist new protagonist that we
liked and they are the new protagonists
not behind solo the story about Ray who
who made it by the way she didn't she
didn't sacrifice herself heroically
there it is to sacrifice some people
hate see I couldn't get Arnold's into
Arnold character in t2 in the first
place he's an emotional ischemic machine
yeah that's that's where t2 fails me in
general I don't I don't like Arnold as
the protagonist yeah you've mentioned
that yeah before yeah Sarah Connor is
fine in that movie
that's kind of interesting what happened
to her you know she became just crazed
weirdo after being the sweet girl in t1
emotionless killer robot as protagonist
there we go it was fine for the
spectacle of that movie the grand action
film but I wasn't I wasn't emotionally
invested into its own although termina
into Arnold yeah yeah well I don't I
don't I wouldn't even consider him as
the protagonist of that movie and so
like I I again like I think they're all
there what what everyone here is doing
is you're giving examples of heroic
sacrifices that aren't necessarily the
main character you know t2 though with
these two it might technically be John
Carter but nobody gives a shit
John Connor nobody gives a shit of our
kid John Connor that while that's true
for all practical intensive purposes
Arnold is the protagonist of that film
nope I I will disagree with you I cried
big time at the end of T to Washington
for the first time I felt absolutely
nothing
I felt absolutely nothing like oh thank
god now both of the killer robots are
gone right well not to worry about that
problem again yeah it was like that
logically made more sense to me or I was
like oh yeah he really should die like I
get it but I mean like as far as you
know protagonist is good like the story
isn't from his point of view he has no
arc you know Arnold or you know t32 the
Terminator has no arc like I would buy
John with a minor of Sarah Connor Becky
got played you are 100% wrong John
Connor does not die at the end farce
game fan theory not that I'm aware of
flat out libs
oh it's not like an ambiguous no it's
not a Sopranos ending no ok well then
yeah it's completely unambiguous fade to
white
unless they're talking about alright not
at the ending of this some weird sci-fi
stuff that goes on okay at the end of
Farscape in the middle of Farscape in
the middle of Farscape I'd spoil it but
I wouldn't want to ruin up to people
this is a really easy mission I just
have to go and look at ghosts and I'm
not going to spoil a far escape even
though it's quite old by now I'll spoil
the fuck out online noir because screw
that and but then you also can't get mad
at anyone in chat besides to spoil I can
do what I want I'm the dictator here you
know what to say you know everybody
Richards got a point
it's true Ritchie's moderator he's in
charge of chat alright yep
fuck it banned full life life ban no not
really not really mods
this is what I always call myself a
notoriously slow gamer because I really
am because this is exactly what I do in
a game is you know just got to this room
and I did the thing I was supposed to do
but now I'm like rubbing up against
everything to see if I can loot anything
you know like see if there's any
mysteries uh-huh like what's behind here
can I get behind there not really can't
jump siberius Kirk that's not even what
I'm referencing about Farscape
alright this I will spoil they did not
intend season Ford to be the ending of
Farscape they had another day another
season in mind oh okay
but at the end of season 4 there's a
cliffhanger and there is what appears to
be a clear death of our protagonists oh
ok it was going to be undone with you
know science fiction in season 5 then
they got canceled mmm
then they had the miniseries like a few
years after the fact that came back with
a miniseries to properly conclude
Farscape oh do they okay okay that's not
what I was referring to earlier
here's where the game gets a little
tricky so for anyone who plays this game
you might maybe you know what I'm
feeling so like these little mutagen
things on the end baby the
diamond-shaped ones get multipliers and
so like this time in shaved one has a
seven percent increase in sign intensity
your sign is your magic and then for
every blue thing in the square connected
to the triangle or the the diamond thing
you get a multiplier so right now I have
a twenty one percent you know one times
three or seven times three here this
green one gives me a hundred percent
health and so if I got any green things
in here it would multiply but I find the
green ones to be terribly boring so I
don't want to waste any points on the
green one for me increases maximum
attack see if it is about one I don't
know what that means
oh that could be good I think the Han
Solo movie will be worse than rogue one
no I have a feeling the Han Solo movie
will have some life to it and probably
it is well at least it's guaranteed to
have a character I like who directed
rogue one who directed that one I have
forgotten already
legitimately have Ron Howard is a
talented director uh-huh I think that
that is a true statement Gareth Edwards
she had a saying the Godzilla died oh
yeah go on for him all right let's do
this and then that'll give us a little
fight
there we go that's pretty good that's
pretty good I'll take that little
vitality boosts a little more health but
the Han Solo movie could make you hate
han Solo if the Han Solo movie is that
bad I'll just forget it exists I'll
ignore it
wait where were you ghosts yeah like do
you know what has completely left my
head Canon is the convoluted story that
didn't make much sense on how they stole
the plans to the Death Star I just
didn't care that's the thing that's why
it's completely left my head Canon
someone stole the plans to the death to
star sure I don't need to know that
story I know how it ends they got the
planes they blew it up spoiler alert I
needed to make you care about the people
stealing the plants and they didn't and
they didn't rich she was a strong
empowered woman and that's all that
matters
that's true you don't need to do
anything more than that but why was she
strong and powerful it doesn't matter it
was brave
it was brave sure Oh got little little
achievement glutes formula for six
different bombs so another bomb formula
dream great great great cool
look an ad goes apparently I'm not a
real science-fiction fan because I'm the
only science fiction shows I've watched
have been Farscape and Star Trek
apparently those are the only two you
know I think I figured something out
rich yeah about fandom yeah and what
makes fandom horrible yeah I pause the
game for a second here it's not it's not
fandom being a fan of something isn't
inherently bad yeah my god I'm a fan of
this right that's not inherently bad but
everyone like shits on fandom here's
what the real problem is and I like like
I've never put a word to it before but I
heard it recently and what it is rich is
gatekeeping that's the problem with
fandom someone who says you're you're
not enjoying that right yeah you're not
a real fan because of this yeah I'm
putting a limit on what you are doing
gatekeeping is the fucking worst
someone was in the chest thing I don't
like quantum leap which is absolutely
not true I think we've talked about how
much we both enjoy quantumly every every
fucking week I sat down to watch quantum
leap yeah it's great show fucking great
show
and see but and I guess like but see
that's that's this is the point I'm
getting to it at gatekeeping we're like
let's say the only sci-fi show rich ever
watched with Star Trek and Farscape and
Farscape right who the fuck cares you're
not a real fan because you don't do X Y
& Z fuck off who cares if he's a real
fan are not a real fan or who key even
cares what a real fan is he enjoyed a
thing and these telling you I enjoyed
the thing this is the problem Oh looky
Khurana bleep is set in the past now I
don't know if that's a good joke or just
no idea no like the beginning of quantum
leap oh yeah oh yeah all right
well right here was that what year was
it
supposed to be said you know where where
was Ziggy I'm gonna I'm gonna guess that
the present that Sam left from was the
future year of 1997 that is Mike that's
my guess 1999 oh boy the the far-off
future of 1999 I fucking love it
Oh al was a great character that was
that was great they worked they worked
so well together
yeah they worked so well together you
ever seen the episode where he changed
the president often al wasn't his
handler anymore it was whitey McDonald
briefly yes yes see you like a look here
here's my here's my Witcher sense oh
there's a clue oh my god maybe that wall
slides so fucking great you know but
quantum leap by the way spit let's let's
shit on the Han Solo movie a little bit
before it comes out I know I am I'm
about to I'm about to shit on it quantum
leap
our main character Scott Bakula is the
one we care about
he's always spend most time with and and
Sam is he's there as a bonus he works
off of our main character he's a playboy
he's got his own thing
o L oh sorry Sam is the main care about
you al is Moses named Dean Stockwell
wasn't it or doing something maybe
that's it so I don't care about Al's
backstory yeah I don't want a television
show dedicated to how L got there okay
he is there to augment our main
character I don't care about Han Solo's
backstory I don't care about Boba Fett's
backstory these are characters meant to
augment
and reinforce our main character and I
don't need I don't need all this this is
just some obscene let's see a trailer
before I started seriously judging what
they're doing with it in general
okay can I get behind here someone yeah
yeah yeah I'm attracted from one wall to
the other repeatedly
there's a mystery to be added
don't worry oh there we go
see yeah by the way look at all this
there's rats there's ghosts there's
green lights rich we're playing a spooky
game for Halloween drunk camera Michels
is rich have you so actually and you
know what hold on for soup pilgrim who
says Jack thinks green arrow is good and
Game of Thrones is bad I don't think the
green arrow is good and I still watch it
I just want to clarify that I think
green arrow is a bad show and I talk
constantly about how it's a trashy cheap
looking show but I watch it anyway so I
just want to clarify that as I see that
pop up in the chat you go ahead
drunk camera Mitchell says I'll wait
back to breath ammonia Brian shadow says
glad you're back into this game Jack you
might appreciate what I'm working on
right now are you playing Gwent and then
they have a link to what they're working
on
I didn't click on it this might be oh
they're working on a cosplay nice and
that is the The Witcher armor be with
your arm or the butt that's some
talented people who can make shit like
that I'm forever in awe looks great
I mean I know I know my way about around
a hot glue gun mm-hmm I can I can make
some decent looking shit but something
like that that's great good job I'm not
playing any Gwent in within The Witcher
3 is a deck building game that they have
since now made its own game called Gwent
and there's this whole thing you can you
could just play Gwent in this game you
could just go around playing cards not
worrying about slaying monsters at all
if you felt like it
that's crazy oh I thought Gwen was like
a character you would play as no Gwen is
the is the in game like like like girls
female understudy Gwen he's got a
trainee which er this is one
that's very funny yeah Gwent is the
deck-building card game that exists
inside the game okay whoo look at that
tool
we're fuckin getting some from beyond in
here look at this it's like a glass tube
oh oh bamboo yeah we are in a spooky
science lab trying to trying to think
good science fiction shows that aren't
first diaper start correct related now
there were alien nation show I do
remember alienation as a show alienation
was a decent sci-fi I remember watching
that a lot man and machine one season
long cop shot ain't no philosophy Susan
I don't remember that one in the future
a cop detective man gets teamed up with
a female Android experimental robot cop
okay she's she's very naive yet
knowledgeable and his his actual name
was man yes yes you know like a man man2
ends
I get it I get it okay hold on wait
there's some stuff I have to
I'm special always was the rare beauty
the Lord's daughter these lands as far
as the eye can see where I was my family
and I were hid in the major tower to
await the rules in at the end of our
time it was not to be forever
mage who lived here who was he okay
don't get excited ghost lady I'm trying
to keep this ghost calm they slaughtered
my father but the mage told me to reveal
myself Romani
he gave me a potion discovered I was
drinking he said everything
like you know pros and cons again about
The Witcher 3 like I am super invested
in this ghost lady's story like I get it
like you know everything we've let up
that has led us here I've we you know we
saw some of the peasant ghosts we saw
this girl you know like I'm so into this
but like I don't care about my main
quest at all
yeah and that's support you know that's
supposed to be the driving force but
like they're very good at small
storytelling that you know what this
reminds me a lot of and someone's gonna
be very mad at me
is the show superstitious superstition
okay you know with the with the ghost
fighting brothers okay you know that
shows it's supernatural supernatural
that's what it is thank you no problem
where you know like they go on these
little these little adventures but
they're short little adventures and and
that's what all of these side quests
remind me of is like short little ghost
adventures but I don't necessarily care
about the overarching story drunk
Cameron Mitchell I did finish reading
that tip earlier it led to an extended
discussion about la noir yeah spiraled
into protagonist death we did a whole
thing on it
I always agreed the potion drinking it
didn't trust the mage in the village
they came to meddled in disease they
said he lured rats into the tower did
they hurt you they caught it with my
arms torn my dress I managed to free
myself and drink the potion and then
poisoned that how you died a ghost
potion rich sleeping potion okay oh she
got eaten alive by fucking rats that's
great
saddled up okay yeah I'll see if you can
talk to him hey baby it's cool
mmm-hmm what was that Crispin Glover
movie about rats it was called something
like Oliver or Willard I'm just thinking
about Dishonored dishonored dishonor had
a plague of rats that would just devour
people oh yeah it was called Willard the
Crispin Glover movie about rats was
called Willard all right hold on so I
think my guess is we got to get the
beloved to come back
so she's an untrustworthy ghost well or
she really can't remember and like you
know like sometimes you you can solve
situations just by talking to people
yeah okay I gotta go find I gotta go
find this Graham
Oh unless I bring her bones to him and
she like tries to kill him in which case
I get a ghost fight so yeah okay either
way yeah yeah let's do this
your honor Jack what you're on it I'm on
this you might try to kill him of course
like if I take her bones to him share
ghost is gonna pop up and try to kill
him but then I get to fight it either
way I either solve the mystery or I get
to fight a ghost it's a win-win right
I'm okay with this - her name Annabelle
I was it yeah that could have been yeah
Annabelle creation yeah the new series
yeah wait series based on the dome
there's like two or three of those
movies oh I think my like TV series oh
yeah yeah there's two or three of those
movies now yeah yeah all right gotta go
find me a lava Lincoln junior says Jack
I'm Jack Ridge you're right
my Christmas movie is jingle all the way
but I don't have a Halloween movie
what is your Halloween movie just just
big gremlins it works for both holidays
what you know what we were talking about
earlier rich is we were talking about
this isn't necessarily my Halloween
movie but it's one that I use I usually
watch a Halloween which is nightmare but
The Nightmare Before Christmas oh yeah I
mean we're talking about that earlier we
were talking about that earlier and I
mean I made a joke on Twitter the other
day about how the ending to Nightmare
Before Christmas kind of sucks and you
agreed with yes and I really I really
appreciate you agreeing with me the
message is don't try don't do anything
different stay saying your lot even if
you're miserable yep stay like you're
trapped in a box stay in the box maybe
put some wallpaper in the box don't try
new things don't try new things
hey that does it does have a very
depressing message it does I feel like
it's not well I feel like the the the
moral of the story is not very well
thought out but maybe the ending is oh
he didn't quite get him now he truly
understands what Christmas is really
about it's not it's not the superficial
gives the wrap things something else the
spirit of the spirit of giving and love
I would be something that would be
something or may or may be like he
messes up he messes up Christmas cuz he
doesn't quite get it right right but
then like well then but the real ending
is oh he really really gets it and well
yeah but maybe then like Santa when
Santa tries to fix it gets into a bind
and jack is able to use his particular
knowledge to help Santa out are you
saying that Jack needs giant glowing red
nose that should have been the end of
the simplest stories sometimes but like
maybe he could have a way to use his
Halloween knowledge to help out yeah
yeah to help out Christmas and alike but
like also kind of get out there but
realize that he loves Halloween like I
think there's a better way to handle
that ending still a gorgeous movie
visually I am not much of a horror movie
person yeah so it's weird for me to have
a Halloween movie but I kind of do know
and it's recent it's a recent addition
Raven I haven't had a Halloween movie
till recently I found I enjoyed trick or
treat the Brian singer in technology
yeah that's a fine anthology it's a fine
movie it's like a modern-day Tales from
the Crypt yeah yeah you know I can be
with you there I don't necessarily have
a Halloween movie but I did like trick
or treat I I think we've gotten all the
things we can out of this place
Oh what did I do
rat slowly walking down this there there
might be better straight up horror
movies but Trick or Treat is just so
drenched in the holiday of Halloween
trick-or-treat is more than oh it's fun
yes more than just oh yes sure - yes oh
fuck I didn't want that you know they're
having some fun with the holiday rich
watched the thing that would be a good
science fiction film and not necessarily
a good Halloween film it's it's about
balancing the horror with the fun a
perfect Halloween time trick our treats
as you know sometimes I'm not super into
anthologies but trick R treat is their
church for trick-or-treat gets it I did
not watch the chat I did not watch the
Krampus with Mike and Jay I did watch it
on my own I wasn't impressed it just
kind of ends they don't know how to end
it oh are you seen it no no I have I'm
going to probably that's one of those
that's always like it's Christmas time I
should really watch the Krampus didn't
get around with it didn't get around to
it a lot a lot of good things about that
movie but it loses me at the end sure
completely loses me the ending felt like
they didn't know how to end it and did
that's how at the ending of the Krampus
poem
sure Estevan
locked locked
Gerald walk so slow
my name is Tate says I know it just came
out but you guys should check out Patton
Oswalt's annihilation on Netflix I've
heard very good things it's funny
heartbreaking and heartwarming all in
one I love that guy
all right I've heard very very good
thing not seen it not seen yet yeah yeah
it's supposed to you know it's a his
Netflix stand-up special I know a lot of
it deals with the sudden and unexpected
death of his wife it might be a while
I'm rewatching stranger things new
seasons coming out and I'm gonna start
watching that you know there's things
rich there's things to watch how'd the
fuck do I get out of this house I
remember this fire oh there it is
there's a door dr. Lou up says a few
weeks ago I started watching best of the
worst in reverse order I didn't realize
how long it's been since Jesse was on
the show oh well madam says hey guys I
understand if you don't want to read
this oh my let me read this first before
I see the fire you understand you don't
want to read this out loud but let me
know your nose here this is all about
yeah I just don't want to talk about
that it just sounds depressing I don't
want to get into that do you want to get
into that I have just really don't
they're there I mean yeah yeah it's
nothing terribly controversial or
anything chat don't worry about it
naima says just wanted to say well done
to Jack for not letting a bunch of dicks
ruin a good gaming experience for him it
they almost did they truly almost did go
go go go go you know it came close but
really thanks to noclip thanks to noclip
i was able to to find you know something
to latch on to this game is it's slow to
start you know it it it takes a whole
lot to get into a button I am into it
now and our son's speaking of facial
animations facial animation animation
yeah let's singular not plural don't
face shame grand moff tarkin no it was
terrible it was terribly uncanny valley
it was distracting and it was horrible
I'm sorry I go fuck yourself
may I ask what lav mics do you usually
use for half in the bag and such thank
you for the stream and laughs you're
welcome but if you really wanted to
thank us don't ask for stupid questions
bug
CGI grand moff tarkin when you goddamn
well know I hated it he looked like a
cartoon character he looked like a
goddamn cartoon character and there were
better ways to do it there were better
ways to get grand moff tarkin
in that movie
who are you I've been to the island I
know what happened
drunken camera Mitchell has hit a random
string of letters and says here's $10 $2
you fucks and rich I still disagree
about facial animation than random
gobbledygook great okay y-you just watch
movies man y-you just watch movies if
you care so much about goddamn game
facial animation right it's probably a
movie theater right right near your home
did you love her loose if deeply freaky
we'd be together
of course you gotta tell me yeah no they
want the volume without watching a lot
of cutscenes watch this I'm gonna go
turn the heat down because hottest
thinking I'm focusing
first then she drank poison mage mr. KY
run out the tower hollering that I
wanted to die cursing them all to hell
don't force me to speak of it no more
said you were hollering as you flew the
tower the island what exactly did you
say
I wanted them to pay for what they'd
done to her might have cursed them
there's a powerful magic or on fyke Isle
passions evil intent the strong emotions
of any kind can activate it
your words could be the curses source
she took the poison because if then it
wasn't poison and I don't drink a strong
sleeping potion mage wanted to protect
her make it look like she was dead
convinced everyone that means she you
said you spoke to spoke to a ghost by
the time she awoke tower was full of
cold corpses and rats she was warm meat
rats ate her alive
he was cold all through like a corpse we
shook her begged open your eyes I never
thought the The Witcher is not wearing
mittens those are those are gauntlets
they do look a lot like mittens but
their gauntlets they have a higher
defense stat than other things but
Annabelle needs you her soul will only
find peace if you help her what can I do
it's too late
bury her bones Annabelle should be laid
to rest by one who loved her it's the
only way to lift the curse that holds
fyke Isle her famous yes leave me be
those are just those are definitely
mittens but what they really are is not
Knights gauntlets what do I have here
yeah they're okay they're Knights
gauntlets and as you see there they have
a pretty decent armor stat so those we
got our funny pants cross though all
that good stuff lovey lovey looks like
he has his hands stuck into it it looks
like he has oven mitts on it looks like
it looks like he's about to take a pie
out of the oven and doesn't that towards
me which a sense
yeah small shrine yeah goddamnit Ridge
you got some stuff accomplished except
for the one thing you wanted to get
accomplished oh she's gonna kill looks
like rain yep
she's a pastime and now she's free damn
it damn it she so she turned into a
wraith and killed him and then I didn't
get to fight her she went away I gotta
go I gotta go find her I'm proud of you
for having the foresight to see that
coming
yeah but I thought at least there'd be a
fight did it dispel the curse yeah when
win and but I wanted to fight I wanted a
wraith fight oh well yeah I mean it'll
have to do
trusting ghosts why wouldn't you trust a
ghost ghosts are just people that aren't
in a body anymore
I think if person was trustworthy in
life mm-hmm
they're probably still going to be
trustworthy as a ghost sure sure
yeah we don't really know if Annabelle
was trustworthy in life but you know
also it's it's my job here too to put
spirits to rest and so you know there
has to be a little bit of goodwill take
in we're just like all right we'll try
we'll try doing your things and if not
you meet the you meet the bad end of my
silver sword and you know if I saw a
ghost
I don't know that my first reaction
would be to run away hmm well maybe like
the first reflex would be startled sure
but I I think I would calmly try to talk
to the ghost the the problem most myths
you know like in The Witcher here and
like in that show the supernatural they
say that the reason that most specters
are around is because of some sort of
violent or traumatic death and so that's
why most ghosts are angry or vengeful
because they've been reliving the
violence and trauma
I didn't traumatize them that it doesn't
matter okay ghosts don't use no logic
they they're just full of trauma and
anger I have a I haven't entirely you
see if you say this that's how you
expect to go story to work
angry and yeah that's how they you know
I have a new take on this I I to my
knowledge I don't know that anybody has
done this
alright what do you got I want to see a
movie or a story where the ghost is not
trying to kill someone they're angry
with I want to see a story where the
ghost is trying to kill somebody they
genuinely love so they could be together
again has anybody ever done this has
this ever happened and it makes so much
sense what we're talking about rich is a
paranormal romantic comedy yes silly
romantic comedy but a paranormal romance
normal girl and comedy it's a paranormal
romantic dark comedy I miss you so much
I'm going to try and kill you rich Aaron
you win and so the you know will distort
what the story would be is you know yeah
we get the first ten minutes worth it
were they the the boyfriend dies or
whatever right uh-huh
and then he fumbles around much like
ghosts trying to figure out his ghost
powers so he can kill the girl but then
along the way maybe learns a lesson and
it's got too many parallels the domestic
violence it has to be the girl who's a
ghost trying to kill him just so it's
just so it doesn't feel hookie - hookie
- hookie yeah well he learns a lesson in
the end okay okay he doesn't kill her in
the end that does feel a little hooky it
should be the girl should be the ghost
well that's why you have to go comedy
route because then you know like then
you know because then that gets a new
boyfriend and then the ghost tries to
kill him - no oh that's that's best um
that's the route that's been done before
we don't need that
right and I feel like you can't do it
like I feel like you'll fall into the
same trap things as the girl with like
if the girl is the ghost because then
it's like oh what she's so obsessed with
the man so I feel like either way either
way you're kind of in a pickle all right
what about a ghost mother trying to kill
the dog the daughter or the son it's
been years of yeah they were a kid when
they when the mother died another adult
that would be just a good supernatural
story yeah I like the angle of the
romance though okay okay I think that
that's how we're gonna sell the script
rich is the a and like I said I think if
you do it with a comedy spin a lot of
that like adds domestic violence gets
gets kind of pushed under the rug
because it's funny you see and and
really it's as long as we show two
intent like you know in in his fumbling
in his dumb fumbling he just wants to be
with the girl who still loves him by the
way she hasn't moved on yeah yeah she
can't move on like there can't be a new
guy because she still loves him
and so like that's why the attempted
murder can be justified because that's
what it will be attempted murder but
he's ghost some rules don't necessarily
apply to him oh come here roach you dumb
horse you're still waiting here for me
I've been gone for hours I love you you
dumb horse
but I like it I like it we will spin it
as a paranormal romantic dark comedy
where it has all the standard beats of a
rom-com but it's about a ghost trying to
kill his life I think that I think that
is a fantastic idea what are you doing
in here girl that was the quest
alternate ending what the ghost the
ghost quest we're saying that was the
alternate ending to the ghost quest what
was I'm assuming what we're talking
about with the killing out of love to be
together rather than anger but she
seemed pretty bitter yeah she turned
into an evil ghost maybe if I had chosen
chosen some different story okay that's
what that's what would have happened
maybe maybe it ends differently if you
would bring yeah she's touched if he
would actually show up to see her I
don't know sure and you fail to notice
you're losing your touch be that as it
may if I Karl is free of its curse
that's important
I'm almost inclined to say good work one
things bothering me
what Annabelle said Alexander was
studying diseases she mentioned the
Katriona you knew this all the mages
knew about it romantic comedies about
meeting a new person falling in love
that's true that's true or it's about
rediscovering an old I don't necessarily
know this should be a romantic comedy
but I that's the only way you're gonna
get around like we've been talking about
the the either the stalking or domestic
abuse traps the only way we can get
around that is by having a comedic spin
on it I'm not saying we need to be
cracking jokes but it needs to be
light-hearted you know this is the you
know what this is this is classic Sweet
Home Alabama you ever see sweet Alabama
no of course not you know why it's a
Reese Witherspoon romantic comedy city
girl goes back to the coat to the place
where she was born
runs into an ex-boyfriend who's still a
country boy they don't get along at
first but then she learns how to blop
blop blop
it's it's that but with ghosts trying to
kill people it's great
spelt applesauce Jack who is your
Witcher BAE do you go Tris or the
canonical yin so one of the problems
after 20 plus hours of gameplay
I have spent approximately five minutes
with Yin and I haven't Metris I don't
even know who Tris is my girl has talked
about Tris here and there I don't know
who she is
so right now my bae is this Biddy I've
spent more time with this girl right
here that I have with any other girl in
the game can you get together with this
girl I don't know if I can get together
with
girl I don't know what I can do I
presume there is a love interest huh I
presume there is a love interest but
that's presumption of tryst was in the
last two games but I didn't play the
last two games I just started playing
this game
you totally can bone her well that is
listen she's the she's the first lady I
see can i bone them all you can fuck on
the back of a unicorn is that true
because I kind of want that to happen
that's that could that could happen
favorite rom-com all right time I was on
my way maybe it's that necrotic oil why
not if he was coming here from novigrad
he must have passed through black bow
I'll check the area thank you I shall be
ever so grateful
yay world girl all right great
we did it excuse me Jack do you have a
favorite romantic comedy you know there
there's their doll disposable garbage
but I still love them because sometimes
you just want the formula and you just
know the formula and you want it not a
necessarily a favorite I'm just gonna
say mannequin for pure cheese Plus Kim
Cattrall was hot and the day yeah Fisher
King I'm not so sure I'd call that a
romantic comedy When Harry Met Sally is
it perfectly fine romantic comedy don't
really remember that it's good it's good
it's good and it's not it's it's darker
than a lot of people remember yeah yeah
Groundhog Day if you're gonna call that
a romantic comedy sure
oh I thought Jack didn't like this guy
I'm gay I after the noclip documentary
series came out I I they they sold me
they sold me on the game so I'm giving
another go and I'm enjoying it along
this this guy here helped me defeat the
evil fetus or help me befriend more
importantly he helped me befriend the
evil fetus
so I should really hold challenging for
a second
around hot day is a great rom-com
technically it is the interesting part
of Groundhog Day have anything to do
with the romance right like there are
elements of rom-com I think if you if
you wanted to get stolen I will admit to
that yes but the question is would it be
out of place in the rom-com section not
necessarily well I mean it's you just
call it a straight-up comedy science
fiction even hey yeah I think you could
make that argument I don't know I don't
know but I don't know that rom-com quite
fits rom-com definitely fits it's just
how much how high on the list of things
that it is
why are so people will obsessed with
determining genre fits because it's
something to talk about the end of the
day it doesn't really fucking matter as
humans we have grown accustomed to
putting things in order and categories
as broader civilization a long way we
act we really like to find seemingly
random patterns and and put them in some
sort of comprehensible order that is a
uniquely human trait
and so even though whether or not
Groundhog Day is a rom-com
on the grand scale of patterns doesn't
really stack up it's fun to talk about
this was a Steve Guttenberg one's high
spirits to earth at high spirits he
falls in love with a ghost what he falls
in love with a ghost fuck man it's great
does the ghost try to kill him trying to
remember now this might be something I
don't think she does is this okay is
this your idea hey this could be like
just subconscious cuz now now that's
coming to my head for some reason yeah
yeah I know at the end he has to kiss
her when she's kind of halfway alive
because of the magic special date sure
but she looks like a corpse so yes
basically he has to kiss a zombie haha
nice yeah
wait stretch of chow if I go with the
Peller do I finish the kira storyline is
that what you're telling me the dirt was
daryl hannah the girl the ghost girl she
was everything back then she was
everything
Oh's was Liam Neeson the the ghost
husband that killer he might have been
what so I gotta go I gotta go back to
that fucking Island that be back on he
was too big for shit like that
right and before he was too big for that
if I said that wrong I might have I'm
just gonna assume I said it wrong I
heard before he was too okay I did say
it right the first time
maybe I but you know who the fuck knows
right oh I left a roach could be your
brain is just used to translating rich
when he probably meant before by this
time I just know what you mean
Oh take in a boat I could take roach but
you know I gotta get on a boat to the
island anyway so here's a nice boat
there is a Mark Ruffalo movie where him
and ghost Reese Witherspoon fall in love
that is true yeah that is true that is a
true thing I and I've seen it I don't
think it was very good
what's it called um Ghost Hulk
ghost ghost Oh little big Hulk almost
like ghetto
Sith Lord I am familiar with fast travel
but I don't much care for fast travel I
like walking around and seeing stuff
every once in a while I'll fast travel
like especially if I'm putting gear away
I'll just fast travel to my chest
put it away then go back to the mission
but I kind of really like looking around
like leave this shit it's a nice world
that's the whole point of games like
this is you just hang out in the world
for a bit
just like heaven oh there you go yeah
that was it alright I'm just along
what's our uptime I'm probably just
gonna do this mission and then be all
done all right what's that what's how
have you been doing today what started
basically for its okay that's eight and
it's eight yeah
Oh perfect perfect perfect
four hours 21 minutes perfect all right
Brown Adam Sandler's is hypothetical the
protagonist has made the decision to
heroically sacrifice themself at this
point would you prefer they just die or
the writers pull some bullshit to save
them a lot magicq on blood bullshit to
save them and it doesn't have to feel
this cheapest magic on blood any
important thing is being willing to make
the sacrifice sure that's fair that's
fair
mister was at mister huh I'm just gonna
read there right there are is blending
up with an and mister noosphere says
October 26 2017 and we're tiptoeing
around Farscape spoilers did I say I
love you guys Snape killed Dumbledore
oh no you didn't anonymous says just a
tip there are some great side mission
involving the Gwent game if you don't
play all the games you miss out on the
best cards making those missions much
harder I'm not interested in Quint I'm
gonna stay away from the whole Gwent
thing I played one game of Gwent and it
didn't really get to me maybe I'll play
the standalone Gwent game but again just
not that into great when that's the
moment all right I gotta fight monsters
and keep monsters away from the Peller
here oh shit
Ayatollah of rock and roll hey guys go
through the string someone offers you
offered you 50 million dollars to clone
you and make as many clothes as they
want for medical experimentation
maybe vivisection torture would you say
yes probably not we're just gonna
torture something
yeah like is it okay to torture sentient
beings like that's a wheelie these
clones gonna be mindless or they're
gonna have all of my thoughts and
memories and feelings somehow Thank You
peg which
marina's God says I'm drunk so I just
wanted to say I love you guys rich
you should watch Babylon 5 stars
starting with season 2 at some point
it's lanka goodness
thanks for the early stream you fucks
maybe I should skip ahead of Babylon 5 I
don't know I tried a couple of times
never got past the pilot
none of us is rich your idea about one
dead partner wanting the other dead so
they could be together forever sorry but
you just described the core plot to the
Twilight Saga that's not quite the same
thing come on come on - now
this Peller has helped me out before he
helped me with the monster fetus thing
yeah what's the dilemma I haven't been
paying any assumed I have not been
paying any okay so the Peller has hired
me to keep away monsters while he does
his spiritual ceremony yeah
like hey just keep the monsters away
from me while I'm doing my spiritual
ceremony now some dudes have come up and
said hey we're not cool with you doing
your spiritual ceremony stop it so I
have to choose now whether why is the
ceremony significant the people like it
and it you know obviously they don't
like it no no the people like three
don't like it but overall the people
like it and it helps the good juju why
don't the three who don't like it why
don't they because they don't like
anything spiritual they don't like
anything spiritual word we're done with
your voodoo ways grandpa I don't like
anything spiritual either but right I'm
perfectly able to mind my own fucking
business
yeah so fuck those guys yep great oh
you're gonna fucking die thing about
their customs Oh dead fucking dead them
nope
Oh me kill
excuse me grandpa
I gotta kill this guy why find others
human sacrifices involved great huh
that could be who cares I get to fight
more monsters
yeah like the our I'll I like to push
him down one because usually it like if
they fall over then it's a one-shot kill
and that thins that herders
so I enjoyed that that magic the most
lighting people on fire is also pretty
great but oh shit raids we got to use
the urine fuck fuck fuck
gotta use the yrden and trap them like
that and then we can hit them you know
it's important to know you're using the
erdan that ring of things that it's that
ring of things and if they're inside I
do more damage because they're trapped
in them
fucking hell yeah you're dead done I'm
so into this I kind of into this I'll be
honest with you now which is about the
ritual that's spirit they drove away
your father's ghost right threatened to
come back likely to keep his word it
takes a long time to just figure out
what the fuck is going on
but once you're there yeah it's kind of
a cheat so up to rich if he tells Jackyl
but you can bang anyone in witcher 3 but
you have to choose between trysts and
yen if you don't there's a consequence
you don't get to bang anyone I haven't
met Trish yet I don't know who Tris is
yeah Jack she's in The Witcher 2 and
I'll be honest with you I'm leaning
towards Tris cuz yeah nifer kind of
seems like a bitch so right now I would
much rather have someone who I've not
met over yennefer who doesn't seem
terribly into me
you can't hope to manage this alone
you're afraid that's clear rayful hold
sway over you listen I'll send him off
I've got to but I need to know where
he's buried
corpse probably hasn't turned to dust
yet that's his bond to the world of the
living
I'm Bruce Louis ease the swamp fine I'll
find his body to see what I can do yeah
so vast Raoul says hey Richard jack
first stream as a subscriber and Jack
returns to the witcher 3 one of my
favorite games hope see it streamed more
here and there and make sure rich is
around for the vistas oh-oh-oh storms in
the background and everything oh look at
those Vista's all right yeah that's all
I want to do we're caught up with tips
I'm just gonna I'm gonna loot some dead
bodies real quick take your coin and
then then I'll save and we'll be all
done yeah we can play this more because
playing it on the gog and they have
cloud sync which is always nice what a
great invention cloud sync start playing
at home finish playing here all right
great that's good we are good nope
that's not I save that's how I save boom
and we are saved
look out for the Vista's so many Vista's
good o gog forgot I've got way too much
shit on my plate right now
but oh no and come Thursday I won't be
able to play it anymore or come to wait
is that tomorrow no no the 27th yeah
come come Friday I won't be able to play
it anymore either because Mario Galaxy
comes out and will probably do that for
the next episode so we gotta play that
what what are they charging for this
game now Witcher 3 yeah you know what
I have GOG open right now let's go can
we go to the store page visits to our
page witcher 3 the Wild Hunt is a forty
dollar drm-free
or you can pay a hundred and fifteen
dollars for the entire fucking series
including a live concert of its music
what'd you get The Witcher enchanted
addition to which our two assassins of
Kings the Witcher 3 Wild Hunt The
Witcher adventure game I think I bought
one and two on like a Steam sale I just
could not get through one yeah well not
give you one yeah look I mean it's old
you know what is the Witcher adventure
game what Chad that's a completely
random ask question here at the end of
the stream but a huge fan of GI Joe the
the comic books though not more far more
so than the cartoon show which I have
almost no nostalgia form but the fucking
Lara Larry Hamm a comic books awesome
snake eyes for life whole life ah good
old is such a man-whore home listen I I
don't I'll probably forget about I I
would probably have fallen in love with
one of the witcher 3 people eventually
but you just missed the sale the
complete witcher 3 l DLC was
sale for 20 bucks oh yeah wait until it
goes on sale again then part two is
borderline unplugging love part two I
thought part two is were an instant the
series took off part two what was that
though that was like Xbox 360 time right
sure I remember - being super fucking
popular oh yeah
are - oh yeah see here's a part no what
are you talking about part two is the
Grizz
oh no and by the way I will keep playing
The Witcher I've been enjoying the heck
out of it but I'll probably have to take
a little break for Mario Odyssey but
I've really been enjoying it all right
now is the time of the stream in which
we thank all the people who have
subscribed to us during this street much
like savvy bones
who says forget Savi's sub for a second
I think I need to play rock of ages two
and a hat end time in rich and rich
mentioned he is going to give Final
Fantasy 7 a shot this Sunday I never
said that you're just paying a jerk oh
of course be into playing it I get that
was like I said that you know what I hat
in time looks really boring to me it
look it looks like a really boring
collectathon and I'm not interested in
all on a pair sorry okay
captain's ro SEVIS tromo real alex jones
getting diluted herman Edel toll bot Exe
the end hero is sneaky SMED stan smith
status sneaky smith sad stick in this
Nick is miss Todd Vegas massage cosmos
gesture for 31 fucking months in a row
says I watched sacrament readin I watch
documentary now based on your
recommendation I'm glad I did that's
good stuff
death John Z no trope for 39
motherfucking monster Oh says I don't
know about you but I pronounce waifu or
way for whatever as give me your lunch
money as if someone says that and beat
him up because they're gonna nerd yeah
yeah it's fine
normally not not for bullying but i
think i think in terms of anyone who
would say we foo seriously I think I'm
okay with it
there's there's a difference between
bullying and just shaming listen and
there is nothing wrong with pointing out
that calling anything a waifu is super
lame general Gore who says played
Wolfenstein the new order way too many
cutscenes like you said but overall
super fun shooter also tell the chat to
settle down settle down jet that just
makes them worse
I agree general Gore I agree with all
that super fun too many cutscenes Tom
TVA says congratulations it's a squid
that pigs are flying dr. pepper PhD
eight eight nine Tiberius Kirk sand says
and yet Jack is excited about his video
game wives and start you see that
there's a difference there is no problem
like talking excitedly about your video
game wives that's fine
you just don't call them a YF Foos or
whatever that is like oh you know I'm
talking about my wife hey this is fun
part of the gameplay if you're just
generally speculating on who you would
love to marry and fuck in real life then
you have a problem about how casual you
are about it like know if you're just
enjoying a romantic subplot in a story
that's one thing but obsessing over a
woman who does not exist that turns into
creepy that does it does
Nouriel
I'm on 421 in fucking months in a row
Sagan one two two zero four thirty three
fucking months in a row Ruki me d su
sure worry t-midi su says five months
I've heard great things about the
Witcher games but I decided to read the
books before I start playing I wonder
what the translations like on them cuz
no idea to polish no idea wonder if I
wonder if anything's lost space camo for
38 motherfucking months in a row you
feel old doesn't it so old I mean other
things make me feel old walrus to the
brush are Miller for twenty six fucking
months in a row says thanks for 26 solid
months of non-stop action-packed ball to
the wall nail-biting inspired chill
inducing streams of sheer unholy
entertainment
that's why but thank you Oh
2x mr. glitch says I love spending other
people's money here's to five more
months spent spend that mad bazo's cash
we're okay with it and Jim Doc's who
says two-month anniversary doesn't make
sense
twitch alright alright thank you all for
subscribing we really appreciate it
Stroeve I really do and today rich is
gonna remember to hit the end button
before he stops the stream like that
