oct 22, 2017
Space Quest II
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/184463827
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/184465501
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/184467237
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZtCZXxbQMFo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oyIP5wL615Q
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iaxL3PtvXgE
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/922186329810751488

[Part I]
I'm ready for a game nobody else gives
you shit about famous people want this
rich okay is everybody ready we're gonna
we're gonna wait until P I see that
people see that we're live
wait did something just happen nothing
is happening we're lying I think we're
good here we go hey there you go
epic epic look at that
chapter to face quests hi everybody
bow holes revenge shape of a house
it's so realistic looking this is this
is my jam back in the day I just love
the Space Quest games I really enjoyed
that first one 1 2 & 3 are my shit well
there we go
well good cuz we're playing it we're
fuckin playing it oh shit
god dammit what what's wrong
everything's going to shit our way what
happen
Oh because I didn't turn it watcher but
I remembered I remembered now but
there's a few names I'm gonna scramble
with you right and for 13 months in a
row hometown markup for 38 motherfucking
months in the in a row we got this we
got this one all right anyway cuz why
not and this time it's lupus for twenty
four fucking months a neurosis the Bears
win the Packers lose boy oh boy but a
great weekend so far to my great joy I
hope you don't take me to task if I'm so
bold to ask what's the next rlm release
don't be coy also cars are scary thank
you for subscribing
tyreq the ancient 422 fucking months in
row thank you for subscribing I forgot
to turn on the torture the torture is on
now but I just want to make sure we
catch all these people yeah before
before we get too late into it there we
go so now back to space quest oh no
we're gonna read the intro you gonna
restart dardo where you start over
fucking start over King start hey rich
yeah how's your day been how's your week
all right how's it you know great
birthday week everything's been ok yeah
watch my dad sister that's nice that's
nice the sister who currently lives in
Scotland's gonna be visiting next month
today's got a dice roll see her then
I knew they worked out left chapter 2
whoa howls revenge that almost looks
like like revenge revenge my day's been
going rather well we kind of pumpkins
today that sounds nice we went to the
pumpkin farm yesterday and today we
carved them I got some hot pumpkin
carving tips coming up but first we got
over as you will recall in our last
chapter
you had just foiled the vissarion's
fiendish plot to rule the galaxy by
using the star generator as their weapon
of destruction you became a hero by
saving countless lives and returning the
star generated technology into safe
hands life was beautiful I've really
thought that was gonna go by faster
sorry yeah I understand I understand I
know this is awkward I was reading
really fast there but heroes come and go
and people soon forget
your celebrated hero dumb slowly fades
leaving you once again a janitor the
promotion to head janitor was no
consolation especially since you are the
only member of the janitorial staff nor
was the transfer to orbital station for
sweating like a pork beast in the
pressure suit while relocating space
debris in zero-gravity just wasn't your
idea of a good time life sucks
again right place
xenon orbital station four what exactly
is a pork Beast that's like a nuke job
it's like it's like a it's like an
artificial being meant to you know okay
oh here we go
welcome aboard sauce for two logon for
duty please enter your name below
updating characters I mean do we
remember what my last character was
called I don't I don't might have just
been Jack did I just named him Jack
Hager stream our streams were simpler
back then right do we name someone in
the chat Roger Wilco that's the name of
the character oh sure
what what did I name them before Sonny
Bonds is so inappropriate for the Roger
Wilco character for Space Quest
let's just be Roger Wilco then let's
just be Roger alright well we'll
roleplay Roger Wilco orbital station
four is one of many orbiting Zenon your
home planet it is a transfer point for
travelers seeking transportation to the
various planets in the air nan system as
we begin this chapter of your story we
find you Roger Wilco ace janitor doing
what you do best being a janitor
first rule of these games safe will just
start now how do you do that again a
beep emanates from your wristwatch you
release your grip on the broom oh wait
no bro the broom floats away never to be
used again oh that makes this the third
one this week why do your boss finds out
how do I say it again if why is it I
find from these there you go
okay on which this yeah oh god I hope we
didn't need that broom could I have
grabbed it and I don't I'm not sure you
never know you never know jack just save
it it's fine it's fine
there's no way when get the broom back
now anyway I'm gonna shit
due to an obvious lack of common sense
you have stepped off the edge lost your
magnetic grip on the ship and drifted to
your death
an other senseless tragedy you can help
prevent this vote YES on the bottom E's
for adventure game designers thank you
for playing space quest - Roger Wilco
you've been most entertaining what
happened I died I went after my broom
broom off into space I missed it
how do i how do I go back now look the
same I don't know seven seven gobbly
gook says gay space quest - so it rained
the other day made me wonder if the
world flooded rich and a space Ark left
the planet but crazy Noah 2.0 only let
animals on what animal would you be
disguised as rich you can walk up walls
no gravity and walk it on the ceiling
man look at that gotta go get another
broom
figure it out figured it out everyone
what animal I don't know yeah yeah I
guess an elephant because then you'd
sneak more people in or I can also sneak
guns in I could kill no a 2.0 slaughter
the animals keep some for food and then
let a bunch of people on the ark you
would let on the people on the iron
people I like look around this is the
airlock chamber from here you can gain
extra vehicular access spare suits hang
on the back walls some lockers are
mounted on the side wall so what are you
thinking just looking just looking at
shit probably gonna probably go to the
locker
Chadd check the AC wants to know if we
can go on the ark have you tipped you
see I'm just saying out there God when
the clerk's probably has a spot on the
ark
okay read the things
oh sorry sorry I just got to an
appointment we have to read the things
no locket oh sorry you go you the
lockers are all closed and there is
nothing too interesting about them open
Locker look inside search Locker search
Locker look in locker look in Locker you
bravely pier to the locker to find a
cubics room puzzle and your athletic
supporter take take what do they call it
a cubics room just take cube try take
cube okay and take supporter okay great
all right now we got a cube and an
athletic supporter I dare a dare we say
say that say the fucking fucking hell
fucking hell
at five f5 save Oh - for fun for fun
what happens when you without the suit
when you walk on the pad you know it's
goodness oh I know what's gonna happen
no there we go yeah no oh come on
oh please quest Oh like it's just the
right spot I'm just going all the way up
no I am let down used used to look at
floor I don't know
the floor looks average nothing for the
non-stationary disk in the middle which
is composed of two halves of the airlock
port which is currently closed okay wait
just open port that doesn't seem to be
the correct action in this case right
try use airlock and then I'm done use
air lock all right oh it's not gonna
happen oh I thought they were ready for
some fun praying mantis guy up front oh
is that Lobot on the right on the right
maybe who's Lobot and the guy in Empire
or what thing around his head the robot
thing oh maybe let's see here it's about
time you got in here Roger Wilco head
for the shuttle bay on the double I'm
warning you you're on your last leg
around here bud one more screw-up
Andy I history he then orders the
transportation officer to send you
directly to the shuttle bay and nowhere
else until the job has been completed
look around you are in the
transportation control room of the
orbital station the room is abuzz with
activity as technicians monitors offs
for operations a pneumatic transport
tube is accessible from the walkway
above so I guess we want to go there
yeah
I'm a real nun of a sense I know you
fellas don't give a fuck about
recommendations not really but all about
ghost master for spooky season it's a
2003 puzzle strategy game where you
command ghost to haunt people lots of
movie stuff okay
yeah you know we had a little fun with
that uh that comped the house terror
town very little we I'm said we had a
little fun a little fun we've not been
overly concerned with the spooky this
this Halloween we really haven't been
I'm fine with that
the blue Prizm says yes give me dead
sweets we'd Space Quest yeah yeah you
know it's been a while since we've done
all these and I'm excited to play the
second chapter in the saga in the saga
you are in the orbital station shuttle
bay a shuttle fresh from a passenger
drop-off on Zenon is refueling for its
next trip a pneumatic transport tube is
accessible from the walkway a refueler
replenishes the shuttle supply I needed
to go here right what did I ask you they
asked me to go here I'll go in the ship
maybe there's something to do in the
ship you enter the shuttle and start
sniffing around for the mess you must
clean you are surprised to find that the
shuttle is not empty there are two
extremely ugly suckers walking towards
you hey what the your favorite expletive
here wow what a whack Bink your protest
is cut shortest to interstellar ruffians
proceeded to thump you unconscious
everything fades dumb dumb dumb rich the
time passes more time passes
a strange dream turns into the
realization that you are being shaken
and talked to by a voice unfamiliar to
you a dull ache triggers a distant
memory of a scuffle in which you were
the focal point upon awakening from your
forced rest it becomes quite apparent
that you aren't in Kansas at Xenon
anymore you find that you are being held
upright and under physical restraint
from both sides by you guess T as you
try to struggle free you notice that
your hands are tied behind your back as
the eyes dial into focus you make out an
oddly disfigured being seated before you
a sagging mass of flesh that appears to
have been human at one time tubes and
wires extend from his body leading to
machines which keep him alive suddenly
his visions his village stirs and he
begins to speak well well we have a nice
nap I thought we would have to resort to
a drastic measure to wake you oh well
welcome to my humble Fortress Roger
Wilco
the names vole halt sludge full hall
I was the genius behind the star
generator what it was still in the
concept stages it was to be my ultimate
war weapon till some sissy prance
scientist decided it would be better you
saving lives rather than destroying them
oh what a waste of technology excuse me
if I sound bitter
jackass anyway you ruined my Syrian
operation I was going to use the star
generator to magazine on pay for what
they did to me they were going to know
my wrath in a big way around you've
somehow managed to change all that
oh I suppose I should have known better
and used those metal midgets Ariens
that's not the point however you are
responsible and you shall pay
besides I have another plan and you'll
not be around to foil at Roger Wilco I
have devised a plan so horrible so
frightening so diabolical that no one
will be able to stop me
observe my latest creation I intend to
infest your planet with thousands of
these genetically engineered
door-to-door life insurance salesmen I
will at last reap sweet revenge from the
scientific community that mocked and
ridiculed me oh come on the wrath of
door-to-door life insurance salesmen yes
Oh Sierra games my plan was to kill you
but I've had a change of heart huh Greg
he pairs down at the hoses protruding
from his chest and connected to a
life-support system forgive me I'm a
kidder you know you know kid oh boy I
decided I will get much more enjoyment
watching you suffer my associates will
escort you to the service of lobbying
where you'll perform many painful hours
of manual labor in my mines be seeing
you ha ha ha an injection renders you
unconscious your drug to carcass is
loaded onto a shuttle upon reviving you
look through the viewing port this Evo
hauls massive asteroid fortress getting
smaller be you
that isn't definitely not a Star Wars
landing pad Planet of the Apes
characters nope definitely not after
touching down on a giant landing
platform you are unassured you are
ushered to a hovercraft waiting to
transport you to the mining site utter
despair sets in save oh shit can you
what's going on nothing okay okay
I can't move
can't I can't do anything all right the
entire game is just this
you one look out now
wait something's happening oh I was
doing this who's got a monkey voice I
don't I'm trying to think of what they
sounded like in Planet of the Apes like
very sure yes or no but they are from
had much my free country couldn't really
talk oh great I suppose we're out of
fuel
way to go golf breath don't blame me it
was your time to fill up you're always
forgetting to do it wait till the master
finds out you'll be hey don't talk to me
that way you slime bucket I filled it up
last time dip the argument between the
two guards is cut short as gravity
reasserts itself good thing that guard
broke your fall he doesn't look too
happy about it though now we should save
f5 crane hand crisis the space kes the
Space Quest games are among my favorite
games as a kid 3 is the best but 4 is
also fucking amazing
thanks for playing this you fucks these
games of class fucking classic hey fight
for space bazooka says evening guys man
this latest mess of fact game has taken
a weird retro turn anyway here's five
dollars for the Halloween candy of your
choice
speaking of which hello speaking of
which Halloween candy is your favorite
thanks uh tiny Crunch Bars tiny Reese's
peanut butter cups okay III would hurt
someone for those you know not like the
full-size cups which I also love but the
the mini sized Reese's peanut butter
cups like I would take those actually I
will trade you all on my peanut butter
cups for all of your mini Crunch Bars
that's a deal
okay
that's a fucking deal okay I just looked
around okay you seem to be in a rather
exotic forest the growth here is unlike
anything you are used to on the ground
lies the wreckage of the hover crash you
crashed into hovercraft
you crashed in it nearby are the bodies
of your former captures okay so then we
will search a body
let's call nice call you search the
grotesque body and find a small thin
magnetic card it looks like a keycard
you seem to recall seeing my seen one
somewhere in the past
oh my god there's a guy there's a
there's a thing search crash search pod
everything inside is twisted and bent
you do notice a button with a flashing
light next to it it seems to be emitting
a high-pitched beep there's another body
there too right oh maybe there two
monkeys you press the button the light
goes dark and you no longer notice the
high-pitched beep I hope we didn't need
that what I'm assuming is I saw a little
guy pop his head up in the bushes and I
think that beep is what like would have
drawn him to us ok ok but we also have
our save stay right before them yes this
is why you save constantly in these
games you never know where they're gonna
get you I'm gonna go towards that guy to
see if Oh Anna died what happened I fell
on a pit ah yeah you fallen to the
bottom of a concealed pit you might have
survived the fall had you not come in
contact with the several 30 centimeter
long spikes planted vertically along the
bottom of the pit that sucks
that's why we save constantly at these
games kind of yes it is another
senseless tragedy you can help prevent
this vote yes part of the fun is the
funny ways you can die sure g-shot says
hi guys they're talking about pulling
blade runner from the theaters early due
to low ticket sales going to a 10:00
p.m. showing tonight waste of money
anyway thanks for all the fun streams I
haven't seen it I don't I don't care
enough I'm sorry
and you know the the tough part is I
really do want to see it and I still
haven't gotten around to seeing it if
it's bombing which it is you pull it
from the theaters because it's costing
you money to have it in the theaters I'm
not gonna talk Karen to go to see a
three-hour long movie and I don't care
enough to really try hard to talk Karen
into going to see it so over over the
weekend Lisa and I were looking for
someone to watch yeah maybe there's new
shows maybe some yeah and she goes hey
I'm very interested in seeing the new
Blade Runner okay and I said that's
great because she's a big fan of sci-fi
yeah and I was like awesome me - let's
find a time dude and she's like tonight
why don't we watch the original and I
was like fuck yeah uh-huh
cuz I fucking love Blade Runner uh-huh
she's seen it before but she's like the
you know just has a refresher you know
like we watched it back in the day of
course but just as a refresher we hit a
little hiccup because the Blade Runner
on the itunes store is the theatrical
cut and you know anything about the
different cuts of Blade Runner the
theatrical cuts is the one that featured
all of the voiceover which is the only
thing that gives that movie any kind of
flavor fuck you it's what makes it
unbearable it rips all of the atmosphere
out of the movie and all we hear is dumb
explanations it's so awful and so in the
first five minutes we're just like this
is the wrong version we have we
eventually find the right version on
Amazon Amazon has the the final cut
which is very nice
that version is unwatchable the
theatrical case the narration at least
made the movie feel like a science
fiction noir detective film incorrect
how would you like it if in your science
fiction films they took they stopped the
movie and took time to explain every
little thing the style of a noir
detective movie in that sense I didn't
mind the narration it gave me something
to latch on do that I found interesting
other than the visuals which everybody
admits are beautiful but I missed the
narration just because I like oh like a
detective movie like then but it like it
didn't even it just seemed to be too
much even for a detective movie they
just were shoving it in everywhere
fucking everywhere so anyway so we
started a little bit later than we
thought because we got like 10 minutes
into this version realize it was the
wrong cut found the right cut started
watching it and she fell asleep 20
minutes into the movie she she she fell
asleep we still have it's the best movie
it's the best movie of all time it's a
it is a very good movie I stand by Blade
Runner after seeing it again recently I
fucking stand by it it's solid its
atmospheric the story is admittedly very
light but it's just it's just a world
that you can live in for a little bit
enough fucking love it did you order to
get the keycard dude I did get the
keycard okay what I'm wondering is if
well if we should try to not press the
button this time I don't think I do with
the pit no now the pit but watch those
bushes in the back look at look at
bushes well let's look around okay
the bushes seem to be composed of leaves
and small branches nothing interesting
about them people are saying no you
didn't get the card you did the first
time a known take card okay okay well I
apparently I missed it this time look at
pod the hovercraft it didn't reduce -
benefit of happy somebody it's sorry for
being such a pest about this but thank
you thank you thank you for playing
space quest - you guys Rock yes we can
welcome I mean it's about time that you
guys understand how much we Rock
crane hen Christ does have fun
navigating the maze I know I know
listen bullshit yeah isn't one there's
one especially bullshit segment in this
that isn't even a puzzle it's just
tedious and annoying and yeah let's see
let's go this way let's see what happens
if we go this way wait wait wait wait
wait let's save try going the try going
right again but this time don't walk on
the area where the pit was is there
another pool I was gonna go up to the
bushes okay well just just go in that
area just avoid the specific area you
fell in okay can you can you look at
ground does it see the pit is there
anything we can do with the pit the
ground gets soiled
let's check out those bushes green hand
crosses this is going to be light
but finally rich is wrong when Jack is
right Blade Runner is amazing the new
one is even better this is the only time
you guys can be with me because Blade
Runner is an amazing movie it's seeing
it now because it's been a few years
since I've seen it and seeing it now I
realize how light of a story it has like
the stories is nothing it's only like
you know a detective is looking for
people he finds people done it's very
light enhance enhance navigate the
section 47 to 1/8 and he enhanced and
here's the thing rich we get we get a
sense of the world's technologies
without some awful ass voiceover to
quadrant 1 this is a photo can enhance
enhances we have the technology to look
at small details and pictures and
rotates and hands degrees is that
interesting enhance ok rich every
problem you have with the original is
improved upon in 2048 and 2049 I sure
I've heard that I'm still not in a rush
to go see it and I I don't know that I
want to sit in the theater for three
hours just to see it and give it a shot
I'll probably watch it when it's
available at home no I did you even you
know reading any of those
your save right before it's not a big
deal
hey no you just got to do some stuff
over again I know we're going to check
body look at body but you say if after
you do this stuff well I cuz I wasn't
sure about the beeping whether or not
the beating was a good idea but I guess
I always have safe for to go back to pre
beep take true-blue review says I am the
only one in my office family and a group
of friends who seemed the new Blade
Runner now you hacks haven't seen it
either what is it about this movie that
keeps people not wanting to see it the
original in my case the original oh
here's what I will say about the
advertising and about everything it
doesn't look like a terribly like it
doesn't look like a movie that you must
see right now I will be perfectly happy
seeing this on video on demand in a
couple months this bombing though well
it it won't make anybody excited to do a
slow-moving sci-fi movie that's not just
blow up all of the things that is bad
that is true and that is bad yeah but
you know none I can do about that you
can see it you could go see it that's it
that's one thing it's not gonna help you
could see it rich
all right this time I'm not gonna get
eaten by the mushrooms look at mush room
aside from their enormous size they
appear to be your average garden-variety
mushrooms we know that's not true
because they eat me so we stay away from
them this time the foliage here is much
too dense for you to pass through all
right over here the foliage here is must
too dense for you to pass through well
shit let's try going up here doo doo doo
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
there's gotta be something you do with
the mushroom stupid you think well maybe
not now maybe need something later
they'll be lovely some payoff
they're not just there all right I have
a puzzle I have a dialect translator I
have a supporter and I have a key card
okay they're saying we can yeah that's
true we can turn the speed up higher so
we walk faster but that might bite us in
the ass if we run into some time to
puzzles yeah
something I can do anything over here
right now dududu wildlife industry says
our LM fan from the beginning thanks for
making all that sweet tent tent tot like
comment like like we're making the Conte
I get it
ten I get it great oh shit rich I can
suddenly from somewhere to the east you
hear a swing followed by a high pitched
shriek okay I guess we're going east I
guess we're going east junkie says has
there been any talk at Harlem of doing a
review on the Matrix films I know two
and three get a lot of crap but I think
they'd make an interesting discussion
I'd know not really
look look at man a little creature
caught in the snare has thick looking
pinkish skin he looks to be less than a
meter tall he doesn't seem too thrilled
with this predicament nothing that was
spying on you
oh maybe talk talk to uh talk to man he
doesn't respond you have a translator
right it's amazing how much of this I
don't remember so I don't feel bad
helping you because I don't really know
yeah I remembered a ton of space quest
one okay well we need so we need to find
a way to cut the rope to get our friend
down here look around look around there
all right look at rock rocks in this
area all gray and fairly rounded there
appears to be nothing of etravel what
they said specifically fairly rounded
what does that mean you can't cut the
rope with a stone Oh gotcha good yeah
I was like wait did I miss something but
yeah they said nope these rocks are not
interesting I wonder if I could like
climb the tree can I walk up the tree oh
I can go behind the tree
look behind tree try look around when
you're behind the tree okay look at tree
look at tree yes yo you see before you a
tree thanks game I have a suggestion I
don't know that it's a good one okay
what again climb the tree and untie the
Rope okay I don't know like can I just
type in client Ryan alright climb tree
this tree is coated with a thin slimy
film making it on climb aboard
damn you Sierra you thought of
everything on fucking climb of all all
right well excuse me a little monkey
friend we're gonna go look for a way to
get you out of this tree little hobbit
this is gonna be Bilbo oh I have my
supporter which is like you know that'll
have an elastic band on it I have a
keycard and that's about it that's
that's what I got we need some more shit
in our inventory rich nope not that way
it's got big way to give this guy a good
way to get this guy down right now you
think I don't know mister what maybe not
right now but I mean hold on here's what
I'm gonna try grab
and you really aren't attracted to and
say what and free the little man free
man freed the little man
Oh free the little man I get it you're
too far away oh wait maybe I'm just not
close enough to him Oh three men I was
in front of the bush yeah is what's
going on before disappearing through a
tiny hole in the brush the little
creature gives you a long glance hey
you're welcome
what's in the hole can we do anything
with a hole look at hole safe before
something pulls us through the hole and
eats us save oh six boom
do-do-do-do kitty 0:01 says there's only
two more streams and spook month will
you please play some spooky games and
Friday the 13th doesn't count rich you
fuck since you play it all the time oh
well that was it that's nice rookie game
what why don't you start up your own
stream and play all the spoopy games you
want that's true yeah you could do that
you could you could you could you don't
even need to wait do it October about
all year long spooky yes boobies boobies
boobies boobies oh you can call this
boobies boop boop stream and that could
be your name spewpa spewpa it would be
great and you know what maybe it would
be great I'm just not feeling it this
year I know last year I was feeling a
little bit a lot of spooky games this
yeah I just don't really care that much
okay can't go that way
how about this way for no particular
reason I also just kind of felt like a
little space quest little space quest
time
oh hello thing look this is another
clearing in an otherwise heavily wooded
area over the forest there is a plateau
near the back look at thing what do you
mean I need to be closer look at device
what is it the game calling it Wow
the game's not calling it anything look
what happens when you look around I type
oh I understand that I understand that
okay this is what it says this is
another clearing in an otherwise heavily
wooded area of the forest there is a
plateau where you look at plateau PLA T
EA you yeah you flat EA you plat EA you
it is like the other areas only raised a
little a mailbox sits up there alright
look at box the mailbox looks typical
for a mailbox there is a slot a tray and
a sign read sign the sign says radical
Express when it totally no doubt for
sure has to be a while has to be there a
while previously asked me there before
you sent it oh my God look a slot the
slot looks much like an opening to
experiment works though for which a thin
piece of mail might pass all right we
search the Linux search box so search
box that does not compute search mailbox
search mail box that does not compute
how about open slot that seems to be the
correct action in this case Korean hen
Christ I'm reading your tip and we know
to save constantly and I've been telling
Jack the same constant like I've been
saving constantly a tray oh here we go
look at tray the tray is actually a
small indentation on the lower part of
the machine it is currently empty okay
okay so we're gonna probably have to
mail something at some point right be my
guess all right well great but chance
sometimes saving in a Sierra game can
screw you because if you save after
you're doing something you shouldn't
have done or after missing something
that you need it can it can come back
and kick you in the nuts right and you
know obviously danger could be around
any
corner but I wasn't feeling anything too
dangerous at the mailbox we're gonna
look over here now that you were in
another clearing in the forest this one
seems to be occupied by a type of growth
you are not familiar with so now I'm
gonna save ya
this looks like an area to save the fuck
out of this is the annoying part
you see what's going on here
I do yeah let's see exactly what to do
shit I see exactly what to do and if you
step on any of the things you're fucked
right I can do this stop
oh stop and say oh my god that's that
safes come on a whole nother yep I love
it I am the god of safes come good
you've succeeded in establishing contact
with one of the planets life-forms and
it looks like he'll get to examine it up
close and personal the giant root lookin
thing is giving you a guided tour of its
digestive system hey what do you
experience next is too horrible to
describe let's just say that you die as
a result you are dead
trust me it may please you to know that
during the night you didn't digest well
for a while gastric distress made it
extremely unpopular with the other root
monsters they're saying that you made
the root monster fart what's the joke
there that's the joke all right all
right rich I'm down I'm down with your
save scum tactic
stop save oh wait
part one technically in some way part
two fuck load den wait don't wait just
f7 done I did this when I was a kid sure
and it was this annoying stop up top
okay yeah yeah so now it's too you know
you need to making our way downtown
alright walking all right hi this jack
oh no thanks ambarisa that was ambry
shit with credit card services uh-huh
did you need to give them your credit
card information immediately I'm sure
I'm sure
also also they need my social security
number and and a personalized four digit
PIN code you know like a four digit PIN
code that you would use often doing
great I've never gotten one of those
it's not horrible
what because somebody credit card
services call oh well and you know what
a lot of times it's not a scam what it
usually is is like just trying to get
you to sign up for an other credit card
yeah and so they'll be like you know
where we're with your credit card and we
found a way to save you money like on
your bill and then eventually turns into
it's actually it's a whole different
credit card and we're not really with
your credit card yeah yeah
Oh what
I'm not too far true blue review says
also about 20 49 but director denis
villeneuve yes good bye it's marketing
that is considered to be spoiler free is
the problem that people prioritize
prioritize guarantee ting entertainment
over being spoiled
no maybe people didn't want to see a
three-hour slow moving science fiction
film a sequel to a movie that had a cold
following to begin with that's true
that's true you know what I saw the
advertisement for a rival a slow-moving
science fiction movie yeah that I was so
down for her right
I saw the eye I think the problem with
the advertising for Blade Runner is it
focused too hard on new Blade Runner oMG
it's more than Harrison Ford he's an old
man now Ryan Gosling it's new Blade
Runner whereas like if you would have
told me I don't know anything about the
story maybe I'd be excited give me
something like the first one there is
nothing to the story it's just vistas
vistas vistas that is the story the
story of Blade Runner pieces pieces
vistas all beautiful vistas enhance it's
a simple it's a simple story but you you
could market that story a Blade Runner
is a cop or you know as a private
investigator that hunts and droids down
that's all you need right that's all you
need
wrong again rich everybody why is it
half the stories I hear about people
watching Blade Runner is stories about
them falling asleep it's out here here's
the thing are y'all ready are y'all
ready for me to drop a truth bomb on
everyone is everybody ready for this
truth um I love Blade Runner uh I will
defend Blade Runner it's a boring movie
now I defend it and I love it and I
think it's brilliant it's a boring movie
and that's okay
we should never never be upset when
someone doesn't like Blade Runner you
can understand why they don't I need to
Google Blade Runner falling asleep
stories that's gotta be a thing that
exists right series of stories it's like
people watching Blade Runner for the
first time in falling asleep it's just
it's it's just like a tumblr dedicated
to people collecting people's stories
yeah yeah I gave up with Blade Runner
multiple times you know so does this
mean you like Star Trek the motion
picture as well people tend to fall
asleep to that film - maybe look I'm not
saying I'm a teen I never even said that
the Motion Picture Star Trek the motion
picture was a flawless gem it has no
flaws I think I remember you saying that
multiple times rich its slow-moving and
I like it but I held my interest and I
never fell asleep during it I have never
been able to make it through a full
viewing of Blade Runner
oh fuck I'm so close
I did it
I did it look at Bush all the bushes
look the same except for the one at the
far end of the clearing which has small
berries growing on it look and berries
the berries hanging on the bush looked
quite juicy and smell very pungent take
I fell asleep during Bladerunner 2049
Bladerunner reddit did anybody else
almost fall asleep Bladerunner rented it
is 10:30 p.m. I'm literally falling
asleep while watching Blade Runner many
editors fell asleep while watching Blade
Runner I keep falling asleep during
Blade Runner Sheffield forum why do I
fall asleep when I watch Blade Runner
Millennials really don't like Blade
Runner quote I fell asleep and quote
alright did the little guy go this way I
think he did
you gotta be into it you got you got to
want it what the fuck do I have to make
my way back out now I think you do
where did the little monster go he went
that way and I'm not able to go that way
either I'm on the other side of the bush
are on this side of the bow I think I
need to make my way out now thank you
but I got the berries they could do I
got the pungent berries so you know
we're doing it hell I didn't try just
going up here you just have the berries
you didn't do anything with them right
okay I just have berries and I saved
after I grabbed the berries and now I'm
gonna try to make my way this way
there's something I want to try crane
hem crisis you saved things can you say
go Falcons thank you are the Falcons
doing good in the sports I don't know
okay if baseball is happening right are
the Falcons of baseball no they are
football no football's over right
football's just starting oh shit well I
mean I'm just starting but they're there
in the third in the thick of it with
football I was on a roll so I didn't
want to like save cuz I was like in the
zone all right P the Yankees are the
Yankees out of it no that's fine by me I
gotta say I'm kind of rooting for the
Dodgers though you you and a if you end
a season over 700 you deserve to go the
whole distance was that mean they had a
mazing Lee Goodyear like the Dodgers had
a TA year that puts them in the list of
best of all time years nice ants
great I are we got berries so we got
pungent berries like like average is a
video 500 bad money you bet in 500 500
for the season it's like average okay a
good you are really good here six 600
okay
Dodgers are somewhere over seven mmm
cool okay I have an idea
tell me what you think about this yeah
that machine sends stuff back in time
possibly we don't know this okay that
could just be a joke what's on the
ground there what's that weird shit he
seems to be tickled by the little spores
oh maybe shouldn't have walked into them
I was know what they were your kick
causes pores to open up spray a fine
powder into the air as a result you are
paralyzed from head to toe unable to
move a single muscle
my dad probably it doesn't say I'm dead
can you type anything get up due to
paralysis you are only capable of
displacing hair this place there I tried
to displace air breathe fine check for
the record when I'm talking about Blade
Runner being boring I'm talking about
the first one I have not seen the new
one like I'm interested in the new one
like much like me J Balvin found the
original horribly boring yeah and he
likes the new one yeah yeah so let's
hope for the new one just know I'm not
gonna get to the theaters see it I don't
have anyone to go with
the current is not interested in a
three-hour movie right that's the other
thing it's very long and it seems like
it would be some vision pistas pieces it
seems like it would something to be
better to watch at home a 3-hour
slow-moving but the beast is the Vista's
beast is take a little bathroom break
and then all that be nice
I have an idea here and it's not the
first one is just slow-moving I've liked
slow-moving movies before I like Star
Trek the motion picture
I just think nothing happens in the
original Blade Runner that is
interesting like ever I mean obviously
like a distant other than visual
masturbation I don't see it's not visual
masturbation though the visuals help
tell the story of where they are like
it's it's all it's all hand in hand the
the the facts when when the replicants
are hanging out in Sebastian's house and
he has a house full of not quite up to
date toys and they are toys in there and
the mind as always on view of its
visuals I don't get enough fun of that
so that don't work Bastian as a
character that has a disease that makes
him age rapidly mirroring with with the
replicants having a very short lifespan
then then make the whole movie about the
replicants make a whole movie about the
replicants and not Harrison Ford's
boring-ass nothing character well the
he's the he's supposed to be our he's
supposed to be our window he's terrible
window he's our he's our everyman
he's our everyman rich he's just
figuring it out like the rest of us he's
not a window he's a locked door oh come
on let's don't say we did I thought it
was my plan like I was gonna go to where
the creature went through the hole and
dropped the berries that they like the
Reacher came out but the game didn't
want me to can you just drop the berries
I just what I present with drop berries
put berries in home oh no well that was
my idea
oh well
it is ambiguous whether or not Deckard
is Deckard is a replicant why was your
try you seriously idiot and chat trying
to make a comparison between fucking
boring as Dekker and Mad Max in fury
road because he's not the protagonist
because furiosa said whoa now the two
two different very different cares Mad
Max who actually has like a clearer
easy-to-understand character arc that
develops throughout the film yeah go
fuck yourself that you're pushing man I
know I know you you fucking masturbate
to Blade Runner but ya know you do
masturbate just go fuck yourself the
Blade Runner ain't gay
the dumbest thing I ever heard
oh fuck I forgot that's alright I'm at
so far off I forgot about the stupid pit
the whole point of the fucking story is
the Deckard is human with less humanity
than those used to ask to kill then make
them then focus the fucking movie on
Rutger Hauer and don't focus it on on
Harrison Ford what was that point what
was that point rich the whole point the
whole point of the fucking story is that
Deckard is a human with less humanity
than those he is tasked to kill I get
that it's so boring
and I don't know about that why are why
is the movie focusing on the personality
vacuum and not having more attention put
on on Rutger Hauer they you know that's
we should have well you know we spent a
decent amount of time with Rutger Hauer
but then why not make Rutger Hauer 'z
character a little more likeable you
know instead of having him like murder
people with his thumbs and Decker is
supposed to be struggling with his
humanity like that's why like these the
subtext is that's why he stopped blade
running is because he didn't like the
whole retirement aspect of it but he
seems to be pretty okay shooting him now
and you know that whole quasi sexual
assault thing of the lady in the movie
and you know it's one of those things
it's whole relationship with Lady
replicant is something that I don't
necessarily understand that comes out of
nowhere like why does he like her so
much their relationship isn't really
well established the movie has some
problems it's a good movie the movie
does have some problems
here oh maybe can I go this way ah rich
yeah I am just at a loss all right
what's going on can you go down into the
left no no foliage is too is too thick
to pay up see that yeah all right what's
by the mushrooms mushrooms
can you cook can you collect those
spores that killed you yeah that's good
yeah let's go look over there go mail
that letter do I have a letter I have an
order form wait
this is an order form you removed from a
magazine for free lay bein terror beasts
mating whistle where did you get that I
was just in my inventory to start with
oh my god
okay on it going to the mailbox
ooh going to the mailbox going to the
mailbox and okay mail form
you dropped the order form into the box
the mailbox hums and buzzes for a while
then an object of some sort drops into
the tray or right at the base of the box
the machine goes silent take object okay
is now we have the whistle okay so look
at whistling the whistle is usual
looking great we have a whistle now it's
perfect we have a whistle something with
the whistle whistle ism is a mating call
is a medium mating call for a beast did
we did we check out the spores no I'm
okay on my way now
I will save before I check out the
spores and everyone don't worry I
absolutely will remember to save before
check out dust but I can't go down there
you know
jerk jerk jerk fucking jerk move hey
y'all you know we can talk about while
we're walking what oh wait here's
something it sounds not unlike the
hovercraft you wrecked in
you know what it's safe let's save for
it sure vormax Ian says I became a gamer
in the 80s with Sierra's parlor games on
a 286 computer so here's two dollars and
86 cents as my first tip and a sub
thanks for finally revisiting Space
Quest looking forward to it when you do
- looking forward to it if and when you
do I'd like to do three and let the very
least hovercrafts has been reduced to
amount of twisted wreckage eventually
everything that was straight is bent
everything that okay - me hearing that
noise sounds like they're they're
chasing you or they're looking for you
and be my guests oh I assumed that
beeping came back on okay alright
alright let's go check out those spores
see if we can do anything with them true
blue abuses last tip people were saying
that the new last Jedi trailer spoiled
too much of the movie just to reassure
the audience that the things they want
are in it will that take away from the
actual film know how much you care about
spoilers I bet they didn't give away
anything important
spores the spores are light blue and
bulb shaped they seem to be loosely
attached to the ground
loosely hello hey look at that a save
button save 13 take 4
you take possession of one of the spores
being careful not to mistakenly break it
open we have a spore Wow
we have berries we have a spore and we
have a whistle do we know what we're
doing with any of this shit I'm amazed
at how much I don't remember about this
one I remember one pretty well yeah I
presume once we started playing 3 a lot
of those puzzles would come back to me
right away yeah - not so much well
that's great
I'm gonna take a small bathroom break
you do that I'm gonna sit here and I'm
gonna continue to ban anybody who gets
annoying about Bladerunner and being
physically upset that I don't like it
and something about the fact that I
don't like it I won't get that but I
will annoyingly talk about how great
Bladerunner is you can do that ok you're
not you're not you're not saying you
don't you have being a jerk to me
because I don't love it so I don't care
because like its art and artists all
have our different tastes and if it's
not for you it's not for you that's fine
get it together guys

[Part II]
rich what is your opinion on the future
of Star Trek Grimm I think I think Star
Trek as something I find interesting as
as classical Star Trek I think that's
just dead unless you're talking about
maybe the Orville or or some kind of fan
work or other work that that mimics
classic Star Trek but I don't think
anything from here on out that calls
itself Star Trek is going to feel
anything like the Star Trek I like I
think it's dead
I hear the fan TOS continuation is good
yes but I that's also ending because of
the whole Axanar debacle so I believe
Star Trek continues which is the fan
work I think you're talking about there
they're ending soon because they have to
basically accent are ruined it for
everyone
Star Trek is dead for you or just plain
dead it's dead for me
they'll be star trek from here on out
but it's it's gonna be war drama
screaming action boom
yes yes yes atomic mousetrap looking for
a spiritual successor or successor is
the thing to do right here read that one
Huff Hardin says good evening watching
Jack play this gives me serious
nostalgia for playing peasants quest by
the homestar runner people ever played
it if not care to give it a try
thanks for being Jack and rich I'm I'm
not familiar with with peasants quest I
do know there was like a fan-made hero's
quest heroines quest that I actually
have it I haven't played it yet though
so I know nothing about it
welcome back jack a Star Trek dead I
haven't seen any discovery but from what
I've heard from trusted Star Trek
sources yes in into the future no cuz
you know what Star Trek what when did
the original series come out 66 is
mid-60s
so Star Trek has been alive and kicking
for 50-plus years yeah it is a brand
that is not necessarily going away
anytime soon
and if discovery fails they will try
again okay and you know what there has
been a bit of a push and pull right the
the original one was a little campy and
then the movies got a little more
serious and a little campy and a little
serious and a little shitty and then the
next generation came around and they
took a whole new direction but then with
the next gen movies they went a schlock
direction and then with deep space 9
they went dark and war
right booth then with what was that
Voyager you know they went a different
direction and Enterprise different
directory they keep trying new things so
there will be a push and a pull with any
sort of franchise and that's what we got
with with Star Trek discovery if it
doesn't work out they'll try it again
and you know what they'll try new spin
and that's how everything works but we
basically guaranteed that the new spin
is going to be a drama war drama no know
if discovery does not work they will go
there talking opposite like hey let's go
fun and campy again which you know what
that could work
we might need some fun and campy right
now we might need just some some schlock
like the Orville like the Orville right
we but you know like like the Orville
but good so uh yeah we might just need
some some good light-hearted slang all
right I have the spores you hear
something it sounds not unlike the
hovercraft correct in why had you tried
to do lost in space and failed know the
problem with Voyager was Voyager had a
premise of being lost in space and then
completely ignored that premise and did
like the most generic TNG style episodes
they could do right but with with
characters who were more poorly written
that see that was the real failing a
Voyager like I think we everyone could
have forgives its premise for flaking if
we cared about the characters but then
we didn't care about the characters and
they wrote the characters differently
every fucking episode that's strange
because Kate Mulgrew
she's great talent she would have been a
great captain if if they wrote a
consistent character yeah for her yeah
she's a talent
all right so we have these mushrooms
that eat us and now I have these spores
that make you fall asleep so do I can I
feed them the spores like in my in my
head throw it right in my head I want to
use my supporter as a slingshot
but I do hope thats possible with the
spore yeah probably
is that possible right how do I do that
use spore in supporter I don't know use
spore in supporter does not compute
throw sport look at a supporter this is
your athletic supporter without close
inspection you notice it to be well used
save the game okay throw door that would
be helpful not all right throw berry
don't waste your time do I have it eat
me again now that I have the spores
I just saved
holy geez boy that mushroom thing sucked
you clean up you can't move a muscle
nor see a speck of light you begin
feeling waves of tingling warmth and
moisture suddenly it's not so bad in
here Wow check out those colors dude
your body and mind enjoy the short-lived
buzz that is a side effect of the lethal
poison you are now marinating in you are
obviously oblivious you are oblivious to
the end not a bad way to go actually but
it sure is early in the game I had high
hopes for you they said Who Roger Wilco
not a chance that chump won't last 20
minutes I said no way Roger Wilco isn't
that lame so anyway don't make me look
too stupid too that's fine that's fine
okay so having the spores in my pockets
does nothing - let's try going somewhere
else
yeah the foliage the foliage is too deep
over here can't go this way the only new
information we have is every once in a
while we hear what's north of here
foliage is to deepen foliage but if I go
this way and then up we get here and if
I go this way then it's that a tree
place where the monkey was you know
where the hobbit was and I don't think I
can do anything over here we get that
rope oh I guess maybe coincide let's to
the old look around jerk tried to go
left or right above the maze section I
tried to go right above the maze section
training a left I want to say I did
because I was up there and I know it was
a pain in the ass to get up there
do you know same where you're back there
and you can check this quickly probably
one of them
one of the eight you are in another area
the forest the girl seems to be getting
heavier here look go around
I believe I checked both left and right
okay okay in my heart of hearts I
believe this to be true and now I'm
thinking I don't remember Space Quest
too because it's not my favorite yeah of
the Space Quest sure that's fine rich I
remember not being too fond of this
forest section but I know I know like
then the next area you get to I'm
actually do like okay so fuck he did try
just watch it okay
they said the chat says I did try well
we know we have a whistle oh yeah what's
the story what kind of fun things can we
do with our inventory I think tab will
get you just right there or just higher
right no try tab oh yeah okay we are a
supporter we have the spore we have the
dialect translator a puzzle the berries
a whistle and let's look at the puzzle
the cubix rube puzzle has made you look
stupid
more than usual solve puzzle
oh you pull the puzzle out and give it a
few spins instead of improving it seems
to be worse irritating you stash it and
go on with the adventure all right that
didn't work Oh
dah Oh drats
voules troops have tracked you down and
passed sentence for your escape
tough luck hey no we hide well yeah I'm
sure we gonna hide oh well shit that
brings us back here that was gonna
happen sooner or later the holes
okey-dokey well we'll figure it out
Caucasian Gary says so jack is going
peepee poo-poo
hey hey whoo-hoo because you went to the
bathrooms I went to the bathroom
spider blares his rich suggestion next
year's Bach Tober I am NOT into truck
but I love hearing you and Mike get
passionate about what you love also your
Darth Vader suit facts video is my
favorite look it's all it's all thanks
to the Wikipedia we get very little to
do with that it's all thanks to what
keeping just reading Wikipedia this way
No
oh wait wait you heard oh this is a new
area yeah yeah oh all right friend let's
look around first
cheapy once is away no now you are
standing at the edge of an eerie swamp
you can hear the crooks and moans the
croaks and moans of swamp life none of
which you are eager to encounter okay
something new this is good yeah cheap
cheapy one says hey guys thanks for the
streams all the trek talk got me to
finally watch TNG starting at season
three once I'm burnt out on tracking any
other non Trek sci-fi shows you'd
recommend first game Farscape was a
great show
the the expanse the expanse is a
fantastic sci-fi show newer sci-fi show
if you haven't watched Firefly yet get
on it a little little corny but super
good Futurama
sure sure Futurama that's a fine one
there's their there be a bunch of good
ones Rick and Morty is a great sci-fi
show wading through the swamp wading
through this shit please don't leave me
oh that is so going to eat you that is
so going to eat you I just went the way
the little person went No dammit dammit
you feel something slimy clamped down on
your leg and pull you beneath the
surface you struggle in vain to free
yourself unfortunately your desire to
breathe results in the intake of a large
quantity of swamp water if the lack of
oxygen hadn't killed you the taste of
the putrid water would have alright
chance spoiling it but I think I
remembered this I think I remember this
particular solution anyway okay hey I
think we can get through here now okay
you want spoilers no not yet yeah give
me a chance just look around first okay
this is like this is the only new area
so we have this we have the berries with
the whistle look at look at the items in
detail can you highlight them while
you're in the inventory menu that would
be nice no I thought you could do that
in the other games maybe maybe the the
Space Quest games are just too early for
that yeah at least the first two the
whistle is usual looking look at puzzle
we just did it berries berries the
strange red berries pack a very pungent
aroma alright how about the Spore look
that's four this is one of the unopened
spores and thank you don't look at the
chat I'm not I can't see the chat it
looks like your average keycard you know
we could try the same thing I was gonna
do with the mushrooms and like as soon
as the alligator comes throw the spore
Adam okay okay so we'll give that a try
I have a clean save here so let's look
at the monster and see what it says when
it pops up sure
get ready to tape you're standing at the
edge of the eerie swamp you can hear the
creek croaks and moans of the swamp life
if none of what you are pausing you
start typing look at monster monster
yeah
why do you pause I wish would cause me
is some of the other games that's here I
made pause when you start typing sure
throw berries
fuck this it's under water so I don't
know that would work
sure look at that just pre-typed that's
what I used to do ya know
all right
you must be seeing things how'd the
little guy get across he just walked
he's he's walked there just favorite TV
show of all time
that's probably Star Trek TNG
that I got a cotton loop see won't kill
you from there
nope me well interesting
come on man I can't help out because I
believe I know the answer so and the
chat has spoilers for you yeah I guess
something there's something I kind of
vaguely remembered from my playthrough
as a child anyway okay I didn't remember
doing it specifically here but I
remember doing it
sure I try to take a different route
know if that exists comes from that
direction nope okay one more idea here a
pre type use whistle come on how about
when we get to the next screen like once
we see it follow us
well I sure did use that whistle I don't
think it did any good
Junior Lovecraft says did you get the
security card off the dead body at the
crash site we did we did we did uh a
keycard that's not a hint that I'm just
reading this right that's the next tip
um gents Robo toe says love me some
space quest if you like early adventure
games
I recommend shadow gate and uninvited
much more grim but a lot of creative
bullshit deaths
that's always fun creative bullshit
deaths I am Chester says after watching
Jack's free animator review yeah I am
compelled to mention that one of the
fighters you can play in Tarot dome is
Herbert West that morgue from the movie
is even one of the levels committee and
says hey guys love everything you do
query what do you think of doing back to
the future for review someday good idea
to iconic or just not interested thanks
awesome more blood bone blood-borne bad
Back to the Future 2 unknown to
mainstream I don't know I don't know I
don't know if that's a good idea or a
bad one or a great one
I know what I would like to do now but
there's a lot of stuff for the plate
right now so that's true yeah there's
stuff coming up there's stuff coming up
there's stuff coming up yes yes exactly
what would we say about it that hasn't
already been said right
all right so let's rule things out what
hasn't worked okay so I tried blowing
the whistle that didn't work okay it
wouldn't let me use the berries or the
spore and I just tried to like entangle
it in my athletic supporter well use
these things how and so like well
berries I tried throw berries used
berries the same with Spore throws four
is used for okay okay a supporter you
supporter throw supporter neither seem
to work I think a little bit more
outside the box a little bit more my
idea use use might be too generic use
might be too generic
fling you have a hungry monster that
wants to eat you okay okay hold on I
think I got an idea if that's gonna be
my hint I think I have an idea nope and
supporter damn it don't understand rap
why is the monster eating you hungry
presumably your tasty right that's your
hint all right now specific that was
free
berries on me all right now try body
berries body
interesting
oh look at that smell like a walking
ammonia inhalants all right I've yeah
the solution is to make yourself
unappetizing I would have assumed that
wouldn't work because then we get in the
water to wash it off yeah well you're
outside of the water - you're just
waiting right so I would assume that
would work but that's clever I like that
I can be now I can be yeah yeah I'm okay
with that as a solution to a puzzle
absolutely we might have been distracted
by the chat but I think that's what the
little guy does before he goes into the
water he was he was collecting the
berries before shoot well and but even
if I saw it I probably wouldn't have
right right it's doing he was just doing
like I would have been like I look at
him he was doing a little dance you feel
something slightly clamped down in your
leg and almost as suddenly spit you back
out you distinctly hear the sound of a
chronic gagging and retching evidently
you had a bad taste a bad aftertaste
from the berries ha ha ha
we've done it damn it you know it's just
in case let's solve that one at a point
and click that you can't you just click
the berry on you you do that by trial
and error rub berries on body that's
something you have to actually do some
outside the box yeah yeah like what you
would do in a point and click is you
would click on the berries and then
click on your body and then it will you
you click on the berries and a number of
other things what you're frustrated
eventually you'll click on you when they
don't oh oh he's rubbing berries on him
oh I didn't I didn't think of that
I still didn't because it was and I
get out of the water I think the only
failing is that you didn't get to
receive a little due to ply the barriers
well yeah and it was quick and yeah
right
it makes sense though the logic makes
sense
I know execute four five and six are all
point-and-click yeah I don't I don't I
don't love those as much actually I
haven't even played any of them past
forum and I don't I don't remember if I
finish four honestly really that's not
what to push the tree hoping I could
push it down and it said that would
advance the game in no way this tree is
dead the bark must have fallen off years
ago it bears no foliage push tree that's
what I tried push sure you that would
advance the game in no way knock over
tree that does not compute kick tree
for was all the time-travel stuff yeah
it was fun stuff I'm just I'm not as
fond of point-and-click nothing
interesting about them interesting let's
see what's over here point and clicks
for me there's sort of a couple of in it
but there's been a couple I've liked I
enjoy grim fandago but that's
I gotta admit a lot of that has to do
just the characters in the atmosphere
sure it's it's what's-his-face Tim
Schafer
writing characters that sucked me into
grim fandago and then I should kind of
like quest for glory for a fair amount
that's point-and-click so there there
are exceptions to the rule but in a
general sense I'm not as into point and
clicks maniac mentioned maniac mansion
though had words you could click on to
do thinking kind of things kind of like
this maniac mansion is great
how many times am I gonna typo around
tonight that's the big question how many
times do you like quest for glory - with
with the exception of one puzzle that is
so poorly implemented I think it was
only there to force you to call the
Sierra helpline with what one exception
quest for glory - is my absolute
favorite Sierra game of all time my
favorite adventure game of all time
mm-hmm cool what happened I in hopes
that I could walk north you fell off a
cliff did you say I did okay right
before right before I saved as soon as I
entered as soon as I got across the the
branches in but like you know before you
would walk straight up and get to a new
area here you fall off a cliff
in general I actually haven't played a
lot of the Lucas art games specifically
because I'm not that fond of the point
in clicks so I've not actually played
any of the Monkey Island games played
maniac mansion
I played grim fandago but part of one of
the others I think I played part of one
of the Indiana Jones ones they did I
know the Indiana Jones point and clicks
weren't the cream of their crop so our
pet we passed out again and we're having
a dream
you imagine that your name is Larry you
are wearing something known as a leisure
suit apparently made of 100% synthetic
material and proven to generate large
amounts of static electricity while
prowling a locale known as the land of
the Lounge Lizards you spend your time
badgering women of the era to
participate in bizarre mating rituals
such as just then consciousness begins
to creep in name-drop in your own game
sear mark shit your head begins to clear
and you realize that you have been
imprisoning your captor appears to be
that large Oh thudding and neither fire
one one of the space quests and I forget
which one has a death where I think I
believe you your ship crash lands and
the king's quest castle like land in the
moat and get eaten by the alligators
the hunter seems to ignore you you're a
well a hidden you are in a well-hidden
clearing it is surrounded on three sides
by large smooth rocks ooh rock
formations with brush to the north a
cage is below one of the formations that
you are currently in it in the center of
the camp fire burned and the camp fire
burns one has to wonder about the
purpose of a fire during a warm day such
as this rope sits on one of the boulders
a large Beast is nearby
okay can we grab it's not available to
you from here can you want closer to it
can you walk anywhere in the cage oh
yeah
where did you say ROP or ro PE the
producer there might have been a typo
try that again
Tai poke out hi could there might not
have been I just got a glance I thought
yeah save do you say it's it's crude
looking but effective the rest would
prevent anything but the correct key
from tourniquet all right supporter
whistle its third all right now this I
don't remember the solution to so I can
help is there anything in the cage
search the cage cage that does not
compute the cage is made of some very
hard branches that might as well be
welded steel bars all right
we got a fire we got a rope you may have
a monster which Mike talking to the
monster I have he ignored me the hunter
ignored me look at hunter the hunter
looks angry
well shit okay
he'd soon figure out that it wasn't food
and you'd be in trouble I'll shit I was
hoping to throw the puzzle to distract
him like while he's busy figuring out
the puzzle well there's the old standby
there's the spoor things I could try
throwing this for but then he would just
lean might need the key from him
shouldn't climb out well just you know
like maybe there's something on those
ceiling and just you know yeah I'm
looking around here look at fire there
are flames dancing above the embers of
the fire okay use because I saved ya
nothing nothing nothing my whistle
didn't do anything
cramped in here it's too cramped in here
get rope with supporter right that's
what I'm getting
rope with or turf can't fan it here I
said I was thinking we could try
throwing this more there's for a dunker
yeah throw spore at hunter upon impact
with the ground the spa opens and spews
its dust into the air the hunter falls
to the ground paralyzed I'm still alive
though ground the ground is soiled look
hunter this is bringing up some serious
fucking deja vu rich some serious ass
deja vu with this yeah let's just
playing an adventure game playing
adventure game like this specific puzzle
also we're like have we done something
examine I'm sure we've done something
very close to this oh shit
the hunter is looking right at you and
he's salivating just 210 you have caused
the guard to be paralyzed I don't think
he's too pleased with you what now what
now what now pause pause I can't there's
no oh good I'm out of the cave the
hunter has decided that it's a perfect
day for a barbecue as he slowly turns
you over the
you begin to turn a beautiful
golden-brown death follows at an
agonizingly long distance way to go
wingnut once again you've demonstrated
your inability to sustain life you
quickly glanced around the room to see
if anyone saw you blow it thank you for
playing space Chris - alright well I
think we're on the right track
obviously like that got us out of the
cage right so what do we have time for
after he gets back up or can we is he
close enough to search him as he's on
the ground I don't know when they get up
just to eat us after time maybe we we
throw the spore at him when he's like
after he opens the game I wonder if
that's usable I think he only woke up
after I said look at hunter like I think
you know he was down and then I said
look at hunter and then he got up tried
the translator
well the translator is a passive is a
like that's just that means I can talk
to any yeah that's how I understand it
presumably why would we hit it's got to
be a use for it why do we have this in
the first place look at translate or the
dialect translator is a small device it
is on hear me say use translator what
happens how would you like to do that I
think that's a passive alright
that's me sad cuz how so are we able to
talk to this hunter I I get it I get it
talk to Hunter I tried that the Hunter
stands and takes a long look in your
direction his face though strange in its
own right bears an expression one might
see on a freak show of on a freak show
patron he moves closer ah ok ok ok ok ok
now
now get kikiki upon impact with the
ground the spore opens and spew make
sure sent to the air the hunter falls
through make sure you're standing to the
bottom that cage was close you can get
to the guy okay roll you know we got
time because you know that when the text
is on its pause so by the way what you
have to do rich is talk to Hunter twice
that was the solution that's dumb
that's super dumb yeah search hunter you
search the large not to mention unclench
body of the hunter you find a key which
might unlock the cage of him that you
find a few sword pear cake you take key
reaches key use key it's not unlock cage
lock I fuck you on the lock cage you
suck the key into the lock and give it a
turn the lock snaps open alright alright
open door you open the cage door
it's a pope we need some rope Jack I
want all the Rope take rope fuck you
you grab the rope what else is there
what else is there - fire fire hold on
wait wait
save can we take fire take fire don't
bother now okay look at fire the flames
are dead okay I mean there's a fire here
so but it doesn't necessarily know you
know I'm just what I'm gonna do is get
the fuck out of here that's what my plan
is
by tie up the hunter fuck that might be
a good call because I can't get out I
don't know how to get out rich alright
let's just try to do that
quick tie up hunter what a waste of
perfectly good rope in his state he will
not prove an impedance okay it's got to
figure out how to get out straight
across between the bushes in that rock
down there down bushes maybe up fuck oh
shit
yeah where's this oh look the distance
you are at the edge of a forest the
boundary is a sheer cliff at the east
side of the area in the distance you see
a landing platform possibly the one
which welcome you to the world
fuck yeah yeah all right I got the rope
let's just make sure we can't go out
this way tried okay try walking for the
fire like standing next to the fire arm
on top of the fire and then go left can
you go through there oh maybe yeah he's
gotta be faster over here getting outta
here
gettin out of here whoop are we saved
now we can now that we're past those
dingbats I'll see if we can going back
back right and try going north
hey to The Return of the Jedi base
clearly oh fuck nope nope way to go
Pathfinder as you plunge towards the
base of the cliff mommy escapes your
lips into the fire jack right steal his
clothes I can't is taking his clothes
where it was not an option gosh dang it
click use the rope to get down the cliff
let's uh let's see what's over here I
think this is where you came this far I
came in you can't ride north yeah I fell
off that cliff oh that's right and
remember that remember ask Apes for a
ride just make sure ok yeah that's where
I came from
all right I have I have a rope now I
just want to know what the beeping did
what I'm sure the beeping did is made
people come faster right well they've
already come anyway then I have no idea
what the beeping did is that do you do
you think that if like the beeping
happened none of these guys would be
here would that would it be that awful
of a game to us see really cruel no
probably not
alright let's um let's go back down here
I think they only come if I get too
close to the edge so I'm going to assume
Oh hunters gone okay huh I wonder if I
can take this sport now if this is
something like and around like look that
ground the ground his soil I think I
don't like them we don't have a clear
idea of what we need to do wait wait
wait wait look at fire say fire look at
ring look at fire ring I don't think
there's anything to do with that then
take right good like if the fire went
out maybe like there's a coal I can take
or something wrong way okay we don't we
can't go this way try it under the bush
and a bush under a bush shop and a bush
sit sit down I also don't like that we
don't have a clear idea of what to do
yeah fucking hell like around you are
well it glares who rocks the cage is
blue you know for my a campfire ring I
can't fire a ring game
I can't fire extinguish is located see
like there's gotta be something there
look in ring wait let's try it let's try
the cliff in the rope I think I just
think you're on the wrong track my
campfire I get it
here's the problem with the rope I
understand this it's all I got
here's the problem with the rub there's
nothing to tie it to let's examine the
cliff look at cliff the cliff is sheer
there looks to be no way down without
the direct aid of gravity like obviously
we got to get to that base yah climb
down cliff here's what I'm gonna guess
as soon as I like we saved and I was
already yeah yeah I'm gonna guess as
soon as I hit the brown they come for me
nope okay climb down say what climb down
cliff
climb down cliff up north do they want
you to do this up north I think they
just trying to get you to fall now whoa
all right
I didn't work
all right North was another cliff right
trees something trees tie the rope
around a tree the bushes seems to be
composed of leaves and small branches
nothing interesting about them I mean in
the other screen you think like tie rope
here maybe this is what I'm saying
alright you know worth a shot tie rope
to a tree say what that means no usually
um wait wait wait wait what about what
about this area over here what a bucket
yeah or am I gonna do doop doop doop
walking this area just so you know you
can walk diagonally what like the number
pad right like this no no I mean yeah oh
here I've been using the arrow keys like
a sucker actually I'm so used to the
arrow keys now the reason I use that for
for FPS is largely because of these
games
I get log I had so we had to okay tie
rope to tree you'll have to decide
between the stump and the log rich to
tie the rope around yep ooh we just
saved tie rope to climb down rope climb
down rope oh my god you head over the
edge and down the rope here's what
here's what here's the issue we're gonna
have to swing high that's what I tried
to do I just think if we swing we're
gonna swing right into its mouth yeah
we're gonna have to do something to get
him to fall off the ledge I'm gonna
guess that's the Beast
and we need to use the whistle okay
that's not me remembering the solution
either this is me thinking of this so
it's not cheating I totally don't
remember this part at all honestly
to the log oh yeah that's right off the
edge no nothing Oh your timing causes
you to jump when the Rope is at its the
least helpful point gravity beckons oh I
did cuz I thought like we're gonna need
to swing I get you so yeah okay so now
that we know that the log is the way to
go
we missed the whistle area what we mean
we missed the whistle area
all right damn it I'll accept the
spoilers in the chat for this for this
missing the whistle area is this
something that's gonna bite us in the
ass are we gonna have to restart our
from a really old save to get something
we missed
oh we didn't miss something big then
yeah but we like we are saves we don't
have too many saves we might have missed
something in the swamp yeah
yeah and it's important in the swamp
yeah I don't even know if we have that
save what can we get back to the swamp
from here huh
look I'm just can you can you get back
there from here maybe I think this way I
think it's this way I'm sure they're
fucking with us wait hold on I no no no
save real quick
they're lying all right are they though
cuz here's the swamp somes right here
why are there so many sauce and stick
around models and what's on the other
side
rainbows are visions but only illusions
rainbows have nothing to hide so what's
so amazing that keeps us stargazing will
we be there to find out that's not the
right words someday you'll find it The
Rainbow Connection lovers the dreamers
and me all of us under its spell you
know that it's probably magic just stop
no I wasn't we were in the swamp just
stop someone I was singing what are we
doing in the spa fridge what are we
doing in the swamp why are we in the
swamp was there a part of the swamp that
was deep
w were we swimming yeah through any of
this where was that it was up here okay
we need to go to the deep part of the
swamp oh shit
I'm covered in berries right still maybe
yep all right yeah there's a deep part
to the swamp over here I kinda I kind of
remember this I know I know the thing
you get well so yeah I mean there was a
deep artists pumping I was thinking to
myself oh it's really weird that we
suddenly have to swim over here and it
didn't yeah and I well you know what
because and then like two minutes later
we kid I was like oh we got out of these
oh that's weird
I thought it was weird but not really
worth mentioning I guess okay
so I'm swimming now yeah okay what do we
want for spoilers well I mean you've
already you've already like said like we
have to come back here for something
yeah I know all right Frank dive oh shut
up oh man look at that did you hold your
breath is that a thing did we say nope
shit we'll get to the surface and save
before you suffocate on your way back to
the surface after saving sure yeah call
that there we go that would have been
the worst possible all right back to the
scram we know what to do we know what to
do take a breath before diving cute
that's that's cute that's that's that's
infuriating
see I'm a talent agency and I'm looking
for the next big star singing frog and
that could be that could be huge
okay hold a breath take a breath hold
breath you take a deep breath filling
your lungs to near bursting and head for
the depths below oh you don't even need
to pretend dive I'll hold breath look at
that animation yeah that's great golden
shit it's stuck in a rock I didn't save
rich or fine or fine I didn't say if I
need to know then I just hit my head on
a rock
stop doing that and if I just hit my
head on a rock and I need fudge enough
shit shit shit can you go up oh wait up
here you know over are you hitting the
bottom you're hitting something
oh my god I was hitting the bottom oh
god oh god oh god oh
go got Lardon whoa let's save
look you are in a small grotto below the
swamp a strange light dances off the
walls of this cave its origin a glowing
gem situated on top of a boulder look at
gem you do not possess look at gem gem
you do I tell me have to fucking take
the gym first take gym you take the
glowing gem look at Jim the glowing gem
provides a gentle this one is a
seemingly random item is used in
multiple Space Quest games it stays in
your inventory for a while nice breath
once again you wisely taking a load of
air and head below cells at the
beginning of a sequester oh you know
what I'm thinking of one of the fan
games it takes place between two and
three used in oh yeah yeah I'm thinking
of a fan game there it is in your
inventory in Space Quest 3 oh that's
great but you sell it if somebody made a
Space Quest zero oh alright alright
great we did it we did it thanks chat
we're saved nope I'm gonna wait till we
get closer to the fair enough fair no
danger here so I'm gonna wait till I get
next to the lag again walking slowly
through the swamp
with it the rock glows why would you
throw a rock that glows why would you
take a rock that closes because you just
want to take everything you can and
games like it's all from money yeah look
the character is an idiot well couldn't
be radioactive characters an idiot he
sees a glowing Rock and he goes I'm
gonna get me some of that rock acts so
I'm still okay with this now I'm gonna
get me this rock do-do-do-do-do yeah are
you going to play space venture it's a
Kickstarter game made by the original
Space Quest creators I need to look into
this get log climb down rope
talk to beasts illa response rotas his
stomach growl
for the record chat I think the space
quest for you end up at the King's Quest
castle I think that might actually be
for what the time travel device it's not
part of a puzzle I think it's just like
a random code you can type into the time
travel machine that ends up taking you
to King's Quest can you just swing I was
trying to press the left and right to
swing like a normal video game that's a
type in swing if you press left or right
there's a normal video game right oh my
oh my get ready for that f6 I get my
fingers on it
that was swing harder like what do I
need to and think you're slowly getting
yeah it looks like I'm slowly building
up momentum button oh oh he swiped he
swiped no no sorry it's doing it
automatically don't worry it's gonna be
this next one oh god maybe not
he's so gonna get you oh it's not funny
he who hesitates is lost you gave the
guy one chance too many and he seizes
the opportunity not to mention you you
are consumed in two quick bites gosh
dang it
MOG climb down rope
swing hard just just swing it'll be fine
it's gonna take fucking I hit the plus
arrow and we hit the plus key the one
the number pad I think no not speed up
time no there's something you could hit
to speed up time so after his second
swipe I jump hit tab why just do it I'll
be fine
he's not tab which is all takes you like
a menu at the top the screen is
everything's fine everything will be
fine
I mean you to speed up the game in
general right and this will go by really
quick yeah time swing again while
swinging no nope okay
nope okay there's one this is the one
who's too
oh come on come the fuck ah there's no
way you would know that's fine that's
that's a classic like just learn by
failing know what you guys know wait
like on your first try playing that
there's no way you would have known
right that you could make it right
that's right a big difference
I would read well of that hey I don't
think these games are built so that you
can easily get through it on the first
try right I'm with you these games are
full of death traps for fun because the
funny deaths are also part of the
experience
all right gorgeous standing in a small
ledge there's a mammoth member of the
local fauna to the right looks to be in
constant need of nourishment and the
look being cast you all right then they
just like this so you call the 900
number of tip hotline yeah that's part
of it being as decorative as it isn't
here there isn't much to see you do see
light coming from the east you take out
the gem and hold it in your palm the
room is illuminated by its glow you hear
a small shriek and the sound of many
footsteps moving away from you ooh we
would have got me eaten by something if
we tried to walk forward without that
rock that's a good call that's a good
call I'm probably good to have that rock
thanks Chad
and now we have cancer yes
we now have cancer but that's gonna be
that's a treatable illness in the future
the ground below your feet disappears
you tumble through the darkness whoa
nice that was a rather spectacular
entrance all systems seem to be intact
though all right oh look at those little
guys look around the dwellers mumble
something the translator responds with
follow us beanpole they hurry away okay
I will try to type around now without a
typo cricketer I'll run emote writes a
run yes yes we can look a arunda you are
at the bottom of a steep Gorge almost
totally surrounded by impassable rock
there is an opening to the southeast the
balls expand a great distance ground
I'm gonna spoil that I saw that coming
yeah I didn't I spoil that I thought I
thought as much but I guess I just wanna
check if I go back this way what uh you
know what no no no oh the cave becomes
much too steep to continue further okay
so we just can't go that way
all right we're gonna go follow our
little friends now follow my little
friends follow them down the hole Hey oh
my god this is hilarious
welcome to our Canyon you look to be
from out of town on behalf of all of us
I would like to thank you for saving our
compadre from the hunters lollipop yeah
not now Gary there's a whole costume
change you are welcome to stay in the
canyon as long as you like when you are
ready to leave simply say the word and
my associates will show you the only way
out for a being your size when you leave
however we must seal the exit behind you
for our own protection goodbye and good
luck
do you okay
you are at the south end of the gorge
bottom there are more odd rock
formations here there are still more of
those little pink folk beanpole yeah I'm
looking at the chant that lollipop guild
bed did not get did not get the love it
deserved it was a good luck doesn't
compare bright
I might have shut it down too soon by
the way to do it of course talk to man
they don't speak they just giggle look
man these guys are quite fleshy and pink
looking you alright well we can stay in
the gorge for a little bit so let's
that's okay nope I'm gonna sneeze we're
gonna play others face quest games in
the future I'd like to do three two at
some point sure take a look at four I
know it's pointing like I'm not as fond
of but no everyone get some fun out of
it yeah look at rock you fuck you and of
this item look at the rock in front of
my face if you're gonna get a rock from
view those little ones to the right look
look look at the rock
I think you've got mad Jack longer Allah
you are the so take rock you are not
constructed in a manner that will allow
you to do anything to the boulders you
might get one of those little pink guys
to move one of them for me fuck man I
think that's just a dig if you need a
area to go in talk get me rock good it's
a translator on stole right use
did you like my song no tickle all right
tickle man what did the what did the guy
say talk to man they don't speak they
just giggle what didn't know know when
the the thing the guy said before he
walked off he said let me know when you
want to leave and we'll take you out the
only exit asked to leave yeah but like
there's no shoes like there's nothing
like these little guys can do this
Boulder for us that's probably how you
leave oh I'm gonna guess I was my my
assumption yeah they're gonna push that
Boulder and there's gonna be a hole with
a ladder sure but like I I guess I just
assumed there was something for me to do
in here say what let's save who knows
when the last time we saved was leave
just save the word when you want to
leave or word
I know I know you know I know game I
know sometimes you're too clever for
yeah they made they made money like
gangbusters off that hit line that's
where 90% of Sierra's profits came from
I used a lot I was too young to get a
lot of this shit to is probably the
worst offender for me I remember I
remember the solution to this and it's
stupid and it's also outside of the box
I tried using my gym again you need to
be more specific I'm going to use the
restroom suddenly and inhuman guttural
moan echoes through the narrow caves
you're not sure which direction it came
from the only thing you do know for sure
is that you've just soiled your
undergarments I figured it out ha better
not a great deal better but better if
you hold the gym in your mouth
Oh doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo rich Steve give me a
pretty good hand fill a favorite word of
the game soiled you know solids pretty
good that's pretty good word I'm not
gonna lie nope the soil the ground is
soiled how's my coffee farm coming it's
coming out it's coming along great
actually I'm in year two spring now and
my entire greenhouse except for one
patch of eight
I have sprinklers so my entire
greenhouse except for one patch of eight
is all coffee and now I have four
patches of eight outside that are coffee
I currently have eight kegs and two of
them are running like wine and beer wine
or beer cuz I have a lot of like ancient
fruit and stand hops and the other six
are just constantly running coffee and
coffee you can make coffee in kegs
pretty easily pretty quickly and so a
lot of days I'll just hang by the farm
and and you know make coffee and it's
it's fairly profitable the you know my
mayonnaise makes more money
but you know I wanted the coffee farm so
we got the coffee farm but it's going
really well I'm just at that point where
I need to figure out either a new task
for me or just be done playing stardew
valley and I'm kind of okay being done
because my coffee farm is gorgeous
its own ins right that's how it ends
it's like a I'm done so you figured it
out you put it in mouth you yeah yeah
but you know what clever yeah yeah very
clever you did give me a pretty good
head size
but yeah so when I was a kid that was
one I needed the hope line for it oh
yeah yeah I would believe that and then
they're like listen kid you can't use
your hands you can't keep calling us do
your parents know too young for the game
kid try to Leisure Suit Larry there's
some kind of like National Woman's Day
we can play Leisure Suit Larry on
Women's History Month sure does anytime
in February in honor of great women
everywhere well play um what was like
what was that awful flash game about
banging women it was the point-and-click
adventures like Jake's oh god it was it
was a like an awful flash game and it
was basically a choose your own
adventure right but it was all about
like getting the most chicks it was
called sigh I've talked about it on
streem before it's kind of like Jake's
gotta get banged or something it's awful
what is it called what is what is it's
like Jake's adventure Jake's yeah Jake's
something everyone everyone remembers
playing this game I've my cousin's
name's Jake and so we found the game
only because it was called like Jake is
awesome or something Jake's booty call
Thank You Gina it was out there terrible
games but you know like my cousin's name
Jake and since like a let's play the
Jake game and yeah it was awful
Jake's booty call is there there are
there are women who launched the strip
that's true
I am obviously joking yes and here's the
thing about the women that watch our
stream they're smart enough to know when
Rich is joking
Leisure Suit Larry besides anyway it's
not meant to be take it seriously the
character is supposed to be pathetic yes
and yeah I mean he gets rejected all
constantly that's the integra came this
is tedious just trying trying to find
the right way out doo doo doo doo doo
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
so anyway yes star do like I've now
unlocked everything from the Jojo Mart
I've been able to buy everything yeah
and that's you know that's fun I went to
the desert and you know hung out there
for a little bit yeah it seems all right
I don't necessarily care about the
desert I did choose the Riverlands
and so I I might dedicate oh hello
I might dedicate one whole island to
coffee farming but at this point I
honestly have hundreds of coffee seeds
yeah and sounds like what's even the
fucking point I've kind of made it I've
noticed myself teetering off yeah this
the past couple thing that's how even
the harvest that's how they work yeah
you reach the point you did what you
wanted to do you enjoyed it yeah you
don't know yeah and it's like there's a
few mysteries that I'd love to unsolved
like I still have not found the first
dwarf scroll so I can't talk to the
dwarf and according to the wiki ax the
star dude Wikia it's JIT just shows up
somewhere in the mines yeah random
didn't even say levels for that one oh
yeah levels 1 through 120 really yeah
just somewhere in the mine I don't think
I ever got it too late so you're
probably okay just stick into the early
levels but but I mean it just can be
anyway yeah yeah and so
it's one of those things where I would
love to do that I would love to figure
out this mr. cui thing which I've
started unraveling uh-huh currently I
have to I'm growing I'm growing radishes
because I need to put radishes in the
mayor's refrigerator that's totally
normal right this is how you know mr.
cui yeah yeah so you get in the casino
Oh fine if you even seem because I
haven't even seen this desert Oh Oh is
mr. cui the one who's blocking the door
I think it might be his bodyguard sure
okay yeah I've been to the store in the
desert and I've been giving gifts to the
attendant because I thought if I gave
her enough gifts she would talk to the
bodyguard yeah no I think it's that
quest oh well there you go then I guess
I don't care about mr. cui that much
okay I'll be honest okay with a casino
hmm all right let's see here you have an
opportunity to stand and spare your
tender knees the crystal-clear water
gives off a gentle glow in abundance it
is able to light the room you take the
glowing gem from between your aching
jaws you notice it is overly moist as
you slip it into your pocket all right
jack stop for a second did you enjoy
that mace did I enjoy that yes No then
save the game all right
look at water the water is clear except
for a very slight cloudiness it appears
to be luminous in fact the waters soft
glow seems to be providing the light
here in before acid water I jumped in a
little bit yeah yeah I'm just taking it
easy oh I think I can make it I think I
can make it into four acid water all
right
I said I'd have a save 27 that was saved
God everything's fine
Grimlock 1980 says know if you could
make a game out of any of the films from
best of the worst which would it be and
what would you like to see it it mm-hmm
they're not really that really good
movies to make games out of man have you
seen the movies oh no the answer is
obvious what was the one with the monkey
driving the tank monkey Oh Mikey tank
just make that a game this monkey tank
because you could turn deadly prey into
a fairly generic yet over-the-top
shooter yeah yeah you could have a
scream button to paralyze people with
fear temporarily will they go like yeah
and that's where you're going to like
slo-mo mode it's you're like it's your
it's your deadly rage meter you have a
whole mechanic dedicated to beating
people with their arms I love it yeah I
fucking love it
okay so we turn low blow no way not low
yeah low blow he was oh yeah yeah low
blow could be low blow is a mix between
an action movie and a point-and-click
adventure cuz it's a detective story
okay okay well then like randomly it'll
have a gun battle and a driving sequence
but the car does not drive straight do
you get points for like running into
mailboxes not during an action sequence
just when you're like driving around
like bonus points for running into
things agreed it's so easy it's so it's
so easy that's right this way
low blow would have to be like a grand
theft auto type of game absolutely
little pared down but will Oh nope this
might not have been the right way yeah
saw that coming he's still swimming he's
still making oh god that doesn't sound
right
that doesn't let's play after after
combing off a pair of rock okay I have
never seen the word Korean I have never
either do you think that was supposed to
be careening yes I do I do think that
and I and chat chat can you do me a
favor and see if Koroma ng is a real
word no okay okay so Sierra games we
caught you they did it again we caught
you alright it's a real word oh it is to
make a strike a rebound Wow
make a Khurram our ohm all right then
well shit okay well then it will go this
way good thing I saved right before that
fork in the road
monkeys cat says hey rich and Jack hey
do you think there's still a market for
non point-and-click adventure games
considering adventure games the whole of
dwindled over the years thanks for the
stream no other than as a nostalgia trip
for people like me and there's not many
of me
yeah you know they do have what do they
have ai ai ai play around with it every
once in a while a for smartphones they
actually have what is it called its
called frats FR otz and it is a it is a
program for text adventures the only
problem is it's only text adventures but
you know text only but but you know you
type on your phone you look around you
do all the things and it's it can be
really fun can I point out you know that
the adventure
genre did not die off until they all
became point clicks I'm just well I'm
just saying but was it ever big to begin
with I think you know like this well I
don't know what you call this version of
a of a text adventure but you know like
there there was a time when you could
walk into like software etc and a fair
amount of the games would be some kind
of adventure game yes okay well like
what do you call this type of an
adventure game where you still walk
around just an adventure game right just
system ciara used I think specific like
a parser a parser Texas yeah so I'd like
I guess that's the thing where it's like
I think this is the zenith like still
being able to walk around but typing to
do stuff I think I think Sarah were the
only ones to really do this oh yeah yeah
I mean you had a lot of people did just
plain old text adventures right and then
LucasArts started doing the
point-and-click and then everyone was
started doing the point-and-click yeah
but as far as I know this walk around
where you also type I think that was
only Sierra really they had the market
chance gonna pull something out of there
but then I don't know about but new
frats games keep being made to this day
no and you know what the frats games are
fun and they're like they're short
they're like the Frog fractions they're
short little text adventure games and I
I really like that I dig that out every
once in a while I think that's really
fun it is a little tough like when
you're on your phone to kind of like
scroll back throughout like what have I
already done where am I supposed to go
keeping track of that but I can you know
what I could see I could see text
adventures making a comeback on
something like an iPad because they
don't really have the keyboards they
don't really have keyboards but here's
here's what you're missing here's what
you're missing like using the phone yeah
I also want a little area where I can
make notes mm-hmm and so like if you
have your iPad right you could have you
know like have it and then have one area
where you know you're just you're typing
and you're texting and then the other we
can you can draw little pictures yeah
and you're like okay here's the
map layout I think there's a box here
I've already looked here and you could
actually like draw out your own map on
half of the screen yeah and then the
other half is just for typing and they
don't really have keyboards but you
don't need fast typing you just need a
fishing typing right and so like I think
that would be a way to bring it into the
modern age okay
a froths plus if you will Jack there is
a great discussion by Roberta Williams
talking about how games like doom
changed gaming for the worse her point
was that adventure more methodical games
were much more common in her heyday lol
well more like payday was roberta
williams from sierra gay husband were
sierra it's like yeah yeah ok i'll
disagree as far as saying for the worst
maybe maybe maybe not to her taste right
i i would those but i do think it's fair
to say that stuff like doom did kill off
stuff like this and that's a shame well
yeah but I'm certainly not gonna take a
look at doom and say it's terrible or
that it ruined video games I say I'd say
honestly I would say consoles have more
to do with that the threat is you're not
you know you didn't have you didn't have
typing in the consoles it was all 100%
well he's just some puzzle games but you
didn't really have like adventure games
on the console it was just not a good
John where that worked or existed there
maniac mansion is like the one exception
I could very well like the
point-and-click could kind of work
because you could just need to move your
cursor around yeah thumb stick so well
they tried it with they ported King's
Quest 5 to the NES I don't think I don't
think it's sold very well sure
so I'd say I'd say the consoles had more
to do with the death of that type of
game than doom did hmm sure
let's see here as you enter another of
the mysterious subterranean chambers you
realize that the water is now racing
towards a giant whirlpool in the middle
of the area you are caught in a strong
current powerless to alter your course
okay sir axel on the chat saying
point-and-click us all over consoles
it's called telltale you mean you mean
the QuickTime event games there aren't
all they don't at all resemble adventure
games oh my god those games suck you
know you know what what's available
right now and that did not exist in the
in the 80s and 90s which is the era
we're talking about rich I finally
played my first telltale game yeah
because the first chapter of the
telltale Batman series is available for
free on the iPad yeah like hey test it
out see if you like it
it's garbage man it's good like it is
it's nothing but QuickTime event and
pressing a button I know and all of the
decisions that you have to make in the
story there's a timer on them and so if
you want to like really like like think
about like what Batman would do in this
situation or what your you want their
character to do there's a little timer
so you gotta like make quick decisions
for those Oh what garbage oh I got
pooped out I remember liking the first
part of Telltale's The Walking Dead
mm-hmm but I would not call that an
adventure game first first off I
wouldn't I call that an adventure game
and then I I quickly lost interest once
the you know read more on the series
it's and it turned out that like the the
choices you're making on Paul bullshit
it's all bullshit geez that was quite a
trip
peering around you find yourself back in
the open again okay look around you are
in a pool it is fed by a waterfall which
spews from a strange rock face and
actually pardon me an actual face an
ugly one at that is carved into the rock
it must be hundreds of years old okay
this grim fandago count because that
works on the ps4 what's gonna ps4 we're
talking about what what would killed off
these games in the first place back in
the 90s yeah I'm sure it was hard to
port your your adventure game to the NES
you got maniac mansion and like you said
you said King's Quest one of the kings
quiz yeah right like that's it that's
what we got I don't think it's so very
well right you are in a little clearing
which is surrounded by large boulders
and impenetrable brush there is water in
which you entered at the bottom left you
can just see a landing platform in the
distance that's the best that's the Jedi
return the Jedi base and and yes chant I
have seen the absolutely adorable I
asked Jack to send me in a a link to it
of the image somebody drew I did take
the birthday boy riding the Showbiz
Pizza Bearer it's indeed by the way did
you click on the larger you can get that
large format it looks great we got to
get we got to get one for the studio
well frame it rich it'll be great I love
it I love it it's gorgeous
it is gorgeous
they're telling you to pick up a rock
pick up a rock I don't have a rock thing
somebody telling you to pick one out
should I save first say first always
save I'm saving all the time
half 78 cents rich speaking of put and
click have you played the Star Trek TNG
PC game final immunity might make a fun
stream after Space Quest 2 I've not
played that one I have played the the
original series once they had the voices
never that we streamed that once oh yeah
when he fifth anniversary yeah
it's not familiar with those it's neat
because they got the cash back but
that's pretty important it's fine it's
fine
there's nothing pretty guest about the
rocks people there's nothing there's
nothing I could learn from the rocks
doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo big
access did you ever play the wind hem
classics that predated some of the seer
our originals below the root was my
favorite also Alice in Wonderland creepy
early Metroidvania esque Jack might
really enjoy him all right I am just not
familiar with those at all what are they
so wind wind ham classics wind him okay
hold on well what was the cold wind ham
no but Alice Alice in Wonderland he said
something about root and below the root
below root it's not on GOG below the
root is not on GOG I'm just gonna open
up another tab real quick here cuz you
know rich is saying like we're looking
for non seer below the root below the
root video game boom got it up we will
look into that later okay boom all right
the rocks in this region are all gray
and fairly rounded there appears to be
nothing of interest about them well shit
look brick mr. dick I don't understand
brick fucking rides you can fucking you
keep questioning so I just when I get
caught up real quick ER and we get
behind requesting Miss tutsis fun stream
guys
reminds me of frog fractions and that
time Jack got addicted to making bug
porn love you hacks thank you for one I
wouldn't say addicted I was just you
know like I was working I was actually
was not very good at making bug porn
yeah until the chat told me how to cheat
she's bunch of cheaters Joe kitty
double-o one says hey guys there's a
point-and-click point and click game
called Harvester Sun GOG
and it's a spoopy game okay this game is
pretty scary I mean we've met monsters
nice lime rock that wouldn't be helpful
are you sure because if I climb the rock
I'd be closer to the fucking platform
you sure that would be helpful game is
dave bautista gonna outshine the rock
he's already been in better movies than
the rock but have the movies been good
because of dave bautista like primarily
a little bit he's great as direct as
Drax I haven't seen him in Blade Runner
good here he the rock Dwayne the rock
Johnson is one hell of a charismatic man
he can carry a film
fuck yeah and dave bautista carry a film
so far I would say we don't have the
data to perform that calculation but my
assumption would be no the rock has a
presence
Batista might even be a better actor
right but right Rock has a presence as
an he has an aroma about him he might be
just better at finding good scripts too
though this is smart smart too starring
Guardians that was some smart shit yeah
that was the role to take that was that
was a good call on his part and he
played it great you can see a landing
platform in the distance all right so
what's going on come when you get around
okay north north west yeah an
impenetrable brush like up in the North
West like diagonal you can't get up in
there Bush oh wait
can I get on the other side of that bush
no and I'm here foliage all right what
about just flat out west but behind that
bush to the north yeah you can't get
behind the bush no no I mean I west the
other way left no oh do do do do do do
do do do do like here boom foliage
and I need you no okay okay
worth a shot oh yeah let's take a look
at that face what do we got
face yeah I'm caught up with the tips
I'm gonna be in full on puzzling mode
now rich said went west but Jack went
east is very well I get my left and
rights confused a lot same with vested
Western is less than East oh yeah but I
mean that's all they are they're left
and rights I get them confused a lot you
know what I always pissed the hell out
of me is people who would go I just do
just do this and the one that's an L is
left right ya ever do that you have
teachers tell you them no no she's the
one I write with this right sure that's
another way to help remember but I I
would always get left and right confused
and and say do this but you know I
sometimes see letters backwards out of
order and so they tell me to do this and
I'm still wasn't able to figure out left
to right even by hundreds of times they
told me that is good Oh what bothered
the fuck out of me check on a look at
face that was fucking thing I've ever
heard they are both an L to a dyslexic
yeah no that would by the way that's the
point of my story is it is is it was
very frustrating for me the strange ugly
face as a look of disgust edged into it
the waterfall streams from the open
contorted mouth this must have been
carved by members of an early
civilization if this was their God
imagine how ugly the common man looked
like it climb on something we dive here
oh I suppose we're swimming let's save
let's we're already saved in here we
probably everybody you know no it
doesn't hurt and I guess to have another
save hold breath hold breath there's
nothing of interest below the surface of
the water out again okay oh can we swim
left I don't believe so
no okay
yeah oh yeah we we talked about that a
while ago jack is super dyslexic is
there anything on this pedestal I tried
I tried to climb climb Rock
you can't pull yourself out of the water
here I pull myself out of the water here
climb no but we talked about that a
while ago and just recently I had a I
had it like a like a what do you call it
what do you call it when you get a war
flashback a trauma flashback because I
saw I saw someone try to explain to
their kids left and right bye guys and
he was just like oh my childhood it was
I mean I try I didn't freak out that
much but I freaked out like a little bit
just child which one do you write with
all right with this one that's your
right all right well this was that your
left right all right oh no man you know
like after you know after I calmed down
from my from my stress nightmare like
they said that to the kid and the kid
got it right away oh yeah this is left
okay great like they understood it
finally yeah smarter than me see you
look at water fall what are fall races
from the face to collide with the
relatively smooth surface of the pool
swim up waterfall you know what I'm
gonna try this were a Looney Tunes game
that would totally be a solution water
oh my god wouldn't that be great a
Looney Tunes
adventures because then like your
imagination possibly too much though if
there's no rules of logic how do you
solve logic based puzzles it would have
to be a short very short game climb some
of the things we can get up in the Nook
on the right north which I doubt that
look what's the check it there's a
little area green between two boulders
in the far right we'll check yeah we'll
check it out check it out let's check it
out ya know it kind of looks like I'm
doing something nasty to that nook right
now but that's about someone's saying
can we climb the vines but I'm not I'm
not sure we're climbing this gets us
back it's the other way doesn't seem to
have an exit but you know out of here
I'm okay I'm right next to the vine
we'll try that yeah I can't pull
yourself out of the water here all right
Chad no now I've seen spoilers possibly
I don't know maybe it's just their
suggestion I don't know it's that's
really tough it's tough to say with
what's spoiler you know who's really I
don't know if I should say yeah we we
tried holding our breath again it did
not work okay the trees coated with a
slimy film making it unclimbed ball
uncle kulikov says there's a dune
adventure game where you control space
mining a war with the Harkonnen and
eventually seeding the planet with life
okay meet fiery dog poop says Jack I
just finished watching American vandal
it was such a great watch I was laughing
and grinning the entire way right any
other mockeries you would suggest
mockumentary um you know what I feel
like the entire mockumentary genre has
been ruined by David guest yeah you ever
see any
his like waiting for Guffman or Best in
Show or mighty wind familiar with him or
spinal tap
I know the Cavs that's the same as a
mighty wind
he didn't direct that one hit and
directed by Rob Reiner buddy yeah he
wrote that arena wrote it right but you
like I feel like for a long time any
sort of mockumentary was just trying to
be as good as David gest I have a
suggestion then yeah documentary now
which is available on Netflix Oh rich
brings it documentary now is great
documentary now is fantastic it's a
series on Netflix and each each episode
of the series is an entirely different
style of mockumentary with like some of
the same actors it's a it's a oh fuck
who's the people in it know what that
one guy from Portlandia what's his name
I don't know his name the guys from
Portlandia red Armisen okay and the
other guy who's amazing oh my god
terrible Fred Armisen and Bill Hader
Thank You drainable and Bill Hader and
it like it's literally every episode is
a new satire of a very specific
documentary like they have one that just
takes the piss out of Nanook of the
north it's great it's oh it's fantastic
it's all fantastic that that's great if
you have seen what we do in the shadows
I still think that's even a little David
gest tea but I like the people in it
obviously like is uh that's a lot of the
flight of the conchords guys that's Tiki
makalah his first movie who's doing the
Thor Ragnarok but but ya know all those
are good none of them have like the
serious tone of well I Center II now
does fuck ya documentary now is great
rich brings it
I think and cry what's what's in our
inventory what do we do what do we do
sit down
say what ok we got it we got our
supporter we got our whistle I guess we
could try whistling we got a puzzle
we got a glowing gem we have a caged key
and a key card um let's go back to our
fountain here's my logic here's my logic
that might be crazy I don't say anything
I've read a ton of spoilers here my
logic was like maybe if I use the
whistle here like mix rocks fall like Oh
God Oh have you seen ok this is
something different game spoilers yeah
there's no prompt to you there's no
logic behind easing a whistle here I'll
agree to that I'll agree to that you
give the whistle a toot it makes an odd
sound you hear an incredible whirring
and grinding sound coming from the north
suddenly a lady i'm terribiy father's
into the room like a tornado it looks
like he could do as much damage his wife
I'm gonna say right into the water that
thing's gonna eat you
eat it terror bees well now what we'll
go away try going off-screen
peace motherfucker yeah
Looney Tunes after and suddenly the
Tasmania I mean not Tasmanian devil
shows up blank should we say if we
should probably save I don't think you
have another spoiler I read earlier oh
you people you ruined the joy of solving
puzzles
gonna see what happens I can't help you
at this point I've read too much of the
chat ok what do those pleiades guys
spoilers of a game i solved decades ago
well because I saw that decades ago I
don't remember much dang
allowing the guard to observe you was
not very Swift he has disassembled you
probably adding a little excitement to
his otherwise don't damn well good thing
we saved all right in the fucking cave
go in the fucking cave you fuck fuck
get the fuck out of cave I'm behind a
bush you can't see me now
so he shot me last time I left a bush so
bushes are covered yeah okay and he's
being a lookout that we're gonna go to
the next bush man oh shit I gotta be
faster
well even once you get up closer there's
no way you're gonna get over to that
that door on the right before you shoot
you there's gonna have to be something
you do is it door on the right and the
base it looks like this is door on the
right did you try looking around I did
not I just started moving because I'm a
dummy rich area you are in a small
clearing before you stands a large
elevated platform much like the one in
which you landed when arriving on this
planet on one leg of a platform is an
elevator door a guard patrols the
mid-level
um alright alright alright let's just do
this hard does let's think outside the
box how would you get how would you get
through her uh you know in a normal game
you'd wait so then the game not in the
game real life how'd you get through
this in real life that's how you got to
think no I would crawl again you know
and through a wide to open area that
probably wouldn't work well I've called
the next Bush and wait for him to you
know not look mmm I would distract the
guard good okay what I would do how nope
I'm throwing a puzzle all right I feel
like you've gotten close enough okay you
can pick up a rock after the Tasmanian
Devil through the rock you can pick up a
smaller rock I suppose I didn't like
look around after the has main in devil
chat that's why people were telling me
to pick up a rock earlier yeah they were
reading spill trying to spoil all of the
puzzles in this puzzle game making
playing it completely pointless what a
bunch of dickheads I know you send the
stone flying into the bushes you here at
land oh can you go my weight as he does
he come down to search or I don't know
we'll see what happens you probably have
to be behind the other bush which wasn't
gonna search I don't know which one did
I throw it in all right so I think we're
behind the other bush yeah we'll be okay
right
pick up rock go fucking caught on rocks
all right throw rock no
I can't be behind this bush I have to
get over on this side no you're on the
open there I think you have to be right
behind it right behind the thick part
right behind the thick part that's what
you had to I swear it's gonna be what
you have to do I mean I agree but like
that doesn't that doesn't drive with
spatial reasoning he's looking he's not
he's not looking that way he's not
looking that way it makes sense it makes
sense I'm down with the logic of this
I'm done with it I'm done with the logic
I just sound like in the in the area as
given to us notice at the time he walks
past you he's he's not gonna be looking
behind that bush she said it makes sense
I'm okay with it stay there stay there
and now go round go round
oh my god oh my god don't get stuck on
the bush you're gonna get stuck on the
bush he's looking through the bushes
it's fine it's fine everything's gonna
be fine I mean it's gonna be fine
you have to think like a two-dimensional
iPhone I know as soon as the elevator
door closes behind you the platform on
which arrest begins to rise save save
save save safe motherfucker I remember I
remember liking really liking this next
section of game in general you know what
let's uh
you were on the landing platform where
shuttle sits quietly nearby you see lush
green all around open door oh okay I'm
inside now do we save yeah okay okay
yeah yeah yeah
look around you are inside the shuttle
cockpit there is an instrument panel
before you between your legs is a
throttle you can see the local treetops
oh I guess there's an other solution we
didn't do it doesn't matter huh
put the rock in the supporter and sling
it at the garden I want to use that
supporter somewhere but we have an older
save can we just try not to see I mean
you know when is that f7 because 32 is
there so that I'd be 32 yeah yeah get
rock put rock and sling let's see if
that works
hey what that'd be cute yeah yeah I'll
be cured rock and oh the supporter and
supporter that act would lack any
serious gratification now use rock and
supporter use rock and supporter mm
slinging it rock you sent the rock
flying into the bush oh you hear Atlanta
sling rock at man try that
oh sure um well no I got up Oh nope it's
gate 7
all right your sling yes sling rock
Edgard sure alright we will try that
okay sling rock at guard oh shit no the
sling rock at guard is how you spell
guard you cleverly use the athletic
supporter to sling the rock of the guard
it makes serious contact with the side
of his head
we like the way you think Hey we kill
them we kill them he drops like a lead
parakeet the ripe thud of impact is
momentarily sickening search that
fucking body yeah fuck yeah yeah I
killed a man there was a whole thing
with giving the Tasmanian Devil the
Rubik's Cube yeah well what why would I
even think to do that right these are
like the bonus points yeah I know but
there should be some kind of logic
behind any of the solutions yeah
especially ones that give you bonus
points I want some logic behind this
shit not random giving the Tasmanian
Devil the puzzle is random where's the
hint I need a hint he doesn't have
anything on his body okay yeah at least
this I could see that like you know um
opening the door Oh use key card can lay
down one of your options use the key
card in door on door does not compute
insert key card insert key card you
slide the key card into the slot then
remove it in there oh it's so
interesting so either you get him to
come down and he leaves the door open or
you have to use oh yeah all right area
all right and blue we're on the platform
again and open
and do our what you recall from when you
landed the entry hatch being on the rear
left of the shuttle open door and let's
save that game let's just do that old
save game we'll just save over this one
all right um
turn oh heck uh says I'm throwing away
$2 just to

[Part III]
turn on Ola hecka says I'm throwing away
$2 just to correct jack shit
it's Christopher Guest geez you're
killing me smalls what if I say no
in reference to which the director who
who made waiting for Guffman and spinal
maybe I don't know I don't know things
did I not say Christopher Guest what did
I say I said David guest who's David
guest who's David gest that's
interesting you said it Hey apparently
you said it five times you know what
half right that's 50% 50% right I got
the guest part right giving yourself
partial credit I am absolutely the guy
who produced Michael Jackson albums
somebody sing no no then I'm just
pulling that out of my ass I have no
idea you're inside the shuttlecock right
there is an instrument panel before you
between your legs is that uh look at
panel
everything looks automatic the panel is
loaded with clusters of system status
indicators there is a power button an
altitude dial and an oh there we go
press power
look at panel
everything looks automatic there's a
power button and altitude dial and an
ascent thruster monkey be 85 cents
forgotten silver a pre Lord of the Rings
directed mockumentary by Peter Jackson
about a forgotten New Zealand filmmaker
it's played straight and tricks 75
percent of viewers it's brilliant
novels quite straight that's not
particularly funny and what at what
point does that go from being a
mockumentary to just being a fraud yeah
if no-one gets the joke it's not even a
joke right shall we farm says this game
means you read a lot must not
accidentally give you $200 donation or
200 donations that'd be really bad
God Lear says I hate every eight by sea
from ship man eight ship Manzon know
you'll never make as this a song yeah
did you want to do you know how to do
this this is the Troy McClure planet of
the apes musical I hope that I see from
chimp an a to Jim pansy no you'll never
make a monkey out of me right really you
got it you got it
no you'll never make a monkey out of me
oh my god I was wrong
it was earth all along you finally made
a monkey out of me
I love you dr. Zaius you finally made a
monkey out of me that's clever shit
that's some clever shed not ready
attitude system not altitude system
attitude system nighttime service I play
with my dog stick
hey guys question for rich if Jack
helped you off a horse would you help it
and I see you're doing it's been done
before I wasn't clever that either say
what raise nope raise looks good an
attitude dial turn dial the attitude
dial is now set to VA see
vertical controls are now ineffective we
want the vertical controls to be
effective turn the turn dial it's not a
set Chac all right does that mean
horizontal and vertical well we want
vertical there is no horizontal control
until minimum altitude has been achieved
right so we need we need a vertical
control and we have power right turn
yeah is that our are the thrusters let's
look at panel panel
everything looks automatic panels loaded
with accessories this is there is a
power button an attitude dial and an
ascent a thruster ascent Thresh push
ascent thrust your buddy push thruster
button
that right I sent this really okay press
a key are you going to burn space be my
guess huh I just keep going--that's
going up I see me see one Aloud's yep
we're going up we're going up we're
going up up up and away
we're off the planet good work Roger
Wilco a tone sounds a soft
synthesized voice notes that adequate
altitude has been achieved ascent
thrusters are now ineffective the
monitor draws your attention again okay
yeah so now we turn dial
and now we backwards we're turning
you're going backwards
well returning you playing a Ciara game
then save oh shit I probably should have
that's not too late
Meggie no wonder the screens are
suddenly splashed with incredibly
horrible image of sludge the hole all
Roger Wilco I've been waiting for you
once again my subordinates have failed
me anyway looks like you'll be visiting
me again soon
don't bother trying to pilot the vehicle
I'm taking control you'll be arriving at
my command post shortly
I ain't Lea wait your arrival ha ha ha
ha ha his image is frozen on the screens
the ship changes course as if it all had
a life of its own
all you can do is hang on time save time
save save it up saving the safe maybe
save saved super save me save save it
alot save and save him save as the houl
stated nothing works press power now
turn off the ship turn off the power you
can't control if it's got no power to
turn turn off all of your power right in
space well but maybe like I would break
the connection and then I'll turn it
back on fly away if I'm walking up the
airlock right leave ship that won't help
stay seated fire weapons
oh I'll just play with my stick through
the window you can see your apparent
destination the Houle's asteroid oh how
do you getting from cool out of that row
Hall the hall the hall that's how I'd
say it cool there's there's a no way
right you a was it you ara you for ha
the hall vo h a ul I thought H a you
know check it which I might be seeing
you a I have been wrong many times
they're saying they're saying vu Hall
like you Hall that could be it could be
entirely possible that in reading it I'm
flipping a couple letters around yeah
because of something we talked about
earlier the massive bay doors meet Josh
I don't have the best track record when
it comes to reading or saying thrice
jarring the entire vehicle Bay as you
stepped down the shuttle door slams
behind you you are quite surprised not
to find several of yeah I guess here at
Vols
vola halls guards waiting to greet you
you begin to ponder what the twisted
scientists might have in store for you
save
I just saved yes rich doesn't roll a
fidget duct-tape today because rich
cannot ever ever stop fidgeting that's
that's something very true that's very
true about me okay we got a little
elevator over here I remember I remember
as a kid really liking the second it's
spinning well it's in a spaceship that
might have had something to do with it
what's not to like about this there's a
puzzle in here I was just very happy for
solving oh okay as a child and I I
totally remember that one that's through
that's over here I didn't have any help
from my dad or anybody but of all on my
own
and I was just pure thinking outside the
box logic I loved it Jews say what
closed door to the Christ actually in
this case around you aren't a small
capsule shaped enclosure above the door
is a digital readout which reads level
one the only other feature is a
rectangular panel panel the panel has a
vertical row of four buttons there is
some small engraving at the bottom edge
of the panel read in great look at
engraving read panel read panel o read
panel the engraving reads boku lift
division a subsidiary of bobko
incorporated universally universally
famous makers of nads hamster tape all
right
if that's your trip we've got the grip
you you can we get to that pat that's in
front of the screen in the foreground
yeah you know see what's over there i
doo doo doo divorce they're just not a
walkway that leads there yeah yeah we go
that goes under oh well then maybe we
walk past that later yeah I do do
do-do-do do-do-do you try one of the
buttons on the lift so all you man ah
nope oh oh
nope feel the floor shift it's moving oh
no Jack can you get out the door open
door I did you did it too
okay so that's not the right way to go
no no I think we learned that let's see
what's over here
that's another lift obviously fuck
okay the panel it has a vertical row of
four buttons there's some look at
buttons the buttons look ordinary each
button has the word next on it ohyes
word next to it in order they read one
three four and five so presumably we're
on to press three
Oh two is the one you walk down the
stairs for when you get killed
that makes retreat does it just go by
when you're in the elevator
look at the thing
there's an automated floor wax they're
moving down the corridor the name plaque
reads the deal eddo the da Lido buff
master the delito buff master another
fine product from helmet master
enterprises I can only assume we get
waxed and died if that goes over us
oh sure let's at the end of the hallways
I just yeah yeah the cameras watching us
this looks like a death trap that I'm
about to walk into but we'll see
sometimes we had this is how we learn in
this game apparently through death and
dismemberment yeah windows No
now what maybe this isn't the right way
to go
move faster Roger Wilco move faster if
the Roomba oh the Roomba okay I know
what to do now
check this out we made the wrong call
earlier oh yeah yeah uh-huh see a sucker
you might be chasing me but you're
behind me why am I watching chopping
Mulligan Matt Matt Matt Matt what a
great map map you really cleaned his
clock oh I'm sure that's the pump if you
die from the floor waxer wonder I wonder
this I know this I don't remember I
wonder if this is like we've got a
puzzle where we need to whack something
we need to leave something on the floor
oh so probably not right out
it's the door I see that
push-button
Oh God
that was a close one it was nipping at
my heels rich way did it get in front of
me
is there a weird glitch around say nope
all right
I get around it I wonder like I was just
wondering if there is another weird
glitch we're gonna try a different
button let's try four why don't we get
in that room we can totally get in that
room does that the freetype push button
and hit it closer to the button fucking
casual yeah yeah I wasn't I didn't have
the reflexes for that one
you should have diagonal want yeah yeah
push button or press them might work too
oh god I hope it recognizes press type
it right all right now we wait for the
Roomba we have to wait for the Roomba
push but I don't think Jack was standing
close enough for the button because I
said I wouldn't work here I was standing
in front of the door not the button
right yeah
can someone add some ocean slash James
Bond music to the chase scene please
bumbum bumbum waiting for the robot well
I thought it maybe I have to come out of
the I thought I might have to come out
of the elevator - like activate it seems
to be pretty far away that
just flip it over like a turtle that's
not how this game works for all the love
that is holy have to go to the menu and
pick fast from the speed menu then then
when we're typing push door button we're
not gonna have any kind of time did you
shit like that
yeah I'm sorry then the Roomba also
moves faster is the problem the whole
game runs faster run anything with a
time limit will be insane obviously that
does make areas like this a little more
tedious but just be with us where this
will give us a chance to look at the
tips have a little chat just talk about
stuff there we go
I'm getting hyped I'm getting pumped up
getting ready I'm pretty sure Jack walks
around in real life very similar to this
little Tex adventure yeah no dupe to do
very slowly going at my own pace some
people are saying you should be and
behind it behind what the robot you know
in this situation you might be right
but I did it aha you know a janitorial
closet when you smell one almost at once
you sense an emptiness a melancholy
caught a melancholy longing you begin to
feel homesick all right what's in here
you find a plunger however just a
plunger did you did you take the plunger
okay I have the plunger Oh chessick Jim
old Jim oh I like that one
yes that's irking a few hold on
all right I have a plunger back to the
elevator doo doo doo doo you did it do
sure that the British oh look I'll run
you
wait what you ever watch look around you
look around you know I've never heard of
that Joe
it's uh
fake educational program like they would
play for kids in school oh okay open
your math books to page and I'm just
beat just complete nonsense then they
would be presenting of this like facts
okay cool yeah the number blue or
something like that
sure boss sucka duck save on it
I don't really remember this but just in
case let's get a push button ready well
this time I'll let it pass me and I'll
go behind it
plug to that motherfucker I can only
imagine the plunger will be used
somewhere else
if floor wax removed on there
now just let it pass me this time
now let's not go too close
where did it go don't worry about it
don't worry about where did it go
don't worry about it don't worry about
oh my god
motherfucker
everything is gonna be fine it's okay
it's quite dark in here on the floor you
notice a glass cutter to us in glass
I know that was probably the keyboards
fault not you not knowing how to spell
glass not R&D; around ear Oh roomed say
that save it
there's got to be some kind of horrible
death for going in the woman's room
right oh sure right you get beaten up by
Bertha or something stupid right yep
stop it it's you know like stop it my oh
your muscle memory is off my Oh finger
is just slightly faster than my are
finger I don't so I can tell have you
stepped into a porcelain Palace of sorts
is obviously a restroom a place which in
an interesting fashion serves to exhibit
the physical diversity of the universe
the walls are covered in an easy to hose
down synthetic material attached to them
in various locations our device is
designed to efficiently collect waste
products from the life forms which are
able to physically match up to them the
back walls are stalls three of them are
in use judging by the various feet which
show underneath the stall doors to the
left our sinks are saying you could just
type look to get the same oh can you
just type look to get the same
information Oh probably and you try it
just yeah alright you know we're doing
this from now on
you slide your uniform pants down and
settle onto the cool ring you go through
whatever motions might be normal for you
during this act refreshed you grab your
pants and compose yourself why no one
else has and it would probably be risky
to attempt without a flotation device
Andy what do you mean okay
flush dare you trying to open one of the
other stalls nope
faucets are an operation over who'll
didn't seem too big on personal hygiene
you stepped into that all right use
plunger in toilet I mean that would make
sense right
alright alright Oh fine fuck the sound
comes from one of the occupied stalls
you think suddenly one of your senses
downloads an extremely negative air
quality report for some reason the name
John springs to mind something just
farted
that's it oh I know what this jokes
gonna be the same thing it's gonna be
something else to do in there right I
mean can't just be that I suppose it
could just flavor it could
I guess someone farted right
triumphalism just what happens if we
open the door the last time I say no 139
punch try to hit f3
what's that I think it repeats the same
thing the last thing you did door won't
budge is that a lot in these games
wait wait I have something okay and this
isn't a this isn't a spoiler because I
don't remember most of the solutions in
this game yeah we have a glass cutter
and there's a mirror over there oh I got
a feeling we might need a section of
glass for later of mirror use cut around
mirror f3 and then just go back
not in a good place with it stand
somewhere slightly different just hit f3
yep good place your hand try it Amelie
near the front to look at mirror it's a
hard another paper pry it from there
alright I had it was good idea
yeah those quality idea I mean but so
then that room didn't do anything
Claire just been a joke I mean you know
bathroom joke right classic take off
pants shit right try the ladies room the
ladies room in the men's room by the
same room that's the joke we went in the
men's room on on that I'm wedding in the
women's room on that right side yeah
then when we came out of the restroom we
used the left door and then we came out
of the men's room door it's a joke that
both doors lead to the same bathroom
you need to get something from the
restroom okay well I can always go back
down let's see what's up here first no
breakthroughs in interior design to
report it's just one of the many
tube-like sections out that's not a door
take the poop out what does this Duke
Nukem Forever
the hallways on this level are the same
as above with the exception of some type
of cages an occasional strange noise is
heard the smell here is stifling
apparently the holding cells are not
well kept there's a door on the side
wall looking cell can't see much we hear
something stirring and the darkness
worried if you walk sit close to that
one cage those hands are gonna bang you
against the bars in a comical fashion
yep or you can talk to him that'll help
you I'm not I'm not sure which it's
quite dark in here there is a small
wastebasket on the floor next to it is a
pair of crusty work overalls let's take
a basket okay
take over aren't you amazed by how much
stuff an adventure game hero can carry
you just got to know how to pack oh I go
take overalls you pick up the overalls
they are very small and quite worn out
not to mention filthy and have no use to
you you toss them back on the floor as
you set them down something falls on the
floor look add floor and a lighter bow
lighter nope now I'm kind of remembering
a puzzle so I don't want to say too much
don't say too much okay I believe you
save the game that's good to talk to
monkey man over here
ouch you feel alarmingly dense
apparently you were a prime focal point
for some aggression channeling by one of
the Caged creatures your compressed
composition indicates that your attacker
possessions possesses considerable
strength a good guy to avoid in the
future I'm sure that means I am dead of
course you are damaged beyond repair in
the game must end you've made quite a
bit of progress though don't start
screwing up now that's why I saved right
beforehand
doo-doo-doo-doo steering clear of that
bad guy I think I remember what we need
in the bathroom now okay I don't know
one of the cells is living who knows
what unspeakable horror awaits behind
those steel bars yeah fraid no go scope
section oh oh yuck the dark and spiny
beasts with massive red lips grabs you
up and after a long and glance proceeds
don't read further if the phrase French
kiss bothers you
it supplants a very moist French kiss on
you you are left quite stunned oh great
oh please tell me an alien he's gonna
pop it on my chest later because of that
doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo
look the hallways in this level oh yeah
and stay away from the hands yeah how
long does that take though cuz I kind of
I kind of I kind of want to see it a
chest burster really pops out of it I'm
sure it does right has to press or I
don't understand for
all right let's go see what's in this
bathroom that we need do it do it do it
do it do it hoc written like a while
right at the end all right I want to see
it but you are kind of fucked yes it
does but it happens like way later
possibly
this one this takes me back to the
bathroom open a door look around look
right a closed door get fuck fucking
open door go in click now closed door
thank you and now look oh wait wait do
it do it what's this thing it's actually
read it it's the same stuff inside the
cells of this lady behold Oh a different
I saw this is the same thing the inside
of the saw is a sight to behold there is
writing of various languages itched on
the walls the floor has an interesting
coating of some type of congealed dreck
it appears that the toilet may have been
white once a toilet paper dispenser
hangs on the wall look at paper a closer
look makes you believe the paper should
have a grit rating you take paper okay
is that where you're supposed to grab I
think so supposedly I'm reading in the
chat something interesting happens with
the lighter in the bathroom Oh like if I
go back down and light the lighter in
the bathroom yeah
well you know what that might be a good
place to end it then we're almost done
with the game how closed almost like
very close okay
let's go do it let's just finish it
let's just finish it man finish it
yes we hear you you farted puffed yes
we're gonna go back to the lighter go
back get the lighter and not get kissed
by the xenomorph in the bucket
we'll go back the other way I think yeah
this one opens on the other side too we
have to just hurry sure yeah that would
by the way that would piss me right off
if like we made it through the whole
rest of the game and then yeah yeah but
well yeah if we're if we're that close
I'll do it that's fine
blind play blind for Jack largely blind
for me just because I played this when I
was 10 yeah and I have forgotten most of
it yeah but this is mostly blind for me
obviously I have rich and you the chat
helping me
dude do we tried using the plunger on
the toilet it did nothing it did nothing
it was really upsetting do you want me
to finish no all right then save hold on
yeah rolls take lighter okay then save
42 now back to the bathroom we're gonna
go back to the bathroom save it in the
elevator for easy what
well I suppose yeah we don't know what
we have to do after this like we have to
probably go back to like the third there
the ground yeah yeah yeah go back to
level one okay push for maybe okay well
same here I want to say 42 again okay
you use the plunger on your face to
remove the alien embryo I don't think
that works
it might work that'd be funny
I don't mind spoilers on this this is
what we're getting late in the night oh
I'll accept some spoilers now yeah does
that work well it doesn't matter I've
already gotten around the xenomorph I'm
I'm no longer infected with with the
chest burster I don't think there's
anything we need to do with the alien I
think it's just in there for a game
overall sure but okay we should have the
plunger chat we can double check our
inventory well Roger we'll go I guess
you'll be paying a you'll be paying
methane a little more respect in the
future if mr. science were here he would
have explained that open flame and high
concentrations of methane gas don't mix
and since you're dead you'd best into
restoring
ha ha look at that kaboom kaboom
commander Wow all right make sure we
have the plunger I believe we still have
the plunger yeah we did we do okay uh
press one right press one
it doesn't take the number it doesn't
take the number just to bail it out
that's so dumb it's super dumb man
here we are back
smooth move ex-lax you now know that
artificial gravity can be equally
effective as natural gravity your the
long fall and sudden stop your body has
become a two-dimensional object
you're dead of course I do for one
moment I forgot that you can fill out
things you can fall out things in games
geezers cheese and crackers
she'sa crackers oh man holy moly all
right so now we go down here but we're
gonna get trapped down here right so as
soon as they get close to getting down
here I'll save no this is coming up is
the puzzle that I was quite fond of
myself as a kid you're solving 100% on
my own and sure fairly quickly how would
you get around this deathtrap right we
got so we got the gym we got the plunger
we got the basket we had a lighter we
have a toilet paper glass cutter glass
cutter cage key the keycard this order
the whistle how would you how would you
get out of this deathtrap can you can
you beat a ten-year-old okay so let's
just see what happens okay
save it oh yeah it's right at the top
okay okay
I saved right at the top of the stairs
for you
I'm sorry I put the pressure on you no
no that's good that's good I need it
okay
so obvious so obviously and I don't know
how this is gonna work put paper in
bucket light paper no set paper on fire
well you have something in your
inventory for fires right well okay
comes later so much fuel you might want
to save later how is this how is this
going to help you I have no idea I'm not
thinking from a retractable floor I am
not thinking about how this will help me
from a retractable turn turn off your
your game logic and turn on your Looney
Tunes logic
try wall wall 32 using the formerly
unsure uncharacteristic creativity you
apply the suction cup like plunger to
the smooth metal finish and hang on for
dear life
once the janitor always a janitor
and I supervised this ticket said like
the door that closed right right okay
great
enough for me - great - yeah yeah so let
me know yeah no I know like I you know I
knew the paper went in the bucket I
didn't know how that was gonna help me I
just knew that was the thing to do you
do not cert any scenario slash puzzle
with Looney Tunes logic amateur works
for me let go
nice let's go ahead and save that nice
mad plunger strats bad plunger strats
nope nope nope nope running away running
away running away from death but let's
read look you're an attractive - yeah
right now let's look look shit
the huge metal menaces are specifically
designed to secure a given area when not
busy they are plugged into the wall
recharging imagine what the Nate the
Naik adds wood costs for those puppies
okay
okay so I'm gonna die Oh where's the
other one so they give you not did not
give you more of a hint with the look
hello
I am just a point
is lined with wall BOTS it's plugged
into the wall so you know like that's a
bit of a hint plugged into the wall
there's wall bots they just go away or
is he gonna follow humor me
look look look at ceiling the ceiling
looks ordinary except for some fixtures
that alright that is a detail that needs
to show up when you just type in the
normal look right normal look is what
you use to inform more specific things
that you do yeah I am sorely
disappointed by that
that's your head if you're a hint if you
want trend yeah now I know
wait I have sprinklers over here to
trial look up yeah there
okay you're gonna have to have this
ready before you walk in oh yeah
cuz he's gonna kill you before you get
there oh shit I love it and by the way
use lighter on bucket doesn't work start
typing in I like penny per se what use
lighter on paper use lighter paper say
one light paper on fire my paper fire
with lighter make fire use layer on
baskets electrical contact connection
connected to an extension arm reaches
from its body and makes contact with you
that's when you begin feeling the
intense bursts of electrical current
pulsing through your body you quickly
black out use lighter on sprinkler I
think you need to use the bucket I would
assume you need to use the bucket do
they need to be activated first probably
not use lighter it wasn't a bucket it
was a basket use used later on basket
Moo's try it with the robot maybe with
the robot chasing you it won't think
you're crazy
just hit f3
shit like basket on fire
twelve papers are already in the best
basket light the paper with the lighter
do you have to do it with it on the
ground
is the robot not chasing you anymore I
don't think so no that's okay no no
because I'm guessing they're gonna go
for a while while receiving a nice
hosing yourself the basket fire is
extinguished seconds later a loud series
of pops X followed by the smell of fried
electronics there we go the sprinklers
sense accomplishment and see separation
ah the games getting meta your fire and
subsequent showers seem to have shorted
out the burnished boys I'm really
disappointed that that general look
around didn't say anything about the
sprinklers yeah devastating okay great
did you save 45 you open door section of
corridor is lined with robots they have
been okay and whoa font use metal mesh
messes are specifically designed to
secure human area we're not busy they
are plugged into the wall recharging
imagine yeah check wall popped maybe
maybe the other direction has a dorm
maybe think maybe I feel like we remove
them and it's behind one of them that's
what no thank bitch-slap wall bots
mm-hmm pretty sure you just broke the
game creators hearts that one someone's
missing
this is a tough one because like yeah
you you don't necessary clearance don't
necessarily pop out in right level
design and so yeah we needed more of a
hint that might be a door
this is actually an old game a ver
yes this is a thirty year old game this
isn't a meant to look retro game you
have just entered of Voe hulls secret
chamber the evil one himself is seated
before a large console high on a
platform in the center of the room
standing obliviously ready are many of
the dreaded salesman clones so Roger
Wilco we meet again I must say I'm quite
impressed with your resourceful listen
to my - woody I love to chat but I'm
frizzy preparing lash to my sales clone
for their trip to xenon hey I got got
this idea we're gonna send these
salesman thousands of door-to-door sales
went down to the planet Zidane that's
gonna drive all crazy right it's gonna
drive also crazy rumor wants promoting a
life insurance I'm gonna make billions
I picked the wrong carrot surprised on
Wilson I'd pick the wrong character for
this plot maybe I think blinking might
work better feel free to stick around
and observe the downfall your
civilization ha ha ha
an eerie glow illuminates the large
chambers through the massive window you
can see out into deep space lighted
consoles adorn the area behind vocals
perch the hall awaits at the top of the
stairway
what uh yeah okay wait look at the sales
man not a sense hey guys sorry I'm late
like but you don't know who I am so
effing yeah that's true his project
Hornet the new new key joke that I
missed out on because I don't think
Hornets make much money to extract honey
you to extract so what's the point the
point is we when we said anything about
prior to torrent we said it might be a
while before we talked about this before
anything comes of it and nothing might
come of it and if nothing comes of it
we'll have a story to tell if something
comes of it you'll hear about it we'll
have a different story to tell right
you're blowing it out of proportion to
your the expectations now what accordant
you might be horribly letdown yeah no
don't don't worry about Project Hornet
we'll let you know
wait we are the top men are still
working still these guys are your worst
nightmare come true imagine hundreds of
John Davidson's in magnetically
hazardous polyester suits the color
alone and capable friend ago okay I
missed one earlier I'm checking Lloyd
beats us thanks a lot jack after you
mentioned the pear-shaped man I went and
read it now I get a creepy feeling every
time I see cheese puffs oh and by the
way thank you thank you everyone for
tweeting me pictures of coke and cheese
puffs it just brings back the nightmare
like I said rich the pear-shaped man is
not a typical the the pear-shaped man
written by george RR martin is a short
horror story that's included in the
ghost box a collection of short stories
this is this kind of a joke with a
horror story is just look at how
pathetic fat basement-dwelling losers
are with their Cheetos and coke that
that's kind of where it starts because
he's angry at his fans
oh fuck him oh rich no it's it starts
with the pear-shaped man that no one
seems to pay attention to blah blah blah
and isn't he a harmless man right and
and it like there is nothing
stereotypically horror about this it is
just utter creepiness and a slow descent
into madness and I got it's one of the
greatest it's one of the best reads I've
had in a long time and thank you
everyone for creeping me out on a daily
basis by tweeting me pictures of your
coke and cheese puffs but if you have a
chance I do believe someone in chat said
it was available to read for free online
somewhere but uh I got my hey I want to
see my things do you want to see my
things it's oh it's just it's one of
those stories that makes your skin crawl
it's beautiful and it's beautiful wait
well we're not reading any of this I
read the other one but you stopped me oh
sorry topped with firma blonde hair that
I'm looking at the salesman the face
splashed with that let me win you over
smile he's a master guilt Smith
programmed with one intent sell sell
sell each are encased in pre-programmed
impervious transport capsules okay great
yeah yeah george RR martin went on to
write a little series of books you might
have heard of it you might not have
they're called the Song of Fire and Ice
all right all right we gotta go we gotta
go up here we have to meet our destiny
going somewhere
hahaha
okay I don't think I was supposed to go
up there as soon as you step on the
platform you are struck by a beam of
light oh I get it I know what to do I
know what to do rich Oh what
I should have I should have finished
reading man again the beam strikes this
time blasting into a glass jar what on
the console it is there that you are
molecular Li reconstructed in a
miniaturized form I don't know what to
do I got shrunk wait wait I think we're
fine
oh yeah we're gonna be fine I hear my
original idea was before I go up there
to use my glass cutter to cut a piece of
glass to reflect right but now I just
use it here well I'll be - oh so this is
yours well I'll be darned
my miniature loudly darn my
miniaturization braver does work Jesus
Christ I put something that works
blinkin I always said that that they're
related I'm thinking oh yeah yeah when I
when I did plink it back in the day he
was a bit more bombastic slowed down
over time yeah so Don Wilson kind of
resembles me as a young man doing blink
adjust we're gravely and more plotting
maybe he's the esteems does the younger
cousin my mistake in history used to be
a little more like like that I don't
know I got I got like an iron bifacial
strong I don't know but I got my face
higher I got I gotta take my pills
yeah he slowed down when Mike started
doing the reviews because they had to be
explaining things right that slowed it
down yeah you can't you can't be
mumbling over your words yeah we're
trying to get your point across he had a
stroke he probably had several strokes
there's more there's more
blinking or what's his name the old days
I test these things in myself but as you
may have noticed by my appearance being
my own guinea a big hazard just dreaded
your guinea epic how it spoke goddamnit
I guess it keeps me out of my way once
and for all you little pressed there's
kind of a pun you'll make a nice
conversation piece with that Bohol turns
away
to put finishing touches on Xenon's
fates
the newly cut pane of glass falls to the
counter apparently Bohol doesn't notice
who already said
you are on a surface a console a large
compared to you a jar sits in the middle
a whole Hasmik on the side there are
some vents near the back doo doo doo doo
doo doo doo doo doo look at vent fuck
look from here all you can see is a vent
exterior
how about open event that doesn't seem
to be the correct action your your small
just try enter enter Venter you aren't
in a good good I'm gonna guess the vents
they're referring to stop you're here
walk off the table on the left you see
against that other wall
oh that's a vent that's what I'm gonna
guess you know I thought that was just
poorly why I fully understand that and
her event yep you wiggle your slim
carcass through the vent look around
judging from those two hoses coming in
from outside you guessed that this is
the inner workings of Voe halls
life-support system a respirator pumps
oxygen into his long as well a pump on
the back wall forces blood through
filters kilvo Hall there's also a sign
on the back wall let's see that sign
says
the sign says caution
press button for emergency shutoff oh
there's the button I see it all behind
the thing that's clever
that's fun hi didn't you know it doesn't
show up often okay look in the days of
the Atari 2600 this is some advanced
shit
I guess this is wasn't quite that early
way to go
Roger Wilco you've just disconnected
vocals life-support system he's a goner
without it you can see voll hull
struggling to take his last few breaths
not you again oh not not you again you
think you think you've won oh oh you've
got a failure girl oh my groin Freight
he reaches up and flips a switch on the
far end of the console before dropping
to the floor dead no what no a jackass
save right can you walk around that
corner
we're about to find out
this is adorable
this is adorable and I love it you are
walking on another section of the
control console there is a large switch
on the back panel a keyboard is at your
feet okay well let's go turn the hat on
probably walk out the keys well I don't
want to accidentally type anything you
switch turn turn on say turn switch on
turn the switch on huh type and large
thing go go Roger Wilco though I do want
him to be tiny forever
normal rich he's just so adorable I want
him tiny forever
can you go smaller oh that's probably a
cool death oh sure
you are once again reconstituted this
time to the correct size you notice the
clones are gone oh shit oh shit oh shit
oh shit oh shit look at panel you see
the screen with some text on it just
above a keyboard look at screen general
status or will the King time we're at a
timer
wait clone launched go to abort launch
enter code below what's the code we're
at a time for you to save oh my god
we're wasting time we're wasting time
new save new save everything is terrible
everything's terrible 49 okay uh look at
keyboard weight search will halt oh shit
okay body bowl halls dead hulking slab
of flesh is loosely arranged at the base
of the chair Search Search average body
good f3 an examination of his
repulsively turgid fabric and case mass
reveals nothing other than the tubes
which supplied him with blood and oxygen
you do notice the letters s HS are
written in pen on the back of his left
hand
you got a type s HS arc oh look at
Martin look at monitor book screen yeah
message are aboard granted uh go oh wait
okay save look at screen abort it's
already imported oh fuck sorry getting
out of here saving saving 50
fucking go I'm shocked they don't have
you getting out of here on a timer
get out of here
wait wait wait what's up the stairs what
up the stairs what's up the stair what
do you mean stairs up there oh my god
anything would notice I was leaving a
path to the shuttle rich son of a bitch
there's no time there's no well Roger
Wilco you found one more way to snatch
humiliation from the jaws of heroism
explain just come to the bottom or did
you save after that I think I'll check
damn it damn it damn it damn it
it's green we're great we're great we're
aborted let's go let's go try the
diagonal walk I know I can't get used to
the new don't say anything
shh shh oh my fucking god I made it look
what's in the wall
look you are walking through a clear or
tubular passageway which seems to wind
in and out uh okay there is a box
mounted in the West okay box the box is
actually an oxygen mask a mask you have
a box and notice an oxygen max remove it
and close box okay bear mask where we
put on use sure put mask did I do it
yeah it looks like there something on
your face okay great
save could you know the lock of the
stairs again if you save that's the
advantage I mean I made it up
okay go here we go here we go here we go
here we go here we go fuck you oh yeah
okay I find all these your diagnol walk
thing if you move one letter ahead in
the alphabet sh s r becomes tits
entering tits also works as an abort
code so I'm not sure a section of the
glass tubing has fractured from combined
stress the pressurized atmosphere rushes
for the relative vacuum of space
fortunately wearing the mass protects
you from suffocation okay yeah that's
easy enough
yeah no longer needing the mask you
remove it and stow it for later
shit shit
the tubes
you would think he would move a little
faster in this area
40 minutes until Matt down a synthesized
voice cheerfully announces 40 minutes
until meltdown
there we go okay great
don't fall off you fucker in your
diagonal lanes but only you know
directional walking here we go here we
go here we go here we go I can't go
there no that's gonna make you fuck that
will make me fall and die but though I
want to go there oh come on come on this
is just agonizing are you playing a
ciara game then save I'll sit went out
what's that get to the end of this
fucking hallway I'll save hopefully you
didn't need something at the other end
of the hallway Oh God
- here we go here we go
zap sure does like to jaunt his way
around yeah he's great like uh
right let's do this a little walk yeah
hey there Zapp Branigan space Janet or
wait
York
look at mom
walls are covered with panels protecting
sensitive technolon they're nothing less
with I got these are different
those look like doors
oh shit you were in a selection of
hallway balls Bank of escape pods shit
okay look at robot
oh no no just run okay that's on two
legs within electronic scanning back and
forth on it
Meryem addict and I can't be good are
you serious are you serious are you
serious are you fucking serious Roger
Wilco why can't you run now with a chip
the chip might be Ryan's downfall could
be stairs were stairs back the way you
came it's breathing on my neck space
personal space robot we have to go all
the way we came or like to give them to
get the pod from the other direction
down
go around the other way seriously the
popular opinion go around the other way
go around the other way
what does that mean that means go all
the way around this is big loop you're
in a big loop you're in a big loop
what your big loop no I'm on the right
side now the right goes around the left
trust me trust me we're gonna show up
Hey
any curiosity you may have had harboring
regarding the menacing metallic pest
will now be satisfied as you have been
drawn to close your attention is
attracted to a decal on the front of the
machine it says the Vomero Matic this
rouses your curiosity suddenly you know
that each and every bone in your body
feels as though it has been transformed
into molten matter never slow to catch
on you notice that you are a cookie now
this is a pain that lingers every drop
of moisture is purged from your system
by the intense heat of the internal
barbecue your dehydrated composition
makes it in possible to continue better
luck next time
well shite
so just go all the way around I think
act activate him aggravate him and then
we're gonna go all the way around huh
that's the best I got
that's the best I got fucking what know
that it takes the door too long to open
the pod to just like open the pod and
jump in I'd have that push buttons ready
to go though type it in now so you can
just f3 it real quick then enter
no I wouldn't try to get him right now
cuz you're not gonna have time see ya
save before the bottle
and nope nope nope yep see it like it
just doesn't open fast enough
yeah that's fine come and chase me body
like there's got to be something
well what are we got what do we got
I got a to lose the plunger yeah on the
wall cutter was cutter glowing Jim
show keycard Chad slam and all that
works
push the button and then run away that's
not a terrible solution and then once we
go around it'll already be open if we
have enter
yeah I mentioned it's flimsy legs and I
just wonder if that's supposed to be
like a you know like a making trip and
fall over everything but we're right at
the end I could just look up a spoiler
yeah and this is it this is it this is
the final boss this is the end this is
the action ending I love it I love it
it's just a matter of being fast enough
huh of what being fast enough to the
door yeah well maybe it maybe will be
faster than the other way yeah the
exciting chasing yep this is the action
finale don't go this way
that's what the spoiler says push button
and jump in before you get killed
awesome well we'll try doing it from
this side then alright so I think for
getting in the door I think all we need
to type in is Enter
so after push button then just start
typing enter don't just walk in I'm not
sure it looks like what you just walk in
but I'll get it ready
I'll be blocking you from this direction
right
35 minutes until meltdown
if he's blocking me from this direction
I'll just go back to my last save which
was right before we got to him anyway
yeah
save again on this end so we can go back
as needed and without terrible it's
being a targeted to save yeah
all right that's a good idea so save 53
is on the left side it saved 54 is on
the right side
we must've missed a button on them all
that might be the button from the the
walkway we came from from the tube yeah
you could just name it right left push
button maybe you do need to Oh
like maybe maybe I do need to hit enter
nope there's no way we can do this fast
enough can we slow the game down this
game one more time
right here's my question yeah if we open
the door go away to the rainbow walkway
and then come back well the door still
be open
that's my question if it probably will
be I'd open the door and then just get
out walk all the way back and all the
way that way only oh oh my god all right
let's go to slow speed and let's do this
let's go to the right side say 54 but no
hesitation people are saying I'm on it
yeah I'm gonna get really close to the
wall here I'm sucked up against the wall
you can hit your finger by the f3 key
okay
slow-mo slow-mo rich but yeah you got to
be right on top of that button you have
you right on top of it but here goes
slow-mo this is kind of an unsatisfying
ending
I'll admit that is if we have high point
with the password and the
miniaturization this robot I wasn't
needed isn't particularly a good puzzle
solutions not satisfying enter enter
enter enter enter enter enter go in
there's no way there's no fucking way
push button look let's start normal
speed
what that's the father open the door I
run away
and then we'll we'll come back once he's
got back in the first reason we'll see
if the doors still open when we come
back
escape fast turns out a game that was
designed to run on a 286 processor runs
really fast when you try to put fast
mode on a Pentium 4
so like fastest is literally like
however your process beautiful that is
fucking beautiful not fastest holy crap
Pentium 4 whatever whatever they're at
now ok fast
I may need to type enter pod
we'll get we'll get out of danger we'll
do our fat work we're doing our jazz
walking here now
I want to put the speed back on normal
when you get closer no just in case this
gets fucked up
jazz walking well yeah what'd he call
that what it got like when you race walk
Trott a jog oh it's like a competitive
people want to be walking that's why he
looked like he looked like he was speed
walking
jazz walking I don't know why I said
jazz walking but that seemed to make
sense to me speed walking all right here
we go I have enter pod cued up
this is a terrible finale possible this
is a terrible finale puzzle the robot
has apparently decided that it is
permissible for you to be here since the
orient there must have been something we
missed like something of water that it
could slip on and think it's just that
dumb right oh maybe there's something we
missed
maybe because that's super dumb if you
have to walk away and then walk back you
quickly take your seats
closed door we're right at the end rich
Evans an hour ago look we I would want
to finish this game because presumably
will also do Space Quest 3 at some point
and if we're not gonna have a whole
stream where we only have like 45 or 50
minutes of game left yeah no there's a
good idea to finish it tonight
we were we were close enough where it
was a good idea yeah 100 who you're
going to have to stop cutting these
escapes so close Roger Wilco well you
must feel pretty good right now you
stopped Bohol from clearing out from
carrying out his threat of salesman
infestation ultimately destroying the
twisted scientist himself you also
managed to save your own skin and just
look at that score pretty darned
impressive suddenly a warning signal
draws your attention to the oxygen meter
on the front panel it reads the low and
dropping fast this is just great you
knew it was all too good to be true you
have maybe five minutes of air left well
Roger Wilco it was nice knowing you
LaRon learn luck now you take the time
to view the interior of a pod in more
detail you see a sleep chamber against
the wall
fuck fuck you I'm right f3
you turn back the plexiglass cover
chamber you make the split-second
decision to enter the sleep chamber it
seals automatically soon when you are
overcome by the my pleasant drowsiness
this is certainly better than
suffocating you begin to drift away into
a deep sleep with the satisfaction of
having accomplished your task you've
come through in the clutch and you
deserve a nice long rest now if someone
would just pick you up somewhere along
the way so long Roger Wilco and thanks
again for saving your people so they're
aliens again it was fun alien again I
guess more accurately alien meaning
another alien minion
there's bass quest - good I like them
that was a fine game people seem to
enjoy them
that's a fine game right there all right
Nana says any brainstorms for the next
rlm movie because if not I have a rich
in Jack pseudo villian Ted script that
is gold it's in my head I just have to
write it so let's talk residuals you're
moving I'm sorry make a roll movie if we
make another movie when we may or may
not decide to make it on movie mum
that's the UH melash fear also you know
you know what a you know what a great
script in your head is worth nothing big
a big old goose egg man the the war the
worst script you've ever read is still
better than your best idea in your head
an idea is ever-changing and you you you
disregard all the flaws it doesn't mean
shit till you got it down on paper man
you write that on paper you send it to
us we probably won't read it but then
you got yourself the script but most
fear says fuck yes made it in time to
see my two favorite streamers play my
favorite title keep up the great work
love you guys you love them love them
again however this one of your favorite
titles probably not a kid I welcome you
adult gentlemen most likely a
gentlewoman or whatever the fuck you are
as goes our streaming analytics but you
know it's also possible to be a lady
yeah we're just going with the numbers
here all right that's it okay let's head
over to the toe watcher this is the part
of the stream now that the stream is
over where we thank all the people who
have subscribed to us during this stream
the space quest stream space quest - to
be more specific
much like grew then 42 Egizi 99 for 14
months in roses fourteen month
anniversary and I get
bears quest awesome clone to 7 to 7 for
19 months in a row says forget Space
Quest where's the Gabriel Knight stream
I don't know where it is just Space
Quest stream I don't know what Gabriel
Knight is another adventure game powers
serie things here unqualified bard says
clone to 7 to 7 for 19 months in a row
says forget Space Quest where's the
Gabriel Knight stream you can repeat
what somebody else said if you want that
was like it's like mind-blowing rogue no
carto feeis connect kinetic our ex
chicken McDuck's for 13 months in a row
varta kiss says happy belated birthday
Richard Evans and insert overused rlm
quote comment here rich Evans is your
birthday replacing Christmas Christmas I
don't know it was just another holiday
like those best I could come up with
blog for 13 months it arose this next
review fractured but whole no no I don't
care about South Park I've heard their
games are pretty alright it's a fine
show do you still watch it I'm watching
a while I watched a little bit somewhat
recently but I really I was thinking
about this Esther because we're talking
with us a little bit it's been over 10
years since I've seen so far doesn't
mean I hate it though I have I had I
just don't care I have no no love no I
don't have basic cable and I haven't for
years yeah for many years I haven't had
cable but I at the same time I haven't
gone to seek out the show online much
like a few times I'm watched a bit but
no yeah I hate it sorry challenge
Danny analysts they have no strong big
baby troll is it Chris Gaines 2004 14
months in a row
says always a distinct pleasure to catch
you gents live hope you well Jack
enjoyed the totally not beer I sent over
for a cheat day consumption only of
course there's totally not beer here I
mean occasionally we got I don't think
I've got anything too recently unless
there's something in the mailbox like
right now
sure well keep an eye out okay we'll
keep an eye out mr. Alex Reynolds for 13
months in a row says hey Sierra thanks
guys you're the best
toad decimals for twenty four fucking
months in Rome says my first pace quest
was Space Quest four and I didn't
experience the glory of the text-based
games until years later thank you for
letting me revisit the Sierra classics
with the addition of your brand of humor
come on exploding varmints for 12 months
in roses hey guys so it's been twelve
months that Jeff Bezos is paying you
some breadcrumbs on my behalf hopefully
it at least covered the investment into
the state-of-the-art space adventure
game yes absolutely okay Sean for twenty
five fucking months in a row says this
is something about watching these older
games much more fun when someone else is
playing them with voice acting and
special effect noise --is that's the
onion you know they just didn't have the
technology for all the laser gun to pew
noises that's important heliosphere 1969
for seventeen months in a row coach
Marra 42 ninja La Ferme axion because
movie for 21 fucking months in a row
because movie says rich and Jack I've
been waiting 21 months to get a good
fucking from you thanks for all the fun
times
happy birthday month rich but you are
wrong
wrong wrong wrong about the Bladerunner
narration saga whatever a clockwork
Stalin for 30 sad she's making a mess
36 motherfucking months in a row says I
would like to thank all of our LEM for
making this motherfucker possible
it smells like gunpowder in here now
she's off this fucking fireworks you and
your gimmick you and your fucking
gimmick ever the hooks current in the
chat I'll be home we're rubbing up I'll
be home soon I'll be home soon I gotta
put up with this clowns firecrackers and
slow me down I'm juggling did you read
up on axes oh he wrote Lexus anyway how
is your sex life fucking great John 1089
for 25 fucking neuroses thanks for the
stream my family scared me on my
birthday with a skeleton dressed as dick
the birthday boy love you guys give us
moon for twenty six fucking months in a
row aimless Corsair scooped no7 just
this guy you know for thirty four
fucking months in row says I have kids
younger than this subscription
congratulations
I am Chester says ten months wow that is
so depressing sorry NSF msf wookie pre
10 dear dad Sadie fives is rich got hurt
burn since childhood you know what
helped cut the soft drinks sweet and
carbonated shit just go for pure water
you get used to it quickly you won't
miss anything after a few weeks and your
Bonnie stomach will thank you okay gape
Lee Resendiz says
where do you learn to make ice cream
sundae school uncool aid man for 36
motherfucking months in a row and uncool
8 man says it's my 3 year anniversary
you plates the Space Quest to celebrate
are you guys Cameron Mitchell's ghost
open up by the way yeah this might not
have to pay off for quite some time I
had I had a Cameron Mitchell idea oh
I'll tell ya I'll tell you later
Wednesday I'm later this is it this
point back to this moment
Zoara
Matan juggle miss twits says guys my
roommate is starting to laugh like rich
Evans my work here is done I'll see you
missed my tip from earlier you hack
frauds I read I missed toots I know it
you might not have been listening but
unless you said more than one and
sometimes it takes a while for us to get
you know I read the one about frog
fractions in the bug porn unless you
have another one I'll chicken together
figure right now make it happen no um
see poo for 13 months in a row
Purdue cat says thanks again for all the
great content there's a fun early access
game called Ben and Ed two blood games
it's a ridiculous 3d platformer where
you play as a zombie forced into a game
show with obstacle courses oh I think
I've heard of that one it's like I think
we can you can play together play with a
friend I'm sick of this six 441
motherfucking months in a row Wow Jebus
crisp and I was insane double seven
rules Space Quest the space inning
huzzah Wilkins the clown for thirty
three fucking months in a row Barmes the
dog my name
is Tate for 28 fucking months in a row
who says the fuck is öand I'm trying to
sound it out and my mouth is getting mad
at my brain orand earned oh and thunder
guns old Chris for 36 motherfucking shit
to clean up that wood went far once so
much.what hit the wall old Chris evil
Lord David for 12 months in a row says
hey guys David here for a full year now
happy late birthday rich I hope it was a
good woman
hi David the mad Russian and DK ff4 for
13 months a neurosis Jack you should
have let rich take part in the Jeffrey
Combs review at that moment oh hey he'd
never even seen the movies
we put rich into these cage Jack was a
fine choice for them ya know cuz I like
I'm okay with goopy body stuff and I
know you're not necessarily a horror fan
or comedies okay though but yeah you
probably in the reanimate er but
anything I think I birthed a cousin take
on that than I probably would have had
it was fine it's fine fine great good
review I thought was a fine review thank
you all for subscribing we really
appreciate it
and yeah have a nice one rich is
completely completely unrelated anything
okay I saw uh just I just want to talk
about something brilliant I saw okay I
saw just kind of link to some kind
something to click bad shit but I
clicked on it anyway cuz up them and it
was like listed unaired pilot episodes
two things oh okay and apparently they
did a pilot episode for show written by
Conan O'Brien starring Adam West and
it's on YouTube
really it's called look well it's a show
about a washed-up actor played by Adam
West sure who used to star at a
detective
show and even though the detective show
is long cancelled he still tries to
solve real crimes and he's also a
struggling actor and he ever every step
of the way with his detecting he is
completely 100% wrong and it's it's
brilliant this sounds amazing huh look
well and it's available on youtube look
well in fact I know you watch it after
the stream that's my recommendation Adam
West and look well this sounds brilliant
it's it's absolutely brilliant I just
wanted to throw it out there because I
saw it last night I thought it was
fantastic okay that's great all right
have a nice one good night
