May 17, 2017
STRAFE
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/153839815
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/153846860
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GY-0kWZZcLk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NlBB-mEQNYA
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/864925809471102976
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/864977962034221056

[Part I]
out you publicly sold carrot all about
that I know about Ben it's hot you like
hearing about a hot hot gay action
involving me is that what you like
hurrying about sure why not
so house house was life life has been
very interesting since I moved to
Wisconsin oh my god this way to love as
you know already but they don't um
thought they might not it's called a
recap yeah called a recap um at the egg
is coming they started early next night
here yet and I'm leaving relatively
early jerry karnes leaving relatively
early us I'm like you know we'll just
start so uh let's see uh end of July I
left my job in Illinois and I came up
here and I got myself a job at Amazon
and nothing against their employees
nothing against their managers I mean
really I had no problems with him but
hello but I just didn't like the work I
was a store and the fuck is a store a
store is at Amazon docket at the world
yes in Kenosha yeah and there's a little
bit of a commute to plus it was up it
was a ten-hour day with a half-hour
lunch so ten and a half hour day in
about an hour commute when you count
both ways and it was about to get into
prime and prime means what is what prime
means that you're so there were nothing
to do with Amazon Prime right prime peak
I call it prime know has nothing to do
there was on front P they were map to
because you're thinking about am some
preppy yes why I had to jump in and help
y'all yeah I needed a Jose got that one
really wrong I did I did I wasn't going
on trick but when you stole you you scan
denied a box and you scant scan the well
I would like a tote and you scan what's
inside of it and then you scan where
you're going to put it because these
robots bring you these big at the
magical emulation warehouse cubby things
what's a cubby thing
what's it what you know I can't think of
what they called him like a thing of a
shelves it was uh it was made of cloth
and it and it had sort of like a closet
cube with about 10 times as many slots
and most of them were filled and he had
to try to find a place to put whatever
shit they gave you in slots and scan it
for ten hours a day or 11 hours a day if
it was busy four days a week five days a
week I've heard of some people work
doing doing stuff six days a week I
can't imagine they were stowing I didn't
enjoy it and I didn't absolutely need to
do it so I got out of that and I went
and got myself a job in the industry
that I've been working in down there and
while I was in the interviewing process
for that a lady at my church said how
how important to you is it that you get
the job that you're interviewing for
because she knew I was interviewing for
a job and I said a grocery store you get
the grocery store yeah and because
that's where I had been working for I'd
working in grocery stores I've done
other things but I've in recent years
I've been working in grocery stores down
there and I said well you know I'd like
to get it but but if I don't get it I'm
sure I'll find something else and she
told me about a job where she was
working in the healthcare industry and I
thought well you know most of my
experiences in retail I do have some
healthcare experience I'll give it a
shot in the meantime I was also
interviewing you know as far as grocery
work and getting in a union honestly the
union stores are and I speak in other
dimensions the audio bed is that better
what's bad with the audio who's bad are
you quiet on my loud so totally confused
Tobin the nomes that he worked at a
grocery store cleaning up the meat
department at night wow I hope you're
better than this this guy we had down in
Illinois who got so happy with the water
that there were sparks shooting six feet
out of the electrical outlet they had to
call the fire department because nobody
that was there at the time knew where
the breaker was
but I digress so so I got my job job at
the grocery store and before I even
started at the grocery store the day
actually the same day I got my schedule
for the grocery store I got a call from
the other job which you know was
full-time with benefits and higher pay
and so basically the first day I went to
the grocery store I actually started at
my shift the people were really nice I
got along great with them and I said I
hate to tell you this but I'm pretty
sure I have another job pending my
pending my drug test and background
check which I knew wouldn't be an issue
there weren't they weren't bad to you
you're only there a couple weeks oh yeah
no I I like the grocery store again only
there one week I was there two weeks and
the you know the manager wish me luck
and said they'd be happy to have me back
but so now I'm certain you know what is
their damn fault they made you wait so
long just have to interview this is true
if they hadn't if they had if the
grocery store I went there the one day
for an interview and then they're like
we'll come back tomorrow because the
store managers here so I came back the
next day it was local fortunately and
he's like well can you come back the
next day the man when the bakery
managers here and so by the time the
grocery store and they're like well
we'll get back to you because I had
previous experience and they were going
to start me at higher than the than the
starting rate but they had to get
approval from their HR and then because
it was the same corporation I'd worked
for before they had to transfer my
information over so by the time the the
be a myth one of the largest grocery
chains in the country by the time this
BMF got itself sorted out um you saying
behemoth behemoth yeah getting be a myth
there's something weird by the time the
behemoth headed stuff sorted out um yeah
I got a I got an offer that was a better
offer so I told the grocery store I said
um you know I'm sorry because I knew
they were short-handed and everything
and I did the best you know I worked all
the shifts I was scheduled all the hours
I was scheduled I left them in the best
shape that I could leave them in
but I'm like you know I'm going to be
I'm going to be leaving you guys in two
weeks assuming that nothing goes wrong
with the background track of the drug
tests but I don't you know I haven't
done anything that would make one not
pass that it would have to be a false
positive or something you know I just
don't have any criminal record or
anything so I knew I would
99.99% pass that and I did so I started
this was I'm in the middle of my fourth
week at this new job and they are are
training me because it's it's kind of
technical and yes it was kind of very
technical um and I spent some days
training in a classroom and some days
doing the hands-on at the at the
facility but it's something completely
different for me and I I'm used to
knowing my shit because I was in the
same industry for a long time I'm not
even wanting to do honestly yeah yeah oh
yeah I I like science I like medicine
I'm a big nerds but but it's it's a lot
to take in
it's you know these these things are so
people get into this as a college thing
and you know it's a whole program but
they're trying to cram most of learning
into a couple weeks
yeah I'm richest fiance hi I'm Karen for
those who don't know and so you're right
you're you know okay you moved up here I
did you've got a job now I do you're
running out of excuses
I am now I gotta get used to this job
right now I oh oh I see how it works no
I see no I mean you know I mean
sometimes some days I wonder you know
are they gonna keep me I just feel I'm
used to knowing I know I'm used to
knowing my shit and a lot of my
classmates it's like their parents do it
or they've done it before at another
place but this is this is something
totally new for me and it's a lot of
information but you'll feel better about
what you're doing yeah
yeah yeah I I get to actually help
people directly whereas that there were
there were although you know in the
grocery industry you do get to help
costing help them find stuff and but so
a lot of times it feels like your the
job a lot of times it feels like you're
the Minute Man in order to help the
employer pick their pockets and it
didn't help that they would have like
daily meetings where they would talk
about their financials every morning it
it's like how does that affect me I'm
just stocking and ordering for one
department I'm going to do that the best
I can and if that helps you meet your
goals yeah and if your goals aren't met
well I'm the small part of that
so Karen is bonafide and rich stay out
of the Woolworths I don't have
Woolworths is Woolworths anymore does it
even mean there's a well it's a like a
grocery what it is department store in
like England or something maybe here
somewhere at some point I think they
were here at some point we're under 50
if we don't remember
well where's used to be here in the UK
the only thing I know it used to be in
the UK because there was a song called
warrior and Woolworths by x-ray specs
and polystyrene was singing it and and
polystyrene is my hero this this chubby
Acme written English girl
some people think little girls should be
seen and not heard but I think I'll
bondage up yours
one two three four seriously I love
polystyrene you just sing all stream
that's all anything Lord I think they
already know I can't oh that was
adorable what we just got read it was
absolutely adorable
whoa t-34 but so she said it one two
three four she went way up on the floor
I need tiny Jamie do wrong I wanna be a
victim to you all Oh bondage hope yours
yeah polystyrene sir rocks but uh so
yeah that's where my
is um planet crap Oh No we signed our we
signed our lease we were for our current
residence not too long ago and I had
they've turned it all to being on
computers we should which wants to go to
a gay bar Richmond go to a gay bar
I'm not worried about rich but um have
fun gay bars can be a good time I've
heard I've actually never been to one
but I wouldn't mind it but anyway um oh
yeah so so like it's all online in hell
night but it's a it's all online and
they've like moved it to like rent cafe
or whatever so you have to renew the
lease online you spell to just go to
their office sign you sign the fucking
the fucking thing but now they want
everything to be online in theory they
want like all of your like maintenance
requested stuff to be online too but
it's just easier to just be that much
hotter than a door than me yeah they've
been pretty good I mean I did that one
last time we had a we had a maintenance
request I mean yeah the air conditioning
we got to get on them because they have
not fixed it adequately last year and I
was getting warmer but less than we had
a maintenance request 600 all last year
despite numerous lines but I don't know
why you wanted to stay there we had the
issue with the closet because moving is
a pain in the ass and it's close to work
the biggest reason is living is a pain
in the ass of you if you came up with if
you did some some legwork and said look
at this place we can get this that's
better in this way for that much you
know I would be open to suggestions but
um so anyway they want you to sign up
online so I tried to do this it didn't
work I went to their office I said I
tried to do this it didn't work they
said well you got to go here I went
there I tried to do it it didn't work I
go back to their office and I'm like
well it's not working so they sat me
down they kind of walked me through it I
knew what I was doing I tried to sign on
I said well it's
saying that my registration code doesn't
match my name okay so so they print me
out a piece of paper with my code and it
says dear lastname firstname and I'm
like okay you know I mean what my last
name and my first name and so it I said
is there any possibility that you guys
in your system have my last name as my
first name and they did Terrell they're
just boobs yeah so you know once they
straighten that out I was able to sign
onto the rent cafe but I still had to
sign my lease as my last name and then
my first name I said do you guys care
and they said well not really I said
well I don't care either
let's let's talk about something that's
really important like what guardians of
the galaxy's yes what did you think is
already in the galaxy flame - yes thank
you for stepping all over my life ooh
let's try to segue something serious we
have signed a segue into a joke you shit
just shit all over it rent by choice
shit all over my joke
I enjoyed it it was sorry well what were
you get what you got to say would you
late now the size of your underwear or
something is what's what's more
important I don't know something you
know no no kiss joke we got to talk
about something more important guardians
of the galaxy use it you ruined it that
took about what now you're talking about
my underwear size you're surprised
enough what is what she's talking about
guardians of the galaxy - for fuck's
sake
okay I liked it I did it was it was
humorous as always I I still can't look
at the blue guy can't think of his name
terrible name John Doe was had his name
the one with the bow Hawkeye whistling
at the arrows thing I still can't look
at him in that thing Merle from The
Walking Dead but other than that and he
may not be typecast that wait everybody
else might just be me but uh the whole
concept of him being like a cancer and
the ridiculous
basically quoting of brandy or a fine
girl I totally gave you credit in the
chat last stream about noticing that ego
was like cancer I thought that was like
you know
point you know why that's okay cuz
that's how the mother died yeah the
mother died of cancer yeah and he was
like cancer he was spreading everywhere
he wanted everything to be him and he
had no interest in and in anything else
yeah he was he was like a cancer and
yeah Mary Poppins that very fucking
papads I've seen some cute parody things
of that on Facebook recently
what are my top three films that's a
great question
I have no idea what your top three are I
don't know um I have to say I'm very
fond of airplane cheesy as it is surely
you can't be serious
I am serious and don't call me Shirley
should've guessed her reply I really
like Monty Python and the Holy Grail and
yeah maybe I've Princess Bride maybe
almost certainly Neil yeah I would say
maybe the Princess Bride airplane and
and Bonnie Python and the Knights who
sing the airplane never gets old
it's just timeless in utterly ridiculous
when just one for the zipper I think my
favorite part of airplane is where the
automatic pilot is deflating yes she
gets her blow job no she's giving him a
blow job Lynette I think it's one see
like the tout like for years I I only
saw it on television
I'm almost we had a copy of it you're
that's taped off the television so I
never got to see until really not that
many years ago the the bit I mean he had
all the things looks like I fix picked
the wrong week to stop but the sniffing
glue one where they turn the camera
upside down that was a nice surprise
oh my god they're saying it's airplane
one is the olive oil one yeah and then
at the end of the movie he pushes a
button and there's like a girl auto
pilot next to him and his name when they
do the credits his name is Otto I guess
isn't I don't I like it it looks like I
picked the wrong week to quit smoking
sniffing glue run amphetamine oh no he
does Maul and apparently he tried to
quit them all at once and it was wrong
week maybe every week's the wrong week
yeah Roger Roger
over over Clarence Clarence what's our
vector Victor creme abdul-jabbar was
wearing his shorts his lazy butts yeah
and their list of the symptoms of the
guys go through it at the same time when
we were the eggs in her mouth and but
they did that a virgin see they're all
climbing on each other and oh and the
woman they're all lined she's hysterical
so they're all lined up first they're
slapping her than they're punching her
and there's a lot of people with
baseball bats and shotguns it's a great
movie all right this run new run new run
damn it the naked one gun movies are
good too fantastic
Naked Gun movies are fantastic what was
the one that they had that was kind of
like a golf ball era it wasn't as good
but it's hot shot yeah remember that one
thinking that one was okay but not as
good
they're saying finish a run damn it I
was almost dead that run soul plane I
heard you want to finish your run suck
on that
suck on that in soul plane does everyone
speak jive
Wow wait for me to move that's a good
point airplay is a rare example the
scoop whoever you know have to be
familiar with the source material a lot
of it's just universal like smoking or
non-smoking the ticket smoking which is
95 percent spite what's the other 5%
water part oh look you you know these
people don't forget things I know that's
why I said it we say you're 50 50
percent concentrated power of will
yeah we got a tip from Brook Jaeger he
said he recently saw Star Trek for the
first time because Star Trek I don't
know and it's got a diverse movie or or
the the Neuse the first one in the new
series world war they say was like ah an
enterprise s3 is better the Voyager
except the doctor and a lot of Deep
Space nine religion plot tomorrow our
work forward to Muslim and tomorrow
they're having another surgery um well
they said which is a chart track for the
one time because a broken leg and
enterprise s3 is better than Voyager
except the doctor and a lot of ds9
religion plot yeah
tomorrow is my second surgery wish me
luck good luck to you I hope you heal
quickly I saw Star Trek for the first
time because broken leg and enterprise
season three is better than Voyager
except the doctor and a lot of deep
space 9 or legend plot okay so the
abbreviations are throwing up I do TM RV
tomorrow I thought tomorrow Oh tomorrow
is there second to Jurassic but lot of
second surgery wish me luck
oh well Meccans good luck yeah good luck
I'd like this to a Star Trek they just
stick a like a injector on the side of
your neck in turn eight your leg would
be fixed probably do you have any
Germany Star Trek opinions um well I
like next gen better than the original
but I like them both have you seen any
of the other ones
I've seen some of the enterprise ones
with the guy from quantum leap baccala
yeah I like them I know I know they
haven't been especially popular
I've seen some understatement I've seen
some deep space I've seen a few episodes
of other Star Trek's and they didn't
really grab me
well voyagers terrible but I definitely
love next-gen and I grew up watching
Star Trek fuck me my awful runs but I am
as big a Star Trek fan as Mike probably
not know I'm I'm a casual fan I'll admit
it I'm not like a die-hard knows every
single episode number by heart
I love Star Trek and I'm a terrific fan
as Mike yeah oh yeah do I joy it sure
can I name the major characters yeah I
guess I know it's like the internet you
know it's like are you a fan of
something well are you a big enough fan
of something you know if you're asking
that question probably not but I like it
oh the trouble with tribbles anytime I
see anything that looks remotely like a
Tribble I think Tribble Koosh balls
dribbles
all right so yeah I was play a little
bit more recklessly okay
fucking they're hoping for a live
reaction video of rich getting annoyed
watching the Star Trek Discovery trailer
is that another movie in a TV show
they're bringing out another TV show yes
straight to CBS's special to eat
streaming website is this Oh does that
mean they're gonna interrupt it with
commercials every five minutes
um probably not it's on their streaming
site but you're gonna have to pay like a
monthly oh so it's like a Netflix yeah
somebody says it's a gritty sea boot is
it is it like a next-gen era is it like
classic Trek or like a spec okay it's
supposed to please it's supposed to be
before the original series but the art
design looks like whatever the fuck it
wants I want to see a series with
Captain Christopher Pike the Adventures
of Captain Pike and ever you're never
going to say I liked that up Jeffrey
hunter has been dead for a while I know
it wouldn't be played by Jeffrey hunter
unless it's a zombie flick probably
wouldn't have much luck there either I
have no idea zombie flicks don't use
actual zombies no what's up with that
it's all smoke and mirrors kid you could
have a great posthumous career as a
zombie put some strings out well you
know what you can't actually now that I
think about you can they did it with
Peter Cushing who isn't Cushing's
disease no no Peter Cushing he's he
started a movie recently good 20 years
after he died oh the Admiral high bar or
whatever his name is
Tarkin yeah that was it
oh shit it says they have Pike and Star
Trek mm I oh yeah they did didn't they
yeah he's not a star no then I'm
assuming they had somebody else claims -
the hunter would been pretty old by then
if he wasn't dead by then I don't know
what he meant well we died in a car
accident like 70s Oh 60s possibly even
laid six okay so he never lived easy
yeah you know what he didn't play Kirk
yeah well you know he what you know why
Jeffrey hunter did not star and Star
Trek the original series
I don't Christopher Pike um his wife
walked into the studio walk of the Gene
Roddenberry and said my husband Jeffrey
hunter is a movie star not a television
star his wife wouldn't let him do it
what is his movie career didn't do
anything after that he he died in a car
wreck filming some shitty Italian movie
he died years later died during the film
years later I only was doing those when
they were shooting when I was in Italy I
think it was in Italy because of some
kind of movie well I hope she's happy
Wow sure I'm sure she was delighted when
her husband died in auto way after
missing out on starring in Star Trek
virtually series I'm stray be sure water
she was delighted Chuck and then they
came up with Shatner who's who's shatter
uh a joke but he made it work he did
remarkably cuz he's fever chapped if you
ever watch the the pilot for Star Trek
the cage Jeffrey hunter would have been
fine
oh yeah it'd have been slightly
different totally it would not have been
because he was genders a fucking ham
well Shatner was like space cowboy yeah
and a hunter was like more like Picard
you know the results more cerebral yeah
more mature he actually seemed to be
bothered by people dying through words
Spock on it
non cartoony way yeah in a serious
nuanced fun these people are done you
probably would have sung better to
couldn't sing it all rocking man you
ever hear shet Nimoy sing he's done a
Baggins singing I don't think I've heard
that particular thing and then there's
uh what he sings he seems sings of Bilbo
Baggins song I'll have to look that up
cuz I know whatever I heard him saying
it wasn't that him and uh it's the guy
who's the guy that I can't think it the
Baywatch guy SSS Hoff has a law here
he's pretty bad too
I don't I don't know if he just thinks
people abide in any way because I'm
famous or if because he's famous people
are afraid to tell him that he maybe is
not the best singer people like him in
Germany he said hunter was too Vulcan
Nimoy yeah wouldn't have anyone to play
off well yeah I mean I know I don't know
that that that Hunter was too Vulcan I
mean there was emotion there but but I I
suppose there is an interesting contrast
between Nimoy and shatner because
Shatner is yeah so Shatner and and
Nimoy's character is Spock that's true
I'd still be really curious to see an
alternate universe where Jeffrey hunter
started the original series
I would like as an alternate universe I
would love I would love to see how that
turned out more than you wanted the
alternate universe where you're a
billionaire well yeah yeah cuz I'm not
gonna be in the alternate universe when
I'm a billionaire it's gonna be some
other me that's sure yes some other use
a billionaire who's watching Jeffrey
hunter and reruns of Star Trek because
you know it doesn't have to be only one
thing change
fuck me an alternate universe for ds9
was actually good yeah this night was
good I don't know what you're talking
about
I've only seen a limited number of them
that's fine show it's a very different
show I mean I've spent most of my life
without cable it's a very different show
Star Trek is about peace and humanity
overcoming things and Deep Space 9 is
about specifically not that war and
humanity doing the same shit over and
over again that sounds a lot like a real
world war and politics and technology
fails us we got to fall back on religion
to save us hmm yes start to start to
truck next gen was was kind of avowedly
atheist yes blatantly and sometimes
sometimes blatantly sometimes more than
blatantly yeah times almost judgmentally
my favorite Star Trek The Next
Generation episode is about Captain
Picard trying to stop a primitive
culture from forming religion well
you're not religious I I don't know that
that religion is always bad no I don't
know that I think humans
he's find a way to screw up religion but
then humans find a way to screw up just
about everything I will I will tease you
and religion but no I don't think I know
every aspect of religion is terrible and
everyone is religious is stupid I don't
think these things I really don't
Star Trek is solving problems in math
facing long-term consequences ds9 you
face those consequences oh boy do they
face them no see Star Trek isn't about
not facing the consequences Star Trek is
about we already took care of the
problems and the consequences Oh every
time we warp we're like polluting the
universe and we're gonna rip the frat
buddies I'm lousy I'm never lettin it
again it was one lousy episode of TV TIG
will never mention it again bgb if rich
and I had everything in common that
would just make life for ring we did
nothing to tease each other about
where's Jack Jack's coming no beer
oh there's Tiberius Kirk Kirk claims no
they did mention it again for the rest
of season seven and in Voyager and it
sucked season seven of which next-gen I
don't know I don't know if I've ever
even seen all of the episodes of
next-gen I've certainly it's not that
common that I look in someone's watching
one and I haven't seen it but there may
be somebody haven't seen I know rich
rich likes to watch stuff while he's
falling asleep and he's probably seen
them all of which next-gen you've got a
lifetime yeah yeah I've seen all of the
x-gen yes I don't know if I have or not
I mean it's I can't really remember the
last time I saw one and it was one that
I had never seen but it could happen
I should literally sit into Jack until
he gets here I mean I should act like
Jack hi I don't know how to talk like
Jack I used to but I used to be a
wedding DJ and when I was really hungry
like if v if the wedding party wasn't
generous and they didn't feed me I'd go
to the bartender and I'd get I get a
coke and ask the bartender to put his
money olives in there as he could and
turn out to puke
for the record I'm gonna have got
something I'm not normally this bad but
when you're streaming and talking you're
your concentration isn't fully where it
needs to be yeah we're looking for some
game that I could play but all of them
were either going to take forever to
download or I'd never played them before
and I didn't know if I would like them
and he's like well we just ran with you
before you'll play so yeah I've met its
annual completely lose interest
yeah very good buy something while you
talk I'll gets like I'll get fixated on
one game and play it a lot otherwise I'm
not much of a gamer like for the last
few months it's been Animal Crossing
although I'm starting to get a little
over that one why I'm gonna get to use
the desk play some of that Zelda game
maybe maybe
well like glad she does haven't been
able to do much because I accidentally
stole my sold my shovel hey accidentally
accidentally stole no I actually sold my
shovel in one of the stores so I have to
wait for a shovel to come up again so
I'm just kind of like oh other shelves
in the store no in the
interesting in the store no ok close it
but I but there's I haven't done it for
a full year yet so there's a bunch of
like different daily things that come up
that I haven't done yet like so right I
only want to see the 4th of July things
and right now it's just a miserable
grind is what you're telling me it's
been a short grind because I haven't
really been bothering with it because
they don't have a shovel oh I'm gonna
get the golden shovel one of these days
because every day I've been buying a bag
of fertilizer and I think that's how you
get the golden shovel virtual world
problems they said I'm not the real
Karen why I don't know
this is strafe is playing you well I'm
like 5 feet away from him strafe is
playing I have no idea I figured you'd
know what that meant I have heard about
the animal crossing music plug in the
place time and season appropriate music
in my browser and one of these days I
got to finish setting up my computer so
that I can have a windows-based computer
and then I can do it right now I've been
working on my chrome box don't play up
the ladder journal and shoot and in the
chrome box is kind of delightfully half
hassle-free I mean I'll give it that
it's bomb-proof and it's it's virus
proof but you can't really install
software on it oh it just occurred to me
he's brick Jagger like like Mick Jagger
what the guy who gave us the tip earlier
Oh
so is he a lego fan I'm asking him I
know you don't know
there's so much this egg bot says the
pastime on the farm
Jack could go out and check corn for fun
tip cows I saw a thing about that and
they were saying it would be really hard
to tip cows
the biggest reason being that cows would
just kind of move their legs so that
they would keep their balance to say
what you did if somebody get a small was
trying to you know if a child was trying
to tip you over you wouldn't stand with
your legs right together you'd be like
okay well I'm going to widen my stance
or I'm going to move over this way a
little bit I'm going to Gore you with my
horns now maybe not yeah that's exactly
hack beware when I've heard you
you really can't tip a cow unless you
know who was in the wrong cow jackpot is
not a person hack bot is a program
that's saying pre-recorded lines is it
yes Wow usually it's quotes of things
we've said on the stream before so
you're not having an actual discussion I
just want you to know this before this
goes on much longer I had to stop you
having a conversation hey you know what
hack bought it it passes the Turing test
so there's that the Turing test is is
that you can't tell it from a person
yeah well just because I can't tell it
from a person may be normal people can
this is just Karen you're good normal
people mm-hmm remember to add doctor
space so I remember that wouldn't
entertain you for hours it would it was
just so much fun it was a program that
came with sound blaster maybe sound
cards in the early to mid 90s and it was
like a fake psychology program like
you'd be like hey dr. Spade so I want to
kill myself and it would be like why do
you want to kill yourself and you'd be
like because I hate life and it would be
like you hate life tell me more tell me
about your mother
and just there's just program but it was
cute but it was fun to try to get it to
come up with
something other than that so you'd like
tell it you loved it and it would say
it's in love with a math coprocessor and
different weird shit it's fun to find
the the weird non-standard stuff in
there
they said riches no interest in anime
you might think he just has to watch the
right one yet but you'd be wrong oh
that's a hot button got interesting
comments what I hang out with hack pot
is one out of rich in jackin music ways
see the hack but says that wet ass
smooth as butter that's rich comment
what is the context video game there's a
planet video game called Nier automata
where the player character was a lady
with an attractive robot rank rear boat
yeah with the front but yeah and there
was some kind of problem with the stream
where it looked was the graphics were
smooth for us okay but it was choppy for
everyone watching it I said the problem
problem problem isn't the game game was
running fine that hot wet ass is smooth
as butter teeth sounds kind of like was
that dead volleyball game with a jiggle
physics a little bit a little bit do
they ever have a version of that for for
women dog physics yeah dog or or or just
you know Pat male but physics their own
and game with dong fuck physics is it
really it's like flopping around the
character creator you can you can
enlarge the genitals they are they can
you control the the turgidity I edit
eater you'll you will have to ask people
about Conan exiles I don't know if you
get to control those kind of things I
think maybe there's a slider you know
erect 0 to 100 and you might be you
might be curious enough to look into
this I mean
might be fun to see if it if it goes to
ridiculous levels like it can make it be
two feet long and like so erect that
it's like honest overlapping the the
abdomen poking out its back because they
know that's the game's only selling
point I think you can that's cool they
say you should play keep talking and no
one explodes we played that way though
before well we played that I think what
do we do with that in stream when we
played it with with your sister and her
fiance and that wasn't streaming that
was I think we just came here and played
that that was that wasn't a street
deprived them hmm
we had a good game of no kotaki and
nobody explodes about a few months ago
his sister was oh it was over she lives
overseas and her fiance and his dad and
his stepmoms is the other sister and and
me Karen might like rimworld
that sounds kinky
are there any other like levels in this
game besides you ugly ask yes I kind of
second that this looks like like quake
circa 1998 with slightly more detailed
walls well that's the point
the caution with this game like this is
like 1996 the one who should just go
play quake quake - well Scott roguelike
I once and I'm getting sick of looking
with those orange monkey boys well
that's on me for playing shitty because
I'm distracted and I'm not have I ready
just world novels I've read small gods
rich would like small gods and small
gods rocks whenever I think of turtles
and and
Eagles and yeah the fuck are you talking
about there's a word a game called some
herb game a book called small God's
terry pratchet you've heard of Discworld
yes I have there are a lot of Discworld
novels and small God's is one of the
more popular ones and it's the main
character is a monk as I recall and it's
just it's funny it kind of pokes fun at
religion and culture in a an amusing
light-hearted way okay and it makes an
interesting point at the beginning of it
it's it points out that supposedly and I
think this might happen that Eagles
sometimes pick up Turtles and drop them
you know to split them just an easy way
to get it they're gone right and kill
them and keep them from running away
ever and and in the game that makes the
amusing the amusing suggestion that that
one day this will cause Turtles to
evolve life not really how evolution
works but he's not a monkeys the guy who
sweeps up for the monks yeah he's like
some kind of
special monk Terry practice daughter is
writing for videogames that's good for
her dad I know he had a daughter
never really thought about it I mean
sure he might don't know what the fuck
you want me to do about it
it's been gone what about two years now
he had some kind of weird form of
Alzheimer's or other dementia then he
loved to be lived to be like I might be
something 100 Danny when he anything
arrived through C Clark the guy wrote ah
you know what I might be getting maybe
taking about that yeah that blows my
mind that he lived that he was you know
not a kid when he wrote 2001 and he
lived to see 2001 and 2010 not 2016 4
2016 1 and definitely not 3000 3000 1
was kind of silly with the velociraptor
gardeners and stuff but I enjoyed it
velociraptor gardeners huh somebody
makes the point that it makes more sense
for a turtle involved more weight so it
can't be lifted oh yeah the turtle was
the God that lost all its father's yeah
there was like some kind of thing where
these gods derive strength from having
believers I'm doing terrible in this
game today I cannot
she thought did he really die in 2000
terry pratchet died in 2008 no it has
not been nine years no way that can't be
right
I mean it might be right but shit look
that up on my phone real quick
because if that's true I want to know
where the time goes you're going to die
we're all going to die yeah but if it's
fit if he died of 2015 yeah that sounds
a little more Oh arthur c clarke no
Arthur she Clarke died yet that sounds
about right
Dave is like living in like Sri Lanka
forever apparently it suited him well I
think he was an englishman douglas adams
had the gods that derive strengthen
belief sure wasn't too refreshed too
could've been a number of places i know
Douglas Adams I remember the the
electronic monk and his horse and he had
some kind of glitch and he leaves all
kinds of stupid things yeah I've seen
the movie 2010 but it was a long time
ago I've seen 2001 a lot of times I love
the the choice of the classical music
but yeah it's it's trippy as heck some
of the like the color palettes and stuff
maybe I'm weird but it reminds me of the
shining it's not the same person as a
dick Kubrick do both of those The
Shining in 2001 those both Kubrick is
that a question you are asking me no
it's really a question I'm asking you I
am that ignorant about film did Kubrick
did I know - who did 2001 - Kubrick -
The Shining I don't know you're the
movie guys does this look like a cave on
Mars on the screen or I hear here you
know I can pretend like I know stuff
about movies but let's face it oh no I
am NOT yes you give an average key very
much directed both of those films and
then explain the most famous more out of
everything in this universe it's 2001
The Shining the 2001 but shiny - okay or
the moon landing depending on who you
ask but I don't believe in that oh they
think somebody specific did it who brink
I think Kubrick did it
some people Oh somebody says kick kick
kick
girl v5 you know says you being here is
the best birthday gift I could have
asked for I'm always happy when you hang
out on the stream lots of love to you
and rich never quit being so adorable
together
oh thank you and happy birthday we've
been busy we haven't had that much time
my schedules been like nuts lately so we
haven't had that much time to be
adorkable together but like whenever we
have whenever we're together like every
day we try to play some bookworm
adventures - it's like our our little my
little nerd habit we can do some of that
tonight if you want I just figured we're
not gonna talk much when we do that so
we Charlene oh yeah cuz you know you're
looking for words yeah Kubrick did not
direct her a sacar somebody's just
saying that no I'm not I don't believe
that I'm gullible I'm not that gullible
there well I don't think I'm that
gullible adorkable yes I have a shirt
this is adorable it's got a cat wearing
nerdy glasses it's dark in the door just
try to just just try to make them think
that somebody other than Jonas Salk
invented polio vaccine geez you know
because you know smart Meg know
important things
you know relevant things
well I mean which polio vaccine sock had
one and Sabin had one what's this huh
sock head the head one polio vaccine I
think Salk had think socks was a kills
virus vaccine same time no but not too
far away from each other and then I
think it was saving that came up with a
live one and the idea of the live
attenuated viruses that you would
actually shed it and so i'm not mistaken
you'd be passively immunizing the people
around you so it was an interesting
twist on things so I think Sauk had the
first polio vaccine that worked but not
the not the only one and not I don't
think the one that we use now know kind
of like smallpox the first the first in
the first wave immunized people against
smallpox was to inoculate them with the
sores from the sores of people who had
had mild cases you know variola minor of
they called it a last room but they
would like scratch it in your skin and
then later on they figured out well cow
pox is similar enough that you can
inoculate people with cow pox although
that gives you nasty a scar
better than polio better than now oh
yeah a box well any yeah and that's the
whole idea but then once the disease is
really uncommon then you stop
vaccinating people because the you know
the one-in-a-million chance that they're
going to die the vaccine becomes greater
than the chance that they're going to
then the 0% chance that they're going to
get it
we were headed that way with measles if
but the vaccine rate is vaccination rate
has gone down yep
and measles is incredibly incredibly
contagious
the I'm all in favor of herd immunity
because not everybody can or should be
vaccinated I mean there are some legit
reasons like you know the kids on
heavy-duty chemotherapy or sometimes if
people even if people have some forms of
eczema it can greatly increase the risk
of you know bad side effects but if you
had like 97 90 some percent of people
getting vaccinated consistently
everywhere there wouldn't be enough
hosts for measles to keep going from
person to person because it doesn't have
an animal reservoir hopefully someday
this minigame looks like game boy yeah
Wolfenstein gameboy style which is
really weird and ugly yeah down with it
I can't even really except maybe Tetris
I can't even play Gameboy anymore they
themes just look so ugly even if you
change the colors with like the oh it's
always you know it's fine for Tetris but
yeah Gameboy was never one from looks
Department
it had great lunch evety though I mean
what was it like ten years before they
were between the Game Boy and the Game
Boy Advance it's a long time my favorite
animal crossing characters are we
talking about like the regular NPCs or
like the villagers um let's see oh well
I mean you know I like Tom Nook I think
everybody likes Tom Nook you love Tom
dock I do I do I like cake designer the
guard dog
yeah that's cake a slider okay I like
that I like the pigeon who lives in the
kind of living I don't know damn
favoritism don't you pretend it's
anything other than mr. Resetti oh god
yeah I don't know why I wasn't thinking
about him I was trying to she's like
mentally thinking about who lives in you
know like the owl lives in the museum
and this one is here and this one is
there thinking about like where they're
located and mapping out the town in my
head that way but oh my god resetti I
don't love winding him up
I knew game you actually have to go and
like build stuff just to get him in your
town and he doesn't yell at you as much
but I love her study and I love now you
can go when you can go and visit his
reset Center and and fuck with him
Caryn and Tom Nook sitting in a tree
well I don't think we have to worry
about a baby care just like an inner
species thing there's there doesn't seem
to be any inner species no man's going
on and that nobody seems to have any
kids either though one way or another in
that game all these talking animals and
nobody talks about like lifespans or
anything like the mice don't you know
it's not like oh the mouse died gee no
the elephant's going to live to be 90
yeah that's true the animal crossing
people have eternal life I mean for kids
as far as the people like the villagers
and stuff I mean there's some that look
absolutely adorable that have never had
like like I think just went called like
meringue or something and she's like a
rhinoceros who has like a cherry pie in
her head and a strawberry for a horn or
something I mean it's just something
ridiculous people wore immortal children
would be the worst thing ever
yeah it'll be like that that the mock
thing with Adam and Eve the cartoon
thing where they don't eat the apple and
they just like screw until the entire
earth is like 20 feet deep and people
and so so like God goes and shoves an
apple in her mouth just pinches to get
the kid things roll it and get the
population down a little is all they're
doing is like multiplying yeah but my
favorite villager that actually that I
actually have you know I really like
hopper he's like a crab yes um are you
taking that 3d isalta hopper I do yeah
rich rich you'll be like what's going on
like what and I'll be like nothing I'm
talking to the game cuz I'll be like
hopper hopper trying to figure out where
he ends so I can go you know give him an
apple or would have reacts for do his
chores
it's almost story about Walker oh yes so
so I was over my parents house and hurt
they're called Walker yes there's a
character called Walker in the game for
anybody who's this dog actually for
anybody who doesn't have Animal Crossing
on 3ds why are you talking to it because
it has voice recognition and if you call
a critters name that critter will value
villager well yeah a villager an animal
and anthropomorphic animal village or
the characters in the game even the
characters want though they will the
NPCs will answer you to if they're out
in the open but the they'll tell you
they'll tell you where they are they'll
say like over here and the the over here
bubble will get bigger if you're close
to them and stuff so you can figure out
they are without having to hunt
everywhere for them and and so I was
over my parents house and they have two
dogs and what do dogs like walks so I'm
on one end of the house basically and
I'm sitting there and I'm talking to the
gay but I'm going Walker Walker and all
of a sudden the dog and it was it was a
middle of winter
it was so fucking cold and it was late
and and this dog comes in oh did you
just suddenly decide you want to go for
a walk with me and I just kind of passed
it off like I don't know what your deal
is buddy because it was just too cold I
mean I felt a little guilty but it was
like I don't know it was like five
degrees and like 1:00 in the morning and
I just did not feel like taking this dog
for a walk but he would have surely
loved it and I mean maybe it wasn't my
kindest best owner moment but I wasn't
trying to fake him out and I did not
know that he was within earshot of me
when I said it when Jack gets here
ask him if dogs have emotions do you
think they don't just just ask him does
he think they're like robots or just ask
him that they're simply reactive I think
well Jack grew up on a farm sure and I
think he had to get his brain to deal
with slaughtering these animals
occasionally I have not seen Bigfoot
versus DB Cooper you know I know DB
Cooper's though the Bigfoot versus DB
Cooper is a gay porno oh geez mm-hmm
but no no do I think dogs have emotions
sure I think they've got some ways there
they probably more emotional than we are
because they don't have any way of
distancing themselves from it they're
there
intellectually they're they're different
from us
you think dogs should vote aye you know
they'd be real easy to you know
manipulate yeah you want a cookie yeah
you know what okay okay okay okay
I mean delay gratification isn't
something that dogs or children are
really good at I mean I've heard dogs
compared to intellectually to like like
two three four year old kids and I think
in a lot of ways they're a lot of ways
they're impulse control is kind of
similar they're they're a little special
but dogs are good people fuck it I need
a good run I need a good run playing out
of my normal environment and I'm I'm a
dog person I mean I see a dog rich nose
I'll see a dog we'll be driving in the
car and I'll be like oh look at that dog
I can be bleeding to death and on the
way to the hospital you will stop to
look at a dog on the road and when I
come out of our building you know if I
see somebody walking a dog or something
only go does he like people hi doc I'm
like I want to be friends with every dog
in the world
dogs and I get along just fine Tobin
gnome I like cats but I'm allergic to
them I'd never lived with one so I feel
sometimes like I don't speak their
language like I have trouble figuring
out when they're happy and what they
like of course you know if one of them
goes and jumps on my lap and starts
purring I'm pretty sure they like that
I'll get really anal know about taking
damage and I shouldn't but I am the dogs
can be high maintenance for sure they
don't like to be they need stimulation
and they don't like to be alone they can
deal with it to a certain extent but
they'd rather never be alone they'd
rather be up your house 24 hours a day
that's what they're like they're just
dogs
am I getting a kidney yet what's wrong
with the two that I have social kind of
running kidney gigs think I mentioned
about the one kidney story I work the
person who couldn't get one why couldn't
they get one it's gonna hurt he sure
that's a gotta is medical odd problem
well they couldn't get their transplant
who something you were telling me I get
a job somebody couldn't get it they were
scheduled for a kidney transplant
oh they got their kidney transplant they
did get it if you're talking about there
was a person there was a person who went
off and they got a kidney transplant but
their their heart was I guess they did
get the transplant they got the
transplant um but there I thought they
didn't qualify anymore because they
found no no they they got they got a
kidney and they put it in and I guess
they had done a cardiac workup Karen
with the Y I knew a Karen with a Y we
were friends in junior high it was kind
of weird Karen and Karen but neither one
of us spelled the usual way but um yeah
they they got the transplant and they
had a cardiac workup like a year before
or something I guess maybe they're
supposed to have them more often or
something but anyway they they started
having heart problems after their
transplant and now because they coded
three times the kidney is damaged and
they're on dialysis and they're they're
hoping that the kidney will recover from
from the I mean they're there they're
not in good shape but they're not dead
and yeah my favorite band
that's good question for you oh yeah
there's so many I really like The Velvet
Underground I used to be crazy in a
Nirvana I don't know if I'm into them as
I used to be really really but I like
them
I like Leonard Cohen there was a time
when I would have said REM but that time
past Marilyn Manson
they were never my favorite no but I
used to like him and I had to like a lot
of it did you see Marilyn Manson before
he was big he was just starting to get
big I saw just uninhibit but you saw it
like a really small venue yeah it wasn't
it wasn't real big at all I don't know
how many seats eh yeah but it was like a
small like theater kind of place um and
I saw him in Chicago and this was like
right when they were touring for
Antichrist Superstar and then the next
day I saw them in a wall in Milwaukee
right because really and actually my
friend was gonna go see them in Chicago
in Milwaukee and I was just gonna see
them in Chicago but I think her she was
worried her parents were gonna wig out
or some things her parents were
religious like she had a she had a shirt
that said God and this noise inside my
head upside down and backwards on the
back of the shirt and her mother like
torn up of the pieces and she went and
sewed it back together it's just kind of
badass looking breaking shirt yeah but
um and you probably know who I'm talking
about
yeah but her parents really could be one
of two people in my line but I'm pretty
sure I know who you're talking about
it's the one that lives lives down south
yeah but um but yes so then I went and
some some and I'm seeing richard cheese
Friday oh I like Richard cheese and I
like Weird Al
we saw weird out we saw Weird Al at her
maybe pier yeah he he puts on edit you
know I don't know what he does
now he's get imagine doing that anymore
but we saw really good shows about 10
years it was a great show he put on the
fat cast oh I mean he had all these
costume changes and different things and
it was a costume change yeah it was a
fun show and a bunch of nerdy people
with like spatulas in her hair or
something he wasn't young then either
no he's middle-aged and he he didn't fat
full fat suit yeah that wasn't even
early in the show and it wasn't even
wintertime and it wasn't even indoors
he didn't yeah jumping around that
fucking thing in the summer I mean I
don't think it was an especially high in
the summer in the city in the summer
reading the city back of my neck getting
dirty and gritty ping down isn't it a
pity but anyway yeah so I you know I
have no idea if he does as many costume
changes Oh somebody said it some three
years ago and he's still doing it he
puts you get a chance to see Weird Al
the man puts on a great show why aren't
I sitting in Jack's seat I don't know
where does Jack usually sit I'm on the
opposite side of the couch from rich did
I just took a shower my hair is wet
gotta feel like it yeah I just got home
from work I just didn't feel like feel
like doing anything or being on camera
but I'm here yeah I know he's a vegan
and and a serious performer and been bad
Avenue has been parents a few years ago
that's about all I know about him I was
wrong when we saw him and possibly why
is Jack invisible and sounding like
Karen I am Jack I am Jack's complete
lack of your Jack's invisible presence
yeah I am Jack's invisible presence I
remember that movie and watching it and
he goes and crashes crashes his bicycle
and I'm thinking he crashed his bicycle
because he was reading but the other one
of it was reading Fight Club is such a
mindfuck I am Jack's invisible spleen
somebody says they'd be picking on rich
about things that never have do listen
to any electronic music um not so much
lately I mean I used to like the orb and
orbital and a little aphex twin is it
true that you spend a lot of time at the
club dicks we did the end of the last
best of the worst where I dropped the
tape off at a gay club a real one
I yeah just like outside did you go in
no do a little dance until making it's
all smoke and mirrors kids but yeah the
episode made it look like I spent 48
minutes hanging out there doing lord
knows what a fixed twin can be pretty
good he can also be pretty damn full of
himself like I would like some milk from
the milk man's wife's tits I swear to
god those are real lyrics that is best
who was this a fixed win okay I think
that was like the Richard D Jaynes album
or something I like thinking my while
ago so is one thing rich loves so
there's one thing rich loves cheese
cheese fries yes french fries with or
without cheese cheese with way of french
fries cheese fries and French fries
together we still have under eyes and
french fries together no that's just
going to dilute your cheese still
haven't we haven't got gone to that
place yet there's that there's a place
on that fiddling place yeah there's some
kind of place on 27th where they have
like gourmet cheese fries and also I
still need to try poutine or protein or
whatever it is I've never tried it
shockingly good
I you know uh however many million
Canadians can't be wrong I'm sure they
can millions of people have been wrong
plenty of times somebody said like some
french fries without the cheese and can
you make it that fries no you didn't get
it you did something for your cheese to
latch on to and fries are perfect for
that broccoli
yeah or line cauliflower no I mean
really you want something knows potatoes
are meant for cheese I think though you
know if you're just gonna have them
without cheese I think I'd rather have
sweet potato fries I know you and I are
in disagree I like that kindness I don't
like small team eggs don't like the
sweetness of the sweet potatoes they
won't know how your diets going poorly
because of the winner yeah we were we
were like biking by the lake and stuff
and we haven't started up yet it's Bend
it really just so much a diet as it was
being more health-conscious yeah and and
I was making I was making us grilled
chicken a lot and whatnot and vegetables
I'm gonna get back into that but I have
to say this new job has been kicking my
ass I know it's going to get easier but
right now it's it's stressful because
I'm trying to learn all these young
things and it's complex and also I have
to be there like I'm off tomorrow which
is why I'm here and I took a nap after
work and then came here but I'm I'm up
belatedly the latest I have to be there
is 7:30 and on those days I have a bit
of a commute sometimes you have to be
there latterly some days I have to be
there a little closer to home but I have
to be there are 3:30 in the morning
which means I'm getting up alike too
which means that if I want to get eight
hours sleep which I usually don't quite
manage I have to think about being
asleep by 6:00 and sometimes I'm not
getting home till like 5:00 5:30 but
it's going to get easier and the part
where I have a decent commute
is the classroom part and there's going
to be a lot less of there's a lot less
of the classroom stuff ahead of me them
behind me and it should be it should be
an improved definite improvement over
the grocery store in terms of everything
in terms of everything in terms of pay
in terms of benefit in terms of ability
to do something where I feel like I'm
contributing to the world not that gross
nothing important could you make the
world gross I mean somebody's got to do
it but and I don't like when people say
oh you're too smart for a grocery store
or something because I know people of
they're idiots and they're geniuses
working in grocery stores for a variety
of reasons there's one guy we had
working in the meat department for a
while he was a college professor
because adjuncts really have a shitty
existence but he was like a College
chemistry professor and he dressed like
Terry Pratchett he was like a chubby
Midwestern terry pratchet chemistry
professor meat department closer did we
eat too much fast food but we try to
like eat more subway and so bad it's
still bad we need to get back to the
greed to get back to the grilled chicken
you gotta you can make some grilled
chicken make sure you have oh like I've
tried that before Neil and killed myself
and brought chicken I when it's pink
it's not done
I think if I've mentioned before the the
hotdog thing if I have I told him about
the hotdog what happened remember way
back verse River does well maybe a
little bit when we first started going
out together I was over at his house and
he was having some hot dogs
he was microwaving them and I said could
you boil mine instead and he said how
and I said well you know hot dog in
water and water hot how long are they
care which way you how long I don't know
you know they
not really it's already cooked so it
really doesn't matter I mean I guess it
probably it's probably better if you
make the water hot and then put the hot
dog in it so that you're not but but hot
dogs are kind of so oily that the flavor
doesn't really leach out too much anyway
so you can kind of do it any way you
want you basically stick the hot dog in
the water and have the water be hot in
really it works in any order but I
usually prefer to do the hot water first
but I don't think it would be noticeably
worse the other way around space cop
can't cook hot dogs mind blown he can
now there are a few ways to fuck up a
hot dog but I usually just not boil my
hot dogs he just shove them in a
microwave that's how I did it my mom
likes to tell the story of the time she
walked in when I was little I liked hot
dogs and I liked raw hot dog well not
really raw but hot dogs are the
refrigerator and what time she walked in
and I couldn't apparently couldn't get
it open because I was sitting there I
was I was sitting there on my bed not
knowing the hot dogs out of the package
this is big shoot up plastic I thought
most I was little like toddler little I
got into a lot of shit when I was little
they should have like put a lock on my
door or something so she said one day
she walked in I had all four all for
birdie this is like the apocryphal story
she always likes to tell she walks in
rich I got all four burners going on the
stove and I'm sitting at the table
unwrapping packages of razor blades
alignment she's like she's like I didn't
want to scare you because I thought
you'd cut yourself so I just started
talking to what are you doing can I have
those she said she took my hands I just
had one little nick on one finger that
wasn't even bleeding yeah I'm sitting
there I all four burners going at the
stove and I'm at the table playing with
razor blades I'm sure she felt like
Bobby in the year at that point it's
time for some better childproof but see
my parents when I was a kid I'm glad you
didn't kill yours yeah well you know it
was the era when everybody had those
chairs with the casters like the fake
leather chairs with the casters and
they're just perfect if you're a little
toddler you just take the chair and push
it where you want it and Clive for the
chair to the counter and just get into
whatever bacon-wrapped hot dogs if I've
ever had one
I like the Auntie Anne's is it the
pretzel place they've got like the
croissant wrapped hotdogs or something I
know they look almost exactly like dog
treats but they taste better
you once wanted to see if your knife
would get hot if you touch it to the
wires and a toaster was your knife the
only thing that got hot
what is my stance on turkey bacon it's
not as good as regular bacon but it's
better than nothing it's it's it's a
step above that stuff that morning star
farms makes that kind of fake bacon
which taken ya which kind of looks like
play-doh any ants does have good
pretzels the cinnamon ones are really
good I don't think they have the
strawberry cream cheese anymore and that
used to be really good
would you like pretty much everything
that Morningstar farms did it's not them
the burgers were okay the bacon just if
you didn't do it just right it ended up
being all dry and kind of awful
gardenburger makes the veggie riblets
that are better than regular riblets
they're so good I think those are
probably my favorite vegetarian meat
stuff mm-hmm what is turkey bacon
it's made from acres not bacon yeah
it's bacon for for the health conscious
or people who have a religious objection
or do don't want to eat mammals but do
want to eat birds
runny eggs oh no I could just never I
know I mean I know lots of people like
them but I just said yellow stuff just
grosses me out I always do my eggs
scrambled or hard-boiled or something
that makes the yolk not be runny who
doesn't want to eat mammals but it's
fine with eating birds and I don't know
I mean pesky vegetarians eat fish and
just probably somebody out there who
doesn't eat mammals I have no idea but
I'm just thinking that's one possible
reason why you might prefer turkey bacon
or maybe you're Jewish or Muslim or any
other religions could be less fat yes
that's why I said health conscious or
religious reasons our ethical concerns
why would the name of farm after Satan I
wondered about that myself actually I'm
sure the same people who think like
celestial pain celestial is of the devil
or something probably think Morningstar
Farms is oh yeah I know I know I've
noticed that before I can only assume
that whoever came up with that name
didn't think of it wondering what the
heck you were talking about somebody
claims all right somebody here is
claiming that there's a chain store in
Australia called the Lord of the Flies
that makes vegan burgers something good
burgers are good my fan of avocados i
Julie love avocados avocados are awesome
whether they're made into guacamole or
not in fact like one of my favorite like
easy quick breakfast things is I take
egg whites and I put them in a paper
bowl so I don't even have to clean
anything up and cover the bowl with
something and I cook the egg whites you
know in the microwave and then I cut up
some avocados and put that on there and
some thyme some grape tomatoes and maybe
a little cheese it's really good and
some black pepper the avocados I mean
they're good even if you just put a
little salt on them
do love avocados yeah they are a good
source of healthy fat so is almond
butter almond butter is really good with
apples and a little bit of honey and
some salt I know I need a nutritionist I
need I need a personal chef when I see
like these movie stars and they are like
matte in great shape you know and I
wonder I'm like if I had all that money
I think I would just pay somebody to
cook for me and I'd be like make it
healthy and make it low-calorie after
some of them some of them do they do for
sure the ones you don't I wonder why
they don't or maybe they just can't have
their weaknesses particular favorites
what instruments do I play skin flute
that's what I'm thinking um the radio I
do not play and then it should be the
last audio no I don't I don't play
anything how do I prefer my steak
medium-rare to somewhat rare not rare
that bleeding rare not blue rare I mean
not rare rare rare but uh yeah I like it
I like it rare ish medium rare which
said I was musically inclined well
listening to not necessarily I like
music I ever learned to play anything
play my parents I wanted to play
something and they probably guessed
rightly that I wouldn't have stuck with
it
I'm guessing I don't know but I never
played anything how do I like my ice
cream frozen I like all kinds of
different ice cream things except I'm
not really big on lomani Spumante
spumoni whatever it is
I'm not really big on things that are
under those things called pistachio
flavored except pistachios I wanted to
be in a metal band I always thought it
might be fun to like have a joke band
where you just played like kids
instruments really badly on purpose
which said I like horses it sounds like
that's it it sounds like a quote from
July horses have you ever been to a
Turkish bad prison Joey don't let
something out of airplane I don't
dislike horses but I'm not a horse's
have not played a big part in my life
I've got nothing against horses horses
are stupid you're stupid yeah doesn't
mean horses aren't you gotta say about
that they say you've been to a Turkish
prison
you were the warden you ever sit the
cockpit I have sat in the cockpit
actually I went to Germany when I was in
high school it was kind of a it wasn't
quite involved with the school but the
teacher was kind of chaperoning it so
kind of because I took four years of
German in high school and I did get to
sit in the cockpit for a little bit and
my goodness that's a lot of little
lights and things so told him about your
Germany adventure well I was I was like
17 we were there for two weeks we
started in the northern part like Berlin
I don't know I know if we started really
member we were in Berlin and then we
were in like the Black Forest and then
we ended up in Bavaria and got to see
neuschwanstein king ludwig ii castle
that the one that the disneyland castle
supposedly based on and it was pretty
neat
can I make you babble about Star Trek
Babel didn't we already babble about
Star Trek you can't make me babble a bar
way it's hard about it
I've not seen this discovery trailer
traveler speak says I like horses they
used to help look after I rescue horses
oh yeah horses means some horses
definitely need rescuing and they're not
exactly the easiest pets the home
compared to like a dog or a lot more
people who are capable of taking a dog
into their home than people who are
capable of taking a horse how many
people died building which funds that I
don't probably a couple and that crazy
has bridge next to it and king ludwig ii
i mean what am not i think he was having
an affair with vogner how about you rich
yes definitely they want us to watch a
new trailer now on steam trailer for
what have people capable of taking a
home into their dog well my parents dog
is kind of big so maybe it was a small
home I would join out my house we're
talking about Clifford what's the
schwantz it's spelled with a W not a V
it's a tail it's the German word for
tail if it means other things in German
or Yiddish I'll let you look those up
why am i a disembodied voice because I
just kind of got off a work and I didn't
feel like me and on camera I need a
quick Caron cameo with my still probably
wet hair here no them dumb no you're not
their slave oh oh is that better
Oh
though that I secretly killed Jack
yes we're eating him right now see rich
the chat got your kiss
they say thanks guys kids worked they
said they didn't see that could I do it
again oh they said I could be on my
fourth day of a bender bender and still
fit in Friday every day rich is the
little honey richest anticline of whom
aghhhhh oh he's my little honey trying
to concentrate that Sark they want to
know if jay-z actor who played Malachi
and children of the corn no it has been
so many years since I saw that it's more
like the whole town was full of like
damned children yeah well there were
damned I don't really remember what they
were they were in a cult they killed the
parents is that it yeah I mean literally
last time I saw that movie I think I was
like eight years old I don't know if it
was in the movie but I think the book
had like some got a demon in the corn
that was you know corrupting them have I
been watching any good TV shows not
lately
we're totally looking forward to the
next season of Kimmy Schmidt and break I
was one of my classmates I was showing
that to her she was talking about what's
good to watch and whatnot yeah and I was
telling her about Kimmy Schmidt I was
trying to describe it I'm like no it's
really funny and it's really upbeat but
like she was in an underground bunker
for like ten years and she doesn't know
about anything but but it's a comedy and
she's like trying to live in New York
and then I played of course the theme
you know unbreakable there live damn it
it's miracle I like I would you like
things I do cute the Stephen King
drinking game how does the Stephen King
drinking game work
and then when season like with this fall
right is the season two of stranger
things I love special rings I loved
straight we watched I think we between
when his brother was over and regular I
think I've probably seen it like I don't
usually watch stuff that much and I've
probably seen it ever three times like
the whole thing of stranger things I
love it any time any time Stephen King
makes any kind of reference to Maine he
drank a drink I don't know have I seen
Legion or black mirror I have not we
were watching for a while we were
watching
narcos the first two seasons I'm not
sure we're gonna watch the third season
they're gonna be one their disposal is
going to be a third season of narcos but
I don't know what it's gonna be like
after Pablo Escobar's bad Pablo Escobar
it's gonna be bad what blew my mind
about that was was when I found out that
excuse me
Wagner Moura those Portuguese and didn't
speak Spanish and like hello slowly
slowly because people don't know any of
the details okay going up to this
so narcos is a TV show and it's about
Pablo Escobar and the law blow Escobar
Pablo Escobar was a drug lord in the 80s
and 90s in Colombia in South America
you're the reason you know what cocaine
is know there's cocaine before that 70s
you know what you know what cocaine is
from staying alive or Boogie Nights or
something yeah but became a thing that
was in something like staying alive
because of Pablo Escobar maybe who I
almost single-handedly imported all that
shit into the country so so yeah so so
the movies about Pablo Escobar who's a
drug lord from Colombia and about the
law enforcement people who are trying to
trying to take them out and and it's
just really good but the actor who
played Pablo
originally they were going to film it in
English and instead of what they did do
which was in Marcos in the show it's
it's there speaking Spanish speaks
English natively every the the
conversations are in whatever language
they would have been in when they really
happened so when you've got two
Colombian people speaking to each other
they're speaking Spanish and the only
time they're speaking English really is
when the main character well not that
main care when the when the DEA agent
who wrote the book that it's based on or
whoever started her and this guy is
talking to other Americans it's in
English but otherwise it's in Spanish
with subtitles and so they took they
casted this guy named Magnum vodka nine
appeases vogner like the German or if he
says Wagner or Wagner Wagner Moura I
think that's how you say it but he's
he's a Brazilian Portuguese speaking man
and they casted him to be Pablo Escobar
because originally originally they're
gonna film it's gonna be English across
them and he was like well you know
accented English I got that yeah but
then they they they decided that they
were going to film it in the languages
in which it was spoken which was you
know originally transpired which was
mostly Spanish but nobody thought to ask
the actor they hired to play Pablo
Escobar if he could actually speak
Spanish
yeah because originally that would have
been an issue which he could not yes so
then he went to Colombia to go learn
Spanish so that he could speak Spanish
as Pablo Escobar and I've heard mixed
reviews of his Spanish I being being
mostly monolingual English myself with a
little bit of Spanish and a little bit
of German I am not in a position that to
evaluate how good his Spanish sounds
whether or not Wagner Moura Spanish
sounds like good Spanish or good
Colombian Spanish I know Colombian
Spanish and like say Mexican Spanish
sound very different I can hear that
Colombians complained that Pablo Escobar
didn't do it Spanish accent good enough
yeah I don't know I mean I asked one of
one of my Facebook friends is from
Colombia he's from from Bogota and I
asked him but he never did get back back
to me he just mentioned oh yeah I met
Pablo Escobar when I was like 13 or
something but things became such a mess
afterwards and in Colombia that that he
left and took his whole baby kid came
here basically started a civil war yeah
yeah and that's that's when this man
came came here and he's been here for a
long time but he never did get back to
me when I when I put that comment on
Facebook and tagged a minute asking
whether or not whether Neville Escobar
Pablo Escobar had good Chloe's Spanish
he was rich and powerful enough that
when the Colombian government finally
decided we're going to take this guy
down Pablo had enough money and
resources and power to wage a war with
his own government yes and basically win
and then he decided that he would agree
to go to quote air quotes prison which
was basically like a mansion that he
built and he had like famous soccer
players come and play for him he turned
himself in but he got to go to the
prison that he builds that was a luxury
mansion that wasn't actually a prison
where he was running his drug empire
like normal other drug families
eventually eroded his power it was a
Colombian and I'm sure this time sure
the CIA was involved in some degree but
that's not the reason he fell from power
he fell from power because of other drug
lords who got sick of him basically
my dad fucked up can you hear you no no
yes maybe yes I said one two yeah he did
supposedly burn some money to keep his
kids warm and he it's an interesting
story I mean he's he's a complex
character he did some things that were
good he did some things that were not
good didn't want to hear were your
former co-workers I met him as a child
or something right yeah I mentioned that
I was watching that and he said that he
met him when he was like 13 I don't know
from the same place the same place that
Pablo was first my life you can't hear
me is the Michael can you hear me now
no you fixed my mic
you harm the French from you're not
talking into it
this should be fine hello hello that
looks okay to me jack is this working
chat is is this the thing that's working
let's fix okay okay I'm glad we can
clear that up it's working it's lit has
it been crapping out a lot has she been
going in and out all night I need to
know as needs as needs two noses did you
miss me
did you read the nuke wizard 70 anything
here are oh that's new one did you read
no blast when I read was the one about
the person who would who was having
surgery second surgery a broken leg
wizard 78 says have you seen the new
Star Trek Discovery trailer if not did
you ever like Babylon 5 I have not seen
the new Star Trek Discovery trailer I
tried to get into Babylon 5 I did not
make it through the pilot episode I god
I even thought about Babylon 5 in about
a decade
yeah rich you're looking miserable as
always well thank you I'm I'm feeling
quite fine it's just his face uh-huh so
I always look miserable yeah yeah it was
a kind of mopey
oh these Mike and Ikes ours are good I
can't do anything about that that's just
the way I look do I know if you can
watch Farscape yes I can Mike wouldn't e
resting bitchface now he's feeling
resting mope face
resting Bladerunner face
resting misery face
well congratulations bad news shoes your
bad news and shoes they want to know
what's wrong with your face you know it
is because of the worst
I have not she doesn't watch best of the
worst you see bits of it when you're
editing it mostly I don't hate him when
you're just watching this yeah if I
watch stuff that he's in I make him
self-conscious you can watch stuff a
minute I don't care
watch whatever you want
time is what's the worst movie I've ever
seen
you know there are some bad movies out
there and I really didn't like the room
I would say that was pretty bad but I
think the worst movie I've ever seen is
weekend at Bernie's - we just spend the
entire movie watching a corpse walk
around with headphones on underwater and
everywhere
what about weekend at Bernie's one
nobody ever talks about weekend at
Bernie's one it wasn't as bad as a
second one
I see they when I grew up there was a I
have a guardian do we see Guardians -
yeah we saw Guardians do I think we got
in there already I liked it you have any
thoughts about her I know you weren't
super into it I thought it was cute that
they I guess the Groot stuff was cute
and some of the stuff that they but in
some ways it seemed like it was just
like they were pushing pressing although
you know the fans are gonna want this
check that box the fans are gonna want
that check that box yeah yeah how much
someone yeah it took the characters and
they did emotional things with him I was
fine with it but I liked when the the
purple guy with the veiny things all
over him what's the new drag or
something Drax of the big guy yeah okay
Drax one of these purple when he was
telling the tone the girl you're hideous
not you're pretty at the inside jack is
backseat gaming from the chata tell Jake
to get his ass over here
what are spooky urban legends around the
Greater Milwaukee area when I really
needed to tell you about Milwaukee area
I could tell you some about Chicago
resurrection man I was just gonna say
don't go it dude you're but I don't know
a lot about it supposedly there's a
there's Resurrection Cemetery it's a
South Side and I guess supposedly like
people's at the hitch-hiker one way
people will see a young woman
hitchhiking in the side of the road and
they'll pick her up and I think she'll
just appear during the ride or some
takes you to the cemetery or something
yeah should a different version II
should be this guy he died called
Richard crow and he would do like these
haunted Chicago tours where he would
basically take you to the different
sites where that had haunting legends
about them in Chicago mostly on the
south suburbs what's the story behind
Downers Grove Cemetery I have no idea
why is that first girl that's is Bambi I
mean bachelors groom
yeah I don't remember well I got fucked
just because I went down an elevator
where there's lady monsters anise I
don't remember
I like cemeteries supposedly one of the
most haunted 7c on after the hauntings
real on first place most haunted
cemetery in the country passes the roof
if I was going to be haunting I would
haunt st. James Church the cemetery out
in Lemont Township I mean that is
essentially cemetery it's an awesome
Cemetery with all these like headstones
from like pre Civil War
I mean it's built like around the same
time as like the Cal sag channel and
it's pretty fascinating it's a great
place to go actually the church they are
st. James was when my sister got married
like 20 years ago didn't yeah I think
she'd been remember next year it'll be
20 years oh you're my sister your sister
I'm her wedding anniversary Lenti years
next year I like some actually if you
ever want to do like any kind of Chicago
Subba territory you got to go to
Graceland that's or all the I've never
movers in the Shakers of the late 19th
and early 20th century the mayor's
famous people the ridiculously wealthy
boney armor hot dog I don't think so no
a armored hot dog guy I don't know who
was probably in some special Catholic
cemetery or Italian cemetery or
something
Hasmukh prison cemetery never know I
don't know how much money he had when he
actually died of the syphilis don't he
died it yep funny
funny that he died to that and not all
the violence he was involved in oh you
know he died in prison they got him for
tax evasion and memory serves yeah
somebody says he died of heart failure
well those aren't mutually exclusive
and it could have been syphilitic
related heart failure or you could have
had syphilis and heart failure or
something
have you seen Kong Skull Island
no I'm not particularly interested in
yeah honestly
one of my co-workers was saying that
that I chose my educator she was saying
that at one point at a place where she
worked there was a guy who used to she
was working like a hospital and there
was a guy who used to fall asleep and
when he'd fall asleep he'd grab himself
and he had an infection on his arm
yeah and they called sure did and it was
gone areia so like he partly managed to
transfer gonorrhea from his dick to his
arm we're is weird isn't n disgusting
there's some some things I don't have to
hear you know hmm
say I never have to hear them I don't
wonder what that looked like I don't
matter what that looked like somebody
says there's a syphilis that can't be
cured by antibiotics I don't know I hope
not wine with this antibiotic resistance
stuff they got going on now like you
know multi-resistant TB and stuff I mean
some of these diseases they're not nice
people have to use antibiotics right
yeah so feed them the cow you'll never
get prescribed antibiotics use as
directed and use the whole damn bottle
even if you're feeling better yeah and
don't it's important don't try to
pressure your doctor and they're giving
them to you for a cold because it's a
not gonna help your cold and B going to
you need with your gut flora and
potentially yeah what what helped me by
acceptable to other things yeah well if
you have a virus just ask for a sugar
pill would want a big fat placebo what's
the last concert I went to um I think
the last concert I went to was Leonard
Coleman and that was a couple years ago
now I didn't get invited you were
invited what was I invited I don't
remember the invite
anyway a friend of mine who currently
lives in the Carolinas she teen I went a
few years back and we sell in Cohen and
he was great I'm surprised he got down
on his knees a couple times and nobody
had to help him up I mean the guy was
like 80
he was like 78 at the time or something
but yeah he but I could sure huh didn't
stop now I and that that his voice works
with the material but uh
well that's true I mean yeah timbira's
Clerk taking antibiotics for serial
bacterial infections that might
opportunistically take over the problem
is that you're also potentially screwing
with your gut flora and that's a part of
your immune system to that you don't
want to shut down so kind of depends and
there is no one right answer for
everyone in every situation now
ask your doctor read your internet don't
self diagnose too much and the usual
you're saying you're being an insane
perfectionist in this game I know I am
somebody says that Tiberius was the most
boring Roman Emperor well you know there
was some pretty crazy ass Roman emperors
I mean it's pretty hard to compete with
Caligula and Nero
who's worse Caligula Nero Caligula I
think I don't know as much about Nero
but Caligula was a sick-ass puppy
I know Little Boots you know that's what
his name man right yeah Little Boots oh
yeah that's right he made a horse a
senator yeah they were
yeah Nero burned the city and Caligula
tortured a bunch of people and did
creepy sex things with children I mean
they neither one was good I mean that
you could get into like was it chosen I
thought it was his sister well that too
but didn't he have like a fountain full
of little boys I don't need to know is
there something I don't need to know I
don't need to hear about it you know I
mean the thing about these these
Emperor's is that they were so
ridiculous that you could say just about
anything you could be like oh he's the
one who made his mother fuck a pig and
you'd be like oh really because like
nothing is too outrageous to think it
might be something that when these guys
did
as one sucks
so yeah nothing nothing
not the most compassionate humans
and yeah of course some people are a lot
of people do bad things for some people
and good things for others they do
things that are good for one group and
bad for one group another group they say
these kinds of games aren't for you I am
like talking and my full concentration
I'm going where it needs to be I've done
I haven't done better in this I die
beaten it but I've I've gotten a lot
further that I'm getting you know about
the violin there's a little guy that
plays a violin at the end of one of the
tetris levels and I was wondering if
that was supposed to be Nero who's my
favorite president well Trump right
let's stick to past presidents who's my
favorite president isn't the answer
automatically have to be Lincoln cuz I'm
from Illinois no because he ended the
biggest mistake this country ever made
Lincoln Lincoln was pretty cool I was
thinking you know I mean I don't know
what that much about what it was like to
live under car I was very very young but
and he's going building Habitat for
Humanity shit sure as hell isn't Jackson
that fucker was crazy although he's
interesting the Trump of his day game is
crazy but uh no FDR yeah FDR the New
Deal or whatever the the fireside chats
and all that and the Tennessee Valley
Authority and the works project
Association or administration live it up
Ulysses Grant is an interesting person
he struck me as profoundly uncouth but
it's not necessarily the worst thing
yeah Lincoln Lincoln who's not as
progressive is he sometimes it may not
have been pretty but he beat robert e
lee f did he die of like lung cancer yep
cancer something from all that tobacco
use news at 11
peasant dies of tobacco use gets cancer
it's did that all wrong we went to UM I
know on Bajor a friend and I went to
remember we went to what's name that the
Pabst mansion or whatever in Milwaukee
and it's it's pretty the lux but the guy
had like a whole giant tobacco humidor
and he had ended up with emphysema so
bad that they put an elevator into it at
the time when nobody had elevators I
guess he never got to use it cuz he died
his emphysema first and there's a tip
from quiz 'red 78 with no message
thank you quiz room 78 Lincoln was a
great vampire hunter he doesn't give
enough credit for that the history books
three starts four I'm getting off to a
bad start
I feel like I'm losing too much of my
shields in the first level that's why
I'm restarting they want to know if
you're doing a no damage run what I'm
trying to know and they say it's painful
to watch
oh alright fuckers huh the graphics are
painful they're supposed to be shut up
think that gave me depression but yeah
make us I'm gonna go cut just looking at
these graphics oh please not cool really
played if you want to I just like my
games to be happy and sunny ok but you
know you don't care about the dated dis
of it or do you I don't
whatever I don't care about the dated
miss of it it's just everything is
either red blood or green or gray or
orange people who look like I don't know
what fat orange zombieman of course
gilbert gottfried plays lincoln in a
one-minute scene in the seth macfarlane
cowboy movie that sounds bizarre he's
the one who talks like this right
believe it or not Wow Henry talks normal
does he real-life that's not his voice
really yeah why would he just in general
been very good at making sure he sounds
like that whenever he's on camera it
sounds just giant fucking annoying
yeah like you want to just rip his vocal
cords out by his best going up to his
toes that's your shtick it's totally
work for him Oh him and Garry Shandling
I couldn't watch Shandling's voice
either that really yeah Garry Shandling
just taught us normal no you think it a
Bobcat Goldthwait about who Bobcat
Goldthwait I don't know maybe laughs hey
Gary Shandling I'd like a TV show yeah I
remember him being really annoying - Wow
but better never late urban crisis for
what he says shit I'm late this is
better late than never
we were early technically oh yeah yeah
we were for us yeah we started early and
Jack's gonna be coming here I'm marrying
a man that's famous on the internet for
his voice but I like Rich's voice lots
of people don't too bad they don't have
to listen to it
you hate my laugh I know that only know
what causes me it causes me great
destroy don't hate your laugh I just
hate how loud you get you get like
ear-splitting levels of and will be like
in a public place and I'm like ah or
you'll do it like an inch from my head
so I cuddled up together and so this
funny I don't hate your laugh I guess
your laugh is legendary I like his voice
just fine he's got a good voice got a
sweet voice when I think of his voice I
think of sweet things that he said he's
like extra sweet when he's being sweet
you know they say you should never stop
laughing don't tend to
they say your laugh sounds like angels
dog
I'm sorry Clarence
I'm sorry Clarence attaboy Clarence I
like heck but what a fact about saying
no the wet ass thing again kind of if
you want to have a shiny ass the kind of
need like oil or something cuz asses are
kind of like water beads on them in a
video game you just need the right
texture applied to you by the person who
made model oh yeah these are video games
video games aren't real they say your
left your left cures cancer that's
common thing I hear that a lot somebody
else says it gave you crip their left
gave you your B laugh gave them
crippling diabetes all people close to
rich become deaf to certain frequencies
I believe that does anyone call rich
dick his grandmother did yeah we hadn't
he had an uncle that the family called
dick here in the end my grandmother
couldn't tell the difference between us
yeah when his grandmother yeah I mean
she was she was old and she had dementia
I guess yeah and and so when she was
going really senile she would confuse
rich her grandson with her son who they
called dick who was also a Richard yep
who he was named after and who passed
away young um so yeah yeah his
grandmother called him dick I think your
mom called you dick I think so yeah his
mom's side of the family your your uncle
maybe I think your uncle calls you dick
yeah yeah his mother's side is about the
older older relatives on his mother's
side of the family call him dick but his
friends all call him rich except for his
I have no idea for some reason my
sister's on my dad's side yeah his
sister's yeah he's got he's got his
parents had him that I was rude yeah his
parents had him and that's the only
child they had those two people together
and they got divorced when he was tiny
and they both remarried and they married
different people you know they both
remarried and they both had more
children and his sister's on his
father's side call call him Ricky Ricky
for some reason nobody calls me rich
nobody else calls him Ricky everybody
else calls him rich except for a couple
of elderly relatives one or two elderly
relatives on his mother's side who calm
dick
the Evans family truth digs what was
your grandfather's name was he John John
okay so no if there's a if there's a
great-uncle the big or small Tetons in
the family - yeah yeah there's a lot of
John's your uncle John your grandfather
John your brother on your mother's side
John your uncle's John yeah
that's John's every dick and down and
hairy fuck Wow some people still name
the kids Tom people name the kids dick
but they call them rich do I want not
too many Harry's now it's like every
Aiden Michael and what do people name
their sons a lot now no it's a try shop
thing I've never got this one
your brother Darrell your other brother
Darryl listening my name is Larry I
think my name is Larry him it's my
brother Darrell this mother brother
Darrell why does Richard Merritt five
nicknames was like rich and Rick he's
talking the names our middle names oh I
thought they're talking about all the
different forms that's yes I you know
I'll tell you all this good reason why
richard has so many nicknames was such a
common name yeah but like Harry doesn't
have a bunch of different nicknames and
Tom doesn't have a bunch of nicknames
hmm I mean nobody calls the mass or I
guess or I don't know for a second I
thought they were talking about middle
names Richard William Thomas Evans well
we know why we have a theory about that
yeah pretty good serious I stick it out
of my vagina I want to know how does
Amanda wait wait wait wait you know you
gotta set that up
you gotta set that up Rich's mother is
the sixth of seven children six boys one
girl yes remember kept em she wanted a
girl my girl with a water girl yeah and
she kept havin kids there were all
fuckin boys until his mother and then
she thought her luck could change but
she had another boy and then she when
she died she was uh nope and I think
that there were some some miscarriages
too but I have no idea what the sex of
those was probably were when you have
seven children that seven children who
grow to adulthood my mother just wanted
to get as many of them out of the
fucking way as possible yes she's like
okay well Richard William Thomas I'll
take care of my brother dick I'll take
care of my brother Tom and I'll take
care of my brother bill and then she had
John I got two other good ones you got a
son John she had a son your other son
John he's yeah I get two very good yeah
you got to the good you ready heard
uncle he died before you were yeah yeah
Bills Bills of sight oh yeah your Uncle
Tom was a prick your uncle bill is great
tom is an asshole
he is a fucking asshole see the one of
those in California
no it's Chuck okay I honestly without us
are away from the family as he possibly
could he stayed there when there's when
there's six it's hard to keep track and
I know there's there was there was John
and he was a character for the
Agis is a horrible alcoholic and he's
part of the reason I don't drink yeah I
was being nice man man drunk himself to
death yeah I got the body building in
there I'm still scarred for life his
Uncle John I got into bodybuilding for a
while and one day I was even still
living with his grandmother one day I'm
I'm walking up the driveway getting
ready to go in the house via the back
door which is how you got in there
usually go knock on the back door and
who's coming the other way but is Uncle
John in a pink speedo with a fake bake
in his 60s
honestly I'm scarred for life then
what's up biggest biggest asshole I
don't know if I want to get it yeah but
he was just you know Oh New York fuckin
murder yeah he goes to like my
grandmother's funeral oh no I thought
you meant no that's not what I'm
thinking oh you got a suppose I'm
thinking of that of when he went to you
so you're fucking her yet every boy's
got a dip is wick we want to get creepy
only we're just friends at that point
Irish on you but yeah we're not even a
couple yet yeah it wasn't so you're
fucking her yet is it new your business
usual are you talking you dip in your
wig yeah who says that yeah yeah the
funeral fingers when one Michael my
grandma died party I was going that one
up we're getting ready to put her in the
mortuary in a coffin and he shoves his
way oh no no let's let's let's start
this at work okay so the priest wanted
all the children to put their hands on
the casket that's that's where we get
into this oh yeah and so did the drunken
uncle who spent the entire day walking
around with one pant leg rolled up and
not noticing he goes and he shoves his
waited way to the front goes me first
I'm the oldest
the first I'm the oldest yeah you have
to put a classy man what a classy
fucking man he was a dick except that
the uncle who was called dick wasn't a
dick yeah go who's called John was the
dick yeah so he was the he was the black
shape

[Part II]
heck bot says the stream was started two
hours and nine minutes and 42 seconds
ago it's awfully precise it's a robot
rendered it's a robot it does robotic
calculations they want to know what kind
of power you drive the kind with no five
wheels there's four on the bottom and
there's one in the don't give any
information like that like a bleed oh no
I'm not much I'm not an an unremarkable
car
they say they already know well why you
asking them drives they say you drive a
bus ha ha
1998 Batmobile what are my thoughts on
Lena Dunham I've heard that name before
I don't know who that is I'm drawing a
blank
I should I probably shouldn't be but I'm
drawing a blank no it's got 5 wheels
there's there's four on the bottom and
there's the one you steer
which drives the spacecraft car used to
yeah did youdid tell him about the the
terrorism thing right the mess relay the
story relay the story I'm shooting
things which says that when he was
driving the space cop car because you
were filming we're building scene they
were in they were yeah near the airport
but he was you he was driving the space
cop car the spacecraft car is passed on
but he was driving it regularly too but
they were they were by the airport and
they had like green neon pool noodles on
the top so that they could like
post-production turn them in lasers or
something mm-hmm and somebody some
paranoid old lady I guess I don't know
they called the cops and said that they
they thought they were middle eastern
terrace driving around terry bar with
missiles strapped to the hood yeah and
and when the cops got there they started
laughing because it was like a bunch of
nerdy white boys with pool noodles
attached to the top of their car filming
a movie the cop just started laughing
it's that sort of thing my neighbor my
mother's neighbor would like because my
mother's neighbor she just watches out
the window all day long she's one of
those nosy neighbors yeah I mean there's
neighborhood watch and then there's
neighborhood never fucking stop staring
at everything else's business
I don't think she voted for anyone
because she can barely walk and barely
get out of the house she's a nice lady
the neighbor she's just nosy a sec
did you deal with Milwaukee's Department
of film permits um if we did it wouldn't
have been me dealing yeah if anything
had to be dealt with my probably
would've dealt with it I know we called
the police and like asked you know let
them know what we're gonna do here and
they're like we're gonna drive around
the stupid car doing this of that so we
got a tip from crowler after Crawler
wrapped krola rap is fine have you seen
the new Seth MacFarlane Star Trek spoof
trailer heard about it haven't seated if
so did you hate it or love it refer to
previous response we all know there's no
in between also just hit episode 25
conspiracy of TNG that evil dead ending
oh my god one evil debt of the gore
no no just signs of something gory which
is as I understand was that ending was
Gene Roddenberry's way of telling the
network fuck you I'll do what I want on
this show does rlm and have a permit to
add to permit to exist do they know
about the the fire the fire extinguisher
thing I think that's just a funny yeah I
don't know if you do it's not a super
amazing story they hero but never on
equal you really up the the the police
called the police came in here and they
inspected please you say you're building
Beethoven inspection when you get a
building when you get out to get you to
get your permits the fire inspector came
in and we had we had to lower the fire
hydrant they wanted the fire
extinguisher lower on the second floor
low enough so is accessible by
wheelchair that fire extinguisher that's
only accessible by those steep stairs
yeah so yeah if you can get up one day
because you can probably crawl up the
fire stick there's never gonna be a
handicapped person here most most likely
just not going to happen unless they
like pull themselves up the stairs or
something
and if they're that physically capable
they're probably physically capable of
getting that fire extinguisher off the
wall great I don't remember this severed
head I need was shit this is where I
came from if you want to live outside
the law you have to be up to code
they're claiming Bob Dylan said this
Dylan said a lot of interesting things
Miley's in the basement fixing up the
medicine I'm on the pavement thinking
about the government to be him know
maybe our LM not a DEA compliant well
not everything has to be I suppose if
you if you hired someone or if you were
a certain size but some buildings are
just not set up for
I don't think jack is invisible tonight
and imitating Karen yeah how's he doing
local fire code not idea yeah probably
and I can understand that they want it
to be handicapped accessible it's just
that it's in a place that is otherwise
not handicapped accessible in order to
be handicap accessible it would even
need to be entirely remodeled they
didn't elevator Jack's gonna be here I
will let Jack know how much you missed
him yeah we will definitely let Jack
know they were stuck with Karen then no
jack they wanted to know jack
yeah you're soaked you don't what I say
something evil they didn't get see that
it's too fucking bad just for you
why did your message get removed I have
no idea I can only assume that the
content was not legit horrible
off-screen filth get a room
Stillman they say you should grab my
tits honk
nice nice thing you like that it is a
quote get laid I could do it rich I want
to know what Tommy we saw smelled like
did you meet him yeah he was at a
showing in the room does he realize that
he's famous why he's famous he's trying
he tries to play it off like he made a
comedy but everyone knows ain't fooling
no one just no thanks I don't remember
what he smelled like we were too busy
trying to get him to say George Luke
you're tearing me apart George Leo there
mate they're making fun of how I said it
so was it likewise saw or something um
how'd you say I said we saw and then
somebody says ooh we sue we sue whether
as we sue it's some kind of Central
European name or something yeah nobody
nobody's entirely sure where he's from
he won't say he looks like he's only
Central European tries to say is from
the USA and he is obviously totally
completely full of shit but I think like
you know like I'm sir being a Bulgarian
or something
no I don't know when the bet what's the
best single-serving tian i fucking hate
that elevator thank you for the for the
tip silver Merkin silver Merkin they
want to know what what you think the
best single serving of sort of TNG is
watches the Watchers they also claim
that the answer is Darmok i don't know
which ones fine episode but it's watches
the Watchers which ones that it's the
one where the primitive culture sees
Picard they think he's gone oh yeah you
like it rings like leader on the ships
turned whole I'm not a God he's trying
to explain what technology is you like
that one cuz it's all like sure it's a
good gets a fine drama it's fine yeah I
kind of like any episode that had breaks
before he had the beard
I liked him clean-shaven fuck did I
watch Grey's Anatomy no honestly I
they're probably the only person out
there who like vows that they really
ought to watch more television and then
doesn't everybody's like they watch too
much it's not that I do anything like
lofting intellectual and special with
the extra time or something I mean I
screw around an animal crossing and
screw around on the internet but I'm
watched a lot of TV
there's a new twin beats yeah starting
like Sunday is it like a reboot or not
same guy hmm
popular show yeah so that's when it's
like you know Santos Alaska or something
right
or was that am I thinking of something
else you everything at a Northern
Exposure have you been watching American
Gods is that based on um
gaming diamond however you say his
name's book yes which I haven't read
I've heard a number of his books but I
haven't read that one
Oh Twin Peaks is in the Washington State
cuz I seem to remember like mountains in
the background or something yeah the
greatest generation is that a movie
about the Second World War or something
am I worried that Ben is trying to steal
away rich was sex
oh that ban I wonder why you guys were
saying Ben I I didn't see the actual
text because he accidentally deleted it
and then he felt bad but he told me
about it this is Ben I'll be there in
ten
I told him he should have responded this
is rich what up bitch and I like the way
he like took a picture of his boob oh
the handmaidens tale I have not seen it
yet that's not who lo I think I don't
have Julio we've got amazon prime and
netflix
and while I can justify Netflix because
it's Netflix and I can justify Amazon
Prime because I like being able to order
shit and have it show up a day later or
less I don't know if there's anything
else I would watch on Hulu for the
unsolved mysteries available on Amazon
Prime now it might be now I haven't
watched Silicon Valley okay thank you
Lord Belmont they sent us a tip and they
said I think it's pronounced we so we
sound might be I I you know I've only
seen it in print yeah I don't know I
mean if you're especially if you start
talking about like Central European
names I mean the the W's become movies
and SS can become Z's and did you listen
to read to the disaster artist yes was
good what was that about tell me why so
oh that's why it's familiar
did you play outlast - nope would you
recommend it was the horror game why
would I play outlast - would you buy
like survival or isn't that kind of what
that mall zombie game the you know I
guess that's that's some kind of goofy
adventure game but that happens to have
zombies but you're trying to survive in
a mall it's really not like I don't want
a horse it's not really for final horn
I'm supposed to scare you okay
and staying alive was a big challenge
don't not really so Dead Rising so it's
about managing a timer and whack lead
playing around with zombies it's fine
game fine game they want to know if you
would recommend buying strafe if for a
person who's a fan of first-person
shooters you need to like halfway ah
roguelikes and they say get prey capital
P I don't have funny time for praying
keep talking about all you want if I
played barely had time to play strength
have I played Zelda Ocarina of Time I
haven't as a 3d was he almost certainly
heaven
I've watched employee I'm a lazy ass
when it comes to games they are
anonymous gave you a tip and says rich
hopefully after leaving the bar you
don't contract AIDS and really really go
there
and from what stepping on a rock or
going to a gay bar and a skip uh yeah
good luck you gonna they're going on I
make I make dark jokes all the time it's
no good that's fine these people who
have an obsession with gay bars if
you're so interested up go to one it's
because of the last episode I hear
they're they can be a really good time I
think they're popular they're popular
with a lot of women because they know
that the guys there are not going to be
hidden Adam well then I guess there are
other guys who show up because they know
there are women we're going to be there
we're going to think other guys will be
hitting on so you know
it's an arms race there's a game called
what happened to eateth Finch that
they're interested ask me very generally
about my new job it's in the healthcare
related field its direct interaction
with the patients
I told you about when my dad talked
about my dad when he was living at the
YMCA
doo-doo-doo-doo well you can tell me now
well um years and years and years ago he
he and his first wife got married really
young and things didn't work out and
when they split up he went briefly
because it was you know affordable and
close yet work into the city to live in
the YMCA but people kept the guys there
assumed that because I guess most of the
guys who were living there at the time
were gay they assumed that he was gay
although he wasn't gay you know he was a
married separated from spouse with two
kids guy who didn't happen to be gay and
so he he did eventually you know move
out of there and move in with a sister
because it was a little awkward but
right but IIT got hit out a lot
yeah he got hit out a lot and he was
cute and my dad you know he's
soft-spoken I mean I I could see if he's
living in the YMCA you could easily I
mean anybody could be gay whether
they're butch or not but yeah my dad
sure I could see them thinking that if
you're living at the YMCA in the 70s but
as it happened he wasn't which one which
one what dr. Chuck but says where the
fuck is that bald motherfucker
really really are you supposed to be on
my side
me and my dear side what did rich have
for lunch today I don't know I was a
work food probably
nice no I don't think he was eating some
goddamn eggs you don't like me so your
egg the word about eggs well you like
omelets yeah I hate the smell of eggs I
always have
they say I'm proof that the abuse
doesn't stop when you when you get away
from Mike hey you tease me too oh I sure
do you see the bald guys clearly - well
where is Jack I don't know he's running
late today he had other obligations I
doesn't know what they are
this is what happens when you have a
family yeah probably taking care of his
kids or something I mean you know we
could make up some story about how he's
saving space aliens or something but
he's probably just making dinner for the
book for the children or something
well you know say if it's us it's an
abortion but it's chicken tooth an
omelette it's not a fertilized egg
usually when you're when you're eating
chicken eggs so it's been Streisand yeah
it's like a chicken parry no kinda yeah
closer yes that's what it is right I
mean you know a lot more blood involved
but whole point is you shed that egg
right yeah all right yeah I think a
chicken period is probably more more apt
way putting it and chicken had its
period I ate it
YUM it was delicious
definitely chickens have but China's
chickens have Chloe cos which is not
something I would choose for myself to
pee Jana but I guess it works for
chickens it's in everything it's an
all-purpose entry to the chicken that
does serves all of the chickens bottom
half hole needs what do you think of
reports that the Justice League has had
so many reshoots it has essentially been
remade and that more reshoots are coming
soon and I think the same thing I
thought about every single DC movie said
it's tired and sad and they give the tip
and why would you have any hope for this
movie I don't understand that we need to
talk about that like it's just something
shocking like you don't want to be
shocking DC's the justice league hasn't
had any reshoots that would be shocking
somebody read a youtube comment the
speculated Adam and Eve's forbidden
fruit was an egg I know nothing about
that but my Google X it's an owner
concept there wasn't an Adam and Eve so
I've heard it speculated that it was a
pomegranate oh I don't know I mean who
knows maybe the tree of fruit knowledge
of knowledge the fruit of the tree of
knowledge of good and evil
if there was literally such a tree which
it's not necessarily the case maybe it
was blue who knows he was 6 feet tall
nice nice I have to run any good DC
movies I'm trying to think I wanted to
well there was one and I can't think of
what a one DC Cinematic Universe movie
specifically he go back like Lego bad
Dark Knight like yeah Lego Batman
talking about I have not seen your Man
of Steel which I don't think you've seen
I it sounded like like a version of
Superman that is a version of humanity
that I'm not crazy about like Superman
is a selfish dick yes I mean there
enough selfish dicks in the real world
about watching the movie well a Superman
who cares nothing about collateral
damage yeah Batman vs Superman and
Suicide Squad you haven't seen it and
upcoming Wonder Woman which is not out
yet so you haven't seen it when did they
going to do a Black Widow movie which I
know is not deceived don't look at me
don't look at me or Squirrel Girl movie
I want to squirrel a movie so bad
the Garden of Eden is speculated to be
an extremely early failed attempt at
farming where people didn't know what
they were doing and of salting the earth
well depending on where the water table
is salinization from irrigation is a
huge problem in much of of the cradle of
civilization not a corridor I didn't go
down
you wouldn't know I don't know why I'm
asking maybe not maybe I did in fact get
everything right I don't know that even
now that even like in places like
California I don't know that even now we
have good ways of completely eliminating
practically eliminating without just
flooding it down you know driving it
down with luck with more water
salinization of the soil but anyway
why does salt kill soil because my hands
for the same reason it kills you too
much of it is salty much of it causes
tasty sure absolutely
too much of it is large amounts of salt
are going to take the water out of your
cells never washes downstream whatever
never gets flushed out salted earth it
does if you get enough rain or
irrigation water that's that will push
it down past the level the plants are at
but if you just irrigating the top of it
the minerals tend to err tend they'll be
left behind when the water evaporates Oh
glutton somebody mentioned gluten did I
did I show you that picture of the plate
Oh
like seriously I saw the hand of
play-doh and it's
I'd like in giant letters gluten-free
and then underneath of that it said
non-toxic is if like the most important
thing when I'm buying your toy for my
kid is whether or not it has gluten not
you're not supposed to eat the play-doh
yeah you know and it doesn't taste good
why is gluten a weird new age thing well
gluten is there's why is it a weird new
age
you make I make friends and enemies like
crazy talking about gluten okay well
gluten for a certain subset of the
population they are genuinely not want
to take gluten because it causes their
like an autoimmune response or something
and it makes the body destroy the villi
the little it makes your body destroy
your intestinal wall yeah and it that
can also predispose one to intestinal
cancer and Mount Nutrition of course and
it's not good but that's small portion
of the population other peeps some
people think that a lot of people are
sensitive to it whether they are or not
you know if you say you you get bloated
when you eat it or this with that I mean
maybe maybe not
it's hard to prove what does or doesn't
happen to an individual or why you know
at the level of one person but but then
you've got people the whole paleo crowd
who are saying that our ancestors didn't
eat gluten which is true if you go back
far enough before we farmed we didn't
need pluton but does that mean that we
can't eat it now or that humans are
incapable the digestion that would be
silly
exactly well I mean people will argue
both ways that celiac disease when you
yeah when your when your intestinal
villi or villi or whatever they are
being are being destroyed when you eat
gluten yeah that's celiac disease and
it's statistically relatively uncommon
but those people really do how
have to avoid gluten hardcore but
play-doh really play-doh you're not
supposed to eat the play-doh you lactose
tolerance it's yes some humans are
lactose tolerant especially humans that
are from parts of the world where people
have been eating dairy for a long time
most of the world is lactose intolerant
as adults young children are all pretty
much lactose tolerant also yeah we're
mammals we lactate and all that good
stuff
Lord Beau Belmont says it's extremely
small subset of population to legit can
eat gluten the others are just new age
hipster idiots well that's certainly one
school of thought I mean you could start
a war talking about gluten go ahead I'm
down for a battle no I mean that's
pretty much it
lactose intolerance is like linked to
white Europeans no lactose tolerance is
linked to white Europeans and people
from some parts of Africa who also what
have been dairy hurting people for a
long for a long period of time and most
of the rest of the world are lactose
intolerant as adults lactose intolerance
is kind of the default normal for humans
does mommy milk have lactose it sure
does and young children digest lactose
just fine but in most humans
yeah India there might be some Indians
who are lactose tolerant in most humans
the genes that make lactase which breaks
down lactose those genes shut off
somewhere in childhood
in humans that are descended from groups
that have had dairy cows for long
periods of time a higher percentage of
people maintain the ability to digest
lactose into adulthood you had to get 10
different tests to have celiac diagnosed
I know it's not common oh she says we
girls just love you thanks so much for
stopping by and being awesome Oh miss
bration to millions of people who aren't
here hmm because there's only hundreds
oh I don't like milk I don't I don't
like drinking milk to me it tastes weird
but I like ice cream and I like cheese
and all that crap that gets made out of
milk
this air should be on best the worst I
don't really like bad news be terrible
yeah you just look at me being like are
we going to watch another bad movie she
would she would fall asleep and missed
most of the movies yeah you you can't
stay away from good movies this is true
- do have a problem with falling asleep
during movies I mean you're sitting
still in a dark Theater with your feet
up I mean it's comfortable
traveler if gluten makes you bleed
internally don't eat gluten and they're
dead every person is an individual and
if you think something is causing you
harm obviously don't do that thing
shut up need a piece of bread
how's he hippie huh you know what makes
me bleed internally shanks chopped up
broken glass I had a big glass this
morning and just did not agree
this is what do you care rich you're
playing games on your phone half the
time they don't know you very well do
they it was only like two years ago that
we finally got this guy set up with an
actual smartphone he doesn't play games
on his phone please if you can while you
play that thousand 24 whatever it's like
some kind of math what I can it's no
yeah you thought I was gonna say
menstruation there I just did but uh
yeah Richard do you even play games on
the tablet at all no do you believe in
ghosts or scopes
what's this ghost something you made up
for every something I mispronounced
ghosts before do I fall asleep when
driving I have a knock do you believe in
ghosts not while I'm driving
I believe so you just don't believe in
ghosts when you're driving do I believe
in gum do you believe in ghosts only
asking me I'm asking you asking you know
why the fuck would I believe in ghosts I
am deeply deeply skeptical I mean I it's
conceivably possible I certainly have
heard things that sounded supernatural
from people I would consider very
practical and and not meant not crazy or
flighty or whatever I am make me wander
I do not believe in an afterlife because
I have seen no examples of consciousness
without a brain generating that
consciousness I believe there's no
mechanism for a goes to existence
absence of proof proof of absence no but
it's certainly not a reason to believe
in it though so you're kind of like
agnostic about the ghost yes
I'm agnostic about religion what would I
do not think there is definitely 100% no
God well what I do for a Klondike bar I
would I would get off my ass and walk
over to the refrigerator and open the
door
our or if need be I might drive to
Walmart but you know this commercials
always fury ated me I mean if you want
to conduct bar get go to the supermarket
I see those people hopping around like
seals of a condor butts Klondike bar I'm
thinking I've got that dignity that's
what they think of me that's what they
think of me yeah
they think I'm a Star Wars fan
yeah I've got some dignity I've also got
enough money to go to Walmart and buy a
Klondike bar I mean shit who you got to
be pretty broke you and broke people
have more dignity than the hop around
like seals for a Klondike bar
they say you're not a Star Wars fan you
like some barely tolerate most of it I
think that's true yeah I definitely
liked it when I was a kid like when
Return of the Jedi came out and I was
like little but I don't think it held up
that well when I got older
planting fires is this I don't like
Klondike bars I like the shell the ice
cream is alright the outside shell is
pretty good but the um who is it he's a
good diver or something somebody else
makes up like a nice dark rich chocolate
covered ice cream bar
my mom buys him some time and they're
really good Oh an Eskimo pies are good
to finish her explorations down there
they want to know if we've seen turbo
kid yes it was great
she hasn't that's a movie I saw it it
sounds like an 80s intento game I saw it
here that everyone knows dogs bars we
are still living down there if it's a
movie you can probably assume I haven't
seen it because there's glee more movies
that I haven't seen than I have seen
yeah that's pretty safe assumption there
there are things that rich and I have in
common
lots of things that rich and I have in
common but he's way more into movies
than I am you shocked how many movies I
haven't seen run I really don't go out
and see everything beg that that is made
what are you playing with you're playing
with your mouse am i reading any good
books well I am kind of in the middle of
reading The Handmaid's Tale but honestly
I haven't been making any progress in it
because of work and before that I was
reading and I kind of put it on pause
and start to ring the Handmaid's Tale
but I was reading a book called
the bear in the night and get which was
kind of like a mix of like Russian
fairytales and stuff and kind of like
that
you're in Canada can you get Klondike
bars google it either google google that
question or google the Klondike bar
website or you know if all else fails
email the webmaster they can be great
telling you where where you can buy
something can I draw you know reasonably
well I'm not a terrific artist but I
draw well enough I'd say I probably job
you know better than average I'm not one
of those people who gets embarrassed
when somebody asked them to draw I can
usually draw things that look reasonably
like things and if I have a picture of
something and I want to you know copy it
I can do that when I eat a Klondike bar
does goodrich get jealous because of the
diabetes
he doesn't have diabetes
some jokes are can I explain gesture and
how to draw it to me uh no but can you
explain what gesture and how to draw it
I've heard of gesture drawing I can't
remember what it is though they're proud
of you and your indifference to Taco
Bell
you know Taco Bell the water somewhere
the Taco Bell and kentucky fried chicken
and pizza hut are all run by the same
people and they're all terrible yeah I
mean their business model is we're going
to call it
ix meal of the day and we're going to
we're going to put cheese and chicken
we're going to have four layers of
cheese with twelve layers of chicken and
and we're gonna we're going to have more
saturated fat than anybody else and
we're gonna and then like they had that
deal where like the chicken supposedly
or the beef to be to be considered beef
it had to be like 39% beef which I would
think something would have to be like
half or more and but they weren't
meeting that threshold or something so I
mean I I do occasionally get a taste for
a Taco Bell burritos though I do
it's the sour cream and I think they
should call their beef like they should
spell it funny like so you know it's not
really beef the y-yeah
the yff or something beef
it lets them save on space cow caustic
creme of KFC next to a Taco Bell
sometimes those things are in the same
like building and Pizza Hut kind of last
time I had them they were just bad and
that was a while ago I remember they
were decent when I was a kid but
possible especially possibly kids have
weird taste beef be ey FF I like gesture
is a weird thing about drawing that
nobody in the world can properly explain
it like we just kind of like - off this
general semblance of something I don't
know I'm not in our teast I mean I make
stuff and I'm not embarrassingly bad at
drawing but if you want all the art
terms and stuff probably not the right
person to ask KFC is good grilled
chicken and there's actually the only
place that has coleslaw that I like I
don't like most coleslaw taco bell
reminds me of the cheap meat at the
supermarket called fu D food yeah with
like a straight line over the you smell
beef like you're cheating at Scrabble
which of the five senses is the most
primary smell labels precise and most
ignored smell is the most evocative I
mean I still remember what my
grandmother's kitchen smelled like as
and as I'll smell things and they'll
remind me of I doubt from years ago I
think I have an extraordinarily
underdeveloped sense of smell yeah
obviously this sighted people are very
reliant on site and really excite is
probably this the sense that most people
would at least like to lose though you'd
be kind of fucked if you had no sense of
touch
yeah being deaf could definitely be
isolating particularly if you weren't
born deaf fuck because then it's it's
you know harder to communicate with
people and sign language or anything of
course deafness now if somebody wasn't
born deaf I think they usually probably
get a cochlear implant
okay lo there's a tip from lone are calm
they say hi rich you're a good person
even though I disagree with your opinion
on RTS games
RT at real time real time strategy also
hi Karen what colorful language you use
on rich or what colorful language you
use on rich when you're mad at him Emma
I don't really swear when I'm mad do I I
don't want some you whoa
we don't really well you get cranky when
you wake up well yeah it's certainly
swearing it's just yeah
you shortened yeah good morning good
morning yeah what do you want I just
woke up yeah leave me alone I just woke
up please leave me alone
yeah I'm not I'm not I don't like
dealing with other game terrible thing
about afflicted with consciousness yeah
yeah I wake up you know mad at the world
for forcing me to be awake so but but I
don't know I mean we don't really we go
along pretty good I mean we have lived
together enough in our lifetime that we
we don't really push each other's
buttons too much because there's not
really appointed and we don't really
want to win the battle and lose the war
I mean we used to have some pretty good
arguments and fights uncoupled us and we
just we've grown up
have rich restarts take a drink I was
almost dead check fax says he's drunk
already hey how much coffee do I need to
wake up I didn't really drink coffee
like making coffee in the morning just
seems too much like work like I
literally want to do as little as
possible in the morning I like eat a
granola bar and put out of my clothes
and and and hope nobody looks at me or
talks to me I just don't like mornings I
really don't sometimes I drink like
energy drinks
probably terrible for you but so be it
so people do drink insane amounts of
coffee and honestly I don't know how
they don't have diarrhea all the time
because if I if I drink an excessive
amount of caffeine it just doesn't agree
with me and we'll just leave it at that
coffee is just bitter I don't I don't
yeah okay you don't even like coffee
flavored stuff oh I know the deaf
community are adamant that they don't
need to be fixed and I'm not trying to
force hearing or English on anybody who
doesn't want it that it does get to be a
touchy issue when wouldn't we start when
the deaf community and parents and
family members start disagreeing about
whether or not to give cochlear implants
to young children because the children
can't make a choice for themselves and
because if you get a cochlear implant
when you're younger it makes it easier
for you to learn to process language but
you know I mean anybody who's in the
delts speak whatever language you feel
comfortable with
any a coffee yeah I've heard people
build a resistance to coffee or if I
felt comfortable talking Swahili and
only Swahili ever well you could talk
Swahili but you would have to probably
deal with the you would have the
freedoms bucks whiny Li but you would
have to deal with the consequence of me
not understanding a damn thing you were
saying this is why deaf people don't
like the idea of cochlear implants yeah
that means some people do that means
both it means the death of sign language
I know I know and that's okay it is what
it is in silent which is beautiful it is
I mean that's arguably selfish because
if you can fix kids ear yes probably fix
that kid's ear I've what I've watched
documentaries about like the you know
argument and people make good arguments
both ways I mean I'm probably prejudice
because I'm hearing but if I if I hit a
child I would want them to be able to
interact with the hearing were such a
huge part of the population most of the
population but if you're a deaf adult
and you only want to speak sign language
You Know Who am I to stop you you
wouldn't let me stop you if I wanted to
cochlear co h le r as i've been at the
studio all day I have not seen the Star
Trek Discovery trailer I didn't even
know it was available until the stream
started at which point I was too busy
streaming not seeing yet somebody said
if the kid doesn't like the cochlear
implant they can definitely sell well
yeah I mean if you what are the chance
the kids not going to like the cochlear
implant if you're if you're an adult and
you yeah I mean like they hear about
people who want to like cut off their
leg or something that's perfectly
healthy because they've got body
dysmorphic disorder I mean make sure
they're serious make sure they're not
going to change their mind then you know
I'm not you get to opt out on disability
when you have your own leg amputated
that's an interesting question let's
kind of like the seat belt question like
people are like well why do I have to
wear a seat belt and it's like well I
don't want to screw with your personal
freedom on the other hand I don't want
to necessarily pay via my taxes or my
health insurance for a completely
preventable brain injury that you're
going to need care for for the rest of
your life so you know go both ways
all right Jack still can't get away from
the home what times it's going on nine
okay probably no Jack tonight all right
do you my go till 10:00 yeah that's fine
we'll go to 10
no Jack tonight you're stuck with me
alright I'm gonna give this one more
good run then we're gonna switch it up
yeah play something else I'm gettin
tired of looking at this oh sorry I'm
having a bad night even if you're having
a good night I have done much better at
this game
I really have I'm having a bad night ok
the current time in Waukee Wisconsin is
there's a fraud bot what is that some
kind of said about is that like a joke
pot and somebody might have programmed a
competitor in a hack bot Oh Lord oh
there's Jack right there he says still
no wife at home she's well I get one
more good run fuck that it's warmed at
the beginning hopefully she's having a
good busy productive day at work or
she's got stuck in some of that
ridiculous
traffic there's like some disgusting
traffic going on northwest of here right
now why they're building some kind of
exchange or something but they've
literally got like bridges that stop in
the middle of like like looks like
something out of roller coaster tycoon
building can I move into the frame now
that jack is gone no she cannot
just tranquilize Jax children and lock
them in their rooms yeah but if you give
them like too much tranquilizer and they
die then you're like in for murder and
child neglect
but murder more rich do you like Alice
Cooper supposedly bit the heads off bats
or something not sure on all the songs I
hear them I'm a musical idiot what songs
are alice cooper's what band was Alice
Cooper think I was Cooper which is tell
us how's capricious Alice Cooper what
Alice Cooper do no call having listened
to that much Alice Cooper it's like Ozzy
and Alice and kind of 70s heavy-metal
it's probably good am i fully clothed
yeah pretty much
I'm naked from from the bicep down on my
arms and I think there's about an inch
of ankle showing and you can see my neck
in my head
naked from the neck up well in some
cultures that might be exposure but
usually yeah this isn't tyronn for most
for most Western European Christians I'm
dressed pretty conservatively they say
they need their fainting couch anything
you just kind of roll it along with you
in case you feel a faint coming on a
little syncope why do they need this
because I naked from from the now LS
Cooper was a fictional character in
Wayne's World now Alice Cooper was like
a 70s rock star or something it's just I
wasn't alive when he was big
I can't tell you anything about bands
and who did what I just I'm just not
that person tells Cooper just golf's now
probably he probably does a drug
commercials like Arnold Palmer was doing
with okay
it seemed that guy that was in weeds and
he was also Kevin Nealon yeah and uh
pretty sure Kevin Alice Cooper was real
well I don't know what his real name was
have I seen space cop I still haven't
you want to yes why because you're in it
Oh grab a copy and we'll just watch it
nobody in another room you know you
don't want to watch it one I hate
watching myself I can't stand watching I
loved you in that that Western or
musical I've watched that so many times
you're so cool thing alright it is
alright by me it might not be real gold
you see but it it tastes better with
salt and pepper
so the pyrite is alright by me
pyrite is not right baby it don't get
the bitches you see gold is better makes
pussy wetter the fire is not me and you
saying you made up those I'm a blur cuz
I'm a horrible person yes yeah oh I've
seen the scene where you were you well
you played a white rapper well I
actually haven't seen the first product
but I saw him dressing up for it and
they had some some nice woman who was
playing a newscaster and I think she
actually had worked at a food caster
before something but she was very
professional very if I were gonna hire
somebody to be a newscaster lady I would
pick her she was legit
and she was playing straight weapon to
your idiocy everything I give her credit
for that
to Karen
rich and Karen's saying the the songs of
red letter media mm now time out now on
Keitel records on no-tell records you
have pyrite yeah pirates kind of neat is
it all right by you that's all right by
me I mean I'd rather have gold you know
because you could sell it and get money
but I don't you don't care that it makes
pussies water uh what pussies
particularly those of other people are
not are not one of my major goals in
life or grade your concerns in life if I
happen to swim that way maybe it would
be but I don't your own count that's why
I said especially other people's okay
everything is better wetter everything
is not better wetter like I hate when he
takes a shower and there's water on the
floor and I'm wearing my socks and I get
water in my socks it's like I hate that
everything is not better wetter because
socks are not better weather better
wetter socks are definitely worse wetter
and wet bread is gross - I agree
you should always when you're making
peterborough and jelly should always
peanut butter both halves for like
insulation yeah dogs dogs are better dry
but like relatively clean wet dog
doesn't smell as bad as people make out
- smells like dog that's what it smells
really doggy but I don't hate the smell
of dog
well I guess you know swaddle fan it
depends on what the bread is wet with I
mean like it's what with gravy that
might be good
burning hairy is indeed a bad smell if
you OB in foods just wet bread right
it's yeah it's a kind of like sourdough
that you kind of different things out
there
I like EP open for I like all kinds of
different things not fully clean though
your zest
they still make cest this will makes
this so I don't know I don't know don't
hurt me the bread bowl soup is good all
like they got a Panera Panera is got
like a yuppie magnet like I was in the
Panera well I was actually not in the
Panera but I was riding the escalator
past up a narrow in the mall the other
day and there was like this whole line
of just they're all in their cellphones
and they all look like they just got off
of work and I got the little business
suits and it was like they got this
racket go and I got a line out the door
and like the food courts dead court
actually had good food but you like
Panera hey what happened I do but it's
like it's crazy how crowded it is I like
this one red like a bowl black as your
soul
yeah they don't do they I mean they have
pumpernickel bread bowl so that would be
good and it would be black black breads
good all this talk about food is making
epic Jack Jason Hungary and he's going
to go make dinner go for it
swaddle fences Karen said my name and
now I said it twice
the space cop break even I I don't know
artichoke dip not bad
pumpernickel definitely good Panera
Bread is the front for a drug dealer I
don't know about Panera Bread but I
think mattress firm is probably you know
if it were a front for a drug dealer it
would probably make just as much money
as a legit business there's there's a
town in the south south suburbs of
Chicago called Orland Park and there's a
street in the town called Lagrange Road
it's the same street as Manheim in
Chicago it's 96 West and in a span of
like 1 mile there are I'm not kidding 7
mattress firms and within a few miles
there are even more of them usually same
with that number I am I am staying firm
with that number and it's ridiculous
absolutely ridiculous
am i replacing Jack nobody could replace
Jack I've got a clone that looked and
thought just like Jack or like a
transporter accident version of Jack
it's not even just two bachelors firms
within a mile like on this street no
seriously there's a magic firm and then
there's like like literally like there's
match sperm and then there's something
else next to it and then there's a
little space and there's another strip
ball with another mattress firm on the
end closest to the other mattress firm
and then across the street there's
another one so like literally in your
there are places in that town where
within your field of view at once you
can have nug one not two but three
masters firms which is just crazy and I
bought my mattress on the Internet
I'll even know who's buying all these
mattresses I got mine on Amazon it came
in a box and you like and it was like
vacuum seal and it puffed up and it's
fine
fucker a changeling a changeling of Jack
isn't changing like some kind of like
folklore stuff how people explain like
if their kid had some kind of problem
that wasn't didn't manifest immediately
at Birth that they thought that like
elves had replaced the kid or something
like maybe the kid had liked a Sox or
something you know where they look
normal at birth and it manifests early
in childhood
kid would switch but with fairies has
something
and I think it's mostly because you know
there there are some conditions that
children are born with but that aren't
immediately apparent like Rhett syndrome
things where children in the early
months of life look like other children
and become progressively more
handicapped later on and so their
parents said well they must have gotten
replaced by fairies make sense yeah
that's enough skidding or art yeah
autism some children with with autism
well even most children I mean y'all I
older and you can't not you I love you
you can't diagnose one way or another
but yes some children with autism
manifest symptoms when there are a
couple years old when they seemed more
neurotypical when they were younger
no Jack still isn't there suck with me
for it is not gonna be here he had other
other pressing yeah I got a text he's
not gonna be around stuck at my saggy
ass yeah and his Gameboy game it's
probably better better resolution than
Game Boy and Game Boy had some shitty
ass resolution
Eve I don't know who they are that are
giving you a diagnosis that you don't
like but maybe you should talk to a
different set of people take Jack seed
I'm already in Jack seed she's invisible
yeah I'm invisible am i reading tips I
don't think I'm this day was it just I
think I read the justice yeah look it's
possible here we go there could be a
problem with the tips tonight I don't
think I've failed to read any that are
visible in that column if there was
another tip that you read the one on top
yeah that I couldn't see I'm sorry about
that it's possible there's some kind of
technical issue but I'm seeing tips yeah
we're seeing tips and the tips that I
save you have read if you've tipped and
you haven't we haven't read it say
something in the chat because as far as
I know right now we're getting
everything yeah Sonny would know the
name performed foreign film with a woman
and a bath sedated
I do not know 20 20 24 hours ago
I wanna be sedated I know you guys were
waiting for Jack and and and now you're
stuck with me and it's awesome solid and
he couldn't he couldn't do it after all
I'm his lux
thing happened they said they asked
which of your fetishes I would be
willing to share in their tip ah sex
life is shockingly boring yeah if we are
really vanilla I I mean we we do not
I've got no problem with anybody any
consenting adults doing whatever they
want with any other consenting adults
right but myself I'm pretty dull
they say you like cheese in your mouth I
think you definitely like cheese in your
mouth another sexual thing after sexual
reasons but yeah and what was the name
of the movie I made you watch it where
the the woman had a stroke or something
and like her kids thought that finding
out that the Cold War had ended and East
Germany my London yeah that was it I
liked that movie she had a stroke or
something the kids went to this like
went through this elaborate ruse to try
to make it look like East Germany was
still under communist she was a happy
communist yeah she was a happy communist
it's a neat concept the one know if you
like a strong or more mild she's you
like pretty mild cheese's I think don't
you think rich yeah I hate Swiss Swiss
is not strong whatever
it's like mild cheddar over sharp every
time I go to the cheese castle just
about because I go to the cheese castle
whenever I head to Illinois what a
cheese it tastes like soap oh yeah they
had a lavender cheese and it kind of did
taste and smell like soap but it was
also kind of good because it was the
weirdest thing you need a dove bar well
you know it tastes more soapy at the
first moment you eat it and then the
taste lesson was there showing goodbye
Lennon in high school in German class I
don't think the movie when did I come
out it might have been out and might uh
yeah I'm not sure well there's only a
few years after the actually the wall
fell yeah yeah I think I think we were
in about 8th grade when the Berlin Wall
fell well thanks to that monster closets
fest from no good reason I lost sort of
help they want to know how to get a
girlfriend they're in med school they
were wondering if they know what to do'
is two different questions they want to
know how to get a girlfriend their mom
said they're smart and handsome but no
one else seems to think so
keep trying they never cared before but
now their little brother's gay and they
have to start thinking about it it is a
big and diverse world out there you need
to meet why do you have to start
thinking about it because your brother's
gay I guess maybe the parent wants
children and maybe it's a challenge it's
not the gay people never have children
but it's certainly logistically easier
to make a child with someone of the
opposite sex yes
I say just be patient and meet more
people more diverse people you know get
out there and be you and stop stressing
about it and it'll come alright Rick you
said anonymous know you know you're
smart you're compassionate you use cups
to catch flies to kept to live capture
release them outside I know you're sweet
you're thoughtful you like me for some
reason you're smart you're adorable and
this person says their girlfriend is
from Brazil and in is in med school and
she was wondering if I know the past she
would need to take to work as a doctor
in the USA I am not the person to ask
her as what you would call a beginner I
am I am a beginner in my field I do not
have a lot of connections which makes
things tricky because a lot of people do
but I'm just trying to throw myself out
there and get into something completely
new I am NOT an insider but maybe if you
ask the question on Quora someone might
answer who would know thank you for the
for the tip that was comics and 120 and
the girlfriend question was about
anonymous Len flick-flick Sinskey let's
see they want to know if guardians to
things make them feel old the 37 and
they read an OK profile a day that said
no old guys 35 and under only also I
actually like the Star Trek discovery
trailer looks fun well do little things
make me feel old
Wow you know I've made my peace with
feeling yeah a lot of things make me
feel old no and I just well you know I'm
getting old it happens and it means you
didn't die young so it's ultimately a
good thing yeah it depends on who you're
with I mean sometimes I'm with 50 arad
70 year olds and I feel young when I'm
with 15 year olds I feel Lane Junt I'm
not you know we're we're in the same
general age group as you if people don't
the people who are saying that 35 over
35 is an old guy are probably in their
early 20s and when you're in your early
20s
you have a different view of 37 you know
you think by the time of 37 I'll feel
all grown up and I'll I'll have this and
I'll have that and I'll have my shit
together and then you realize now you're
probably always going to feel like you
and always feel like you're not really a
genuine grown-up and always feel you
know I wouldn't worry about it though
actually that was bgb live Len flans
Lozinski says he thinks keeps showing up
too at the same time which makes me
wonder like at the same second almost
which makes me wonder and it was there
was a shoe glitch but they said it's
guardians to on par with fury road in
terms of studio films you love no do you
want to describe your erode might be my
favorite movie of all time do you want
to describe in further detail what you
love now that Jack's gone Jackson the
Chad my watch that watch the half in the
bag I would say my thoughts tend to echo
to echo along with Mike and Jason
thoughts I mean I it wasn't my new
favorite movie but I enjoyed it very and
soup yeah yep I think I enjoyed the
first one more which might put me in the
minority I don't know I'm not sure not
sure what it was fun
thirty-five is middle-aged you know
forty is middle-aged whatever funds on
how long you plan on living I mean
niggas you know filo to be 150 is
middle-aged foreign plans I'm living to
a hundred if you die young it's a
tragedy if you live old it's said
there's nothing wrong with good old yeah
it beats the alternative
you know who didn't have to be old Kurt
Cobain you know who didn't experience
anything that happened after 1995 Kurt
Cobain and you know that his comments
his commentary is would have been gold
and the last umpteen presidential
administrations I mean he was very
politically minded I'm sure he would
have had plenty to say about this
president the last president the one
before him but I mean who was president
when he died Bill Clinton's first term
was it really I think it might have been
yeah getting elderly sounds terrible but
you know it's not like it basically like
my mom my mom I said you're probably
going to her her uh people in her family
on her mother's side anyway tend to be
kind of long lived right and a lot of
them have lived to be old
so I said to I said you probably lived
to be ninety she goes I don't wanna live
to be ninety I said you want to die
tomorrow she goes no I said well you
probably gonna say the same thing
tomorrow and the next day and the day
after and then you know that's how it
happens
nobody says I want to live to be ninety
or not it doesn't work like that it's
you know you live till tomorrow and
you're only one day older but it adds up
it adds up quickly but you know what do
you I do
her Cobain would still be alive eating
heroin sandwiches I would hope that he
would have you know some people overcome
the drug you know what the divorce
probably would have done him a lot of
good huh I don't know you think Courtney
was bad for him it was Courtney how
badly was Courtney as nuts before he
died I mean I know she had some drug
issues but did she just kind of go off
the deep end when he when he killed
himself did that make her crazier so I
remember watching a thing on like vh1 or
something where she literally crashed
somebody else's interview and she was
not okay but was she not okay because of
her death that is an interesting
question Karen I do not know the answer
it said she this person was saying she
was a drunk E and abusive when she was
married him I don't know I've never seen
any thing that suggested that she was
abusive but that doesn't mean that that
didn't exist fuck ah uh the Ayatollah of
rock and Rolla
what is that from is that from like Mad
Max road warrior okay I thought maybe it
was from good morning Vietnam or
something that's not like running around
and said said love you too we love you
too I was lured you might have a Miracle
Mile scenario where you both got 24-hour
head start on it and the apocalypse
zombie nuclear viral or all of the above
well that doesn't sound good
would you tell anyone and would you run
or hunker down run if there was a zombie
apocalypse I think I would just off
myself if it was like definite I know
you don't like that answer but I mean my
goodness if it's like one of those like
if I had to live like The Walking Dead
lifestyle I think I'd rather not
you presume it would be like The Walking
Dead well yeah you presume you presume
like I love zombie movies I really love
zombie movies but you bruise oom it
would have a chance in hell have started
of getting out of hand if if a zombie
were even possible
this depends on how contagious it is i
guess if they're sprinters you're in a
lot more trouble yeah like in the movie
with the world wars emu yeah yeah yeah
book nothing like the book you read the
bar right of course what do you think I
like the book not as much as I like the
Zombie Survival Guide don't tell them
how amazing World War Z is or and or the
Zombie Survival Guide it's it's just
realistic and it follows like zombies
through history it's got like how the
Romans dealt with the survivalists yeah
how the Egyptians dealt with the zombies
see the best part of the zombie survival
in Romans yeah the zombie survival guide
does not treat it like a joke okay it
got billed as a comedy that book but no
it's it was written oh it's the Jew way
it's written like if the Romero movies
were a thing this is what you probably
want to do and that's what's great about
the Zombie Survival Guide it is
practical advice but it is Jay have you
read it it's really not I highly
recommend it
there's no joke in that book for
Halloween my mom dressed up as Kurt
Cobain with a bullet in his head well
first I all right your mom was awesome
favourite Led Zeppelin song or album
same for Michael Jackson favorite Led
Zeppelin song would be Kashmir do you
have one no favorite favorite Michael
Jackson's song I think it well you know
it
the lyrics are repetitive but I have to
say yeah Oh master Closet did it do did
it I'd smooth criminals pretty good bad
and thriller I mean all you know his
early hits Billie Jean I mean they were
good songs I really love alien and farms
cover of smooth criminal too
I don't know what was wrong in my exciti
Michael Jackson's head I mean he was he
started out rich handsome talented
there's it's sad when that's not enough
they want you to play something more
calming what do you what do you want - I
already know what we're doing this green
saber of flowers there's no discussion
this is a fucking fascist dictatorship
not a democracy huh might have to find
my copy of it just wrap it up look we're
going to wrap it up and we want to wrap
it up okay damn land down Lauryn huh
yeah
hopefully I have a damn copy of it
what's in this one they say you should
dress up a Steve Irwin with a stinger
coming out of your chest yeah because
that's tactful probably under I am
sitting in a comfy chair I'm sitting on
the couch on the mirror-image chef of
we're just sitting you want you to play
rock band for no never actually never is
that one of those like games where you
play the fake guitar yeah
I've seen people play that they're like
ridiculously good at it sure but it's
just not remember though that's not for
me
we used to go to the Windy City
Thunderbolts baseball games down south
over here yeah okay I'm wondering how
this relates do you remember we went to
we went to like one of their little meet
& Greets
where there they actually ended up
winning the series that year but
remember their third manager they're
asking him how how how you gonna do oh
we're gonna try um like hopefully we
won't suck I forget what he said but
like it's like a new the Newt that the
team won in 2007 the minor league
baseball team we used to cuz at the
second year they wanted yeah they won't
they want it all in 2007 they had like a
freakin 725 fan we after it and that was
after never having had a winning record
before that was after it never having a
winning record yeah and the next year
after have they get a new coach like the
returning champion team with an
unbelievable record from last year I
how'd you get to do this year's uh you
know we might maybe we'll try our best
so given the Chicago Cubs when they're
having a shitty here like they're like
oh we're gonna win yeah we're gonna do
it we're confident we got a great team I
mean that's what you say when you're in
that position you know it's like Dick
Cheney when he shot the guy in the face
it's like you have a canned speech about
a horrible tragedy and then prayers for
the family you don't hide it I mean
there's just certain things when things
happen you just it's your job to say
it's particular can shit and he didn't
seem to be capable of doing that like
everybody else no he should
we got another tip from this crash no
maybe not wait let me see
not that this bgb lives is rich I just
played doom 2016 last night raising time
I'm awful at first-person shooters but I
loved it your review is part of the
reason I even got it thank you
why'd you enjoyed it alright we're just
gonna have to do this no fear no and
visas I can't wait to tell kids in 2025
Dick Cheney shot a guy they will not
believe me yeah it was it was just it
was weird the cover-up was weird the
fact that there was an ad on e accident
and nobody meant to and fine just say
the usual can shit about it being an
accident a tragedy and blah blah blah
prayers blah blah blah you know like you
know when you when you're in certain
jobs you just you did your job to say
certain shit it's weird when people
don't get that when they're like you
know the high-ranking positions well I
assume it was an accident I mean I'm not
inside Dick's head
and to whom it up do I do Touma that is
whoever made that doom it up thing that
is like the best thing ever aspect
seriously aspect ratio is gonna be you
know we're gonna be shrunken and a
shrunken the you know whatever but yeah
I knew I knew that I know get that
reaction out of you all right let me
move these cuz that's I'm looking
through these stickers somebody somebody
sent us like a box full of just stickers
and Karen is going through them right
now she's been going through the mall
stream just to see if there's anything
she likes it her you picked on some but
Mike picks out some earlier and I got
one that's got it's got them it's like
the Abbey Road walking across the road
thing except that people excuse me
walking across the road are the Michelin
Man the Pillsbury Doughboy Stay Puft
Marshmallow Man and baymax yeah hey you
ready are you ready for some bookworm I
know you're ready for some bookworm is
ready for some bookworm here you are
they ready for some bookworm I can't
you're better than me at this games you
were taking the mouse okay but I'm tired
of partly gonna suck today no yeah you
doing please you're a freaking savant at
this thing it's a fun game rich do you
have an S classic no as I have a PC and
I'm not an idiot
I like the Ness classic it's dumb it's
the dumbest thing it's over priority
games I've had an emulator I have a
fucking emulator but it's nice and later
with travel there's some more settings
then the fucking Ness classics could
ever fucking dream of oh we're like way
at the beginning error we had to rinse
all this oh my god
this is the first level all right let's
see how will we ever find the Queen
I'm sure you'll run into that bitch
perhaps I can assist oh who are you
for now I am but a whisker of advice for
now I'm about a public domain
cat trust not your eyes everything warps
in this place on your tile hack the
nests classic to use an emulator why
would you hack an s classic to use an
emulator you can take an old NES gut it
put a fucking Raspberry Pi in there and
then just use the nests I wanted to do
that once I started working on it and I
I stopped I forgot why but I had an old
mess that wasn't working I had it
hollowed out what's going on you're
looking for a word here looking for a
word that's both that that's a good word
yeah
and that uses three you know well this
is I don't know if we get the the magic
you don't get it yet like every rises
all three colors normally this is this
is soon as the tutorial has yet so far
into it so so early in it see we usually
just replay the same one you see that
glowing e those are you spell words with
those you get like bonus damage your
extra held you get something you use
three different color ones in the same
word you get a rainbow gem that is like
a wild card yes it is a wild card that
doubles your score on that and usually
we just replay the same quest so that
we've got everything unlocked and we can
just play it and have all the power-ups
and shit which are fun but since we
restarted this and this is near the
beginning they haven't introduced the
wild card in idioms let's see we
refurbished try it sir my gosh no no
there's no age sodium furious
and if I see words in the chat somebody
saying briefed debrief - Steve briefed
them
Trent debriefed is there Karen with the
suffix get you ahead look for the
suffixes the rush is on the end much
more better in the chat with briefed
with the base word redacted steam titles
a tough ok well the you know what the
title on the overlay fuck that shit
that can stay I will change it in no you
just do green Channel it's out I doubt
if it has bookworm adventures doctors
that's us it does by gum what goodbye
what huh
what never mind that take so long to
explain for to little benefit I found
the name of the game in little list of
menu select game things food and I
started explaining it it took too long
and there's no value to be explaining it
harmful no no L doctors whoops there's
not only one oh yeah whoops
factored yeah I'm going to use like the
real power-ups like the good ones then
it turns into like wrecking balls and
things when you have a really good
undulating whomped and it's great meat
yeah
remember when we're playing this with
the Wendy's ad guy and his fiancee yeah
and they were so dumb we introduced into
this game and some people pick this game
up well like his brother came over and
he's like he looked he goes Oh Terrapin
and it was there and that was legit but
they were like duh duh
you're golly guy atomized
yeah like reducted our top list of words
is pretty cool not here this is a fresh
install no at home that we play this a
lot I washed and Wow wait wait wait
Wendy's guys still around no this is
years ago this is many years ago
if you wanna go house no I'm looking for
things this dead this won't be on your
normal standards no I was it conferred
at their words that that had house
before after you know like doghouse er
yeah whorehouse I suck at these games my
word a few things back was B's mash I'm
sorry sorry
fast Hosea
see I'm saying saute nobody's seeing any
good ones but work out shamed I don't
that's a word it will take somebody
saying our house shouted out house
ooh
oh that's a good one it was our house
was our house Narnia
I doubt it's going to take that it's
fictional somebody got on house I got to
read their name it's silly if we go that
was touch football fighting without
house for the win yeah Nirvana whoo also
for the win
he's the one who looks oh pretty
something likes to sing alone any likes
to shoot is gone but it don't know what
amazed I don't know what it means Liza
hey I like that video where they it's
like all the verses they're like dressed
normal if I recall on the video and then
like all the courses they're wearing
dresses and destroying things
gambit that's not bad
yeah you know what game is this this
game is called bookworm adventures
volume well volume 2
this is the sequel purists sure
else milieu you spell up I spell milieu
yeah you something like right yeah you
know anybody
eww maybe I don't know anybody how to
spell milieu mi L EA u this I don't
think there's enough ice for millennial
and this game a little bit old enough
now that it might not be in there nope
nope just just move on we got to move on
oh wait two eyes mi l eyes somebody's
nobody knows I'm seeing eighteen
different spellings and then Google
somebody else is saying that jet fuel
can't melt steel beams how do you feel
about 9/11 I think it was most likely a
terrorist attack uh-huh you don't talk
about the conspiracy there isn't you
what are your general thoughts and
feelings it sucked
she died shocking yeah remember just
going home from work with you that day I
was at I was at I was sleeping because I
you know I was sleeping in keeping thing
keeping keeping late hours well I guess
that was four actually pretty early in
the morning and I got up and I and my
mom's like somebody just hit up just a
plane just crashed in the end of the
World Trade Center in New York and I was
like you know wow and everybody thought
it was an accident
yeah and then I I went I went and I was
doing something I maybe I was I heard
about it I was thinking like a Cessna or
something you know
well I could see it on the news and then
I went and I was doing something else
and I came back up and she goes somebody
just crashed another plane in the end
and then it was like holy shit it's a
whole country going to go to shit see
see my woke up 9/11 I worked early that
day how does that work when a head
would like your one-year anniversary I
ask for one year advert I was the big
news that days but one year anniversary
up a job i get it i'm working for better
like someone sent me a plane hit the
World Trade Center and everything else
that's not yeah happened in the 30s with
the Empire State Building it's as weird
and another one hit and then what no no
and then I I went upstairs him like like
breaker if it was my lunch I saw the TV
up there are like oh my god did any
didn't normally have a TV in the break
room there they wheeled one out for that
such a big news story I was off that day
and then there's like I mean that was
what did you get that was I saw some
long years ago there's a whole
generation of people that don't even
remember life before they know unwalled
yes I remember the spider-man trailer
they had to shitcan because he strung up
a helicopter between the two towers we
at the studio mike owns a poster from
that the spider-man
you know the Tobey Maguire one that
movie that still got the reflection of
the World Trade Center in the eye that's
a neat little keepsake when Mike was
working at the movie theater
so he's saying remodel I kept it
remodeled there's no D maybe remodeler
yeah I was just poking around that and
not finding anything that I was says am
a delirium railroad this is Val 5001
we're saying underarm Under Armor TM l
Railroader Karen with the suffix you and
your suffixes it's this game is all
about the suffixes and that's what eight
nine ten words letters
Jesus Christ she's amazing at this Santa
oh you wouldn't believe some of the shit
I've seen her pull out of her ass what
was her best one oh I don't even know
are some kind of it's some kind of 15
left what I've never heard of before no
I think this is 12 and the out of 16
letters up there we've come up with some
good ones though like one of our
mediocre ones on our top list is
laboratory well what else do we have
we've got all kinds of good words
zombies all right all right Karen let's
get rid of the Z's just she's thinking
tactically she's a current as a fucking
beast at this game I swear to god she is
a fucking beast no treasure
what well talk about the game what do
the treasures do what the treasures do
different things but mostly they're
things like they give you extra power if
you spell a verb or they give you points
for scrambling we go like through we
play through the whole game and never
Scott what's a scramble scramble is like
look of you all new letters and then you
can burn a turn to just get a whole new
set but then never dull strategy there's
there's like or they'll make you get one
less damage or give one more damage or
something but we just over the power the
shit out of everything I mean this game
is intended for children to play it to
spell words like duck and and to
gradually build up their power until
their character is indestructible but
that's not how we work it's just not how
we play it some people already asked
rich what went down in the bar well well
nothing because that was a bit I didn't
even go in I don't think I don't even
think they were open that it once is too
many letters
what's a you want to write here's what
is this game this is a mini game it's
the mini game will you try to solve the
you have five turn five opportunities to
sound you're my little closer
yes
five opportunities to solve and and you
get you know prizes if you solve
corrects five letter word starting with
an end you have to guess the word right
so so you want to want to start with a
word that has three as many balls as you
buy them or rule them out or at least
common letters like nears the head
button all right say say okay so the R
is presumably right here because it
can't be here because it's silver where
the silver silver means that there is
that letter but it's in the wrong place
so there's an R in there but it's not
these are in the right place gold is in
the wrong place
so we know that the R has to be it can't
be here and it can't be here or here so
it's either here or here but little or
nothing in English starts with NR so
somebody have somebody sing to ours
no sound spell that way it's norms maybe
that's a good guess
by Gino suave oMG no suave that was
suave Gino suave it's this one thing I
don't know why I had to stick it sounds
Rico suave that song I think it was a
song hide the 90s or something I suppose
like everyone Rico suave wish I guess is
like smooth rich smooth dick really you
got you come oh come on we got three
different color gems and we don't have
that thing I'm unlocked it I'm sorry I'm
sorry of quandary there's no D we don't
have Quagmire's we don't have querulous
do we have burlesque sir
for less there we go Oh Karen you're so
good at this game
she was creamy training's crayon crayon
stepped up there it's not necessarily
best were there can you narrow Oh 60
feet long two lanes wide 97 tons of
American pride
God you know rule I can't be preacher
there's no H chap
Jack guy Chet person there's no D can't
be polyandry there's no L or no D uh bud
cramp um unexplained fires are a matter
for the courts grandpa what the fuck is
a crampon it's like it's like something
you use like in mountain climbing I
think it's like the little spiky shoe
thing all right there was an eye you
could do like champion
your vine up plenty area isn't it's
pottery yeah
we'll see there's something else we can
indulge oh wow there's no tea can't be
planetary
nearly that's not enough ours let's get
two hours right farily yeah yeah I was
probably better although we do get a bit
of a V plenary is another letter kept I
write there's no T on Levin unveil like
unveil maybe unveil er nope
unveil it is Captain jerk about prevail
er oh oh
try it nope nope
unrivaled now there's no deep venereal
there's none of these chat there's not
enough ease I'm sorry I'm sorry
fail you feel this game ease it I think
hmm no no is it another ring
I think it's yeah uh what's the other
work we had Oh No Oh unveil this is what
you said you liked this game hard are
you running down you're playing with
this lady
now when you're playing sometimes you
get crap letters perjury then what's
that majorly no perjury
alright alright alright thank you just
make just try and make them feel calm do
that can you do that
Chardin there the G isn't it no perjury
there this Morrie's from channel let's
see
perjury did you said that PE r ju ry
okay so does their yeah mr. Verger it
would be there too but too late
yeah shit happens we have ing that's
always useful
and if he's for Demiurge you're a tea
away from ruminating turbo Jesus 5000
says hey guys I know you're fans of
classic Simpsons I was wondering when
you consider the peak of the show to be
also was there a certain point where you
just stopped watching
or was it gradual I'd say we're probably
gradual Peak Simpsons a while ago a
while ago sure I don't even know I don't
think I ever watched it religiously I
know there was a time when you
religiously watched the Halloween
episode I did why we live anymore I used
to be on twice a day and like in the
evening I'd watch that religiously ten I
don't know if that's the peak that's
probably get good Simpsons 1 through 10
somehow think 2 through 9 so I guess you
know I'm not far off the mark
one of these days I'm going to get
dromedary you got brontosaurus at one
time and I was kind of awesome oh yes no
yeah and that bad Domino's is fine
school only spelt like closed looking
for like old school decay
a worse
not enough hours for the--for
endlessness some things thunderously
thunderously just little ki that's
probably two words you know you never
gonna try thunder i am working on it
from cinnamon if it's there no nope no
wait well oh wait wait wait
oh sweet god damn if you didn't cheat
you have my deepest respect this is good
cinnamon with of just a fucking monster
word monster weird monster word see the
screen goes white decimated any turns no
because how often do you get to
oops
dr. gunther hunter hankers says
pre-ordered vanquish and I cannot wait
also rich did you know there is a
creepypasta that bears a striking
resemblance to you I did not what's a
creepypasta that's one of those cartoon
can't let go stories but on the Internet
what's it called I need more information
rich did you go to any of your
highschool reunions yeah the people I
cared about from high school I still
talk to Karen you have I went to our
twenty I didn't go to the ten and it was
fun it was pretty chill I mean it kind
of the people that I didn't really
interact with too much in high school I
didn't really interact with too much at
the Reunion either but it was fine
bgb live why why wouldn't Vanquish work
with a mouse and keyboard I don't
understand that hmm someone in the chat
saying rich will you play vanquish with
mouse and keyboard I can't imagine that
working wall I'm looking that's why I'm
looking forward to it man
did a mouse and keyboard work alright
and Bayonetta Bayonetta was not a
shooter you don't have to aim and ban
that up I play Bayonetta with a gamepad
vanquish is a shooter aiming with a
mouse is always better than aiming with
a controller chat saying fatigue good
yeah ok fatigue somebody saying no it's
not fellatio fumigate fumigate it's not
bad
gigs not bad either nope can't fumigate
that's family I suppose it's just fine
ok
didn't ask for verbose verbiage G so he
said fumigator water and uh-oh
too late sorry there's no Jay you can't
get verbage okay good for both GG yeah
no ug from for verbiage
a chore behavior
it's not terrible no it's not somebody's
saying her before somebody has a good
word you've quieter you're in your zone
you're in your book worm zone the sleep
is own what we'll call it with you when
you want to call it we'll call them
is Bayonetta worth getting if you
already owned and 100% the original on
console a first thing is would you ever
just want to play it again for another
thing is you you do get higher
resolution higher framerate if you have
a decent gaming piece actually I own
probably played it onto these gaming pcs
so might run fine on a machine that's
not beastly to ya this a number of years
old
so we're saying deceived divided demigod
divided isn't there's only one D and I
spelled it wrong but still demigod is
there D voiced yeah yeah I like that
cinnamon again
why does the you have chains over a
caramel because you fight enemies that
attack you you can purify it but
otherwise for either the duration of
this enemy or three terms or whatever
three I think that's what the three are
these numbers they're counting down how
many turns that you will be unusable for
yeah basically the enemy has made you
unusable and those grayed out ones that
was an other attack the enemy did I
don't believe those words do any damage
to those letters that are grayed out
don't do any damage to the enemy so if
you if you use those letters to make
your word a little bit longer you use
the great at once you're just you just
doing it to make yourself feel better by
making a bigger word well you seem to be
said it for that
gotta be something better than go go mmm
oh we got what we got
frog cinnamons got another one that's
gram key REM gr aah am I like crashes
yeah it's not that you know much else
no guar MOG wise I have to take Mogwai
hey mister a nope nut restoration Bogota
restroom
that's not restroom there's no M
reboot I'm getting boogers regrows sure
Triplette
I'm trying to go with someone other than
cinnamon bootleg
bipolar it might not take pueblos
because it's not English
there's no our might be probably would
take Pablo but I'm gonna go with bootleg
boot like
insidious
sedate now well stayed but
I'm saying infused nobody's saying
insinuate I don't think there's enough
ends not enough ends for instant you
wait you gonna want it you are slowing
down you are slowing down let's have you
what time you've been going to bed this
week well the latest I've had to get up
is quarter to 6:00 yeah yeah the latest
I've been going to bed is almost 10 well
will be this boss we call it a night
but this morning I had to be there for
30 so I had to be up at 3 unbaptized I
don't think you can unbaptized yo but
you your unbaptized if you haven't been
baptized oh whoa I be able to get
Baptizer even though it's Baptist and
well I'm baptized there's more letters
but I guess they're not correct nope
baptize isn't bad
well things go go with what you want so
he's saying punctures that's sinnerman
again cognates gum actually rocklers I
can so hear it and you're I can so hear
it in your voice that I'm tired
yeah that you're you're losing that
you're losing it it's late I know it is
erupting right
a breast
not that it's a strong password it was
not amazing
John one last one from sinnerman two
hours
Korra gates sure sugarcoats somebody's
saying stegasaurus I think there's only
now this Francis sugarcoat sugarcoat its
kind of it as two words unfortunately
two words
Stegosaurus there who's Stegosaurus
Chuck Fox oh my god
power it up
dr. Gupta hunter hang curses sci-fi
delay sorry for the delay
the crimpy pasta I was referring to is
this man org handsome fellow also the
sense you've built are wonderful my
favorite was the half in the bag Everest
base camp set thanks hey you're welcome
check that out we're done which I'm
imagining is going to be very sure the
one that you've currently got going down
there the nerd crew one machine it okay
I'm impressed by that hmm the table
mostly the table was mostly me he's he's
like he doesn't admit it or know it even
but he's like brilliant like seriously I
give like very little training like
formal training in any of this sort of
thing no formal training just about and
and he's like and one day he's like yeah
I made the table and I was trying to
figure out how to make it round and I'm
like what did you do and he's like we'll
see that pole over there I tied a string
to it I used that to draw a circle and I
was like who comes up with this that's
brilliant I tied some yarn around the
pole and then the other one grr gland
and I like free handed this round table
ace looks like it was born that way
wouldn't you know 4x8 thing down eyes
use that I was impressed oh we can't
even do mini game so what's our Hall of
Fame currently thunderously stegasaurus
inhabiting railroader
esta bates that's always led idealize
err demo urges to briefed in burlesque i
thought i just installed this thing on
here we shouldn't have to previous that
way yeah we played it another day I
think I don't know I'm just about ready
to go to bed I know you are alright so I
mean the malls we're gonna end keep
looking at things people are saying if
you want
did Jack ever come no Jack was not able
to come today
Jack ended up not being able to make it
he had to cancel this happens you see
you're a carpenter just like Jesus oh
geez excuse me you're excused
okay here is the point in the stream or
at the end of the stream you read the
names of the people who have subscribed
to us over the course of the stream to
thank them for subscribing those right
in front of here oh you want to join
read some when you're just asleep sleep
data sleep ah seventeen reviewers 17
viewers Rhys absque ribe while you were
away matter dad are just subscribed with
which Prime I know it's like 1 month 7
month up you tired to figure out worry
about it don't worry matter Dadar has
resubmits an odd one month's matter
daughter says Len is the man Franklin is
lenka Basinski who's on is filmmaker he
was on the last best the worst we did is
he the man he's the man what is the man
yes he is he's me way was he he's the
one we mocked mercilessly in an episode
when we watched his movie and then he
was really like knows a lot of art is
one of those Martin either kill you we
invited him up we're afraid he was just
gonna kick like a yes-mo rourou has
rhesus cried for 7 months in a row you
know don't worry about that arson chimes
at midnight
Orson chimes at midnight uh just rebel
decided that's doubled up for some
reason five bucks for rich to take care
of his wife oh thank you thank you Oh
Walter melon I like that name I
subscribe to twitch prime sorry uncle of
lies
says Jesus hates mountain climbers
that's very true how could you be a moan
maybe he really likes mountain climbers
and he can't wait to meet them as soon
as possible your stories about people
going to like climbing like Kate or one
of the nasty ones and they just I just
see corpses lying around you know who
tried and failed because it's too hard
to retrieve them yeah
Jesus Christ boots guy and stuff yeah
green boots guy with green boots guy I
guess he was some guy who died climbing
it he was wearing like chartreuse
mountain climbing boots and they kind of
used him as a landmark for a while and
just referred to that as green boots
like you know like turn left at the rock
and righted green boots or something I
mean oh it was like the husband wife and
what I'm dying either one didn't it I
yeah yeah yeah I just it could stay
there I've been higher than Mount Evans
it's called about everyone Evans mine
Everest it's cold and then I'm out
Evelyn
I've been on Mount Evans yes I am
climbed Mount Evans that I've descended
about Evans I climbed and decided but
anyway uh where were we uh SC s SC s
goodness yes has subscribed for 36
months in a row motherfucking monster
effect sucking area what oh my god don't
aim that at me he's got fireworks day t
just subscribed with oh yeah uh stray
cat
72 strike at 72 says rich diggity Dee
Evans I love you man and I'm how do you
know and I have to scroll down because
you Mouse
yeah well you know what I'm a jerk hurry
up leaving my hotel room unlocked oh my
god mrs. Mahan MC Lucas says Reese
absque ride for not more fireworks not
for the 30 no just for 36 okay three six
forty five expletive of your choice
months in a row MC Lucas says amazing
alcoholism PSA you guys released
yesterday rlm is my anti
drug hentai God 1988 ninjalah quiz 'red
78 Aaron L Hancock silver Merkin Titus
84
I almost said tits Titus you're just one
letter away I could have heard your
voice you're you are so tight I'm tired
I'm falling asleep seven months I'm like
curious we took separate cars you can be
okay are you going to want to drive me
back here vomit I'm sure it'll be fine
how about that black cougar site I don't
know what that is
an older black ladies who like younger
men oh it's from the last remonstrate
don't worry just don't you worry about
cake it's like oh you're like I do like
younger guys red Exia double zero
uh mr. ace oxy Baxter Ozzie Baxter
Ozzy back door says word el el Diablo
6:57 says oh my boy love you guys
touch football fighting for twenty six
fucking months in a row and danger
please
deja please says can I get a party's
over the clown has arrived the party's
over
the clown has arrived thank you for
subscribing we really appreciated is
that your invitation of Batman space
come sounds like bad man he sound though
he sounds like Batman and Lego Batman
the Lego Batman Batman guy
well I'm space cop was around before
Lego Batman before the second one was it
around before the first one - well we're
probably filming it before then away no
that was a lego movie that's the first
Lego Batman movie poster started from a
man usually the original version
so bad as night maybe showing up by
