Jan 18, 2017
Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War 2
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/120156489
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/120202666
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wyk2YZxJUuI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=017x4gC9nBE
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/821810047856545793

[Part I]
we're just gonna chat for a bit I guess
oh you can change the text we can guess
I'm just gonna do that hey that's a
great idea rich why do you sound like a
game show host alright that's a great
idea welcome back everyone I got the
keyboard he did all right for Warhammer
40,000 Space Marine in there you know
I'm just a fool title just make it
really really tight yeah like Warhammer
40,000 and under we're doing the full
title great that's great hey everybody
that was very strange how the game broke
but hey there we go but here we go here
we go here we go
did anyone in a chat see the sense8
Christmas special I finally got around
to watching that which if you are a fan
of sensei is fucking phenomenal will you
haven't seen since 8 right no no I
fuckin love it
those white chaps keys do they know how
to visually tell a story just have it
hey thank you oh you like my shirt do
you like my this is this was a Christmas
present that I got myself it's uh it's
my Symetra shirt just put 40 K this is
funnier I'm sorry you sure oh no they
sell my shirt it's a symmetric shirt
from overwatch big robot hand I don't
know what Symetra is she's a character
and overwatch ok ok it's great they
still like regularly adding characters
don't launch is that how that works they
just added the character they're still
working on stuff they just added a new
map ok they just did their Christmas
thing they just they just had a big old
kerfuffle about a gay character you you
probably didn't hear about this because
you don't care about overwatch yeah
put out a comic book okay every once in
a while for like backstories for
characters and tracer the fast one the
the girl who's on the cover huh
is is a game she's one of the gays and
it was just like oh just part of this
Christmas story she had a girlfriend she
was buying a gift for ya okay great yeah
totally no big deal
could you believe me when I say some
people on the internet flipped the fuck
out yeah yeah
some people flipped out and then some
people flipped out over people flipping
out
no you just ignore the first flip out
exactly exactly
that's what most people did that really
got out of hand something you some
people it really got out of hand for
some people and it's fine you know why
cuz it doesn't change how she plays she
you know like you can still play as
tracer and she doesn't play any more or
less gay and then she was her character
doesn't have to automatically stop and
make out with a lady you know what they
added that mechanic into the public test
region into the beta and they took it
out real fast it was really awkward
because oh shit that's great
wouldn't that be the worst if your
character had to stop and make out with
everyone of the gender they were trying
to rock is that true people some people
were wanting refunds because tracer was
gay that's funny
it was the comic book was banned from
release in Russia because they had to
have laws against what they considered
to be gay propaganda yeah so interesting
everyone was expecting actually there is
a Russian character in the game a big
butch lady with dyed pink short hair and
everyone was expecting that to be it's
not as bad as Uganda Uganda I don't know
if I ever went through there there's
gonna be a lot to make being gay
punishable by the death penalty
Christian
what's the word I'm looking for
missionaries there hmm
have a lot of influence in the gays are
horrible gays are horrible he's doesn't
like gays right suddenly they want to
execute the gays we're doing God's work
Jackie O God O God's work absolutely
absolutely but uh yeah I mean they're
still we're gonna work I finally got a
chance to play I hadn't played in a
while on for watching I got a chance to
play the other day oh it still feels
good
still of that overwatch well we get some
tips here get to some tips Tia from
ragged scribe old news flashes they put
a doctor Grabowski in XCOM to well I
know that they put a doctor Grabowski in
XCOM - well that's fantastic
that's great the cracked podcasts put
you on their list of great things they
discovered in 2016 specifically half of
the bank great cool cool that's great
that's great we love it when people like
the things I don't believe crack didn't
discover us till 2016 there was a
freaking blanket reference and something
they did years ago
oh my first contact they mentioned the
blanket reviews well maybe they knew
about blanket but they didn't know I'll
take them about I'll take the plug well
you know maybe they're like oh if you
guys didn't know the planket guys do
half the bag you're kind of you know one
of those kind of things
atomic mousetrap says I watched Deadly
Prey forgetting you guys did it on best
of the worst the movie feels like a
90-minute set up to a punchline of
ripping that guy's oh man Deadly Prey
was great remember deadliest brain just
fine to her deadlier no deadlier bryant
was deadliest yeah I think you're right
gobbledygook says I'll tweet a pic
Friday for inauguration day but I have a
copy of the job of the hot art of the
deal comic next to Donald the Hutt's art
of the deal book best orange third party
gangsters ever the blue blaze says rich
I need your help
yeah the BBC is showing marathons of
Star Trek Voyager
and I'm not sure whether or not I should
bother watching it I've never seen it
but haven't heard good things is it any
good
no your jury in general or overall
occasionally Voyager rises to the level
of mediocrity hmm look if you haven't
seen it watch it and you'll find out and
then just stop watching once you've
decided yeah this is crap I think
there's some good in there it's very
little good there's it's very little
worth it it's not worth it there's
there's like how many episodes would you
say are good it was like out of seven
seasons what are they like five episodes
that are good there's a handful not it's
not worth watching the whole series for
the five good episodes a year of hell
this is the one where they did what they
should have been doing the whole series
which is what there was really tough and
they're low on supplies there what else
was good Welles was good I try to think
I'm trying to think rich but seven event
yeah she had boobs they get it and a
tight outfit I get it I get it she had
boobs and a tight outfit rich wasn't
there oh you know I kind of liked I
think we talked about this before not
these aren't good episodes these are
Mediate mediocre two fine episodes that
alien rate the hunter race who was super
into their holodeck technology and they
they they became like they tried to turn
the whole of Voyager into a holodeck
that was a fun it's a mediocre up so
mediocre - fine I guess what we're
saying is don't bother if it's on BBC
right now don't bother watch something
else
okay pawned 79 cents Jack I'm the
bassoon buffoon from Twitter I apologize
for sending us down the rabbit hole
looking for your bassoon quip
I appreciate your and the rlm fans help
here's $2 thank you pond you know the
the rough part was I can I could have I
remembered myself saying it blah blah
blah there's a bassoon and and so I knew
I had said it and because you had
planted the idea that I said it in the
best of the worst I assume that's me
true so it's it's there's just so much
stuff there's so much stuff where we
talk rich and people want to keep track
of it all what are the other good
Voyager episodes the Sarah Silverman's
and one I'm you know what I'm sure there
are a couple other good ones but no it's
space Jack 2084 says reguarding Batman
vs captain they met in a jla/avengers
with the predictable result they
exchanged some light blows to take each
other's measure then decided it would
take too long and teamed up without a
fight yeah this is one of those where I
think Batman has it
thinking about it more he's got gadgets
he's got more kung-fu he has the art of
deception gobbledygook did you see that
Sony is releasing a theatrical animated
feature spider-man movie with Miles
Morales this December I'm looking
forward to seeing what interesting
things
Sony helps fund so mild Morales made it
to the big screen before Batman Beyond
dead animated okay okay okay
so Batman Beyond is beatified in several
years they stopped releasing the
animated Batman films after masking the
phantasm which I don't think did that
well in the theaters oh yeah regardless
of what you think of it I don't think it
did that while the theatre's okay you
know there's no game yet it's
downloading it's downloading what's that
we're just talking about rain of
bullshit III think it's fine that zone
is releasing their own full-length
animated feature I've been so
disappointed with DC's animated shit
it's just not even not even the story of
the content which I haven't seen any of
them it just looks like garbage I think
there are animations there DC's new
animation standard looks like garbage
and I'm afraid that Sony's gonna pull
some similar shit and due to budget
restraints the Spider Man is gonna look
like garbage - yeah I like it you know I
like animation I want it to look good
I'm not particularly attached to Myles
Burrell's home care he's got some good
story he's got some good stuff I didn't
care enough to keep reading him as a
character he's just a stranger to me
right so he's got some interesting stuff
by the way Jack what and everybody yeah
what you do XCOM classic zero soldier
deaths congratulations hey take a screen
capture like final screen I posted it
through the steam yeah second second
comment enjoy diary to die a cholesterol
two years things just shit all over my
parade I deleted it big but yeah Jesus
Christ
some people are dickhead I know I know
just completely shit my victory
dickheads
months of trying to pull that off and
you did I did it someone can be an
asshole typical hey pickle first of all
courage congratulations thank you I know
you were working towards that and you
did it and you got the screenshot to
prove it that's the important part you
remembered to take a screenshot yeah
welcome to the Internet's yeah yeah why
are we congratulating rich rich beat X
come on classic difficulty and what is
classic difficult this is the second
hardest there's one harder difficulties
I guess is the third hardest four
difficulty levels okay it's a tough
difficulty level and I I beat it on Iron
Man which means no reloading your saves
deaths are permanent yeah and I did not
lose a single soldier or a country
either some damn fine XCOM ROM none of
your soldiers died which it's very easy
for you if you don't know that's why we
are congratulating him yes Jack trigger
Joyce I have written the feature-length
scripts nothing will ever happen with
them I have written them I enjoy writing
where is the pic it's somewhere on my
Steam I don't know how these things work
is it on this team I don't know how to
get a link to this is it on this team
there's activity I don't know how do you
find these oh go to you now go to
profile profile yeah
that's not go foul right that's you
should have post
it's your profile just anything maybe
not I think I just shared know maybe
community know how much I care about the
social aspects of steam yes that's a
friend screenshot so maybe your
screenshot is in here as well
no thank you
can you go thank you and see if you can
like just see your thread area oh all
right hold on wait right we're gonna I'm
gonna take a cheap a screenshot rich why
I just go into the OBS and where you at
where you at where you at yo 0 soldiers
lost that's the important one right
there yeah yeah 0 battles lost 662
aliens that's I don't know how it's good
or bad that's that's a lot of aliens
dead I'll tell you what but 0 soldiers
lost did not lose a country no that's
great there's a fine run a fine run
excellent work commander right in
between there I just just fuckin deleted
it because you jerk you hey you jerk 31
seconds we're doing great
we're doing great rich I feel like we're
doing great fake screenshot lol get out
of town
he did it not losing a country is the
hardest thing there is what people are
saying no not losing a person is the
hardest thing they're not losing a
country is easy satellite rush
my experience with XCOM is it's very
easy to lose people that's my experience
those Oh
Ivan's heist says here's my last two
dollars for you because I'll be dead
from cholesterol in two years there's no
time like the present to start people
just you know cut back on saturated fats
high high fiber vegetables we're talking
green leafy shit spinach greens broccoli
that kind of those kind of like dark
green vegetables and beans beans are
good for fiber or fiber move stuff
through your through your intestines
that means you're pooping more regularly
take the funny insult rich you throw
them out all the time there's a time and
a place you know that's the thing
there's a time and a place
count them calories absolutely get it
get it out of your system anyone can do
it I believe in all of you I believe in
all of you you gotta you gotta you know
cut down on the sugars which means you
know for people like me you got to cut
down on beer you gotta cut down on soda
you gotta cut down on sweets cut down on
fat so that means dairies that means you
know regular fats like yeah that guy's
got things in his head too
that's got to be it that's got to just
be a warhammer ahead thing the head
thing just God just a head thing
that's almost unless they get shot in
the head a lot that makes sense because
these are the people who aren't wearing
their helmets so what the desktop audio
came up again jumped up this this intro
is nothing at all like Arkham City they
were not influenced or inspired by
nothing alike like this Tapani what
happened my car do we usually have it
like negative three yeah right there's
good and then we will never like blow
out why are they switched I have no idea
I have no idea rich all right all right
Tiberius Kirk OBS has been very good to
us and OBS is a free a free piece of
software that that we have learned and
has been very good to us over the years
so we're gonna settle down about saying
OBS sucks I enjoy it are you not letting
me rebind to the the number pad
as you know is wait there your num lock
wasn't on is it plugged in
can you rebind double click to edit
keybindings alright gotta read it got to
read it up bring it up yeah Oh BL OBS
resets audio every time you open and
crash as much and confuses rich all the
time I know and you can't stream coaster
tycoon games there are some issues with
OBS but overall I feel like it's been
pretty good to us and it is a free piece
of software even though we do give them
money because I would feel weird about
not giving OB the OBS people money cuz
we make money off of it and that would
seem weird he is using a number pad yes
rich likes using a number pad for
first-person shooters so what am i used
to deal with it yep yep Jack hi I'm Jack
what Jack what you just saying my name
okay Tiberius I'll take that Oh B s is
adequate it sure is adequate there are
other there are other pieces of software
to stream with most of them either cost
money or and like actually some of them
cost like monthly fees you know like a
little bit every month to keep using it
so yeah there's xsplit and there's other
stuff but you know this is what seems to
work for us so imma keep using it why
can't I find that two thing no sin for
profit when Rich was playing dawn of War
two he had the full keyboard and now
that he's only playing a first-person
shooter he has the number pad so that
look like it's no what are you trying to
hit the one right above the eight and
the number pad the slash do you think
like it reads it but there's just not a
character for oh I want slash cuz that's
but oh yeah I'm just fine don't number
pad nine okay Master Chief we know the
title is going past the overlay on the
screen because this is a very long title
and so it's just it's just not gonna fit
in the box it's called the joke
well yeah there's two things in this
game there's fury mode and then there's
also a furry mode which makes it a
little weird but all right here we go
I'm gonna play a Space Marine guess
shoot some shit do it rich the grim
darkness of the far future there is only
war
I don't know what brought it up but I
was actually reading a bit about the
Warhammer 40k universe the other night
okay that's what brought the stream up
these games and it's an interesting
universe
it's weird an interesting universe in
what way what do we give me an exist the
backstory of how it got this way with
the weird religious thing where they
worship like a basically a corpse okay
Zeno's invasion in progress recommended
course of action war exterminate us
deploy capital weaponry they've they
have this technology but they don't
understand it anymore
oh yeah okay I like that concept maybe
they've used that concept another sci-fi
you things so it's it's completely
stagnated and when things are like you
know broken it can't necessarily replace
them oh I like that
deploying the ultramarine that's silly I
like it's silly but great the
ultramarines matching imagine mixing
dune with Lord of the Ring mixed with
medieval Inquisition that could be cool
it's Asimov's foundation series with
orcs that makes me kind of not like it
like why are orcs in space the space
orcs is what's weird to me I like my
aliens all alien II you know they think
machines have spirits inside of them and
they pray and do rituals yeah I like
that
that's fun I like the idea of someone
praying to a toasters golden brown he's
got two of the things
his head oh that must mean he's he's a
cab double + good
there's also demons and space hell and
it's metal as fuck I'm done with metal I
think this is probably the only game in
the series that I could probably get on
board with as well like a first-person
shooter yep so you know we'll see how
Rick likes it I played before actually
liked it oh okay
years ago when this came out I actually
have been applying it okay the end boss
is terrible though the end boss is a
QuickTime event everything yeah pretty
decent pretty decent yeah any ramen
updates what that it's delicious and I
eat it all the time I eat it all I can
is it good there's a good ramen place
like 30 minutes away from me and there's
a good ramen place like 20 minutes away
from me neither are optimal because I'd
love a good ramen place walking distance
but one is easier to get into so I
usually go that one space orcs one got
so far the other day it's pretty good
forgotten I forgot how good Phi's
oh it's third person
third person first person Oh reloading
is a thing not usually usually reloading
the thing fuck yeah I'm getting used to
my controls here I would love that I
would love ramen everywhere there we go
if there if there was a if there was a
ramen place within walking distance to
my house and there's a lot of
restaurants within walking distance my
house I might just not eat anything else
for an entire week and just that ramen
every night cuz I love it so hard after
that week I probably get you know a
little tired of it but mold man move man
why do I hate I heard you like ramen why
do you hate fun I love it
you're gonna walk the places I don't
know what Locke says yes ramen is this
my diet sorry I just found this I don't
remember what I have bound to what but
that's all right yeah I think that's
what this that's what this level is
about rich you learn the controls wait
wait wait wait wait
we're done I have stung here well you're
out you just done your kind of bat-knife
so I can see the arrows next to combat
knife number pad five for an execution
to jitesh into a mall in Singapore and
they were like for robbing joints right
next to each other we're so good oh
Jesus
no I know you know you go to certain
places like like LA and you trip over
ramen places but here we got to we got
to ramen places one out in the suburbs
and one that's like crazy hipsterish on
the north side of downtown and it's only
open weird hours certain days of the
week and there's always a line outside
and I'm just not cool enough to go there
so I go out to the suburbs
it's also very easy to find dudes in LA
yeah
buff dudes in LA stays or she I've never
heard of she she I don't even know how
to pronounce that
TSH I Chi you have different combos for
melee weapons you got to switch up the
stuns and swipes and then you get like
doom and you can execute them for HP
rich okay
your beard must be this low oh there's
my there it is figure it out
off to kid peers well good luck reeling
that boy robbing taco heads and I had
something at the far estarán that was it
was kind of like it was kind of like
foie but without the liquid portion of
it without the soup portion of it and so
it's just like this pork sausage over
rice noodles with a bunch of other
different flavor combos it was really
great but it didn't have like it wasn't
in a bowl it didn't have a liquid
component I'm a big goofy orc on that
big goofy gun with like the big teeth on
the back it is you know what this game
might just be silly enough to be fun
that J to perform a combat role
TSH I'm - T is she okay
she she is a joke from the Star Wars
review oh is it
sorry I probably watched the Star Wars
review but I probably didn't just cuz I
knew I agreed with you guys over our
dislike of the Star Wars so I don't even
know if I watched it for DK is silly
which is why it's hilarious to me when
people take it so good to him seriously
yeah I feel the same way about Star Wars
Star Wars is also a cell universe yes I
don't know if it's this level of silly
with like you know orcs in space there
are four salamanders Jack there's what
for salamanders we're in Star Wars there
are four salamander for salamanders yes
Salman is oh sure yeah you're right
force vampires they're a giant fish that
force ghosts there's a giant fish that
like pilots a whole spacecraft yeah
you're right you're right it's a silly
universe it's a very silly universe
Jack and rich Star Wars fans in denial
we we but I I don't mean to speak for
rich Evans but I enjoy some of the Star
Wars movies I don't know if that makes
me a fan I mean I'm a fan
I enjoy some of the Star Wars the first
you were pretty I'm good Jedi is
adequate where it needs to be even how
you know what I'm on record I'd like the
force awakens I'll stand up for the
force away the prequels relatively their
budgets are the worst movies ever made
the force awakens was his characters
don't suck haha and rogue one was that
Star Wars you got a rich I'm with you
I'm with you most of the way III know I
liked force awakens a lot more than you
did but yeah
the characters didn't Sun hmm that's
what they needed to do after the
prequels yeah they needed just a game
they needed to give us someone we cared
if they lived or died
mission accomplished boom kylo Ren
interesting character yeah he's a fun
bad guy yep yeah I know this is
something you mentioned a lot like it's
fun that he's kind of a fuckup bad it's
he's not a clone of Darth Vader but he's
trying to be everybody's kind of a party
he fills in it and that makes him
interesting agreed agreed
I forget who said it in your in your Rob
one review but whoever whoever mentioned
that rogue one felt like a big-budget
fan found yeah is the most OnPoint
criticism of that movie if you've ever
seen any like YouTube shorts of people
doing lightsaber fights stretch to
stretch that out for two and a half
hours and you got rode one these people
take this very seriously
never got a fox point there's a laksa
there at Peking Chef I can't remember
the last time I've been up the Fox Point
I'll be honest with you I don't have a
name button you what
yeah a name button Jack puts a name but
a button I would hold to it I don't why
does it most very well I'll deal with it
yes that actress for Jin she was a
charisma black hole but also she didn't
know character to like be drawn to
either she might be a fine actress but
they didn't give her character anything
to do it's not gonna let me rebind
doesn't mid-game yeah I want to switch
my stun with my aim button I got a
feeling I'm gonna be using stun a lot
and the aim it's like a sticky aim so
you don't have to hold it down it
doesn't need to be it doesn't need to be
in the most comfortable position gotcha
and that could be true hunchback to
happen Jack it was I mean there were
script problems she might never seen I
don't know if I've seen that Felicity
Jones acting anything else so I can
comment on her as an actress pick up
Volta
there we go
there you go yes yes blow up space orcs
daddy likes it got weird moonlight is
greater than lala land
I have a feeling I haven't seen lala
land yet though I do really want to
because I like musicals you know I just
wasn't I just wasn't that into moonlight
I one of those slice-of-life
kind of no real story but you know deep
character piece movies that I'm just I
just don't care about that's where I
came from
no no no there's new people you're fine
so the acting is great and you know I
just don't know I just don't care I was
so bored with moonlight
this game is neat yeah yeah good this
looks neat this looks like a good game
so I would probably prefer lalala and
better just because I like musicals but
I can appreciate all of the really good
acting in moonlight I can they like they
got it they nail it those characters
those actors uh those actors embody
those characters that was that was great
great acting I personally need a little
story I need a little give me a little
story give me a little bit of a story to
latch onto and then when lights good
it's just not my thing
I'm officially done with Space Marine
all right do it
blow it up blow it up
now you know some people some people
like to go into a movie and just you
know paying attention to one thing like
I mean though the cinematography that
was the thing with like The Girl with
the Dragon Tattoo did you ever see that
now like some of the most beautiful
cinematography you are seen it will be
gorgeous
wonderful camera movement wonderful
wonderful lens as art statement but the
story is so lame it's basically like an
episode of CSI oh dear
move you dork you dork that one yes you
dork why do you want cutscenes with
story in movies but not video games you
just called him a dork he's a dork who
kills orcs
my name is dork the orc killer Slayer
Jack
the orcs lair or you know Dan or killer
Yorick Slayer I am sir dork the orcs
lair I want to see someone get one of
those things in their head
you know do we get to see that like how
do you earn a dot on your hand that's
what I'm most curious about why do these
guys have dots on their is it like a is
it a rank thing yeah that's what I'm
assuming I'm referring to the American
version of girl to dragon's head to the
David Fincher film
that's my only good voice that's my
favorite voice that's my Lionel voice I
love that voice that is de voice I like
doing the most that is my line though
from pork pork and space one of my
favorite voices service studs are meant
to show how long they've served huh I
want to see is is there a scene where
someone gets the stud where I get to see
the process of how the stud is put on
their face I would love that
I just picked up floating skull robot
ooh is that good yeah I'm assuming it's
great great
Oh apparently in all of Warhammer lore
there is no scene where we get to see
someone get the dot on there really
what are my opinions on Jim Carrey I'm
okay with Jim Carrey I don't like him
he's annoying rich doesn't like him
thinks he's annoying I think he's fine I
remember
fuck man I remember in living color he
was the greatest luma but taunts nice
I'm weird yeah I love so I love them I
love them
I mean Ace Ventura was a was a mainstay
at the at the Packard house Pet
Detective and then he got a little weird
and a little creepy but I liked him I'm
gonna get a cure says hey again guys
your ramen talk got me thinking what's
the weirdest grossest food you've eaten
I tried a ball at egg once and threw up
so fast google it at your own risk
lol nerd box subscription you need
anything super weird me no no and I know
you have food allergies weirdest thing I
ever ate was a jalapeno popper Jack
right I've eaten bugs the we've all
accidentally eaten bugs at some point no
no they like it was like mealworms fried
up I'm not sure I'm not shocked and you
know what they're pretty fucking good
that same party had chocolate-covered
cockroaches and your wife had to kiss
you afterwards did she did she did she
make you brush your teeth I'm sure not
directly afterwards oh no actually she
wasn't with me
that was our I was I was out of I was
out of state she was not with me when I
was eating bugs
I've eaten lots of weird shit bugs are
just tiny lobsters right uh yeah I I
mean weird meets weird animal meet
kangaroo alligator that sort of stuff
oxtail
which is delicious
I'm trying to think of like the app the
prod bugs is the absolute weirdest
button like you know octopus raw octopus
that kind of stuff
so mod that actually lets you wear a
helmet you want it you want to be a
grunt that's one of my people you're not
supposed to shoot at much you know you
got this badass armor they just leave
your head exposed again riches because
you're an important character
how else are they gonna know you're
important I understand that they're
gonna be an ax be an important helmet
like it could be also like I love how
you know this older guy has the red sash
on his yeah yours has a little more
ornamentation the new guy doesn't have
any thought into their into their world
here unlike Star Wars have I ever been
hunting yes I've been hunting have I
ever killed anything hunting check you
know what that is that looks like a
chainsaw art it's a chainsaw sword well
there you go or just a chain sword
when did this come out in comparison
with Gears of War and how pissed were
either of the fans
well the chains
warhammers been around longer this game
hasn't been around longer than Gears of
War okay
Warhammer has and I'm pretty sure their
chainsaw swords hadn't been a part of
Warhammer since well before and years of
war okay yes the chain swords vastly
predate Gears of War there you go there
you go rich have you been hunting no
okay I don't think I can kill an animal
like that yeah I don't know if I could
anymore like I've been hunting and
nothing came up because like if anyone
has ever been hunting or is if cutely if
you're curious about like what hunting
is mostly it's sitting around in the
woods and waiting that's most of hunting
looks great this is fun this is great
so I've spent long periods sitting in
the woods waiting for animals to come
and kill I never killed anything ever
ever since my grandmother's a dog died I
haven't been a I came I came in squash
him a bug right rarely I will a mosquito
is really annoying sure but like a bug
in the house I'll try and capture it and
put it outside before I kill it I don't
think I could handle a deer nose pootle
fell off the back porch broke its back I
found it after I'm not sure how long oh
but it fell onto concrete yeah and its
front paws were gone like this had a
blood coming out of its mouth in the
back was just completely paralyzed yeah
ever since ever since then I I can't
harm a hair that's that's fair an animal
that's fair
you know what that's fair you know I my
family came from that background a lot
of hunters a lot of guns and then I was
a butcher for a while as you all know so
the the butcher where you'll meet
cutters I was a butcher yeah actually I
actually cut up the animals I was the
chicken guy I cut up the chickens at my
butcher shop could you handle a pig I
could probably get pretty close I could
at very least like get it into chunks
for the next guy a button
I was the chicken guy so I know I can
still to this day disassemble a chicken
pretty pretty viciously yep but so the
prospects for me hunting you know like
not only taking out a deer but bleeding
it properly you know like that kind of
stuff was interesting to me Oh what are
those guys and doom the little red guys
that charge it yeah he looked like that
the pinkies the pinkies they look like a
pinky he blew up it was a suicide
I survived a suicide pinkie yes yeah the
difference between a butcher and a meat
cutter is one knows how to disassemble
an animal and one knows how to take a
big slice of meat and turn it into
little slices of yes one one can take
apart like a big like a slab of beef
like you get a side of ribs and you
could turn that into like strip steaks
and whatnot
the other can take a whole animal from
fur yep and render it into steaks right
and you know both are equally useful but
so like a butcher will take a cow and
turn it into big old chunks and then
those chunks will go out to meet cutters
to turn them into individual steaks is
how it usually works
rich apparently you're being insensitive
and suicide pinky is not the preferred
nomenclature for that particular beast
remember this is a big universe and that
thing has a name what is the name of
that thing it's a suicide pinkie it's a
Susan okay great perfect jack will only
eat animals he butchered himself oh man
I would love that I would fucking love
that there was nothing greater than
working at the butcher shop and and
taking home meat that I myself cut up
that was great I knew it was fresh I
knew where it came from at the butcher
shop we would visit the farms that had
the animals you know I'm like so we
could you know take a look at how they
were fed that they were treating them
properly to make sure that I meat was
his quality it was great it was great
not that way this way sure I just you
know there you have to respect your meat
though you can't you can't get your meat
at the shitty farms that treat their
animals like shit because then your
meats gonna taste like shit and respect
it
respect the meat respect to your meat
it's what gives you nourishment
seriously I just had dinner but now I
want steak yes Ari whoa
kick him in the face after it looks
great you want right mm-hmm that's right
no no you're on a roll you go ahead I'm
just I'm just here I'm not greedy
I'm just saying I might pick this up for
myself
we could do a retro review still
thinking Project Hornet is a Jacke
cooking show oh also we might remind me
that there's a project Hornet update but
I can't tell you but I can tell rich
after the stream is over nice okay
gobbledygook says probably too late to
try tonight but I just gifted you Space
Hulk
Deathwing the lessons the turn-based one
the ladies which I'm actually interested
in yes and greatest Warhammer 4k
first-person shooter oh shit there's a
whole this whole thing I had to do and I
didn't do it there's a new first-person
shooter rich and says it will push your
graphics to the limit though hope you
try it well I thought the Space Hulk was
the turn-based one they're saying
face-off Hulk death wing is a
first-person shooter all right nerds
thank you gobble yucks and yonder yonder
says Jack you swore to me you'd ask rich
if there was an awesome story behind
this room and its current state of
undress undress someone texted me a
picture and said what's the story behind
this room this room well know the image
I'm about to show you oh and it seems to
be from a long time ago from well before
I knew you this apparently is the
thumbnail image to some video on YouTube
called like people talking about star
wars you know we--you cell phone called
guerrilla interrupted and well you still
sound thank you Jesus Christ 17 years
ago right this is well before this
this was a while ago 16 16 years ago I
was after 9/11 I think but not by much
yeah younger younger if you could put
that link up in the chat so everyone can
see the room that rich is about to talk
about after my grandmother had passed
we're in the process of selling her
house and yeah I was pretty much empty
yeah at that point and Mike's might Mike
must make a movie and he JJ comes down
from you know Wisconsin there's only the
second second maybe third time the ID
seemed Jay in person and in the space of
literally a week we made a
feature-length motion picture and that
was the state of my grandmother's empty
house after three days of trying to film
an entire feature-length motion picture
so the mess if you're looking at this
picture you see you see rich Evans in
the foreground and a giant mess behind
him that is your grandmother's house my
grandmother's house when we're trying to
sell it it was completely empty and you
were trying to sell your grandmother's
house and so Mike decided it was a good
time to film a movie yeah and I assume
all you guys were staying there yep and
we filmed we film like like three days
at my grandma's house and then three
days up by J up and Milwaukee no and yes
when we're trying to sell my
grandmother's house so the three days
were up Milwaukee I get up I come home
my uncle left a call on the answering
machine
yeah they tried to show someone the
house we hadn't had time to clean it up
so they tried to show somebody the house
when I look like that there's a phone
call for my uncle it might be on the
gorilla interupted documentary with a
baby what did you do to the house my
uncle looks like a 10-8 a hurricane hit
me here came they tried to sell down I'm
sure it's still for sale gorillas
interrupted featuring the documentary we
might actually be out of this oh not to
make him not to make a movie it's worth
it for how not to make a movie how about
to make movies a fantastic
Nitori absolutely fantastic so yeah get
that down the you can probably still get
the digital version you probably can yes
watch that and you can see even more
footage of Rich's grandmother's house so
there you go yonder yonder that's the
story they were asking me about I was
like that was way before I met the guys
I don't know I don't know I probably
didn't meet Mike and J like until 7
years ago I'm almost sure he wouldn't
left that call on there I hope he did in
the document probably it's been a while
since I've seen so how not to make a
movies great it sure is fucking dick
this is the video I think it's I think
the videos got like people talking about
Star Wars and it's just yeah yeah you
thought you did totally destroy that
house and that's great Jay's a nerd in
it Jay looks very different yes be fair
he was playing a nerd well oh maybe
that's what they meant
hey Jason nerd in gorilla interrupts
yeah yes we all look very different the
call is the call is in the documentary
and I cringe every time I hear it oh
that's great yeah Mike took great
delight in that phone call I met them
because I had a friend who was friends
with Jay no I had a friend who had a
friend who was friends with Jay and I
made videos and Jay and Mike made videos
and one day they needed someone to act
in their videos and they knew I made
video so I would probably be okay to
work with and we shot a couple Grabowski
episodes probably up on the rlm YouTube
page is
the Grabowski versus Frank hammer that
is the very first time I met J and Mike
and we both made videos and so at the
you know at the time I was making videos
for Funny or Die and do a music video
stuff and we just kind of got along and
so then they knew they could count on me
to help them make stuff and I knew I had
them I could count on them to help me
make stuff and we just kept doing it
it's a it's it's a really boring story
because like nothing it wasn't fate it
was people who do similar things or
naturally gravitate towards each other
you know yep
Jack I was yeah I had a beard and long
hair in that it was a hairy gorilla on
that and that's how I learned there is
no such thing as a king bee that's right
that's right
and that's that's when I started
learning how mike and jay make stuff
which is they just put people in front
of the camera and say yeah this is what
I want you to say is sure do whatever
you want but really say what I want you
to say I was much thicker and I had hair
yeah yeah big ol belly big beard look
very different
I did I do look scary with that beard i
oh I like that death every once in a
while I think about Reid growing my
beard and I regret it immediately it's
it's it sucks to shave all the time but
man I hate them I just don't I'm not a
beard person anymore
I got a kajigger just get the controls a
bit more comfortable yeah
but fun very fun it looks great I hope
you get off this planet soon though
you've been on here for a while
I'd love it if you got off the planet
thicker and what know enough to figure I
was fatter I was much better how about a
different area of the same planet would
that be acceptable I want a different
color palette is that's all I'm looking
for here and believe we get that at some
point something that is not broken
buildings there's a lot of broken
buildings in general but we might get a
different color palette okay I'll settle
for a different color palette
yeah and josh has the beard like no
one's gonna be josh's beard and now yes
I love that one the stomach and then
that is fucking fantastic that's got its
charms - it's like doom what the glory
glory goes absolutely absolutely earth
tones cuz they live on a plant because
they live on a planet
tired and sad no sorry Anonymous is rich
I finally saw the recovered how involved
with that movie were you zero do you
have any fun or even terrible stories I
feel this piece of rlm history needs to
be explored more they were making a
horror movie I believe there was a know
rich Evans involvement policy they were
making a serious yes
horror movie and I can't do that I have
no interest in that right and so I think
that's fair
I can tell you they there was a
screening of the recovered along with
other people's movies and stuff oh I can
take on the mounted thing and just carry
it with me that's fantastic oh you're
talking there was a screening of the
recovered at a friend's house they set
up a little projector and at the on the
back of their house and we were with a
big group of us watched they were
covered Mike and JC rias me oh this is
gonna be exciting this is very this is
very shortly after I had met them and
you know started doing stuff with them
and hanging out and whatnot
and we get to the end of the recovered
and I initiated people booing and
throwing things at this great line I
didn't much care for the recovered it
had a few really neat horror imagery
scenes really neat ones but overall I
did not like the recovered I've never
seen it you'd ever think they're gonna
know how dare you once again no interest
in a horror movie so you're straight
horror movies there you go the recovered
is a serious movie yes there it's not a
it's not a jokey movie J and Mike are
barely in it it was the ending wasn't it
yes the I I really really did not like
the ending anyone who has seen them
recovered knows exactly why I won't
spoil it for anyone who doesn't who
hasn't seen it but it wasn't all a dream
awesome
really really Wow Wow I'm sure well I
said that because I'm sure it's 20 years
I know it's an old movie so it's spoiler
free but ya know and I think we give at
least at least I'm sure to give J and
Mike shit for it every time the whole
something has a really sucky ending
thing comes up I'd make sure to poke
that bear button sniper rifles are so
boring oh you know they could be fun
I want to rush in and chainsaw them jack
oh well that's fun too but you know what
you get look at that one shot explode
their head that's fun they joked about
it and a half of the bagging said oh I
know I know they have a good sense of
humor about it it's just you know we
were all at that screening a bunch of
people are like a bunch of people were
film nerds and you know everyone knows
that trope and that came up and it was
just empty beer cans at the screen how
did they react when you poke fun it at
their movies there they're fine with it
they they understand they understand the
flaws they made a choice and you know
it's fine
all right let's see here ah
tired senses do you think the Justice
League movie will finally kill the DC
Cinematic Universe I'd save it you never
know you never know know if Batman vs
Superman didn't they're gonna they're
gonna keep trying we made money they're
gonna it's gonna take a loss of money
before anything changes if they're not
losing money right why would they well
so Superman made money it was it was a
you know critical flop but the audience
liked this the producers the studios
they don't give a shit if there were a
critical failure
oh well but critical failure failure can
sometimes mean bad audience perception
you know people don't frequently doesn't
you know it's actually that's more rare
than you think the the critic failure
audience like that's that's more rare
than you think you know like you have
your big examples of like the
Transformers movie come here you little
goblins sorry that's fine what I'm gonna
charge into everything absolutely so you
have Man of Steel which you know was
polarizing you all say but still did
well still did well box-office wise then
but then you add Batman to the mix and I
think a lot of people are willing to
give it another try
even if they didn't like Manistee know
Batman's in this one yeah well give this
another go but Batman solves many
problems Batman to solve many problems
but I think there are there are some
people who might have been turned off
twice in a row and it's gonna turn into
a fool me twice kind of situation right
with Justice League uh-huh I mean I
agree with what you're saying they they
won't stop making them until they stop
the fanboys they don't care about
they don't care they care about their
favorite logos Jack no you know I mean
you're right
you're absolutely right my logos on it
so I will look just don't like that you
can't handle the new interpretation of
Superman what do you want tights you
want to be hero that's childish
I'm an adult man I like adult things
that's right this Superman is adult now
I can play with my Superman toys because
it's grown-up it's what the big kids do
yeah I'm with you I'm with you but they
won't stop making them until they stop
making money so whenever that happens
Wonder Woman comes out first Wonder
Woman will be an interesting testing
ground what happens if we get the
franchise away from Zack Snyder he's
still producing I kind of really like
this been years since I've played it you
can really like it rich it's okay
but here's what we can hope for if if
you are a fan of DC and are like and you
really want a viable DC universe right
huh here's what you can hope for you can
hope that Wonder Woman is an alright
movie and does well at the box office
and that the Justice League movie sucks
and bombs at the box office because then
the people at the WB will say hey once
we had a property without Zack Snyder it
made money and people seem to be okay
with it
maybe we should fire Zack Snyder because
he is undoubtedly the problem they still
made money what snack Snyder that's what
I'm saying that's what you're hoping for
is the NAM zack snyder movie makes money
and the next sex night or movie doesn't
make money okay oh you got jet packs you
got jet packs now
look it up dude they just gave David s
Goyer the new Green Lantern Corps movie
we're fucked
yep you are gone you're sucks you make
shitty movies you're done
nevermind r.i.p DC Cinematic Universe ah
sweet sweet well I guess I know what
you're doing for the rest of the game
if I remember right this is just the
jump pack section which there were a few
of alright so won't be doing that for
the rest of the game who is going David
s Goyer who I believe wrote Man of Steel
most notably to my concerns wrote blade
but then wrote and directed Blade 3
which is a big pile of garbage shit
which even even
you wrote Batman but yeah well he
co-wrote Batman Begins
didn't he he co-wrote all of the Batman
movies if I am correct on that project
you ever have an opinion under pop
culture that doesn't parallel the
majority opinion ah
no no sometimes I'm sure oh you well
yeah I don't like rogue one and the
majority opinion really loves rogue one
some people would just jerks jack this
probably better not to respond to them I
don't get fun I like some things that
people don't and I don't like some
things that people do also I'm really
okay with Independence Day I know a lot
everyone says they don't like it but I
really like it this is fun
beating a dead horse are we Jack yeah
I'm sure that's what we're doing people
ask us about the things talk about the
things things asking about thing Jack
who would have been better to direct
Watchmen a director who could have
handled multiple multiple characters
better who understood that they weren't
supposed to be badass action heroes you
know you know who should have directed
the Watchmen ready for this yeah Darren
Aronofsky
should have directed the watchman I'm an
idiot I'm not sure who that is have you
seen the wrestler yes he directed the
wrestler okay he also directed a bunch
of other stuff but that's the one who
Rick Mickey Rourke yes now I have seen
that now imagine the tone of the
wrestler as the Watchmen right yeah
that's who should have directed the
fucking Watchmen boom done some indie
movie asshole yes that's what the
Watchmen is about yeah if you've ever
seen the wrestler that's the exact tone
of the Watchmen
that's the exact tone then you give them
someone to do you know some some light
action sequences have a make a movie
about a bunch of sad sacks superheroes
in the world ending boom that's it
probably needs a few more animations but
I am fine with this yeah for them for
the kill for the the glory kill no sure
I'll forgive it um let's see here blue
blaze says I I know twitch won't allow
it but I'd watch a stream of jak
disassembling a chicken they would
probably allow it like if there is no
blood like if I got like just a whole
chicken and showed you how to how to cut
it into portions we could do cooking oh
I'm getting oh yeah yeah you're almost
dead what do you think rate you think
twitch would allow them a cooking show
just teach them how to disassemble a
chicken whoo yeah like I'm not gonna
pluck feathers I'm knocking I mean you
cook a steak there's blood involved
twitch does cooking right right twitch
is cooking steaks are bloody raw steaks
but I'm saying like I won't like well
and also it's a super pain in the ass to
pluck chicken feathers so I'll just take
a whole chicken
and show you how to how to portion it
that'd be great if the chicken was not
slaughtered on camera it would call it
qualify as a cooking show boom
this sounds like twitch creative to me
cooking stream yeah yeah yeah hey
anything is possible
anything is possible Jax butcher our
it's you know what it's it's useful
information because if you eat a lot of
chicken it's far cheaper just to buy the
whole chicken and cut it up yourself
than to buy individual stuff fight
anything in this long hallway or one
just just the hallways just the hallway
Hey
yeah sums matter we did you know we'd
have to do some work in the room here
cover some stuff in plastic and we'd
have to we'd have to figure it out and
like I could bring in we could we could
we could go get the grill we could do
some grilling on we could like grill
some chicken oh I could sous vide it
it'd be great we could I could I could
butcher we'll toss it in the sous-vide
play a game for a couple of hours and
then grill it and eat it
we'll play a chicken game it'll be great
I love Black Swan Black Swan was
beautiful speaking of Darren Aronofsky
have you seen Black Swan no Black Swan
was beautiful a lot of things I haven't
seen that's all right and you don't have
to uh Titans head says have you both
seen The Killing Joke animated movie I
can't bring myself to watch it as the
animation is hideously bad I have it
I've never watched it yeah I completely
I completely forgot about it
yep and I haven't and I don't care cuz
the animation looks bad I know I already
know how they fucked up the story so I
read you know the comic rich lent me The
Killing Joke comic I think it's fine
counter totally fine
ah buster load says have some coin yin
knobs feel like a for like four dollars
a week could be better spent but fuck it
just fucking didn't mean to do that
anyhoo Jack what's your favorite beer
and liquor rich how are you at piggyback
rides
lol rimjob Satan I'm terrible at
piggyback rides yeah my favorite beer
usually involves an IPA mostly because
they're higher in alcohol content so I
have to drink less of them to be calorie
conscious and now I've just developed a
taste for for IPAs MKE brewing here in
Milwaukee has a great IPA called hop
freak it's a double IPA that they brew
with tea that's one of my favorites I
also really enjoyed grapefruit beer with
gin and I think I've talked about that a
million times as far as liqueur I'm less
of a liquor person really it's probably
just Jack Daniels like just Jack and
Coke is my drink of choice if I'm gonna
if I'm gonna have a liquor drink I'll
just drink a Jack and Coke
you can detonate your shots rich if you
press pee
are you the king of the hipsters no life
I feel like Jack and cokes are very
normal things and you can blow them up
okay and I like many things that are in
the mainstream remember the the last
person said I only like things in the
mainstream so that's very anti
inspiration iron senses are David s
Goyer Zack Snyder and Michael Bay the
best examples of assholes who fell
upwards David Goyer and Zack Snyder are
absolutely Zack Snyder continues like WB
was done with him after sucker punch his
movies weren't making money and nobody
liked him but they just kept giving him
shit they gave him their biggest fucking
franchise same with Goya well no go you
know what go your head some early hits
go here had some early hits and was
attached to properties that did well
Michael Bay consistently made movies
that made money he did not he Michael
Bay has not failed he always makes
movies that make money critics might not
like them but people sure as hell do I
don't care that's fun
yeah so no Michael Michael Bay is not
failing upward Michael Bay Michael Bay
works he knows what he does and he does
it well it's firstly I enjoy like old
schlocky Michael Bay like the rock is
great
bad boys fucking awesome he's been
around a while honey
no fuck yeah he's been around a while
and he knows what he's doing
but you know critics sure don't like his
new movies but that don't matter cuz
other people do write his films fail
when he tries to make them serious like
pain and gain pain and gain by the way
the the movie starring the rock and Mark
Wahlberg about like steroid abusers who
try to get into petty crime that was a
passion project for Michael Bay like he
had to pull strings to get that movie
made which which will tell you something
about Michael Bank I know the man knows
what he's doing not know failing there
III Snyder is the one who is failing up
head up had a decent hit with with the
remake of Dawn of the Dead so the studio
let him let him try out something flashy
with the 300 turned into a wild success
and then he got the watchman and Sucker
Punch both did not do well at the box
office
WB was kind of done with him and then
some how aka his agent his good friends
with the head of Warner Brothers
he gets their biggest franchise
rumor has it that zack snyder's agent is
very good friends with the president of
Warner Brothers why did the studio give
him down in the first place that's not a
low-budget newbie job absolutely that's
the low-budget movie job that was a
remake that was a zombie movie it's a
zombie movie with a recognizable title
any anyone could handle that anyone can
handle that he had me it made some stuff
I had made some student films some indie
stuff and and a hand him that and he did
fine with it I like yeah allegedly
allegedly allegedly Zack Snyder's agent
is very very good phrase oh I don't want
to waste that hit the wrong button Oh
have mercy on me
no you won't with the with the president
of Warner Brothers and allegedly his
agent refused to leave his office until
the president of Warner Brothers gave
the Superman movie to Zack Snyder and
allegedly all Zack Snyder had to do was
fire his cinematographer
all right now I did the thing
now what game it wants you go back there
and do another thing Oh
the 300 you know what I didn't mind the
300 because I like the style of it it
was gaudy and over-the-top but I felt
like that's what it was going for
watchman's budget was 138 million
worldwide total 185 million and they say
you need to add you know another half of
the budget to to its advertising so yeah
Watchmen lost money and I'm okay with
like I like the style I like the gaudy
nature I felt it was fitting to the
story it was over-the-top
you know fitting to Frank Miller yeah
don't you think it's like buff dudes
thrusting people to death like it was it
was over-the-top so I'm okay with 300
300 costs 65 million made four hundred
and fifty six million
Shaboom
watch the RiffTrax for 300 it's
brilliant
maybe maybe buff dudes thrust in people
to death yeah that's all that's all
Frank Miller or that's all Zack Snyder
wants it's like the buff is dude killing
people with their dicks that was like it
is mouth certain senses although I know
it's it's too well known and liked by
fans to be considered for best of the
worst
but Arnold's film commando is shockingly
bad not even cheesy just bad like that
when I was kid you know it's been a
while it's been a while since I've seen
them and anonymous is rich yep
you may be having fun yeah but are you
having fun correctly no you're not you
seem to be enjoying yourself I know but
I hate everything right I was I mean you
might not be having fun correctly and
like have you tried min maxing stat
adjusting like can you change change
your outfit you know get some defense
buffs and try to have you try some of
that yeah it's been a while since I
watched commando yeah I remember loving
it action that prime action schlock
right there
video the way you fix your overlay to be
top and bottom bars only so we can have
more screen to look in video too much I
might be able to shrink the blue I felt
this was a pretty good compromise
no no get the guy yeah III have a
feeling if I were to watch commando
again I would fucking love it but I like
that kind of stuff so neither rich and I
are as big of John Carpenter fans as Jay
but then again no one is as big of a
John Carpenter very young pretty watch I
like John Carpenter is that how you guys
John Carpenter fans
yeah John Carpenter fan nobody as is as
big as John Carpenter famous genius well
yeah I will make that claim but ah no
Avenger if I have not played any more
Pokemon and they just I just got really
bored of it I'm not enjoying the Sun and
Moon Pokemon boot boot
mulder and scully action figures and the
ice nice the red epic says my wife and I
went to see rogue one a few days ago
spoilers
it sucked as Trekkies we both found it
kind of embarrassing
PS the guy who said commando is just as
bad should probably be banned a lot of
people don't don't quite understand the
bad movies we're looking for come at you
no commandos cheesy commando schlocky
it's not necessarily bad filmmaking not
necessarily bad film but not necessarily
best of over the top definitely over the
top of cheesy yeah there's a difference
between commando and deadly prey there
you go that's a fine comparison a fine
comparison don't forget these styrofoam
bricks out of my way hey this guy's
super strong jack oh you're right you're
right
it's got battle armor and shit
commando is too good for bezel is
probably commando would be perfect for
like a review kind of thing yeah that
would be a good spot for it yeah
high-class flock whoo I like that get
onboard you Schmucks are going up the
elevator train the elevator train the
elevated train no way hop on - dude
Netflix needs a secret rating which
reads I hate this give me more
that's when you create an you know the
Netflix has the different users is that
fuller house one I hate this give me
more well is if I I think what I'm
reading that as is I you know this is
dumb I shouldn't like this but I kind of
like this and I want you to I want to
watch more things like this yeah that's
when you create a little a separate user
called dumb and anytime you feel like
watching a dumb thing you switch over to
that user watch your dumb thing and then
you're dumb you're dumb user well will
gather that stuff and that stuff is okay
to watch everyone has those guilty
pleasures Oh heard the Star Wars fan boy
settled down Star Wars fan boys what are
we tricking him on now no that last tip
whereas Trekkies they didn't like how
Star Wars settle down I don't care if I
trigger Star Wars fan boys I mean they
need to grow up I just wonder if there's
gonna be you know you cuz usually
criticism comes in waves and right now
it's high tide for positive reviews of
rogue one and I wonder how long it's
gonna take to reach that point where
everyone goes you know looking back at
it rogue one really wasn't that great
how long rich
I don't even care yeah a couple years do
you think is it all it's gonna take is
like for the for episode 8 take the next
Star Wars movie they love right
I know rogue one really wasn't bad great
it'll take about a year yeah maybe about
a year maybe about a year well when it
when when does eight come out is that
this December where's that next December
uh this I think oh okay so every year is
it yeah shit rich well that well then if
it's this year then I I
I predict that as soon as episode eight
is out we will see we will see review
pieces on looking back at rogue one did
you read the official release regarding
Carrie Fisher no dad's huh drugs oh I
meant her her and her role in episode 8
oh no I had not because she princess law
or you know general Leia had had a large
role in episode really yes and so there
was a big concern among people whether
or not they would CG her or do something
weird like that and they came out and
said they have no plans of CG Carrie
Fisher in episode as that would that
would be they they feel that would be
disrespectful right so
has a lot of a had dad has ah goddamnit
the point is they're not they're not
going to turn her into a dumb grand moff
tarkin cartoon
distracted me with too much Carrie
Fisher talk jack I'm sad I'm very very
sorry but they were not that respectful
when she was always she was barely in
that one that doesn't count
that doesn't count and and Peter Cushing
is that who grand moff tarkin was he's
been dead for years
that's a bad idea regardless oh well
just looked bad what if he didn't want
to be enrolled one huh what if you don't
wanna be over wonderful what if Peter
Cushing didn't want to be too associated
with star wars you know I want to
distance myself from this I had a whole
other career beyond that sure he's kind
of stuck back in against his will I mean
he's dead he has no will but I mean it
is disrespectful the cgi grand moff
tarkin absolutely it's like it's like
making a musical starring Fred Astaire
yeah I wonder I wonder if drummer drew
this years ago the commercial they had
Fred Astaire dancing with a vacuum
cleaner I do remember that didn't that
wasn't there a lawsuit about that I
think there was and I thought I thought
that the like his family won that
lawsuit so I don't really remember
enough about that actually that makes me
wonder if they somehow got permission
from his family or his estate or you
know or if they just said oh he's our
character we own him forever
I own the character Beck
spambot idiot I didn't think he looked
fine I I have heard from some people who
said he looked fine grand moff tarkin
yeah no way
I I don't think so I think he looked
like a big cartoon it was the worst it
was the absolute worst I was talking to
my mother-in-law about it who saw with
me yeah it's jarring huh
well you see CGI grand moff tarkin I
think it is but I talked to her about it
to be fair she's older yep she has poor
eyesight she didn't know who I was
talking about when I said the the the
person who was sellin CG I say oh that
older guy you know the the guy the
general who was yelling at the other bad
guy you know he oh he's CG oh my but
she's an she's an elderly so you know
her eyes are bad to me I thought it was
I thought it was terrible
can we stop with the hyperbole it wasn't
the worst in know the Polar Express was
the worst this was pretty damn bad it
will and here's the thing in in a
situation like this where you are
integrating a CG character directly next
to live-action characters I don't feel
like there is a middle ground you either
do it right and it looks good or it
looks bad and if it looks bad then it's
the worst you could possibly do it
because then its job bullshit who Donna
who blew up
oh right when I got out of the the kill
animation I got blowed up by one of the
little fuckers oh the suicide think yeah
and so I'm going to agree that you know
hyperbole gets a little out of hand but
I'm also going to defend rich Evans in
saying that it is the worst simply
because it does not work when it takes
you out of the film because it looks so
jarring yeah you shouldn't have done it
right what was he doing up there
yuck up there but you know at least in
the Polar Express like everyone's a
horrifying cartoon right yeah so that's
not a big deal
I don't know how anyone was okay with
CGI grand moff tarkin I agree
the minute you see it you don't say
there's grand moff tarkin you say oh
there's CGI grand moff tarkin
yes there's Roger Rabbit yes how funny
that the actors mind along with him oh
this will be great behind-the-scenes
footage when it's distracting it's a bad
special effect yes yes I agree rich
Lana I don't feel like I'm
misrepresenting your views I'm just
talking about the hyperbole and we went
off on them the blue blaze says I had
two ideas for best of the worst episodes
famous bad edition with the room
Birdemic and mannose hands of fate and
masturbation edition with three movies
you guys were in some way involved with
what bad movies we were son in some way
involved with I don't think there are
that many movies we were in some way
involved with is the problem
Kasper is saying you know it's it's not
just it's not just grand moff tarkin
the cgi tentacle monster in the force
awakens yeah that was distracting to I
wasn't a fan of that right right but
yeah we just happen to be talking about
Grandma fear but any any bad CG I don't
know what people think
I love the force awakens remember all
all of red letter media is one unit
you're right right exactly
I was the dissenting voice that episode
no I still liked it I just didn't love
it and yonder yonder says I think people
who aren't used to computer graphics are
okay with target you should do a survey
have everyone say if they were okay with
it whether or not they are avid gamers I
bet there's a pattern it is I wonder I
wonder about that like I said you know
my wife's mom didn't even notice it but
to be fair she has pretty poor eyesight
like you know she doesn't drive at night
poor eyesight so right
if you defend that effect you have to be
a troll I can't believe anybody thought
oh good I think some people genuinely
thought it no no it's so off-putting so
out of place and you gotta be you got
any wine I know I don't believe you if
you like that effect Marcel's Holanda
I'm editing one right now which and I
did a previously recorded the other day
and I'm working on editing it right now
I also have another job I'm working on
right now so it's gonna be slow going
I'm hoping to have it up before I leave
for Madison this weekend so if not it'll
be early next week but
I'm aware it's it's a fun episode I fund
a fun previously recorded it's a good
conversation we had
got some trouble got some trolls in here
got some tar controls
full average X Mensa says from the
independent literally today the biggest
talking point of rock one a star wall
story was undoubtedly it's breathtaking
use of CGI which recreated Peter Cushing
in a young Carrie Fisher so perfectly as
to raise ethical questions with regards
to using actors likenesses after the
death recreating them so perfectly
that's crazy
now you could start editing it right now
well I could I could start editing it
right now but more likely I'm gonna go
home and go to bed
I think we're gonna give rich one more
chance with yes yeah see if you can get
past this section I know I've done
before
oh yeah I also wonder like if watching
it in 3d played any difference where
everything kind of looks weird and
cartoony someone said they didn't notice
but they were wearing through the 3d
goggles maybe that had something to do
with maybe that could help is what I'm
yeah that could help put some Vaseline
on the lungs they make clip-on 3d
glasses for movie theaters I would love
that I hate putting on those stupid
glasses over my glasses I'd rather just
not go - yeah
Tiberius Kirk is not trolling and saying
genuinely gently genuinely was ok with
target yeah I don't get it
yeah are you doing
you excited about Lego Batman movie am i
excited but might be fun how excited of
course I I have kids so you know kids
are super excited about Lego Batman
movie the funny part is they were they
were watching some Netflix movie the
other day called the nutjob it's the
movie about the squirrels who go on a
heist caper yeah
and like you know or they're watching
this movie I wasn't watching it with
them they're watching the movie another
sudden like well just goes hey that
squirrels Batman because well our net
does the voice of one of the squirrels
in the nut job and I was like oh yeah
the same guy voices me goes no that's
Batman from Lego Batman and you know how
do you explain that to a kid like no
well it's the same voice actor doing
yeah yeah it's bad news it's great
then we want then we watch the trailer
for the new Lego Batman movie and I just
I'm so excited about it it looks great
the nut job seekers cup the manhole yeah
hey guys says the red epic the next-gen
question of the night how do you feel
about the character queue he seems to be
either despised or loved by the truck
community I personally think he had a
lot of worth I like you yeah I don't
know they're people who despise him you
know fuck this God Jesus Christ is there
another one up top
I could see how like hard sci-fi fans
might think he's a little too Magic II
roll away the camp
Oh God rich
whoo oh fuck that skin of your teeth oh
but I also like you I think he had some
really fun episodes also it like his
introduction episode is grade 4.0 that's
the first episode yeah yeah that's fun
ah hey the whole he testing humanity
thing that's great that's fun that's fun
I I'm gonna I'm gonna look up laksa what
at you I know you keep talking about
laksa look this up considering corrects
usual philosophy of throwing down
religion and humanity doing it on its
own yeah it kind of shits on that a bit
once cube becomes more benevolent in
later seasons okay like you from early
trick from far point is a very different
cue from the cue from the tapestry
episode
okay let's Picard find out what life
would be like if he hadn't been so bold
few stories go from Picard getting what
up on cue he's right after all he was
wrong and it turns into it devolves and
do Picard asking Q for help yeah because
he was looking after humanity yeah I
could see that I could see yeah that's
where I could see some fans I still like
him as a character but I can understand
that eclis how that could be off-putting
if you're normally a fan of treks values
yeah yeah yeah but also some fun
episodes yeah some fun Q episodes and
Tiberius Kirk I I am easier on season 1
of next gen than riches I think there's
some good season so no but Tiberius Kirk
says you know wait Jack admitted there
was a good one in season one I like
season Bridgeton remember we're
different people
yeah season 1 I don't think ever climbs
out of mediocrity at best I think that's
probably where far point is
mediocrity at best mostly because John
de Lancie is cute alright hey I think I
think we're done let's thank some people
and that's great
you beat the thing this looks like a fun
game
no we need we need an accurate we don't
have the subs from early on after we
crashed yeah no we got to figure that
shit out now you know what I just have
to I got to put it on the laptop I will
work on that yeah we have to remember we
have to remember to get it on the laptop
watcher I think that's a good idea
great you could call this as a hi rich
and Jack Jack on your next visit silly
what are you visiting for silver like
ramen or Roscoe's chicken and waffles
gallywix thank you for space coolkid
Deathwing yeah he said but be careful
though this is gonna test the limits of
your graphics card I'll probably go to
silver like ramen first and Rosco's gift
may already have been redeemed hope they
go
just a weird somebody who I've stolen
the gift is that possible that is not
possible is that possible it's not bad
it's not in her it's not he didn't
redeem it
now yeah there you go you forgot to hit
that button I did hit that button and
said this mate gift may have been
redeeming something it's fine
everything's fine if oh wait we can you
know we can do we can do we can do this
subs boom thank you hack bot thank you
hack button
all right I got him I got him on the lap
er topper okay mmm holy carla Ming Carla
means holy column Ange
oh well I can't it's waving around no
it's just move it all around move it all
around waving around and moving all
around soup pilgrim liquid a tea oh my
god I almost dropped that coffee spots
vid shadow I'm just gonna do a few yeah
yeah that's make sense on kool-aid man
for 27 fucking months in a row your
streams really help me make it through
the drudges of winter thank you guys
favorite customer smile you're on candid
candid camera
TC 209 lavada
I hope this money will be used to help
treat Jax a spreadsheet addiction one
the the spreadsheet about which episode
did and did not contain a bassoon was
made by leftover beefcake - it was
incredibly helpful to all of us looking
for the bassoon there is nothing wrong
with proper organization nothing at all
okay I and Liz Earle is lizard wizard is
where I stop lizard wizard in selenium
okay all right purple space bazooka 24 I
was just fucking with more than one
where's this one now twenty four fucking
months in a row holy crow 24 fucking
months with my favorite hack frauds
thank you for all you guys do and may
your 2017 not suck royally always
forward forward always
mr. shields II says what what rebel base
says I love listening to your guys
banter over games well thank you thank
you
savage engine slapnut 73 tofu a says you
know huh just wanted to thank you all
for being my true BAE's also Nintendo's
new gimmick is aids me personally
I give it a 9 out of 10 cool
Dilek young Grand Moff Callie 27 fucking
months in a row when are we gonna get
CGI Grand Moff Kali
get on that CGI Grand Moff Kali ragged
scribe 17 months says I'm 17 now Magnus
PU twenty four fucking months a neurosis
two fucking years
oh my god rich yeah blind fury yeah
it's getting a blu-ray release I know I
know that means a lot to you it does
Jackie gangers lady dead in 14 months
free top space Jack 2084 it's like the
texture of pudding only for your ears
that's what I'm talking about Dan man 60
to 80 Ivan's iced says Fresno bob says
enjoying my four-month sub even though
I'll be dead from cholesterol in
two years Oh fee boo
my name is Tate 19 months in a row 19
months it's almost my 20th motherfucking
month in a fucking row fucking
anniversary fuck
hunchback jack 20 fucking months in a
row looking forward to at least 20 more
months of no orcs in space thanks rich
and Jack yonder yonder on the chat I I
agree with you about Star Trek
insurrection
it was the most most faithful TNG movie
to what T and G was I agree fully Denso
Washington two days from retirement did
lit a dude digital attitude mg is the
full name there mister tummy giggles
forgoing andrew gusli coffee for man ah
Oz Mike 25 fucking months in a row
insert witty comment here someplace I
got nothing
generations was a clumsy awful movie
where they killed Kirk in the dumbest
way ever it's just weird
first contact is a stupid action movie
it's a very stupid action movie and they
also managed to ruin everything that was
interesting about the Borg Nemesis is
depressing and dark for the sake of
being depressing and dark and it also
becomes a dumb action movie the plot of
insurrection while they while they
schlock it up and there's there's they
add in the dumb action parts like a TNG
episode never would have ended in a
fistfight with the card and the bad guy
the matically it's something they would
have done on the show with the ethics of
Starfleet and the Fountain of Youth and
it's the closest it's not perfect by any
means but it is the closest the TNG
movies ever got to being
what the next generation is or was no
that's my piece that's that's totally
fair
what we've all that's my I said okay
that's a penny
top ramens twenty three fucking months
in a row says almost two years Ireland
entertainment ROM Romans loathes top fix
dark matter 18 months is two months
until fucking doctor so--yes 21 fucking
months a neurosis rich Jesus loves you
disco Kings they got that going for you
I wanna see love me he's been dead for
two 2000 years if he even existed he
loves you from afar then from very far
but traveller speaks if I didn't say
that one before and also disco king
because I forgot where I was left off
budget Messiah says for the Emperor and
that was all I was it that was everyone
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
it's true we really do I
I gotta awkwardly end the stream because
I'm nowhere near the mouse oh stare at
the camera very awkward no we're just
awkward like this

[Part II]
I have to I have to arrive to do what
why do I have to do it if to create your
relic no I don't
hey everyone you should be seeing us
what is what is the name of our Force
commander who in the chat wants the
honor to be force command force
commander there we go hey welcome
everyone who's gonna be our force
commander what's what a force commander
is we don't know it's this guy this face
since the guy from the opening cinematic
oh he's Force Commander Force Commander
what the fuck is this this is dawn of
war - part of the Warhammer 40,000
series now this is the important part
yeah laughs people we need to play this
you need to play this they say it's just
like Helldivers is that what they've
said that's what they saw ok hold on
I've seen videos I know they are 150
percent wrong they're so wrong they have
broken the rules of probability
that's how wrong they are ok cool we
gotta pick a name I guess here oh yeah I
got the thing I got the thing you got
the torture though you have the
randomizer have the randomizer yeah I'm
the twat sure and I will use it hi
everybody welcome Chet Chet lottery
lottery just some subs rebel base oh how
funny ok that's that has a nice hint of
irony to it that a rebel base will be
our fourth commander below
what's a Warhammer I don't know I know
they have lots of figurines rabello for
obey oh I I have no more characters
that's a great rebellion
nope that makes no sense
beverage that makes no sense check
that's it that's all you got look at
that look at a huge space for a name
that's very strange
I don't know I don't I don't quite get
it but hey I was gonna come up with some
goofy sounding name I really can so I'm
just gonna go you know full-on vanilla
because it fits difficulty shoes if
you're new to real time strategy games
choose if you've played real time
strategy games before well I've played
them I don't like them historically you
know and we're new to the series good
the beta the easiest difficulty rich had
great some sector aralia Shakhtar ha
register of world stands on the very
edge of the Imperium of man from this
frontier came the blood ravens
a chapter of the Emperor's own space
oh he was talking under that gunfire
obviously I was saying people shoo them
defending these world's riches are fed
up yet but no no no no I'm a long ways
from a newly promoted commander ready to
lead in our darkest hour you are this
space marine Jack I hate everything and
you will tip the balance to ward very
bullet in your head
permanently lodged is it a bullet or is
it some kind of science fiction thing
there's an implant oh I like to think of
it as a bullet just like I shot you in
the head and you're not taking that shit
my assumption was brain implant thing
hmm sure commander rebel base commander
rebel be I love it I love it this is an
older game right here in the grand
scheme of things it's that old all right
calderas we Bloodraven select our
initiative this world's fierce warriors
Garrus is the treatment
right now the orcs would take it from us
it's pronounced rebelled they say we
cannot rebuild mrs. rebelled they say I
am I am Joe commander rebelled they say
I've even go to war now
this is captain Davian Thank You captain
commander on calderas you're welcome we
are battling the orcs that threaten this
work how's it sound for you on
you have dropped right into the combat
zone I didn't watch the videos when this
looks like things take coverage which
I'm not used to seeing huge fan of the
genre
everyone's gonna result this game did it
that goop did it this gave it it looks
like the game audio is is a pretty on
par with our audio so let's let's move
the desktop audio down a lot of explody
stuff and booming noises and boom boom
boom alright okay rendezvous with Allied
troops how do we select units how do we
move oh it looks like I'll show your
resolutions yeah I'm gonna you could try
and if you could fix thanks that game I
had I had escaped to go to menus there
we go I saw that breaking on Berkey a
gird the switch yeah the Nintendo switch
has a little kickstand so you can like
set it up like you know if you're right
if you're flying in an airplane or
something or just you know not not on
your base it's got a little kickstand
and while it's in kickstand mode you
can't charge it because the chargers on
the bottom which is a little silly wait
I'm looking for resolution and that's
not in here graphics maybe from the main
menu right
can I get to the main menu up there game
options effects density brightness
that's not what I need to change at all
ah can you like scroll down no thanks
already cuz right I can't see everything
on the screen there's like things that
apparently I can click on but I can't
see it that's kind of important for me I
don't know what you guys can see him why
can you see them and we can't see them
have something to do the TV I'm just
gonna quit the game and start again
yeah we'll skip the cutscene I forget
though those little buttons on the on
the side you know the like right up here
you guys could see those but they were
cut off for us first maybe maybe would
let me change it because we were in the
game back here to the main menu that
could be some time soon it's already
running game gets finicky about shade
absolute let's get it they save change
resolution to make me yeah this is not a
negative we're not making fun of the
game everybody just settle down settle
down for like two seconds I need options
oh my god this is much more things to
click on there we go yeah look at that
let's kick that all the way up to where
it needs to be for its proper thing for
the thing okay that is my thing great
except
we're singing proper now I won't
accepted it but I didn't like that
didn't like that didn't like that
probably too high try again that's fine
we're gonna try again jack let's rock
rock and roll rich so while we're
waiting here what did you think of this
which did you see any news on the swing
all I cared about were the game
announcements right and a lot of a lot
of companies like on Twitter and stuff
have already like announced that like
hey this games coming to switch you know
like a lot of indie titles a lot of
indie titles coming up on Triple A games
oh oh a lot of things I could probably
play on Steam yeah probably
oh I could probably play these things
that aren't Stan oh so at the end as
I've been saying all along yeah this is
gonna be the interesting Mario game and
there's gonna be the interesting Zelda
game no I'm not a particularly
interested Mario Cart or smash those
will probably be there too so give me
for me there's gonna be this just those
two games and just those two games but
and you know what but maybe it's worth
it for just those two games maybe it is
yeah but you're gonna you're gonna like
like like every fucking Nintendo
consoles since the 64 is giving you a
shit
third-party support that's what it's
looking like from the queue on it's
looking like the hardware because
because there's no real gimmick this
time yeah it looks like it will be much
easier to make games or port games to
the switch
crash oh I think okay you gotta take
down that resolution if you can I think
I just tried that we are are we full
crash no I see you moving over there
it's closed dawn of war and that's a
full crash alien of seven no real get by
no real gimmick I mean to say like the
DES has two screens and so if you port
your game over to the DS and you had it
like a small game unless you need to
accommodate the two screens the same
with the Wii U the same with the Wii
with motion controls those are the
gimmicks that you needed to change your
game to accommodate the gimmicks whereas
with the switch for for example
Michael's announced that Binding of
Isaac after birth will be available for
the switch they don't need to do
anything to make it switch compatible
it's just a screen there's no real
gimmick it has the gimmick of plugging
it into the TV but no I you know what
does that make sense no real gimmick now
once again the whole thing's a gimmick
but it's easier to port games to it
alright be with me here will they be
with me will they will they bother
because it'll end up having a low
install base I don't know man that price
point is pretty pretty good the Zelda
launch title will help them solve the
launch site it will help them and that
price point is insane what is it 300 oh
wow yeah good that's a low price is what
I'm saying for a new console I think
that's a lot of money for just Mario and
Zelda on the go Mario Zelda on the go
man I don't care about on the go we
don't care about another girl I'll give
a shit about on the go for I'm excited
for on the go what am I gonna play it
while I'm driving then when I get to the
place where I'm going I'm gonna need to
do things at the place where I'm going
oh here we go Gino suave puts it nice it
doesn't have a gimmick in the same sense
that the Vita doesn't have a gimmick it
totally has a gimmick but you can
totally ignore the gimmick is I guess
what I'm trying to say as a as a game
developer you can ignore okay you gonna
said the same thing about the Wii U yes
said the same thing but no you did need
to Pro like Nintendo said you needed to
put stuff on that second screen you put
bullet you put bullshit on there and you
don't focus on it but that's something
you needed to accommodate yeah you don't
need to accommodate that this is you
know this is point copy-paste porting
you can play in the crapper right this
is this is my this is not my bathroom
console absolutely okay here go now I
can see the things that I need to click
on great this is this is useful great
we're we're all right move north moving
your units yeah that's true it all
depends on how it all depends on how
open Nintendo is going to be with their
games but I think there's their strong
movement I think the type of games I
know what
they automatically attack they're
automatically attacking it seems what is
this why is he doing I have one
you only have one going that way he just
charges them
alright well he automatic he
automatically kills the things I I don't
know what's going on in a real time
strip my god I mean well yeah we'll
probably get a switch because we'll try
me to do zeldo probably get a couple of
switches if we can yeah what am i doing
and they're just shooting automatically
yeah you're moving them to where you
want to shoot stuff no I needed to know
what she was saying
what are their hotkeys I oh my god oh my
god
things are just happening I have no time
to adjust what I'm doing this is like
god these real-time games are so
stressful by the way no this is nothing
like Helldivers know so far this is
nothing absolutely nothing like
Helldiver you people all lied to me
if if I were to look at a screenshot of
this I might say hey this kind of looks
top-down isometric like Helldivers does
right but no this is nothing like health
Ivor's oh there's some sort of audio
fuck up to what is happening I you know
what everything's fine
oh my God look at that there's a whole
thing happening over there you tell them
what to attack
I know yeah I know about the hot key how
about attacking you yeah let me just
click on and read this shit in the
middle of a battle
Oh God realtime strategy games why why
that's true from software is working on
something for this wage there's there's
a lot of there's a lot of there's a lot
of third-party developers like Bethesda
there they're putting Skyrim over there
this way so they're gonna be working on
stuff for this way like I think there is
going to be slightly more support
whether or not it's worth it is all
whether or not you care about mobile
gaming because that's the big thing with
this which for me I love mobile gaming I
do it all the time so it will you know
probably be something I get a lot of use
out of I know I've seen a couple like
people make like makeshift like handheld
steam boxes I would love a handheld
steam box just you know something to
play the little indie side scroller ship
games I would love that and so that's
what I'm thinking of the switch ads
hopefully it's just a tiny little steam
box that's what's their range your your
guys they're an indicator for the range
when they where they shoot no I said
this is I got a thing these games are
such a clusterfuck I don't even know
what I did but you did it race you mate
you did you made it to the end were
these guys do I control them to dragon
what are these indicators mean how do I
just this what is going on there there
are little book things over there maybe
we could read those oh my god
the left mouse button you will have
access to that Ward year once you have
completed your current mission Hey
oh sorry rotoscoping yes that is my job
let's see here no proceeding to the next
objective I don't know what the fuck I'm
doing just keep hurting his family
burrows kavik says the new Mario Kart
game for the switch is literally Mario
Kart 8 but with battle mode maps they
just decided to finish the game to
finish a game to release it on switch
your thoughts
lol nibble my nipples yeah they're just
like re-releasing a bunch of games for
switch including stuff like Mario Kart 8
the same Maps yeah well but like with a
battle mode now
oh well that's so exciting that's fine
their prop they're propping up their
launch I mean it's not looking good it's
not looking good for a Nintendo like did
you hear that their stock price dropped
after the announcement yeah be good like
their investors are not are not excited
about this about this way they are not
excited look the only thing you want on
an attempt the problem with Nintendo
yeah as I see it the problem with
Nintendo is that they make hardware yep
new Mario game oh that looks neat
new Zelda game all that looks neat you
got to buy their special $300 piece of
hardware to do it with the gimmicks and
everything they were just coming out if
they just came out of like steam or
something that would be fabulous no it
would be it really would be
oh yeah it's a PlayStation that's great
Murray's probably gonna be fun games
olds probably a fun game and then I'll
be honest with you though the Mario game
looked really fucking weird what what
yeah what's what's so weird about it
dude a mario is standing next to real
looking people you say that as if 80% of
that trailer weren't Mario in new weird
bizarre colorful interesting landscapes
there were new weird desires lots of
them lots of them him in New York was
weird it was weird seeing him next to a
normal person okay that was weird
why is that I don't think it's
inherently bad I'm not saying bad I'm
saying especially when large chunks of
the game looks like there look like
there are the same kind of colorful
fanciful
occasions at Mario games always take
place in what I'm what I'm worried about
is the what's the what's the Sonic the
Hedgehog game that came out later that's
why everybody's worried and it's dumb
thing to make just because it visually
looks you know what it visually sonic
and real people Mario and real people
these two games are going to be the
exact same thing it's face marines on a
planet shooting at aliens it's race
machine shooting on a aliens and a
planet Helldivers and donna for two are
the exact same thing you see the flaw in
that logic i'm not say absurd water
anybody who's saying it's gonna be just
like sonic oh six is a fucking moron
including you there is you just said
that there is a trend of someone not
understanding
I think Mari I think I think Nintendo
was bright enough not to emulate the
most hated video game of the last whole
years but it made like seeing him seeing
Mario next to real people made me feel
uncomfortable
visually he supposedly comes from New
York right but then you make all New
Yorkers look like Mario and then you
make a whole little world of people that
look like Mario it's fine yeah gonna be
fine no it may be worrying about nothing
made me feel funny made me feel funny
translate the rage into slang or I can't
even know what the fuck I'm doing you
have to read the thing you have to read
the thing
all right gobbledygook says if it's if
it's easy to port why isn't skyrim a
switch launch title because Nintendo is
at ease
it's the significant other who only puts
out once a month to make you think the
sex is better than it is why would
anybody get excited about a 5 year old
game appearing on the switch
no one's excited about it's the dumbest
fucking title to port over no one is
excited about Skyrim coming over they
are excited that Bethesda is on board
for making games on this one by throwing
them a game they made years ago that
means nothing absolutely nothing with
her it means that hey they've already
made one there's a possibility of more
which means there's a possibility of the
third party support which we all agree
is what we're looking for and in
Nintendo releases like with Arkham City
on the Wii U was her consider yeah years
years after it was out made this rock
steady by Warner Brothers oh okay did
they make any other games for you
whatever games well they made all the
Batman ones which I don't think Arkham
Knight came out on the way you I don't
think but I could be wrong
I think Bethesda is a little bit bigger
than right yes they are so like that's a
bigger that's a bigger game this would
not make me excited about all the new
Bethesda games that are gonna come out
oh no what you know what
the Fez the game they're gonna be the
same Bethesda games that come out on
PlayStation 4 which you probably already
own right making it kind of useless to
you that it's also coming out on the
switch the Fez de is a big third-party
developer yes they are on board for
making a game that opens doors okay that
opens maybe that doors possibilities
possibilities okay don't you think no no
no it's gonna have a small install base
and they're gonna be reluctant to make
games for a small install base when they
can make a game that comes out the
PlayStation 4 they'll do multi platinum
they'll be fine with that
yeah well that's and that's what I'm
hoping for is that it will be easy to
port games over or you know have a multi
platinum platform release for games and
so then anyone who wants to say play
this one game but also play it mobile II
will have the option to do so I guess
I'm what a frag grenade all right so I
don't control them alright that's that's
handy knowledge that's handy knowledge
you don't control what those other guys
okay
beatable boom nothing absolutely nothing
like Helldivers yeah except for in the
most superficial ways possible
you guys should play rim world it's just
like Helldivers I am a member of chat so
you know I am trustworthy it says Sean
underscore underscore no I clicked on
the fragment why don't use the frag
grenade why did you leave cover
it's gonna be running according to
initial release is something like like
the breath of the wild or breath of the
wind or whatever the Zelda game is
called is going to be running at 720p 60
frames a second handheld and 1080p 60
frames a second I don't feel like I'm
doing much of anything right
why are you getting behind the ears get
behind the cover what am i doing so Cole
says poor rich sounds so stressed
already the switch presentation was such
a shame I really wanted to like it and
then they started the wiggle and stuff
please give rig a hug oh and lol fuck my
cock Cara Caron is chairman of rich
hugging yeah I'm sure she will give rich
a hug when he gets home and yeah they
are like all of their like weird if you
guys have seen any of their footage on
their like cow milking game or any of
their weird motion games I don't I don't
know what what they're doing holding on
to old gimmicks because that's what made
him a shit ton of money but all of that
stuff all that stuff is crazy
savage engine says I'm just one I just
wonder how much single-player content
will be released on the switch I'm
getting tired of Nintendo being so
multiplayer party game centric some of
us prefer a game alone looks at rich
yeah well you know we know we know for
sure they got a Mario and Zelda and
Zelda is a launch title which they
really really needed which of course
means that it's done already and it
should have been a Wii U title but
they're holding it's also coming on on
the Wii U I have heard it is coming out
but nobody else will be used ha ha ha
see you may as well just buy a switch
for and you may as well just buy the
switch absolutely because then you can
play it on the go or on the can how are
you what is this yeah what is that it's
a supply crate open it just destroy it
for I just don't that's all right you
can get there you can get it
use frag grenades on me ok ok
but yeah though the whole presentation
dude like he probably didn't watch the
livestream right it was it was a little
cringy it was a little weird it didn't
have the heart like Miyamoto wasn't
really a part of it and it looks pretty
much retired at this point she's still
really active I mean he's still doing
stuff but he's probably more like a like
a Stan Lee like a just a face of the
organization but I think he's still like
overseer I have no idea what I did I
just move people around and they shot at
things you did it you did it I guess I
did that's all you need to do well that
was tutorial to you leveled up you
leveled up people that's great let's see
here cured Daly cure says Jack just to
confirm you Jack named your first son
Jack son and your second son Parker is
this correct lol please have sex with me
if you have it reverse it's my first son
no commies Parker my second son is
Jackson anonymous says rumor has it that
Robert Zemeckis and James Cameron have a
beef over who makes better movies box
office aside who do you side with in
that beef who is the biggie and who is
the Tupac neither of them made a good
movie in 20 years
boom name a name you have some Zemeckis
movies Back to the Future right if that
done that's all you need give me some
more Forrest Gump
okay used cars I don't think I know that
one
Zemeckis titles appellate what that
dollar to never stop Ron Howard why am I
trying blinks
I shouldn't be drunk blinks you know all
over the back of the future movies right
right right
cast away they're saying oh is that
Ray's Roger Rabbit Zemeckis oh yeah
you're right oh god I totally forgot
about I was right
I was about to say Cameron all the land
BAM Cameron aliens Terminator uh he is
yeah
an Terminator the abyss yeah this is
pretty yeah
aliens one of my favorite movies of all
time right but then again so was Back to
the Future back in future who framed
roger rabbit right I love the first
Terminator I mean they make very
different movies totally did you I'm
trying to think of more Cameron movies
that I love there's not many
there's not many they really aren't
there really aren't Terminator
Terminator poo terminators a big one
though Terminator 2 sauce aliens is a
huge one alien then you got the abyss
the abyss which was great what was the
Arnold Schwarzenegger one True Lies true
or true lies is beautiful is its it's
alright it's good love it I didn't love
it it's beautiful
Zemeckis did contact yeah yeah I don't
know he did avatar and he did I know you
know what I've stabbed Attar's the most
forgettable movie of all time it is he
made it it made a ton of money I give
him credit for that sort of Titanic
neither of them are my personal then
neither of them make my personal
favorites I've specially avatar and you
know I've never seen Titanic still I've
never seen it's the schmaltz yeah that's
what I'm sure I might have to go to
Mecca just because I've arrived a rabbit
back to the future
they're pretty tied but it's just when
you compare they're good movies if
you're right like if we throwing all the
crap Zemeckis might lose because I think
he's made more well you know whereas
Mecca sluices out that creepy uncanny
valley shit he did with the Polar
Express and what was the other one he
did with the creepy uncanny valley
people he'd made two there that he made
to contact is not one of the best sci-fi
ever bad news every I have issues with
contact I haven't known there's this is
telling I've only seen it once okay I
didn't think it was bad but I wasn't in
love with it contact was one of those
movies
that we just had around the house my mom
really liked that one mm-hmm a lot so
I'm about to spoil the end of contact
obviously it's an older movie spoiler
alert for contact had a lot of fun
sci-fi in it and I always felt off about
it like I liked it I was like oh yeah
contacts fine Jodie Foster space stuff
you know traveling through
interdimensional whatsit and whosits I
always had a problem with it and here's
why the end of the movie is ungodly
anti-science if you remember the end of
contact I remember she saw the aliens
she goes through the band she wakes up
and everyone thought it was a dream she
was only gone for like a moment right
yeah but then and then like she has the
big Senate hearing and she's like I
guess what I'm asking for is your faith
and that was her whole thing with with
Matthew McConaughey like faith versus
science and then like she gets out of
the courthouse and all these people like
we believe in you we have faith in you
so basically the moral of the movie is
faith is more important than facts the
moral of the sci-fi movie is anti
science I have not thought about it
enough to analyze it like I just haven't
you know what like it's one of those
movies that I always liked you know
because it was it was one like that and
Supergirl we had around right I don't
care if Carl Sagan wrote the film
fucking ungodly anti science yes that's
what I said I did a thing great I guess
I'll give him gun points
I suppose realtime strategy with
characters that's that's neat it's still
military know the ending didn't prove
the science that was real we the
audience get to see that that the trick
was real right and remember like
in the you've I don't really don't
remember like the real real and after
all that faith bullshit is like James
Woods saying like put this away in
storage and someone going it's funny how
you know there is static but there's
exactly five hours of static on this
tape you know like so it like maybe the
audience knows that it's real but like
the hero wins because people have faith
without facts jack that's an excellent
critique that really is that really is
you know it's a fine movie overall I
like Jodie Foster I think she's a good
actress that has that creepy Jake Busey
in it man he's a creepy actor Matthew
McConaughey and Jodie Foster I don't
remember Jake Busey he's like he's like
the the religious zealot who wants to
destroy the Machine and ends up blowing
it up I know I really don't remember
like I said it was this in Supergirl so
I've seen it a bunch a lot of its burned
into my head I am totally not miss
remembering this movie by the way
contact for the next review yeah great
of rich and I'll do contact clinics we
absolutely
solo five six I am NOT misremembering
contact this is how this is how it goes
arrival is better arrival is a is a
wonderful movie but one of the best of
last year's one of the best about this
doesn't have some of the annoying like
base building stuff so far in real-time
strategy games I'm done with that that's
one lesson that's one less cluster for
my fuck gobbledygook all the cluster
whatever all the sciency stuff in
arrival was actual science fiction there
were schmaltz in there but it worked
within the science fiction that they set
up no arrival is great arrival is
wonderful and most of context is really
good I just really didn't like the
ending but most of the science stuff is
pretty good
they're saying that that Cameron has
less hits but also less stinkers
Zemeckis is more of a is more of a
workhorse what is the green in yellow
Manor
what green in yours dots there's green
and yellow dots I don't know what the
difference is exposure what are you
people doing did you get your butts over
here
have no idea what I mean they're just
doing things
seriously I have not suggested okay
green is high cover yellow is light
cover cousin green is high green is high
cover yellow is lightly thank you thank
you Thank You Shiva and other people too
thank you thank you Jack they in the
exact same way
they're the exact same movie like
Helldivers and donna for don't you be
crazy now don't you be crazy now and you
can zoom in if you want there you go
so to end these zemeckis cameron the
great zemeckis cameron debate they both
have great films both have great fun and
they both have awful films yeah there
you go if you had to choose now I'm
giving you a harsh choice you have to
choose only one from their heyday and
anyone any director but you can only
choose one directors movies to watch
they're you know any movie in their
repertoire but you can only choose one
director depends on what I'm in the mood
for it really does yeah I guess that's
true I guess that's true I might can you
really compare Who Framed Roger Rabbit
to aliens can you do that does that make
sense if I'm gonna horse you myself
if I'm gonna if I'm gonna if I'm going
to force myself to choose one I might
choose camera distance I might choose
James Cameron Terminator is great all
the time t2 is a fun movie aliens is a
fun movie I would probably on any given
day rather watch his mouth
that's all those moving james cameron's
it's tough because then you're giving up
Who Framed Roger Rabbit and you're
giving up back to the futures this is
back to the future and Who Framed Roger
Rabbit are more and much as I love my
aliens definitely one of my favorite
movies yeah Who Framed Roger Rabbit a
lot easier to watch multiple times hmm
maybe if you're gonna do that you can
only watch one for the rest of your life
or desert island or that bullshit yeah
that's what I'm doing
you're you're taking Who Framed Roger
Rabbit yeah we're back to the future
you're about to you know your plane is
about to crash land and you can only
save the the collected works of James
Cameron or the collected works of Robert
Zemeckis yes yeah yeah yeah I don't know
terminator terminator which feels you
know that you know kind of a bleak
serious sci-fi movie alien bleep serious
fi movie abyss serious sci-fi movie
avatar forgettable titanic blah doesn't
Mecca so you get back future one two
three
you get Forrest Gump you get new friend
Roger Rabbit we're you know enjoyable
movies to watch you're gonna be
depressed on that desert island I
suppose yeah we have two different
scenarios here what we what we have is
like which one are you more inclined to
watch on an everyday basis and your and
your desert island thinks I might have
to I might have to ask ask risk this
alright humberto Cabbage Patch says
r.i.p mokey bassoons that's that's we
have a moment from the last stream that
we might have to make a highlight yeah
yeah he was a support you know how I
feel about support really wanted to be
on the squad though okay so I brought
mokey was it all one junker do I need to
edit it together if you want it like
some setup with me talking about our
Anna brain
like you might need to edit some of that
and just what had happened okay
mokey mokey panicked yep didn't take a
shot at the fun man what I would have
done with mokey yeah yeah panicked and
then the thin man shot and Crittenden
and I broke out in hysterics okay
because at the start of the Minish
mission I predicted like exactly what
would happen
Mokey's gonna be the first one to die
and it played out exactly as I thought
okay send me the link and whoever was
asking about a wheel of the worst and if
you have a DVD ya send it to send a DVD
if you don't have a VHS copy of whatever
for the wheel send a DVD we can put
those on the wheels well that's great
also bassoons I don't know if anyone has
told you about the the great bassoon
search of 2017 on a rule of mine that I
need to follow at all times yeah bad
idea to learn a game midstream
yeah bassoons yes so so someone tweeted
at me a week and a half ago and said hey
my wife and I are big fans of the show
one of our favorite lines is from a best
of the worst where you say and for some
reason there's bassoons or there's a
bassoon
but I can't remember the episode can you
okay sorry no bro I have to learn and
have the Gateway know you know we can
take our time rich we don't need to rush
through this stuff and so I I retweeted
it and said hey someone help this guy
out i but like I remember me saying that
in the best of the worst like oh yeah
that sounds like something I would say
like and then there were bassoons and I
could remember myself saying it but I
couldn't remember the episode so I put
it out on the internet no one was no one
was biting and after a little bit you
know some people were like hey did you
find that episode yet bassoons this
sounds really familiar and so I started
like in the background while I was doing
other work randomly watching old best of
the worst episodes that I thought it was
like like for example in the if you
remember that like one of the first best
of the worst I was on is aftermath and
they had that like whole action scene at
the end with like cartoon sound effects
like oh maybe it's in that one we were
talking about the action scene during
cartoon no not that kepta watch Adam
couldn't find it couldn't find it people
then like beefcake set up a spreadsheet
and a bunch of people like we're
watching different episodes to find the
right moment when I said for some reason
there's a bassoon and we could not find
it and it was honestly driving me up the
wall because I could hear myself say it
this is something I've said in an
episode of best of the worst is this an
episode that was up on on on blip and
Jay took down and you know it's reading
it on YouTube for some reason he took
out me saying but soon where's me saying
but soon it was maddening rich it was
absolutely maddening but then someone
found it for me and it and and the twist
the M night Shyamalan twist is that it
wasn't in the best of the worst at all
it was in a first four hours of Soma
when I said when you said it's it's not
the only reason it's
arrey is because you walk around I go
yeah you just walk around and then first
and then suddenly there's a which is a
pretty funny line but because they this
fan had thought it was the best of the
worst that was my mindset I wasn't even
thinking about first four hours of a
previously recorded say tuba tuba tuba a
bassoon
oh thank you X Mentos
Sonne indicates that that was my
harrowing Massoud tale thank you for
everyone who helped who you was trying
to help me find for the soon
beefcake your spreadsheet was super
helpful also it's kind of fun like
rewatching older episodes of best of the
worst I had forgotten half of the movies
we watched to be honest with you yeah
and then you know we talk about it later
go this movie's totally forgettable and
it was I had forgotten about a lot of
movies we watched laughed a little bit
it was great it was great oh man that uh
that Christmas episode with with Mexican
Santa Claus had me dying just dying once
it once Jesse started describing the the
drunken night of making the film man it
was great so that was fun it was just
fun to listen to and rewatch old
episodes the best of the worst
and that was my problem beefcake too and
I started watching episodes where I
wasn't in the discussion because it
sounded like some have attained the
discussion I was like huh but some of
these episodes I'm there during the
watching of the movies but I'm not in
the discussion so now I have to watch
the whole episode in hopes that I say it
during one of the watching segments and
it was a whole it was a whole ordeal
he's not moving
who the guy that I'm clicking on the
unit where is that character I don't I
don't know anything about these games
are you over there why are you over
there I am no regrets when I pushed over
the wheel that was funny when I pushed
over the wheel
I am NOT fucking built for realtime
strategy that's okay rich you don't have
to be you don't have to be ah right
let's see what we got here bad news
everyone hi guys thanks for all the
great content I'm curious to know if our
L M has a new feature film in
development or if there has ever been
any plans for another webseries like the
Grabowski will probably work on some
other feature at some point in history
of time yeah right now don't believe
there's anything in the works right now
for right now yeah loner our town says
rich whoever told you this is like
Helldivers is a fucking liar and then no
shit just like oh bugger no but then
he'll play it because it's like I said
it's like Helldivers it's not but he'll
love it
even though he says he doesn't like RTS
game he hasn't played the right one
that's what happened but at the same
time calm the fuck down because you are
in a tutorial on easy mode also there's
co-op in this game yeah but it's a
tutorial that's not teaching me anything
cuz I don't understand what I'm doing
you're I think I feel like you're you're
you you're learning I'm just moving
people yeah I feel like you're moving
people with more confidence now though
is I don't it looks like you are it
looks like you're moving in with more
confidence let's see here's Sean
underscore underscore underscore says I
think most people will wait for
Christmas to buy the switch since they
will probably sell a bundle with Mario
or Zelda for free three hundred with no
game is a beat is a bit steep when
compared to Xbox or ps4 I I don't think
that's true Sean whatever what are what
were ps4 is selling for at launch
well I'm gonna Google this PlayStation 4
launch price son approach yeah like bad
bare-bones bare-bones PlayStation 4 was
350 or 400
oh no sorry in u.s. it was 400
bare-bones ps4 was $400 yeah so this is
cheaper ps4s were 400 at launch with no
game
Oh ps4 right well you can't you can't
compare a new console to a console that
has been out for X amount of years how
much was the Vita image that's more
comparable and the ps4 Pro right now is
400 with no game yet
is it next-gen console it's below
current gen with gimmicks you know like
I said I think the the amount that you
will care about the switch is exactly
equal to the amount that you care about
mobile gaming for example which doesn't
really care about mobile gaming
therefore he really doesn't care
elsewhere as it offers almost nothing
new
besides the ability to play a Nintendo
games I on the other hand really like
mobile gaming and while my Vita works
fine it doesn't work with everything and
so like a more powerful Vita is
something that I am looking forward to
which is how I'm looking at the switch
as a more as a like a souped-up Vita
basic Vita at launch was 250 okay well
then there I go so like for me I'm
excited about mobile playing I'm excited
about that
Tomic mousetrap says the switch is only
shipping 2 million units worldwide to
start lol artificially manufacture my
scar City artificially manufactured my
scarcity yeah yeah yeah yeah it's a they
sold out they don't want to then I throw
in purse themselves exactly that
completely totally makes sense anonymous
says Jack and rich remember this game
has an off switch and owl boy exists but
I'm going to love it because it's just
like Helldivers this is just like
Helldivers I don't know what you're
talking about
even though that was a blatant lie and
the person who said that obviously knew
better but they were convinced that this
is the game that was going to make me
love the realtime strategy game with
the worst realtime strategy game I've
ever played it's not up my alley
realtime strategy has never been up my
alley but hey you know what you playing
it now you can talk about it with with
some knowledge and then that's all them
oh look at him he's a fun looking work
Luke I chose a m-- at parents that are
from the Nintendo generation most likely
they'll buy it for their kids you know
like my kids really like the Wii U they
play the Wii U on like that's their
thing the thing that I know I really
like about the Wii U is that they can
play on their little gamepad while
something else is on on the TV that that
stops a ton of fights in my house yeah
one wants to play a game one wants to
watch something I thought I thought that
worked great it just didn't have his
support didn't have the didn't have the
games didn't have the games man so
there's space orcs absolutely space orcs
SP was a formal thing they've been
playing to the TV and play with a
DualShock we already had everything the
switch is promising many many years ago
yeah yeah but now it's Nintendo so you
can do it with Nintendo games would you
buy your kids binding of issac on the
Wii U well I'll buy I'll probably buy
binding of issac for the switch because
then I can get fucking after birth on it
but that might gives love of the binding
of issac they love it I actually
probably won't buy them the binding of
issac for the Wii U or the switch
because I already have it on my computer
and on my Vita so if they ever want to
play the binding of issac fatality can
but if I didn't already have it on my
video sure I'd buy for me
that's it they love Isaac they love
watching me play Isaac they play Isaac
they don't get very far but
it's gonna have after birth plus on the
switch shit we don't even an afterbirth
on the Vita yet
oh man I loved I loved the Gamecube Jax
kit my kids do oh man my kids still ask
me about blood-borne if I'm like I'm
like okay yeah kids I'm gonna play a
game for a little bit they're like are
you gonna play blood-borne they still
fucking loved watching me play
blood-borne which is good I'm trying to
train them right look at all this weird
shit kids it's great no I buy them Isaac
on the Wii U so they wouldn't want to
play like it on my computer so I could
play a computer game
if I hang my switch for my director
cousin today I hate the stressful
real-time ship I really do I really do
no Jake Jake brought his bought his own
Issac on his own computer and he got his
own controller and indeed lives in
California so he doesn't bother me about
Isaac anymore rich and I will get a
switch as soon as we can so we can do an
episode on the Zelda in general because
I feel like we should that's something
to talk about
all right let's see here select all
button or do I just have to keep
dragging there should be there should be
a hotkey for that huge usually I want to
say there's a hotkey for that and then
like you can you can like hotkey
specific groups I think all right
dark-winged the schmuck says I had a
lazy Sunday marathon of some old streams
and was curious if Mike ever got his
doctor Mario stream nope
or if Jay ever got his Iowa alien
isolation no bored run because those
sound hilarious em great Jay never did get
that Jay still struggles with basic game
mechanics first-person controls yeah
trolls better way to put it much much
like our experiment with Karen and and
the Stanley parable which a rousing
success I was so happy how that turned
out
I think that's gonna be the biggest
problem as far as Jay and alien
isolation or really any game we wanted
to play like that is just Jay struggling
with basic first-person controls
right gay for Jack says have you seen
Noah yet
oh I haven't it's still on my shelf it's
on my shelf right next to my computer
tempting me
and I don't know why I have it how do I
change the I'm sorry this is a firing on
how do I change it for what year doesn't
automatically check I I don't understand
for your grenade for I'm assuming I was
in a fire arc I don't really know I'm
not doing anything they're just killing
all the things and I don't know what I
would do anyway yep
I would take a spot then fortify it with
sandbags apparently you can fortify it
with sandbags interesting to your
thoughts also both of you say three nice
things you like about each other do it
rich is really good at articulating his
thoughts I am yeah no I'm not you would
totally are you you you know you know
how to be having thoughts I think I'm
bad at articulating no you're really
good at articulating your thoughts I
understand what you're saying all the
time huh
I understand your thoughts and ideas all
the time which is something I'm not very
good at so I'm assuming I'm doing good
you you seem to not be killing everyone
I am playing it easy
yeah so gay for Jack I will watch now on
one of these days it's did them I
borrowed it this is like some kind of
alien language to make just just an are
theists yes right click and drag to set
facing that bad is a different language
to me yeah this game is like watching
ants fight over crumbs at a picnic
now and I says speaking of old episodes
of best of the worst
is there any rlm prereq or Funny or Die
stuff you made that you enjoy watching
for entertainment or is that too weird
for you jack
rich Oh rich I know your answer yeah
which does not like to watch himself
well this question specifically you like
to watch old videos for entertainment I
can deal with vessel anything where I'm
acting is bad but like best of the worst
I can watch for entertainment yeah and I
would say that is well I'd like
rewatching all these old best of the
worst was a lot of fun a lot of fun and
you know like you forget that like in
the older episodes before Jay had his
boat beer look at Jay without his beard
and the rich without his beard oh man
it's crazy it's crazy yeah I can watch
that so it's stuff like that for fun
usually if it's something I edited I'll
watch it more more critically I'll get
away from that I'm trying do what I
don't know what the fuck I'm doing
yes that's right and in in the first
couple of episodes of best horse I
thought I was and I had hair crazy not
much hair but you know hair
so which festive works that I enjoy the
most oh yeah that the Christmas one with
elves and Santa Claus and Christmas
vacation too was really great oh you
know you know what one of the the wheel
the worst with exploding varmints that
one had me laughing very very hard that
ones is no no that was a good episode
the weird that that wheel with exploding
environments and just trying to dissect
the madness of that one guy who fell who
made it you know that was a great
episode I really enjoyed watching them
never watch me play XCOM I like sit back
and I take my time do you think about my
next move I can't do that here it's it's
infuriating
you did something constantly for getting
left behind I don't know I I forgot to
move them oh this is stressful and I
hate it
no I'm sorry yeah I don't despise it
that would be that that's a bit harsh
but no this is not my thing and I resent
you for trying to insist it has to be
said hey I resent you okay there you go
for your insistence that this is
something I need in my life and that I
will love despite the fact that I I kind
of know my taste right I don't like to
be like that up playing dangerous to
that we took it to the gun range and
shot it up I forgot that we did that and
so we get to the destroy the tape
destruction of playing dangerous through
speaking of gun nuts with exploding
varmints
chat knows best
that was great you ready I like my
Hawaii
apparently there's a pause key on the
keyboard
I assure and you might be able to issue
commands while pause
is what they're saying
my latest project has been trying to
machine a d20 in the middle she knew Oh
bother
let me see about that
whoo looks great
looks great
alright let's see here comes Luke says
rich make sure you're using the mini map
in the titanfall video where you guys
complained that you can't tell who the
bad guys are but it's very clear in the
mini-map who they are also BOTS versus
real what does any of that mean what
kind of language are you speaking sir
yeah and that was a comment on that if
you were if you remember in the wayback
machine our titanfall video one of our
complaints was it was hard to
distinguish who was friend and who was
phone cuz everyone was wearing brown and
green but then in the comment section
people said if you look check the
mini-map then you can tell who an enemy
is but the mini-map is not what you're
generally looking at that's the mini-map
telling who was who isn't that the
problem right I understand I ever shoot
the orcs
he was specifically referring to a game
we played a couple years ago I don't
like trying to do tactics while in the
thick of things well Jesus Christ
gobbledygook also says and yeah I'm
guessing rich is going to say I see the
mini-map and I'm using it what I mean is
you could click on the mini-map to go
where you need to go in an RTS not
scroll manually embrace stress no I
don't game I'm like you know what I do
in in Dead Rising actually the stress I
love less so
Biron cheese is this upcoming weekend
sorry I had to miss Sunday sorry I had
to miss Sunday I had a very important
meeting because this weekend I will be
in Madison for the isthmus beer and
cheese Festival and I'll be making a
video with my brother Nick and my good
friend Timmy Higgins we'll be making a
beer video there they have invited us to
come and make a video for the beer and
cheese festival and I'm very super
excited about it you know why I get to
be a beer and cheese fest and drink all
the beer and eat all the cheese I want
it's the greatest it's gonna be the
greatest time
Jack wall huh de Graaff your cheese oh
also you know it actually it'll be kind
of strange because that very same day in
Madison there's a giant like March
against Trump and I'll just be like what
good is that gonna do no but I just
think it'll be funny cuz I'll have to
like walk past them to be like I'm gonna
go to the beer festival he's a he's the
president for four years you can March
and all you fucking want what is it
gonna do i'm not marching i'm saying i
am going to walk past the marchers you
go to the place with all the beer and
cheese you don't have to like him but
you don't have to act like a fucking
baby either I don't think it's acting
like a baby
that kind of is so what you're just not
supposed to do anything he wasn't right
you vote for the next guy you show
support and you wait til he actually
does something you don't like before you
have the March you go you you show your
support and then you know like the the
smaller people go there to rally their
base for the next election this is how
it all starts so the so the your
Congress people your Senators will go to
that and rally rally support for them
and that's what you vote for the next
thing it's five people let people do
what they want it's fine it's fine
Thank You liquid-liquid we won't get
into too much alright hey guys there are
so many games on your to playlist that
you generally seem interested in and we
want to see why do you cater to those
trolls who intentionally misrepresent
Mis represent games to get you to play
them so let's shut up look at this isn't
the worst real-time game I've ever
played it's just totally not up my alley
for things I for the kind of things I
normally like oh no I you know there
there are a ton of games on our list and
sometimes when we can't think of
something
we will defaults say like on an ex-con
or an FTL or an Isaac you know we will
default on one of those games which does
nothing to remove a game from our list
here we can now cross this off of our
list we have played this done move on
and I think it's helpful in general I
think they're part of part of what we do
commenting on games we also need to
consume a large amount of games just to
have a point of reference so I think
this is important I think consumption
consumption is important for
for what we're due for what we're doing
but acquired a locator beacon now has it
how do I use it
oh can you stop this game and go back to
frog fractions oh man I could I just
played it I could speedrun frog
fractions at this point all right let's
see here turbo maestro chest Oh says
Jack and rich prereq seems to be an ever
growing success what do you - Jay and
Mike and your loved ones feel about that
also more importantly who would win in a
fight Batman or Captain America but what
was the actual question again what what
do us a Priya Priya records it's been
going now you know we're coming up on
three years it's been it we have been
growing every single stream we grow what
do we gain Mike and our loved ones feel
about that how do I don't care this is
just the thing we do they don't give a
shit yeah Jay and Mike still don't give a
shit I I think it makes it easier for
them as far as scheduling stuff like for
example Jay texted me today and said hey
you guys are streaming tonight right and
I assumed that was gonna be a text of
him saying he was gonna kind of join us
for the stream but what that really was
was before you stream we need to film a
little something with you so just a
heads up your stream is gonna be late my
loved ones are still wrapping their head
around what it is we do but it it makes
for a very interesting conversation with
family members so am I supposed to
follow these for treating guys would be
my guess is that your guy know someone
ran away well that probably just leads
you through more bad guys right I'll be
my assumption yeah where's my goal what
am i doing eliminate things I just go
all the things that's my goal all right
okay great
be late if you didn't have family then
you wouldn't be late that's true but you
know it makes for interesting
conversation
especially when you start like breaking
down you know what it is you do day to
day they're just like really yeah just
looks like you you kind of playing games
and talking about you and I was like
well we are but there's so much more as
far as who would win in a fight Batman
versus Captain America we have actually
discussed this very specific topic
before and the answer is anyone with
superpowers beats Batman because Batman
is a mere mortal man it's Captain
America I have superpowers he has super
strength and it
he has above average normal human
strength he has super strength
he is peak human which Captain America
which I really like Captain America yes
he has well like he can't lift a car no
but he has above he has more than human
strength no he likes stupid jumps and
stuff no punches people really hard look
if there's a writer here and there who
gets it wrong that's their business but
Captain America his power is the peak of
what a human is capable of but not to
exceed that he is the ideal human being
he is that he is ironically the Nazi
Aryan ideal turned against itself that
is Captain America
I'm sure I'm trying to think of a
specific example where he is more than
peak human like say in the movies then
that's the writers not being true to
what the character is supposed to be
he's peak human so peak human Captain
America vs Batman who is he's he's like
Iggy Hagan run as fast as Usain Bolt but
not faster the peak of what a human can
do that is Captain America tiny turnip
says I'm right his superhuman abilities
allowed him to survive being frozen for
75
without aging calf is super-soldier
Black Panthers peak human people are
agreeing with me that captain captain is
he now he he's not spider-man strength
I think can't I think Captain America is
superhuman I think y'all are wrong I'm
pretty sure Captain America bench like
2,000 pounds in the comics once don't
you guys remember he was injected with
peak serum no he was injected with the
super soldier serum that's right boom I
I'm gonna I'm going to say Captain
America has mild superhuman strength
what does it say and the the handbook to
the Marvel Universe drover they used to
have that Oh Marvel handbook yeah what
does it say I don't know I don't know I
know I know Marvel doesn't give a shit
about continuity anymore
and all of that you know official guide
the Marvel Universe handbook stuff the
people who actually cared about the
Marvel Universe well back in the day
setup I know that's all been thrown out
the window
yeah I'm just curious if you look up the
official Marvel handbook guide what does
it list Captain America strengthen hold
on here we go someone - someone has
linked to it already Thank You Marvel
Universe Captain America Steve Rogers
citizenship first appearance origin
powers
going to powers where's where's powers
powers click on it again no there go
Captain America represented the pinnacle
of human physical perfection he
experienced a time when he was augmented
to superhuman levels but generally
performed just below superhuman levels
for most of his career Oh Captain
America oh how interesting I was right
again
Captain America had a very high
intelligence as well as agility strength
speed endurance and reaction time
superior to any Olympic athlete who ever
competed the super reaction time what
reaction time they're saying agility
strength speed endurance and reaction
time superior any Olympic athlete
who ever competed the super-soldier
formula that he metabolized had enhanced
all of his bodily functions to the peak
of human efficiency most noddle notably
his body eliminates the excessive
buildup of fatigue producing poisons in
his muscle granting him phenomenal
endurance okay so basically being the
peak human with was a superior endurance
with the superior endurance that above
any Olympic athlete it doesn't sound
like by much Jack it's it says they're
saying peak human they're saying peak
human I'm saying mild superpowers I
think there's an in-between zone where
where we can agree on I think you're at
a level where you could make a very good
argument that Batman's probably superior
training in different forms of combat
might give him an edge it's possible
okay we assume we assume cap is bringing
the shield right yes just let me all do
they all get
our standard equipment now I'll get
there saying its standard equipment he
can leap 20 feet into the air
great Batman knows more combat styles
has more gadgets to ensnare Captain
right captain has unlimited endurance so
toe to toe he would just you know a tire
Batman out
that as soon as the fight would go on a
while right mm you can't assume that but
you're right Batman could just bring his
Superman armor and win the day right
away he's doing I guess there's that
fuck you it's superhero talk yeah you
know uh I mean all right I get like
under under the correction that Captain
America is peak human yeah it might have
to give that to Batman like I might have
to give it I don't like giving it to
Batman Batman I'm like Captain America
but if you're gonna be honest about who
would win in a fight not do the fanboy
well I like the one thought better right
yeah that's what I'm saying I'm saying
you might be right she set up the bait
you need to look no further than Michael
Van Patrick who's a michael van Patrick
Michael Van Patrick earth-616
oh god no that's too much I'm not
reading that I don't know what it is
yeah you know what you got I think you
got a fair case for Batman I've got a
fair case for Batman
all right a couple gook says also
congratulations this is a real PC game
for real PC gamers okay it's a good job
rich yeah that's not like I've ever
played real PC games never played a real
gamers before peak human means best
meaning calf is better at all the things
the really good human Batman he's being
better than the really good human Batman
physically as far as strength goes but
what does that say about abilities
skills famines and ninja yeah he's
studied several different versions of
martial arts and I'm sure Captain
America you know he knows a little a
little that ww2 boxing but yeah Batman
could probably
error
renegade akira says hey Jan iro what's
the remake you're dreading becomes
reality I can only imagine that back to
the future we'll have a Chinese girl for
diversity and money and the rock as Doc
Brown you know what now I just kind of
want to see that one that would be so
effed up I love it
love it that man's only real advantage
IMO is stealth well Batman has stealth
Batman has more gadgets and Batman knows
more fighting styles so I think Batman
has a few advantages you know captain's
reaction time is good so probably
batarangs would be useless but heck even
you know even amateur Spiderman was able
to web up captain a couple times in
civil war
so I bet cap or Batman would be able to
to last soo him at least a few times
then uses sweet ninja moves you know as
far as remix I'm dreading you know III
don't really dread many things know
remake can undo the original movie I've
been hearing some pretty bad things out
of the Jumanji camp just to talk about a
recent remake I think they're going you
know in a strange direction with the
Jumanji thing but you know I also don't
hate the rock I think he's fine
they're saying movie cap can beat movie
Batman probably a movie cap seems to be
far more than human yeah I think I think
movie cap is like a sub super I pulled
that one out of my ass he sure did you
know why cuz I just love to one guy and
I could focus on what I was doing
honestly that's what happened
the clusterfuck was gone because
everyone else was dead tired I'm focused
now they're going to weird dimmer it
directly like do you know the thing
about the new Jumanji do you know what
the thing is no the nude you don't care
enough about Jumanji really the first
one was again
yeah it's fun it's a fun movie I like to
remind you like I'm not a Jumanji
hardcore fan or anything but they give
with the new Jumanji is they get sucked
into a video game and now and the kids
when they're sucked into a video game
turn into their video game characters
that's where you get the rock from okay
and so it's it's the rock with the mind
of a child inside the jungle okay I
think that you know what there's a fine
kids movie premise in there and we'll
see how to handle it I think it could be
fine and Karen Gillan's and so like Nick
arcade are we okay with switching games
now that I hate this I'm not saying I
hate this but it's I'm not a real-time
strategy and I tried it after everyone
bitched at me you got to play it you got
to put alright that's good
you want me to play a little bit no no
you know what I'm gonna switch to the
other Warhammer game oh okay that's not
a real time strategy sure that's fine
yeah one hour 27 minutes hey everyone
let's all why don't we do a little
stand-up time alright so
how do I save and exit here is there is
the steam constant interruptions
covering up important things yep
that was that's so funny we're not we're
probably not gonna finish frog
refractions - I just don't think we
don't know I was watching awesome games
done quick for his last week yeah I was
watching that er you know what the Clint
I'm do tell
oh yeah it's a lot more it wasn't just a
little bit that we didn't see
yeah there was a lot more I don't know
if we have our old save file anymore but
it looked like there was a decent chunk
of stuff Jack I just I honestly I don't
care did you not like the game I'm kind
of curious I didn't know no I thought I
was clever yeah you know what it was it
was really cute Oh what happened we
exited the windows and we never quite
got there are we still streaming done
they just had undertale more like
blunder tail so but voices Jack yeah I
think we're still streaming well I have
two black screens we do we have two
black screens okay yeah we're still
streaming okay but so before we have to
shut down the computer we're gonna have
to and restart the stream
undertale was really cute yeah and it
was a fine play I just didn't feel very
interested in it I find that shocking
whereas like we had a land we had a lot
of fun playing it - what that's why I
find it shocking there was a lot of fun
cute clever things going on undertale
there were if I what I'm what I'm trying
to say is I think if I were playing it
by myself
it would be just kind of a man
experience so the fun I get from it's
like oh yeah me and rich played it we
did funny voices and that's kind of
silly I think the voice is made
unbearable for you what do you mean
doing the voice for what was his name oh
no I like that like that like that is
fun like okay we did weird voices I
that's where I got the enjoyment out of
it a Pyrus had a lot of dialogue a lot
of though and a lot of a high energy
voice you were using I could see it if
you couldn't deal with that but oh no
and but I loved it and you know killed
my voice but it was hilarious and I had
a great time playing because I was
playing with you yeah in the stream if I
were playing that same game by myself
I probably I probably wouldn't wouldn't
have even gotten like an hour passes
like yeah I get it
I got it it was constantly being clever
I might have enjoyed that on my own
yeah where's like I didn't play it on my
own it's hard to say for a 100% sure but
like a game like a game like inside I I
could really get and I could I could see
myself like getting to the end and
really love it less so inside a lot less
inside for me yeah like the light
puzzles you got on that yeah yeah but I
feel like I would have gotten that a lot
faster and then the ending was so worth
it so come yeah it was fun I'm not and
I'm not saying ever in chat I'm not
saying it's a bad game I'm even saying I
enjoyed it and it was cute but yeah just
you know I wasn't super do it but here's
the thing rich if you want to replay it
on stream and get to the ending I'm
perfectly okay with that I'm I'm
apathetic towards okay
oh I'm supposed to hate under tell
because it's JRPG inspired even though
even though the combat itself is nothing
like the JRPG combat that I despise like
old school old school JRPG cough it has
the old-school JRPG preface but then you
actually do something it's like I'm
pullin hell yes yes yeah yeah just just
like a junior but it is the same thing
because you're dumb and we cannot get
past the superficial surface things yeah
cuz cuz Dawn of War 2 is exactly like
Helldivers okay so everyone we have two
black screens here and we're gonna have
to restart the computer we have to
restart I'll be back we'll be back with
more work marine okay cool so we'll be
back take a break stand up and do all
the things you do the space called space
marine is it Donna for - it's just Donna
more space
