Sep 3, 2017
Mario + Rabbids Kingdom Battle
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/174225899
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/174355985
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7qWyqm0FP98
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=srsgyAI1rDI
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/904432258446184449

[Part I]
what's up what's up hey everybody what's
uh that turned up a little bit okay a
couple things you should notice as soon
as we're live it says we're live the
stream is now live we're doing great
a couple of things you should notice I
think I got like the the the color and
the the white balance and the all the
brightness for our camera figured out
and we got our nice new beautiful lens
on the camera that should be looking
good too we've done some configurations
with the audio as we've been getting a
lot of complaints about the audio
hopefully we will no longer break your
speakers we put a hard limiter and
compressor on OBS three we have some new
emotes oh my god we have something the
compressor okay compressor test now
everyone
Jack how ear-piercing was that wow that
was Graydon how so it didn't work I'm
dead compressed the question is did it
blow your speakers or did it just sound
distorted still kind of loud but not as
loud grating ideal that you know what
that's something that's absolutely
something so Mario XCOM yes and I'm
enjoying this game ok iers here's the
mild dilemma I wanted to play more of
this mm-hmm
we did the stream this before oh yeah I
was playing yeah I did some playing
wouldn't you did some a lot of playing
yeah after that I am now right where you
were during that stream the same things
yeah two things one switch was having
issues that night yeah we had like a
dozen viewers we'll see how we handle it
differently that's true I wasn't paying
I was like paying no fucking attention
right you were just looking at the chat
right right make you smartass comments
now and then we're not really paying any
attention to what was going on right so
I'm going to be please do some levels
that we've seen this play through before
on stream I think everything's gonna be
incredibly redundant everything's gonna
be redundant me amazing yeah that's fine
I've been I've been upgrading Mario's
overwatch shots here oh yeah - overwatch
shots that's great that's sweet that's
so great that's sweet cool reduce the
cooldown from 3 turns to 2 times 2 turns
no I'm gonna up the damage on that shut
nice rich I could do that I could do
that or I can I can't afford that can't
afford that either no well then you got
to keep playing that's all right no no
it's fine because I I don't mind
upgrading the over waajid damage true
blue channel the beer that I use for the
the pixel beer emote is actually
something that I made for one of the
past Mia beers
made a little duck hunt intro for pass
me a beer hunting edition and and so
technically speaking it's an Old
Milwaukee but I took off all of the low
going for the pixel beer so it's just a
beer it's just a beer that you're
opening now I brought the beer back
I brought Tim back just for me and we
still have several more slots for emotes
good so we'll make some more Luigi
he's potentially just flat-out fuckin
overpowered Luigi Luigi man he's great
Luigi's fucking great he's a human Mario
we have both have overwatch shots
mhm Luigi's his cooldown is only two
turns to start with I got one I haven't
I can't afford this yet it reduces the
cooldown to like one turn mm-hmm just a
one turn wait before you can use that
overwatch again and you can upgrade that
overwatch to three fucking overwatch
shots
Jesus fuckin Christ
yep damaged I'm gonna need two that's
definitely gonna need to be boosted
though mm-hmm agreed agreed and you know
what if you pair that with something
someone like rabid Luigi who has his
vampire shots he can give vampire to
enemies and so then any if someone is
under vampire anyone on your anyone can
hit them and regain health so like Mario
Luigi and Luigi rabid is a terrifying
trio I didn't know that about the
vampire I haven't played around with
that like at all yet oh yeah if an enemy
is under the vampire effects and anyone
hits them they get health back its I'm
sorry yeah so don't discount Luigi rabid
even though he's a rabid and therefore
sucks cuz he's got this this weekend
perk and obviously that sounded weak so
I haven't been using him much I and I
don't use the weekend perk that much but
his vampire strats and he has the two
you know smack to people while running
around yeah so you know he can go smack
smack vampire to people
see look so he can hit two people and
give them vampire in one turn then if
anyone else on your team hits them they
get the effects of the vampire this
potential hair it has super potential we
can perk is broken as shit in some
situations it to me like and I've used
the weekend perk I've never seen it do
anything broken how right like like like
it can be really fucking effective
broken like like it's Opie broken sure
there's two kinds broken sorry not the
weakened perk the weakened perk you can
Luigi rabbit has a perk that can reduce
the damage an enemy gives to you so but
like it's like what is it it's not a
very high percentage I don't think no no
it's not this thing starts at like 20
like it has the it has the potential of
possibly saving someone's life but
everybody is working for the weekend
I left my coffee over there I want to
fuck did you do that
oh my god jumping in front of the TV why
why why
now we got the laptop and everything's
fine
man you guys new face cam is more sharp
today did you get a new camera we got a
new lens we're using we're now using the
elgato cam link which lets us hook up
any camera with an HDMI out and use it
as a webcam and so I'm using my
Panasonic gh2 which is my old DSLR and I
just got a new lens
it's a beautiful 20 millimeter prime
lens that has a 1.7 f-stop and if you
know what that means it means it's an
incredible lens for low-light situations
and so because we don't need to bump up
the ISO or because we don't need to bump
up the light in post we can get a nice
crisp shot 35 to spend I don't know what
to spend them on it's just the shadows
are just jack up a farmer stand I might
have a farmer stand I've been outdoors a
lot this weekend it happens
jack is shot talking Chinese to me like
f-stop and ISO is basically just how
much light you're letting in the camera
and the lower the f-stop on your lens
the more light it can let in which means
the less the less you need to upgrade in
post which means you get a crisper shot
in darker situations so it's just it's a
Panasonic 20 millimeter it's just it's
one that works with my Panasonic camera
so I can use it here for this camera or
I can take it and use it on my nice
camera it is a prime lens and so there's
no zooming DSLRs normally will auto shut
down after about 20 minutes they all
have a setting in the menu that you can
stop that shutdown time
which of course is what I'm doing what's
the key that's a camera get out get
right out of town
never underestimate the power of
stupidity I like it no I like it there
having fun rich everybody's having fun I
also switched up our chair arrangement a
little bit rich what if you notice I'm a
little closer to you I did not notice
and I'm now equidistance before my chair
was kind of up a little bit more and so
whenever I talked to you I had to kind
of like look behind me but now I feel
like we're on equal footing by the way
that is one of the that thing looks
exactly like a motherfucking Roomba
that's leading Mario around and one of
my one of my biggest complaints at the
start of the game was I kept assuming
Mario was the leader of the party and so
there are certain things where you need
to put your person in front of it like
to go down pipes and stuff
and I I wouldn't be able to go down the
pipes because I kept putting Mario in
there not the Roomba yeah I got used to
that though does seem to control when
you like like those blue coin sections
it's a bit slippery yeah it's been hard
to stay on target for some reason I have
a relatively new prone I kind have to
restart after 20 minutes as well go into
the menu and they should have a Auto
power-down function where you can turn
off the auto power down function which
is something you need especially when
shooting video for it see I knew people
would get some use out of these Oh My
gods I like those I like that emote so I
need some more emote ideas I'm gonna
make a tums one because everyone wants a
tums emote rich everyone and their
mother wants a tums emote so I'll make
one why is the room but even there the
Roomba okay so here's the here's the
backstory to this game the room is your
cursor you your Roomba is also the AI of
a little girl scientist
who invented a nuclear combinator ring
ray and then the Rabbids came in a
dishwasher
time machine - and and broke it and
started combining everything which is
why we're in this weird world and so the
Roomba is an AI that has been
transported into a Roomba
nice nice rich oh did you like having
cover oh you know what Carson you're
right we do need a very cool emoji we're
gonna try this explosive - explosive -
oh yeah I gave this guy an explosive -
okay make sure you're close enough so
Mario can use his hop - to hop on the
other guy that's probably I'm Rindge you
also want to be in good cover
sure did he not explode the other guy
took some damage okay yeah this should
be good orange yeah that's in range
welcome wait I can't do that and then
you can hop on the other guy though
maybe if you can die if you can hop that
far oh it is nice that's the old twofer
right there rich
that's great you know me auntie Nora
this game is fairly fun it's fairly fun
I find the the strategy not to be too
daunting it's light but still you know
satisfying when you win
sinnerman right I will not I will not
make an AIDS emo don't worry
golden shit you didn't kick ass shake
ass all kinds of kick ass mm-hmm oh they
got some overwatch going to shit you
don't give a shit a dumb rabbit
overwatch all right and now what now
what I fix so much ass I don't know I
don't know what to do you just you need
to kill for your baby I don't know what
to do so you got the big guys they're
too much ass big guys are you know they
can be a problem if you don't if you
don't think ahead well I'm sure that was
it that was general that wasn't a
statement to you that was a general
statement to other people
um rich do you have any we played the
small maps of Friday the 13th flash
dream and I think nothing of them I
thought it would be just a clusterfuck
but kind of works to me it was just it
was just a way to reuse map assets and
be a little lazy I that was I was open
for drastically different gameplay and
like I think it works too well
where or it just it works and it doesn't
feeling different you know right I'm
just want some new maps and I did see
that they were working on on a fresh
that would be close enough it's not for
what to get in that other pipe oh well
that's not well advised
yeah but Mario's in a good place for
others maybe others could jump on Mario
and get up to that second level maybe
part five Jason and part five map have
been confirmed great
so yeah that'll be something new that'll
be something new and fresh
any plans for another co-op pub gee with
both of you playing anytime soon
probably not
my interest is waning as far as pub G is
concerned I still like I'll play like
maybe one or two games a day just to be
like I got 20 minutes to kill a play
game but it's it's waning hard let's try
this weekend wait is it in range I don't
know okay nope no it's not there's the
point using it right and you can't hit
them with your bazooka even no no shit
me too boo boom and you won't be able to
defeat him in time one of y'all is gonna
get smacked it's not a big deal one
y'all is gonna get smacked rich it's not
a big deal okay okay you know what
totally fair hey come Maxine who says
hey guys normally I wouldn't post links
but this shit deserves to be made fun of
you made fun of the trailer now make fun
of the six minute short the six minutes
short of what they made it they made a
shit a Bladerunner short who did the
Warner Brothers
that's fine we'll check that out come X
Ian thank you for sharing that here get
out of here okay I got that bookmark now
thank you
little six-minute short like a little
prequel shortened
like three more movement points but
still get a decent flank on them still
get a decent flank on
kaleidoscope yeah or kaleidoscopic you
have a pizza roll you do some coffee in
my belly
coffee for me yeah I probably won't
reach any plans to play the Dishonored 2
DLC that's so much shit to play probably
not for a while right I I don't I mean I
really liked Dishonored 2 I had a good
time playing it I don't necessarily feel
inclined to go back to that world for
more of its story so coffee a bunny
boyfriend I believe both of us are
enjoying the Mario games so far yeah
later this week we're probably gonna
fill my review on it so maybe at the end
of the week you'll have some some nice
well thought out and edited thoughts on
the game there are some things that
bother me about it Rabbids I like the
rabbits rich links there like the
rabbits now I don't like rich anymore
your dick I'll take that take that
let's see here Humberto cabbage match
this game of thrones will be one of the
last big shows that people watch all at
once
ie episodes airing at a certain time
versus all episodes being released at
once I think this is a good evolution of
TV what's problem now the question is of
weekly episodes versus binge watching
that's a fine thing I love doing it
binge watching yes there's nothing
better nothing better than finding a
good show and having another episode
ready that the wait I agree Wow
I think it's it's up to the creators and
if they want a weekly way they can still
make that happen but they still do that
for Hulu shows and Amazon shows like
that's still a thing that they can make
happen and that's up to them I like
binge watching just because if I have
the time and I'm really into a show I
want to watch as much of it as humanly
possible so that's the thing this arias
we got six episodes of the tick and
according to the creator they wanted to
break this season in half to discourage
binge watching and I think that's bull
hockey because if you want to discourage
binge watching then just you know that's
awesome Peter Serafinowicz says the tick
was he's great and he does a great tick
it's a it's a different spin if you're
used to the cartoon or if you're used to
the Patrick Warburton tick it's a
different spin but it works and I really
as someone who is a huge fan of the
cartoon and a pretty big fan of the
comic books I think I think Peter
Serafinowicz does a really good job so I
really recommend the tick oh good good
on you Mario just out of the blast
as a spring mm-hmm so what does so it's
a Mario ring if it's crap if you take
yeah you're just gonna knock him back
goodbye
nice nice I love this guy
smooch smooch you can still love the
cartoon tick I still loved the cartoon
tick dude sweep dub skip read the depth
we know it's great what were you doing
that's the rest of the song that's the
rest of the song rich and then they go
skipped it so you can like both there
there are very different tones and
they're different enough where you can
let you can still enjoy both sorry job
I'll try not to scat anymore
dr. doom ANOVA says Mario at war feels
kind of weird I love it
here's I mean basically the original
Mario games Mario is at war he just does
so by murdering his foes with his own
feet so I got Scott what's silly jumping
moves yeah but by the way those silly
jumping moves they make it fun well I
think I know right I like the silly
jumping moves
if rich like this he should try this
little game called XCOM I think that was
a joke it's okay sure yeah you can never
know been Edlund yes did have direct
involvement with the cartoon actually
but he also had direct involvement with
the Patrick Warburton show and yeah he's
he does the Venture Brothers he does a
lot Ben Edlund does a lot and he's he's
a main force with this Amazon show with
the tick and and it shows like a lot of
the jokes are there like instead of you
know the the cartoon took potshots at
comic-book heroes the show takes
potshots at modern-day comic book movies
and it works yeah
all of this is bad yeah you got shit
movement right now man honest question
is the office the best sitcom ever if if
you are um if you are including single
camera sitcoms I might have to go with
Arrested Development
I love for Seinfeld Seinfeld great
Seinfeld's great well I once I said
single cameras it comes right if you're
if you're talking classic three cameras
it comes
you got your Seinfeld's that's a great
one I know this this might be terribly
pretentious of me but I Love Lucy I
still have a lot of love for the that's
kind of they were kind of the originator
of the three camera format these ice
bricks they they get blowed up in two
hits I've seen it blown up in one I
think it I think for all destructible
cover it's it's randomized I want to say
but I don't know
one good rocket did the trick
no not Lucy the film with Scarlett
Johansson I Love Lucy and that meant
that I've seen that film with Scarlett
Johansson I look you're right no first
of all you're right and I do but it also
the show I love I Love Lucy as well
they made a Lucy movie with ScarJo know
that luc besson made Ashlock e action
movie with Scarlett Johansson called
Lucy in which she she took a drug to use
more than 10% of her brain and that
turned her into a kung-fu action star a
movie I have not seen but really want to
because I love Luc Besson and I love
schlocky action movies so they're saying
bed Edlund did three episodes of Venture
Brothers and they're all great three and
I did the one the Scooby Doo parody what
other ones did he do mm-hmm I think the
Venture Brothers the people in charge
the Venture Brothers they used to write
for the tick oh yeah yeah okay that I
that would make sense cuz aren't they
aren't they just taking on the like the
Jonny Quest
yeah old style of like action surreal
there's a lot of superhero stuff in the
end the Venture Brothers do though oh
sure oh nice cool
there's an axe cop show yeah have you
ever read the axe cock comics familiar
with it I have not read it no oh man for
anyone who doesn't know axe cop is a
series of comic books I want to say
they're written by a six-year-old yep
they're written by a six-year-old and
drawn by his older brother and it's
exactly as crazy as a six-year-old would
write a comic book starring an axe cop a
cop who has an axe I want to say there's
dinosaurs involved I didn't know they
had a show that's great
I have too many favorite tic episodes I
don't know if I could choose just one
arranging that's always shit X cap show
aired late night on Saturdays on Fox it
did poorly well yeah
it's alright XCOM yeah it gets old quick
oh yeah in my opinion hmm I guess I
could see that I'm not terribly
surprised by it but you know it gets old
instantly they're saying
what's going on you know a sensible
adult would bring keys yes how am I
gonna get home give me the house key and
you can get on with your other can I
only had it's gonna be late when I get
home and the doors get relaxed and she's
gonna be taking a nap okay rich is gonna
be right back okay just fine how are you
doing except for you lost your keys so
rich she lost her keys
well no I like my friend is over my
friend is in town and she's visiting
yeah and so I had a couple of pictures
that we hadn't put up yet since last
time she was here like well we better
put him off so she could see her yeah a
new wall art so I put them up and I put
my keys on my keyboard I put up a key
hook because I thought I mean I usually
use my tile like I have a digital okay
yeah but you know so I could find them
that way if I don't know what I do with
them but I thought I'll put I'll be a
grown-up and I'll put a key hook on the
wall so I put my keys on the thing and
then I wasn't driving she was driving so
I just so you left your keys on the nice
key that you're not used to grabbing
from I'm just throwing my purse or else
cause I'm somewhere and finding them
with the tile yeah so we get back to the
apartment and I'm like oh crap
and and I'm like well I guess I can get
the keys from rich I called here but he
well yeah streaming rights and it would
be it would be employed for a man for
his phone during a stream which he's
done several times you know drive over
here and I'll get rich is key and you're
just like how am I gonna get in rich
you know I'll be home I'll make sure
that I'm home and awake awake that's the
important like just if you're home
that's fine but awake is the important
part well good good chat we already did
talk about the tick have you seen the
new take it off okay what no that's
right you watched a little bit of it for
four no no they know you came over for
board game day yeah that's right that's
right because the boys have been
watching it cuz like just they're okay
with custom now everybody everybody's
cussing out it's just cussing is all
done and no worry about cussing right
and so there is cussing in the new tic
show a warning we I mean all the words
all the cuss words
oh yeah MF m f sh CS oh I don't know if
anyone gets called a cocksucker okay
alright well hi Karen by Karen what a
special surprise give it up for care
everybody
well you never know what's gonna she
went out the other door and she went out
one door and rich came in the other door
it was a farce a farce just happened
yay goodbye Karen hey welcome Karen it's
great
everything is great uh I caught you
clapped so good you everybody's
everything is great everything's great
where are we seeing
oh man I'm I'm really behind on tips
sorry everybody hold on
Yadin says hey guys after I saw you
streaming this game I had to buy XCOM -
this isn't the first time you made me
play a game because you always stream
interesting games keep up the good work
after seeing us play this someone went
right out and bought XCOM - in the
likely event yeah that she falls asleep
and locks at the door yeah I might need
a place to crash tonight okay yeah nope
nope
yeah there how's that I think it's
alright okay great for now he's not
sleeping in the doghouse he's sleeping
in the cathouse
so he's never keys to the cathouse right
it'll be fine it'll be fine I know like
tonight's the big season finale of Twin
Peaks actually last night I finally but
I bit the bullet and and we we got our
seven day free Showtime trial of
possibly playing for Showtime I started
watching Twin Peaks yesterday the new
Twin Peaks and the first episode is so
David Lynch it's so David Lynch it hurts
not I'm not saying it's a bad thing
but uh I want you I got one episode down
of the new Twin Peaks so I've one
episode down I don't know anything
beyond that but I'm I'm excited I'm not
spoiling anything obviously because a
lot of people have not seen it yet but
so far I dug it I dug what they were
doing damn well you can still get behind
him
now you do this yeah but you won't be
able to hit him well he's he's not gonna
get a shot anyway he's don't Werner
hitting anybody
oh sure sure psyche that actually could
still destroy that cover if I really
wanted to uh it doesn't hurt my own guy
yeah and that won't hit him for anything
this there you go you could stomp on his
head
and then just shoot him in the back yep
shoot him right in the goddamn back oh
now you're fucked son us mad strats Jack
can you explain this game to me I'm not
getting it so far it's XCOM man that's
grid-based movement and turn-based
tactical shooting at each other just
that easy
let's see here true blue channel says
another streamer I'm currently watching
play this said that this game is
actually more complex than XCOM because
of the wider skill trees diverse
environments and bigger weapon variety
maybe a different bigger weapon variety
but really that the weapon variety isn't
that much because it's just the same
weapon with different stats
like higher stats they're just basically
upgrade some of the weapons have like
status effects like spraying more but an
XCOM that's directly equivalent to the
different ammo types right so that's
about a wash ok there's different skills
like movement skills like looking like
the jumping skills but the XCOM does
have the same like jump on your team is
they're still traversing like the
grappling hook and whatnot right right
so I think it's a horse a piece for as
far as like depth of gameplay as far as
the why I've got a lot further to go in
this yeah I'm gonna say X comes deeper
but this isn't this isn't shallow right
yeah that's a fair you know what that's
a fierce discuss this is completely
lacking like like the base building type
elements right that an XCOM has oh god
writin which can completely change your
strategy depending on what what part of
the base you build so yeah
DEP dill says XCOM doesn't have puzzles
I would say neither does this game you
just walk around the puzzles here are
very light that's not strategic def
puzzles are not strategic depth it's
just it's puzzles oh I thought I get
bounced off him to do it I don't have to
anyway everything's fine
yeah you're fine
you know what you're fine
anonymous says hijack and rich I'm
starting a weekly ish bad Movie Club at
my college to watch garbage with friends
that's a great idea anonymous wondering
if you had any tips or suggestions you
guys Rock
Labor Day happy Labor Day says Jimmy I
mean just watch all those old best to
the worst episodes you'll find some good
ones in there you know there's there's
nothing I would recommend outside those
episodes button except for life force if
you haven't seen life force you should
definitely see that mega it's overkill
the GR there's a bad movie discussion
happening over on reddit about like what
what what's the bad movie that you would
use to torture someone like it was your
job to torture someone with a bad movie
right thanks well well here's here's
what I said Rach I would go for the
triple feature things the jar and DB
Cooper versus Bigfoot not TV Cooper no
not TV Cooper I would start with
something a little more innocuous to
create a false sense of security
okay so something like what did I say DB
Cooper would have I mean that's great
you love things can't right out of here
things no human being loves nobody loves
things no sane person loves things oh
okay no so you know what I'd start with
the item do you remember the idol so now
the item is bad but it's not
horrendously bad and so it's a low point
of this though exactly to torture
someone but that's that's the thing rich
it's not horrendously bad so you you
show that to your torture victim and
they go this is all you got I can deal
with that the other waste they say I can
deal with that then you hit them with
things and things is an awful terrible
confusing movie then when they're just
at their breaking point you hate them
with the jar and their brain turns to
mush and you can get anything you want
out of them that sounds fantastic
Zach that is fun to watch we're talking
about movies that aren't fun to watch
right something that would destroy
someone's will to live yep go back read
some they explore I explore I don't know
what you want me to go back to and
that's how that thing
I don't think I've ever seen laser hawk
know Richard using laser hawk which one
is that mark hamill film take the
sanchong with you I can't
oh you can't pick it up yet no okay yeah
that's what you wanted that's the thing
I'm not currently capable of so well you
got the other thing that's all that
matters you did it
let's see here Dream Theater 13:10 says
please please do a half in the bag for
rich and I have no control over what and
a half in the bag yeah
gets made so like I could I could tag
best of the worst yeah yeah best or if
you might have a saying I have the baton
you know um I'm not doing reviews on
ain't got no say there nope nope
sometimes Mike and J yeah well Michael J
what you're going to review it doesn't
work I thought I think even if we said
hey I've heard you should do this
they're gone all right and they wouldn't
do it like that's not like they they
would forget about it the second we left
the room some
anonymous says Jack I've been getting
into hip-hop recently run the jewels
they stopped rock Tyler the Creator nice
MF DOOM Death Grips and stuff like that
do you have any suggestions for further
listening for no man that's the great
that's that you already got it man
you've got the good stuff you got the
fucking good stuff right there I really
enjoy I'm listening to Kendrick Lamar's
damn right now and I think it's a really
good album it's very chill so if you're
into stuff like like Aesop Rock and run
the jewels which is really like hard and
bombastic it's it'll be a gear shift for
you but it's really chill good hip-hop
also if you are if you want to get a
little more schlocky a little more
schlocky maybe a little more gangsta I
really recommend ASAP Rocky he has a
really good album and he has an album
that I listened to a lot a SAP rocky and
it's it's ASAP spelled a dollar sign ap
rocky Rich is totally into it don't
pretend like you're not long live ASAP
gangsta yeah
yeah I can turn it up a little bit no
problem so I I really like that all you
need to do is if you want to be sold on
an ace SAP rocky go and listen to the
song one train it's him it's Drake it's
Danny Brown
it's Kendrick Lamar is on it the it's
one train is an amazing song also if
you've never listened to whoo tang if I
can listen to some who Tang enter the
wu-tang is a really great album that I
think everyone who's into hip hop shit
on just because I think yeah they want
the music and the game up a little bit
rich so I'm going to turn it up a little
bit just a little bit for you guys there
you go music in the game is up a little
bit now jack is talking Chinese to me I
know it's I just I just I just like that
I like to hip hop wu-tang clan first of
all we Tang Clan ain't nothing to fuck
with and that's something you should
know right off the bat nice oh you got
this you got this totally so yeah get
enter the wu-tang get long live ASAP get
trying to think what else what else I
just really enjoying listening to off
off the cuff I get a most def album most
def isn't is a great rapper so what else
is around here that I need to find
but I can do yet I hate I hate this
Metroidvania style should like see all
this shit you don't remember what you
have to come back for and use books and
it's not even Metroidvania salikus like
you like in metroid you actually are
supposed to go through the we know like
you backtrack and that's a purposeful
game tiller huh it's filler and here
it's failure in Metroid it's filler
backtracking is part of the gameplay
because it leads to more exploring areas
where you need to backtrack in order to
get to the next area here you don't have
to backtrack
way you like Death Grips I've never
heard Death Grips but if you're
comparing them to the likes of run the
jewels and Aesop Rock I I'm like and MF
DOOM I might give them a listen yeah
that's where I came from I was down here
of just this I was wasted that's a waste
of everything oh I'm sorry rich I'm so
sorry Death Grips is a lot more intense
okay I'll give them a listen I'll try to
I will do my best to remember to listen
to it how long are these segments
between the gameplay too long sometimes
they can be a lot of it's optional yeah
and then you want to find different
weapons because there might be it might
be a good operate yeah but yeah a lot of
a lot of the treasure boxes you find her
just like concept art right or a 3d
model that you can look at later that's
that's a horse horse malarkey I don't I
don't have to do this shit that I'm
doing yeah but I don't want to miss out
on a good weapon either so I'm doing it
right
see CR w I've heard Dalek
I have heard Dalek I'm okay with I'm
okay with Dalek the band
that's here where are we
Anonymous's hijack just want to thank
you for sharing your weight-loss tactics
over the past few years
I'm currently down 20 pounds and I'm
officially no longer overweight thanks
for the tips follow-up oh the next one
do you have any good muscle building
tactics that won't involve me spending a
lot of money on jaemor equipment now
that I'm approaching scrawny again I
need to start bulking up in the right
places no and I know nothing about
gaining muscle I'm barely figured out
how to lose weight find yourself a nice
a nice web form for building muscle I
got nothing like and I can't help you
I'm very sorry but really really happy
to hear that you found some weight loss
tactics that worked for you it's it's
tough and it's a it's a daily it's
something you have to think about every
single day if you want to do a right
button good on you it's worth it
never-ending battle it is a never-ending
battle always yeah always it is always
end and that's the thing like a lot of
people go into a diet thinking like oh
I'll go on this diet and then eventually
I'll go off the diet and you just don't
because you know then you gain the
weight back
so it's good it's but it's good it's
worth it that's all I can say is it's is
it's it's never been not worth it for me
since I've lost the weight you feel
better no it ends when you die
mr. I love the ant says there's a ton of
workout videos on YouTube 1525 and $40
dumbbells can go a long way absolutely
and then you know just make sure that
you are changing your diet appropriately
for bulk days as opposed to cut days and
I'm sure I'm sure there's someone out
there who can help you a lot better than
I can
good luck mr. anonymous not ASAP Iraq
ASAP rocky look up one train listen to
the song one train by ASAP Rocky and it
will convince you to get the album
attended the album's good long live ASAP
there is
yeah good if you're if you're going on a
diet get really really used to grilled
chicken grip that's it that's that's the
most that's my grilled chicken that's
all you got
Thank You beefcake for linking to one
train great fucking song
great fucking song
that's your paying it's not gonna let it
turn lock is it you can go you can turn
it well if you get closer you have to
press the a and then you get like a
little cutscene but look at his face
it's supposed he's supposed to be being
you oh yeah
Jack is all about that thug life I enjoy
you know if you uh if you listen to ever
listen to someone like you know dr. Dre
talk about NWA or you know like any any
gangsta rapper who's wasn't really that
gangster back in the day they always
talked about it being like a bit of an
exaggeration and more just about what
was happening in their neighborhood not
necess not necessarily that they were
the gangster but they're just talking
about experiences that they've had in
their neighborhood and I like that I
like people telling stories
I could do this but it's still like I'm
literate I cover what if you shotgun
that brick yes yes
well can you not a madam
dick super worried about
that's true and Zelda breath of the wild
is also out on the Wii U so you don't
need a switch to play it and apparently
the the emulated version because there
is a Wii U emulator out there that's
apparently pretty functional they now
have breath of the wild the the ROM
version playing at a stable 60 frames a
second so the PC the the illegal PC
version is now up to snuff do you own
the copy of the game again fuck you I
wasn't trying to bring up you don't give
a f--- I wasn't trying to bring up the
thing I I think the message here is to
tend to get your shit together and
release a console that isn't subpar by
modern standards you know that's the
message I might take away from this they
could they could they could probably
make a pretty penny releasing all their
games on multiple platforms you know I
still have your hardware you tend to
take it to go
we need an emote of rich wearing a
pirate hat in an eyepatch on it
rich yeah this is a good question here
would you say this game adds enough to
the genre that it is not a complete
ripoff of XCOM yes
okay stuff like the movement yappin the
abilities are different same genre but
it's a different game it's not a reskin
bright I can be with you there I don't
think I've heard Jack's opinions on
games like mega maker mega maker is more
of a gray area because they are just
don't but just just this is there's no
there's no good that can come of this
I'm just gonna state my page well he cuz
here you know you might like this
because here's here's what mega maker is
doing sure they're taking a a
copyrighted image right but they are
taking a piece of art and distorting it
enough to make it their own thing right
they're not just taking the game and you
know taking the code and putting it on
the computer they they it's being
transformed mega maker is being
transformative of the original art I
can't reach him
it's fanfiction well well but like I
said more importantly they are doing
something new with with this character
and so like if you're someone like me
and is okay with hip-hop artists taking
samples and reimagining them into their
songs I'm a little more okay with
something like mega maker because
they're taking the sprites and finding a
new way to arrange them for our
enjoyment so obviously technically
speaking they can't make any money but
it's a free game so they're not making
any money off of it so it really doesn't
matter but if if it would be a shame
well no I'm not really because you know
they could just rescan everything it
would be a shame if someone like Sega
are not so sorry Capcom wanted to take
down mega maker because the use of copy
written images that would be a shame
hopefully a nice reskin would work I
know that's what the Zelda someone made
out like a zeldo maker yeah and and then
intend to shut them down and so they're
just rescanning you know
that's not hip-hop sampling that's a
remix exactly and that's that's why I'm
saying I'm more okay with something like
reg mega maker there their remix in
there doing their own thing kind of like
20xx doing their own thing everybody
knows it's everyone knows it's rogue
like Megaman but you put you slap a new
coat of skin on I know it's some
different what a letdown
oh it's just like a piece of art yeah no
nothing's good unless it's a golden box
the golden boxes are the ones that have
the weapons in them so blue yeah I did
play pokemon uranium and I know that's
basically the same thing I actually I've
played a few like pokemon rom hacks
where they they try to make their own
game using the basic code of Pokemon
like I said that those those situations
I'm a little more forgiving as far as my
personal opinion and please keep in mind
it's just my opinion because they are
they're doing something new they're
doing some fresh
I did I played Pokemon uranium on stream
a bit I was actually the only thing I
was upset about with Pokemon uranium was
they have real Pokemon in there I
thought they were going to a hundred
percent make their own thing but they
still have real Pokemon in there that's
an interesting ability
I haven't played around too much with it
yeah I can tell you that later enemies
in the game have that ability and it has
fucked me royally they do that to you
yeah I look like I feel like I have
really good cover and I'm ready to make
my move the next turn and all of a
sudden they use that ability and all my
guys are out in the open and dead it's a
fuck you know he uses that ability first
everyone takes a shot because they're no
longer in cover it's deadly
yes rich is really liking the game yeah
yeah and I think currently rich has two
rapids on his squad yeah you're rocking
the Mario and Luigi rabbit I think it's
fair I'm thinking about changing up I
don't know how I feel about captain no
range right if if you if you you can
give him some more movement points and
then he can really like get behind there
and hit multiple people with his shotgun
which is very nice I don't have more
movement points you don't have more and
and he does have the four hit three
people in his - hit if you build him up
he can be really nice I I really like
Mario Luigi Luigi rapid that's my usual
go-to team I was playing around a little
bit with peach because she has a really
good heal ability a button I'm not gonna
use him until I get my hammer Tiberius I
I have one rabid it's and my and the
rabbit is usually Mario Luigi rabid
Luigi and then I swap between regular
Luigi and Peach probably just gonna
stick with regular Luigi peach is a
really good healer what are three dashes
yeah she has three dashes - and the
upgrade the damage that's really useful
she's got a heel which I need to upgrade
it I'm right I'm not feeling much
healing coming from that well that's why
I that's why I usually switch I usually
just go the luigi's in Mario because
then I just killed them fast enough
where I don't even need to heal
no I like peach peach has the shotgun
she has the duck grenade which comes in
handy very often
I really like the duck grenade and I
like her jump yell that has that has
saved my ass a few times but that's the
thing rabid Luigi has that vampire heel
which also does damage to the enemies
which which is that has worked out
better for me that vamp eel is where
it's at man
good evening crunchy let's see here dr.
doom it up says hey guys first live
scream in a while and he plans for
another euro friendly stream in the
future so tired right now
also Rich's death star popcorn machine
bit had me laughing in tears I did watch
that after the stream yeah yeah that was
a great fire that was a great fire
unplanned I know it's beautiful that's
what I'm saying is it's beautiful that
was a beautiful fire yeah well do it we
can do another euro friendly stream you
know it'll help me slowly goat rich into
a into earlier start times do some day
streams
you know if you guys if you have home
really early streams I'll just start
streaming at like 10 in the morning but
it'll be me cleaning up Legos if you
guys are ok with that I'll just do an in
real life stream from like 10 to noon
every day and it'll just be me
organizing Legos in our basement which
are unholy goddamn mess so if that's not
you think you'll like you know ever
every every day just you know we'll talk
about the news of the day while I clean
Legos no not building Legos me cleaning
up Legos I have oh I have all these at
home I have all these wonderful bins and
I have like the little screw and bolts
organizers that you get at Home Depot
for the tiny Legos and the idea is what
we would organize all of our Legos it'd
be really easy to find the piece but
then when you want to clean up quickly
just kind of shove them all into one bin
and then every once in a while we take
the bin dump it out and organize all the
little pieces and I haven't done it in
so long
that all of our Legos are a mess so I'm
not the dad from the lego movie like I
let my kids build whatever they want
everyone says that everyone calls me
president business but no they build
whatever they want I'm trying to make it
easy easier for them to find the piece
that they're looking for when they say
oh I want to build a tank or whatever
right and then but I need this piece and
I say well I can show you exactly where
that is because I put all these pieces
here and then it's I'm teaching my
children how to be organized and if you
are organized it helps facilitate
creativity
just still using an inferior blaster I'm
a dumbass oh you are on damage of
bounced damage I gave what's your face
on the honey damage so I think we're
gonna go with bounce yeah yeah and
they're both good
you know there's they both do different
things they both work Jack and shorts
picking up Lego action that's what it
would be if it so if that's what you
want you let me know I'll make that
happen
bi-weekly no not bi-weekly maybe a
bimonthly Lego organization stream is me
drinking coffee or gonna hand Legos
how does you organize healthier kids
learn the importance of organizing we
usually do it together they won't do it
no they won't organize on their own but
the hope is that they will enjoy the
organization so much that it's something
they take with them one stayed to up
jacket won't was all right well I'm
sorry
yes and I'll make sure biscuits down
there for the stream said it'll be me
organizing Legos with biscuit all right
who else is around but I gotta worry
about that guy who's over here it was
one out in the open all right all right
right but you just you just have to get
to the area here
this isn't about this isn't about
killing anyone
thank you for the straw poll for if
anyone wants to do a you're a friendly
Lego tidying stream but it looks like
overwhelming the votes are now yeah
that's fair you know what that's fair
probably should have brought Luigi
do you have them organized by color than
my type by brick oh god why couldn't
stop asking about vote so you know the
bigger piece is just by color you know
like a big bull a big Blin
big bin of the whites the blues the
blacks the greens for any of the bigger
bricks as you get to these smaller more
specific pieces that's when you need to
start organizing by type and not
necessarily by color and so we have one
bin that's all just the tours you know
just the two by one brick we have one
that's all just like the lava the the
like curved circle on one end with the
four on the other end as you get smaller
it's more important to organize by type
and that's what the the little you know
you go to Home Depot and you can get the
drawers that are full of that helped
organize screws and nuts and bolts those
are great for organizing smaller LEGO
pieces and we right now we currently
have only one bin that's all guys you
know like all the guy parts all that the
heads the bodies the legs and then
another bin for all the accessories that
can go with that and that includes
weapons so weapons accessories has won
bin guys is another bin but I'm starting
to think that actually we need to
organize the guys a little more
efficiently because my kids like to rip
apart the guys and build their own
unique guys
shit this weekend previously recorded to
atheism versus agnosticism and Lego
organization this is why I subscribe to
you guys exactly yeah this is this is a
those are the two topics that are most
important to rich and I his Lego
organization and and atheism versus
agnosticism oh man you guys really want
me to do Lego organization stream great
our unit Lego or just your kids my kids
more so than me I don't know I don't
have the time if if I had all the time
and money in the world yes I would build
Legos all the time I love I love putting
Legos together I love following
instructions and putting the sets
together and then I love to make my own
things Legos are great Legos are fucking
great but no they're I don't have an
Excel spreadsheet for my Lego
organization a lot of its just freeform
because you know you start to make piles
of like LEGO pieces and then you have to
just make a call do all of these go
together or is it better if I separate
this down even more she rich
you know like for example there are two
different grades in the Lego world
there's the light gray and the dark gray
this is a conversation we're happy I
don't know if it's horrible or great or
what rich this is something that is very
important to me and so you know if you
don't have a lot of Legos you can put
all your grace together your like greys
and your dark grains but as soon as you
get a few sets you're gonna realize
there's a big difference between your
light Gray's and your dark Gray's and
then if you're organizing your wheels do
you put the full wheel together do you
put the rubber and the inners in
separate places
it's these this is a what so in any case
there's there's a lot of options when I
do my gyro friendly Lego cleaning
streams I'll show you my my setup it's
pretty awesome
the favorites set that I've built that I
have currently I bought myself the
Clayface from the Lego Batman movie
because I love clay clay face and
there's a really neat clay face from the
like a Batman movie he actually has a
mouth that you can move to make
different faces he has cool big hands a
shooter so I really like my Lego
Clayface
retro mania og says to be fair this
isn't discussing the terms and service
of twitch so it's better and see the
doctor smoke trees doctor Smoketree says
looking for pieces is no fun at all
which is why organizing them ahead of
time is how you make it fun if you know
you want to build something and you know
exactly where those pieces are it makes
for a much better building experience
what's the strength what's the story
what is the stretch
so who's got movement left a lot of
people okay then you got a lot of strats
what what how did you do that and fun
that's fine
what is the process called when you lay
out the light kind pieces for a build
it's called no Ling it's a fuckin name
oh no that's no Ling is organizing
anything by like shape size or color so
no lling is the process of organizing in
general and it's it's especially useful
when building Legos you you know when
you open up the bag for a set you know
them you put them all in like shape
color and sizes and then when you build
they're really easy to find
I do not super glue my Legos together
knowing yep you guys got it I do not use
the kragle you guys are crazy so and
yeah that's basically what I'm doing
with a moment when I'm organizing my
Legos after the fact is I'm just putting
them in places where it's easy to find
them I used to like the original space
Lego but now it's all boring Star Wars
shit yeah very true that is very true
like we a set we just got a little bit
ago we got a space shuttle which has
been a really you know it's just like
the classic space shuttle not Star Wars
you know and I've really liked it and it
has the the really cool like half curve
longer pieces that have been we've been
able to turn into other spacecrafts very
easily it so nice rich then you know
like there's some cool sets in the
branded stuff the set that I really
wanted they have a mr. Frese from the
lego batman movie that looks fucking
bad-ass like a big mech suit mr. Frese I
really want that
and they have that new lego ninjago
movie coming out and they'll it looks
like they have some really neat I do I
like the big robots like the big mech
suit robots so the lego ninjago movie
has some neat mech robot sets so I'm
excited about all that as that's usually
like that's half of like Christmas and
birthdays at our house is just LEGO sets
fucking Legos everywhere
let's see what we got here
casual horse says I hardly play video
games
I cannot stand side scrollers especially
with double jumps and I don't care for
superhero movies yet I still love your
channel thanks for all the great
entertainment well thank you casual arse
idea whatever you find here we
appreciate it we appreciate your
patronage
rich is playing a Rabbids game and jack
is talking about Legos is this the most
baby friendly streamer what fuck yet is
this one's for the kids
alright anonymous says I need your help
settling a debate if someone if someone
buys a gift for someone else who does it
belong to the person who bought it or
the person who receives it receives it
but only after they received it is the
buyer allowed to take it back no no not
after it has been given that is true you
can just never give it to them and
change your mind about whether or not
you wanted to give it to them right once
once the gift has been given there's no
take-backsies no backsies on gifts yep
there there's actually something there
there is a the engagement ring law the
the question is rich is if someone gets
engaged to someone else and and they
give them like you know a ring for you
know because they love them do you do
they legally have the right to get that
engagement ring back after like if the
right if the engagement breaks off
i-i've you the engagement ring
specifically yes as a sort of contract
if if there has been an actual marriage
it is hers yes if she calls it off
mm-hmm she should give it back if he
calls it off so you're half right so
there is a laws yeah and the law states
that if either call it off
he whoever bought the ring gets it back
yeah okay because it was it was meant as
a contract and it was meant as a gift
yes I could be calling it off because
she did something horrible right all
right
I'll let you know Ali would agree to
that and so so legally speaking any gift
that's given for the contractor out of
love or whatever has to be returned to
the purchaser but let's say he bought
her a laptop and then called the
engagement off he cannot ask for the
laptop back so that's actually a real
thing that happens but no any gift that
you give is then that person's thing
that they can do with what they want
even if what they want to do is return
it to the store and get store credit
like them that's their thing then you
just gave him a shitty gift that's not
gives better that was mean of me to say
and I'm sorry what if the gift was a
Lego set then the the receiver gets to
keep that be the fiance gets to keep
that or ex-fiance
no horse or thinketh of whale hey rich
yeah would you rather be playing XCOM
right now fine with both of these things
you can like two different things
hmm every oh so says my husband bought
me a laptop and Legos for my birthday
those are legit love gifts but what I'm
saying is you can't you you are under no
legal obligation to give those back
unlike the ring which you are under a
legal obligation to give back let's just
go back there's a lot just goes back I
would also assume that yeah
what if a laptop is given in lieu of a
ring I think you would find yourself
with quite the burden of proof unless
you have it in green engraved on the
laptop that you are giving it to them in
lieu of a ring and that the laptop
symbolizes your contract of marriage you
would probably have a really hard time
proving that in court
that your laptop was given to them in
lieu of a ring yeah you would need a
picture of you kneeling with and opening
a laptop that's what you would need
voltage surge I assume that yes rich
we'll get into the XCOM to expansion
yeah just not wherever we're playing
this right now these things came out of
the same fucking time the same day yeah
it's the exact same day so yes we will
get into the xm2 expansion I can only
assume that will be many streams as rich
really gets into XCOM so
so anyway anonymous as far as gifts are
concerned I don't know I don't know who
you're having this debate with but if
they ever give you a gift be really wary
of it because this seems like a very
simple thing once you give a gift it is
then that person's okay if ferret in -
772 s has finally made it to extreme
didn't realize I have a free
subscription so here you guys go
thanks for joining it up with me Jack
and rich I still owe you a free game
from the first soul stream there you go
those golden boxes have the weapons in
him the blue prism says hi again guys I
recently was able to grab the witness
for $10
did I just get fucked by the unholy cock
of Jonathan Blow is it worth 10 bucks I
have heard some people say it is I don't
think it is but some people really like
it you do you man
but yeah you do you it's if if you're
into that kind of thing that's great
maybe maybe you will get $10 of
enjoyment out of it
Feridun says rich I played enemy unknown
within for hundreds of hours it's one of
my top games ever but I avoided XCOM 2
because a good friend of mine said it
was bad and reviews I read weren't hold
on it's great
well I know you think it's great I'll
tell you who thinks it's bad people who
get upset that turtle strats don't
really work as well anymore hmm
one of us is one of the most effective
ways to play X come the the you know
enemy within the enemy unknown yeah was
by hanging back hunkering down making
sure you're always under good cover yeah
yeah this is not a bad thing I enjoy
that game yeah
ex-cons who wanted to shake it up they
wanted to force you to be aggressive and
move so some missions have most missions
have some sort of timer okay it's a big
adjustment yeah I got used to it like I
think I liked it better well that was
the question is which would you like
better the original orc you you need to
X count of 1 is is following your this
is my plan this is my procedure this is
what works we're gonna follow the plan
and we're gonna win sometimes the next
come to you have to improvise I think
that's a good thing yeah I think that's
a good thing
forces you to think on your feet yeah
alright I like them bTW boo-boo beat it
boo boo I think that's a fine girl you
know I had some fun with X come to it
was it's not necessarily my thing but I
enjoyed what I played of it
what's the next thing I want to unlock
for Mario
anyone know what stream Jason died in
that was um FTJ faster than Jason just
one up didn't it yeah for some reason
when I was cutting up streams I forgot
to upload that one to YouTube and so
it's and I don't know why it just it
just didn't go up and so on it's out of
order but that one just went up
yesterday I think
FTJ faster than Jason that one has the
Jason killing him
and yes it was a legit Jason kill some
people thought it more impressive than
others Karen like bored ha ha ha
that's 70s save it for that one hundred
and thirty percent damage for your
overwatch shots that you get too old
yeah yes of course
two free shots that's 130 percent damage
ways away from affording that it's a
night that's a nice upgrade oh yeah no
doubt no doubt
Theodore Larson I will be honest with
you I have not played overwatch since
before doom fist came out there we've
had a ton of other things to play
overwatch used to be the thing that I
would I would start playing like if I
just had like a half hour to kill and
now I find myself just getting in a
quick game of pub G and actually going
back to Team Fortress 2 and just getting
a couple a couple rounds of a Team
Fortress 2 game in so nothing against
overwatch I still think it's a great
game they have some new maps coming out
which I so I'll probably hop on when the
new maps come out but
you know it's nothing against overwatch
I just for some reason don't feel like
playing it except my invites so we can
poop gu okay Jurgis I think I have some
some free some free slots I like that
every once in a while and you know like
I'll hop on pub G and hang out in the
lobby for a little bit see if anyone
invites me to a game and cuz you know
the games with other people are always
more fun
but since they ruined Divac I know
they've been working a lot on diva I was
reading I forget if it was an article or
if it was just someone's like blog posts
somewhere basically saying that they are
trying to turn every character into
soldier 76 is they're trying to
basically make everyone DPS have one
large-scale weapon and have a
self-healing ability does I mean they're
ruining it well it means they have this
diverse cast of characters who in a
team-based game can function really
magically together if everyone knows
what they're doing and if everyone's
communicating but not everyone knows
what they're doing in that everyone's
communicating and so they want to also
make sure that if you're playing in a
group of people who aren't communicating
you can still have a decent time and
soldier 76 is really good at that at
like just handling his own business
he has his a good damage per second
weapon with machine gun he has a rocket
launcher and he has an ability to heal
himself which means like he can just
hang out and do his own thing
and not be dependent on another teammate
and it seems like they're trying to do
that with a lot of other hero
homogenizing Sunday that's a great way
to put it thank you why do they want
this over well the overwatch dev team is
doing this to make sure that you can
have a good time and not be dependent on
your team
which i think is a bad decision oh look
at that mailbox that's a silver vault
that's great I might need that look I
mean
oh nice vamp damage too so in any case I
like like I said it's nothing
personalized I loved overwatch I have a
ton of hours into it and I but I just
haven't been playing it recently only
two healers in the entire game that can
solo heal which is really faith well and
that like that's the other thing is like
they they tried to introduce another
healer character but almost no one uses
an ax as a healer everyone uses her as
an offensive sniper and now they are
changing up mercy to make her more of a
battle medic which means that mercy is
going to be healing even less people
lucio at least has a passive heal so he
can still shoot at people while healing
others around him but for someone like
me who plays a lot of mercy actually
I've been reading about all the changes
they're making a mercy in the PTR and
I'm fairly excited about it so maybe
when when they get that pushed out I'll
I'll hop back in again Anna is
absolutely the worst dealer I agree she
is the worst dealer and I don't much
care playing for her but I do like
playing as mercy and can they charge
through the no no they have to go around
alright alright I can handle this yeah I
can handle this
as someone who doesn't play mercy her
changes seem cool they do like I I liked
the because Mercy's main superpower was
the team he'll like reviving everyone at
once which is very situational and
they're turning that from her big
superpower to a mild superpower that you
can use more often but only revives one
person I think that's a really that's
gonna be a game changer so our strategy
is concerned and they're just making it
so her main superpower makes her more
powerful in general which means all of
her superpowers respond quicker she's
faster stronger and can fly High Street
to you so I'm excited to mess around
with mercy once she gets her big change
but I bring him may have been a mistake
is what it is is what it is
hey what you played mercy and PTR and
she's kind of shitty well you know we'll
see that's that's the whole point PTR is
there the public test region is
blizzards kind of like open beta where
they test out new features and iron out
oh yeah you remember to pay attention to
the weather
awesome
that was awesome
public test region
oh yes actually right where I want him
just barely
public test realm is that what it's
called oh well I suppose I don't I don't
go into the PTR so I actually don't know
what it's called I assumed region but
Rama makes an equal amount of sense so
I'm not terribly surprised button oh
okay
so when are we gonna get our first Lego
cleaning screen well I'll look into it
I'll look into it we can make this hat
we can make this a reality the Lego
cleaning stream you according to the
straw poll this seems like something
that you want after our first one we'll
see how many of you still want it ouch
we fine you know he doesn't come after
you if you do this right if you do what
if you hit down like that
yes we know cuphead is almost out we
will probably play it I'm not anti
playing cuphead I'm just to a shit
there's a lot there's a lot we're just
not because there's too much shit we're
not playing cuphead that's what by the
way rich I will stand by your decision
if that's your decision all right and
give a specific time with three months
and three months we'll play cuphead no
cuz then they'll be more to shit out
chicken flavored chicken we were talking
earlier about adding more gyro friendly
streams and I said if people really want
streams during the day I can stream
myself cleaning up Legos and it was half
a joke but people seem to be really ok
with it and so really they'll just force
me to organize my Legos at home which is
you know always always nice to have an
excuse to do that and yes then biscuit
will be there don't want him to be in
range that is a good call right as a
smart and good call
who out there
freez actually doesn't hurt you that
much
it just sounds mostly inconvenient well
just it blocks you from using your super
abilities right like you can still move
and use your regular fire but you just
can't use any of your super abilities
unless well you know that gets taken off
if someone pounces off you right think
away rich you do your thinking man put a
co pro on biscuit
oh you got him
oh nice get the mad flank flank against
the exploding ice bucket though yeah yep
change plans okay change it up while you
figure this out I'm gonna take a small
bathroom break
figure it out rich oh fuck that still
work
that might work
no no that's not what I wanted you to do
I wanted here sure that fucker wait a
fuckup Mario
Marya was supposed to shoot the guy and
blow the thing up not run around to the
other side of the wall I was going to
shoot that guy and then see if there was
some better cover I could take back
there once the thing had exploded I
think we're gonna be all right
you want health not great
yeah
everybody I'm back if it's just Mario
with an ex-con skin I'll assume it's
super fun as we discussed earlier it's
actually a little bit more than that
very little as you see like what rich is
doing here with the the dash attacks the
jumping I think that this has a greater
emphasis on movement you you jump off of
your teammates you dash into enemies you
jump on enemies there is there's more
cute little fun elements to this then in
XCOM and so I think it's different
he's I guess what I'm saying
this would be much better with just
Nintendo characters and no Rabbids
fucking agree I like the Rabbids what do
you believe the big deal I find them to
be annoying
I don't like gremlins they're like
gremlins they're like gremlins oh you
know mischievous monsters they're fine I
will suck it up
I will accept that comparison the only
thing is they're not a horrible demon
monsters which I like over with the
gremlins
I put Rabbids slightly below minions on
my things that I can't stand list so I
think minions are worse
rabbits are better but not by much
listen epic Jason critters is a while a
fine schlocky movie gremlins wins over
critters if we're just comparing movies
oh he needs to die or else you die yeah
nice ones we're gonna bolt oh sure that
would be ideal and you know actually
that yes that is a small complaint of
mine is like peach has a hand grenade
it's a rubber duck
and yeah and rabid Luigi has a missile
launcher they're effectively the same
thing no no they're they're a little bit
different but like you know how an X
come you could aim a grenade not at an
enemy yeah you could just aim it
anywhere so you could maybe blow up
multiple enemies or blow up cover
peaches grenade you have to aim at an
enemy so what you're saying is X come
might have a little bit more depth XCOM
might have a little bit okay okay which
is fine you know like and that's what I
was saying earlier where I thought like
they made some sacrifices in the for the
sake of simplicity that I don't
necessarily like about this like you
like that simple I do like that it's
simple overall wow that's a nitpick
that's just like a thing I found
annoying mostly because with peaches
Grenada I ran into a very specific
situation where if I would were able to
place the grenade in between two I'd be
able to hit two people with a grenade
instead I could only hit one you know so
dafuq were all these weapons when bounds
of tried taking over the Mushroom
Kingdom
these weapons only appeared when the
rabid and Mario universe World congealed
into one you know I'm kind of shocked I
haven't seen any of in this but fire
flower Mario it would seem to make
perfect sense oh yeah his guns not
really a fire gun I guess just throwing
fireballs like fire Mario yeah
yeah not a bad play rich not a bad point
it off
all right rabid Mario's not doing it for
me I concur
chicken flavored chicken this game is a
good all-time this game is a fine old
time who's coming how do we want
or frog suit Mario yeah well you can't
bring everything over but that would be
fun too I mean I'm not saying she's bad
but Luigi you know
yep Luigi that's always nice where are
we Anonymous is last December I made a
resolution for 2017 no watching trailers
for movies I know I'm going to see it's
made me enjoy movies much more in my
opinion
oh it's made me enjoy movies much more
in my opinion downside
I can't risk watching nerd crew until
December true dat you know I feel the
same way anonymous and it's not like
it's not about ruining it for me I just
don't like if I know I'm going to see a
movie
I don't care to see the trailer because
I I'm already sold on the movie before
the trailer so it's just like time I
don't need to spend

[Part II]
all right you need some upgrades Luigi
but I want that triple overwatch shot
that's 100 that's 100 blue orbs Luigi
well well I I haven't found any new
sniper in a while I think they've
deliberately made it so you don't lose
Louie use Luigi for the section I have
not found a new rifle for Luigi really
in a while let me let me it was what
were you thinking of getting if triple
overwatch wasn't an option he's held us
low okay mm-hmm all right
ah
that vampire was nice
vampires super nice
you want you want vampire questions do I
want this guy or not Mario captain
captain destroy our own cover yeah well
what battle are you about to go into is
it the boss battle I don't know about
that cuz remember or not I'm not
harvested sure the boss battle don't you
automatically get peach and you can only
choose two what does it ask you to
choose again I don't know I think I just
got her and I don't think I got to
choose who I was and peach has a boom
shot - I'm not that fond of him maybe
with enough upgrades ah big black silvio
says the vampire is nice he's trying to
cure AIDS I get it
that's great
need em coins that's cute yeah the
Rabbids are monsters Queen of the One
Ring they are let's see here cheek
MooMoo says add this to the socks and
microphone stand budget maybe we do need
a new mic stand there this is the
problem this one stands up really nice
this mic stand that I got off of Amazon
for two dollars this is a nice mic stand
should we just get you another one rich
if that's what you want what what I'm
glad they're rich Richard no no you
don't worry you worry about you rich you
have to defeat all the enemies here you
have a tough battle now you asking who
Tim is Timothy yeah Tim has been in a
few rlm things but mostly he's just my
friend who's in a lot of my videos and I
really just like that face of his I
think it's very silly so I made an emote
of his face only to amuse myself I will
be making other emotes and thank you
again to movie dicks whoever runs the
movie dicks Twitter account sent me the
the jack as a clown emotes and the mad
trap strats --mode which I think are
great those are great emotes and so I'll
work on a few more emotes as as the days
go on
West Coast's says is this game worth
buying I am gonna go out on a limb and
say yes but it all depends on what kind
of games you like if you if you are a
fan of strategy games this is a nice
light fare they they do a good enough
job of breaking up the battles like you
know if you're a mobile player like I
think a lot of people who have a switch
are they do a really good job of
breaking up each battle into 1015 minute
chunks and so you can just do a battle
you know it can be a good bathroom game
as what I'm saying
and if you're someone who's who might
not be well-versed in this sort of
grid-based movement tactical strategy
genre and are looking for an entry point
I also think that this could be a really
good entry point for you just to say
like would I would I be into a game like
XCOM well this is a nice simple version
of this just but hey Wow
so are there games on the switcher now
it's getting yeah that's a good question
switches games now not evolution now
featuring at least three games you might
want to play switch has some games now
as far as exclusives you know you got
this you got splatoon - you got arms and
uh that's that's about it for exclusives
I know there's some more exclusives
but yeah possibly wait until Super Mario
Odyssey comes out before making the leap
because then you will have even more
games to play
breath of the wild is not exclusive to
the switch as it is also on the Wii U
just like mario kart 8's which edition
is also on the way now it's on the Wii U
as well so that's a good way of putting
it crispy bit it has a great library if
you don't already have a Wii U it has a
fine library I'll say you know it's got
the Mario games it's got the Mario Kart
it's not perfect but it's not terrible
nice no yes he'd like a lot of this is a
lot of these like I said the emphasis on
movement in the game is you know rich
had to go through one of the bad guys
bounce off of Luigi rabid to clear him
up from a status ailment to them the
Ouija rabbit was able to go through and
kill guys and now it's neat it's it's
different it's different enough from
XCOM to make it unique yeah if you are
into XCOM type games and a bounce
fuck man that was nice in two turns
yeah oh shit strategy master yeah I
noticed that about you
shit dog - fucking turns one of those
one of those challenge Maps do you go
through the world then you can go
through again and there's there's
different challenges yeah that you
didn't have the first time around one of
the one of the last ones I think it was
the last one for world one just just
kept knocking me senseless that's great
I'd like a dozen times to get that one
uh-huh so there is there is legitimate
challenge even for a master of strategy
yeah that's nice that's good to know
take that I could have come back later
with butter weapons but I did it as soon
as I couldn't do it sure sure
neat that's a fun little section right
there I like that sure it's simple but
nice you know that's what I was saying
about as far as like gaming on the go
like if you're if you're taking your
switch mobile gaming or bathroom gaming
is you can do a little chunk like that
and then put it down for a little bit
which is very nice the way that they
paced out the battles now what's the
story here
what's the story hmm losing blocks see
what happens
maybe it's nothing that'd be very weird
why would you just put block so you can
move in an area that nothing happens if
you move them something I have to kind
of get it to match that other thing of a
parapet
all right let's see here dr. doom it up
says since the dollar is really weak
right now tipping is cheaper than ever
so enjoy a few more bucks you find
gentlemen Oh put it into the Lego
organization stream fund I have to tell
Lisa about this honey I'm gonna
livestream from the basement for a
little bit well I'll be organizing Legos
she won't care if you like fucking do it
every day
you mean the basements gonna be clean do
it then it'll be a fine Jack solo strip
it'll be no no I won't everyone everyone
says they want this until they get it
yeah just me yeah it'll just be me and
biscuit it'll just be me and the cat and
organizing Legos it's gonna be great 70
I kind of have to I kind of have to
that's too good
oh that's too good it's too good that's
great yeah if you got that if you got
then the numbers I have maxed out
Mario's overwatch nice Thanks Ouija not
yet no well not yet Luigi
you'll get there so sweet oh yeah save
up save up for that triple for that
triple over overwatch man that's gonna
be a hat desert Dan Keith of Wales's hey
guys just wanted to thank you for
signing my copy of space cop no problem
no problem
Rich's scene with Patton Oswalt is
fuckin comedy gold
Jack shout out to your performance as
mute blue guy as well love the movie
technically speaking I'm also in that
scene with Patton I'm the one talking to
him off camera you can hear you can hear
me whisper in that scene so rich what
was it like working with Penn it wasn't
I know you cuz you you film that you
film that well before her and you were
back in Milwaukee yeah wouldn't be
caught dead hanging around Patton Oswalt
I've refused terrible was there a reason
why you did not come you just don't like
fun no need for I hate what I hate
flying yeah and there's no need for
another ticket no bring me out there you
know it would have been fun I hate
flying
you hate flying that much oh man well it
was a very fun trip and even even though
we we got to hang out with Patton for
approximately ten minutes eight of which
we're filming that scene it was it was
great
all right I want to say I'm getting
through this more efficiently than you
did I want to say that in whoa what do
you mean by more efficiently taking less
damage maybe less turn Oh probably yeah
but it's taking me maybe longer because
I'm dicking around in menus and fucking
around thinking about shit here so your
bring will will be good for what's who
would combo well with who
well let's character committee if I
upgrade this aspect of that character
that character will be a good character
right so so you're getting through the
actual battles more efficiently but
everything else
come tremendous I disagree I think there
is no flying is wonderful it gets you
places faster and easier you know going
through an airport yes oh three - oh
yeah that's great
no I flying is great sometimes going
through an airport can be a hassle but
you after you do it a few times you get
the routine down and it's great at
longest you know you're going from coast
to coast they're you know here to Los
Angeles it's like a four-hour plane ride
so you know if you have a non-stop
you're trapped on an airplane for four
hours which is well worth it because you
get to Los Angeles in four hours so I I
love I love flying
so the chat saying but why rabbits
because they develop the game and
pitched at the Nintendo yeah it's an
ubisoft game and I'm trying to think of
Obi softs catalog do they have anything
else that's like super family-friendly
Ravin the Rabbids gonna do Raymond I
don't think the Rabbids are on
family-friendly no I'm saying rabbits
are family-friendly which is why they
Raymond Raymond yeah yeah Raymond but
Raymond has his own thing right now
which is very very Mario thing you know
he does his own platformer Raymond
though those are some great games rayman
or using my voice you're losing it yes
why I don't know no good reason do you
think that because we put the compressor
on OBS you've subconsciously felt like
talking louder is that no I don't it
happened during the nerd crew discussion
- I'm just losing my voice easier these
things you know what you're getting old
Jack you know what needs to happen rich
so you need some motherfucking water you
need to you need to make sure you need
to make sure you hydrate during these
during these streams
you can't tell why didn't I can feel it
does the thing sure
no J was not really sick during that
I've seen a lot of people like on
Twitter and on the internet asking if J
was really sick during that no
apparently J is just that good of an
actor I think largely we just wanted to
use the Darth Vader humidifier I'm good
that's the only reason he was sick there
was gonna be more like weird Medical
Star Wars things but I don't know that
didn't happen there was gonna be this
whole I was gonna be eating with a
series of like Chemical Star Wars
product like we bought on our 2d -
through c-3po salt shaker
lightsaber forks and knives but after
the popcorn machine bit which was
largely improvised right there was no
point sure sure
that kind of ended the food bit well you
know what it's over now we you know the
rest of this it literally caught on fire
and we can't write a better joke than
the popcorn machine catching on fire
yeah no it's true it was not supposed to
about function I think I talked about
this last dream but yeah ro retell the
story that's fine my voice doesn't give
up they'd be exploding popcorn machine
we get this popcorn machine and the bits
just gonna be I'm eating popcorn out of
this comical desktop popcorn machine
right and I'm putting the popcorn and
Mike and J are both like why aren't you
putting oil in there and I read the
instructions yeah instructions didn't
say jack shit about putting oil or
butter in with the kernels but by the
way you would not of course I'm like the
instructions don't say to do that right
they just say to put the popcorn in
there and then put the butter of this
thing on top so the butter gets heated
yeah well they didn't say because it was
so obvious of course you do that okay
I'm gonna put this in here yeah and
we'll just see what happens yeah what do
you see what happens and then you know
we're filming and not much of this got
used because you couldn't I guess you
couldn't see it in camera but it started
smoking with the butter in there yes
that would make sense and then the bit
just became well it's malfunctioning and
it's loud and besides the smoke yeah and
then Mike wants to throw a firecracker
in there
just my name is get more smoke let's get
some sparks sure and he put a sparkler
into a pit full of popcorn and oil so of
course it catches on fire for real right
he just wanted the sparkler to make it
look like Joe is malfunctioning but it
caught on fire
right yeah that's why I ran with it yeah
of course
well that's the thing like dr. smoke
trees is saying it says right on their
Amazon page uses hot air to pop no oil
required rich read the instructions and
was like the instructions say we don't
need oil but you know what Mike and Jays
hubris turned out to be good comedy so
we'll take it
another is a relatively quick way to do
this you have to do blue first did we
yeah no oh no remember Costa goes that
one like straight ahead then to the left
then blue and well yeah good out there
then switch its boy yep they go
let's see here
or are we chikka MooMoo who says wife
decided to go out after work instead of
coming home for the traditional Sunday
stream so I'm tipping on her account hi
honey
well thank you chiku let's see here
anonymous says can rich his sister come
back so we can get another board game
stream that's up to her 8 our risk
stream probably not
I don't know how under risk she'd be but
we can absolutely do another board game
stream and what a perfect opportunity
you know I played a really fun board
game last night we went over to a
friend's house for dinner and a little
board gaming afterwards and we played a
game called tiny epic quest and oh
here's the one where peach comes in oh
I'm at the other already yeah nice and
it's it's this board game where you your
key you play like a little adventurers
and you have to like complete quests and
get items and it's basically like
village and of Zelda the board game yeah
and it was it was a really fun play we
were still learning so it took us a long
time but theoretically it's supposed to
take always take like 45 minutes an hour
to play one on whole game and Mario how
can your I move in there
yep the Sun a block of ice you're not
moving your eye
so I was like losing your voice easier
is that a sign of like submit a
fulfilled cancer this is the beginning
of the end for rich Evans times in one
week it's weird it's weird but it's also
the beginning of allergy season this is
true this is also the time that a summer
cold will come and get you because the
weather is changing there are many
things that can lead to a sore throat
local celebrity dies of throat cancer it
was at 11:00 the irony man who talks for
living gets throat cancer may be a
nightmare that would be a nightmare I
forget what the deal with this guy is
he's got the big shield obviously if you
remember I think you have to blow up the
shield first so I think you might even
be able to hit it from the front but I I
hit him from from the side and back but
I don't know if you have to
Jack recently watched hands of Steel did
you guys know the Italian guy in the
movie literally died filming a random
helicopter scene no no we did not we did
not yeah you know overall I think the
music in the game is really good a lot
of people are complimenting this battle
music I do think the music in the game
is nice
oh I know for some of you who were
around for our other stream have seen
this battle already yeah but we know not
a lot of people were around for that
battle so we're playing it again
and rich needs the wage and he just
turns towards whoever alright no rich
needs to play it so we can do an episode
on it
oh no that's into any damage you do need
to hit him from behind because I'd like
to film I'd like to film an episode and
I you're probably dying explosive damage
maybe there you go that's it something
close enough for your Grenada good
Renaud how you are Oh some ducks
oh yeah she's got her ducks I don't know
if I can she's got a cool dicks any
movies that have been so bad you
couldn't sit through them the the only
movie I ever stopped watching midway
through was way back in the day
foolishly foolishly rich I stopped
watching the Cable Guy because I didn't
understand it and I was like this is
dumb I don't get it I was looking I was
going in looking for a basic Jim Carrey
comedy yeah and it took me a good few
months to a year to read well I guess
like a lot of people talk about this
movie I'll watch it again on second
viewing I understood what the movie was
going for but that was the only movie
that I've ever stopped watching midway
through every other movie I guy I make
it all the way through and yeah of
course it was a mistake of mine I just
didn't understand it I didn't understand
what the movie was going for I do now so
see that green area if one of your
allies is within that green area they
they in her get healed she'll get healed
for every jump she makes huh but if you
jump and say Mario is on one of those
green tiles he will also get healed just
a heads up I knew someone who did the
same with Fight Club it happens and as
long as you know you can admit your
mistake and learn from it that's all
that matters
question is do I want to get too close
to this fucker I mean he looks like he
can do some day I know it does I don't
know what peaches ranges my weapons she
has the shotgun and and the duck so it's
that you know that's decent well and you
know what you can do you can move peach
and then before you hit a go into tactic
am and see you how her how her gun range
would work so like put her there and now
go into tactic am oh yeah but that's you
know you know what also works with that
just trying to take the shot oh sure but
if you wanted to if you wanted the
information before you moved her you
could have had it yeah what I guess I'm
saying congratulations
rapping while capping hit top ten in pop
G on North America's server
congratulations
yeah you did some good damage on them
let's see here dr. Harry Lime says hey
folks I've been enjoying the crap out of
dead cells thanks for showing it are you
thinking of doing another prereq
featuring a round of games you've played
recently we did that episode a while ago
thewhat we are currently playing right
now and let me tell you that was a bitch
to edit because we did like four games
and it took four times as long to edit
so I don't know if we'll be doing
another one of those I was hoping it
would be more of a quicker thing no and
I get him down enough healthy just
teleports over right out to worry about
getting too close now that's what he did
last time okay okay theoretically rich
won't do a thing
so but like you know something like dead
cells when it does get released fully I
could see us doing something on because
I enjoyed that I know rich enjoyed it as
well I am looking forward to dead cells
being finished that was a really fun
game to play so urban crisis where I'm
kind of done with pub G we had a lot of
fun streams with it but yeah just kind
of done with it
for the time being I'm still playing a
little bit here and there didn't heal
enemies - does she apparently not that
would have been very funny though
maybe after your turn he teleports
yeah dreamer TK I think we got we got
ourselves into a bit of a Friday the
13th pub G ruts even though like I don't
want to call it a rut because we were
having a good time and we had some fun
streams some fun moments happened oh
Jesus
oh Jesus that damage of actually a horse
so does he not teleport first things
first we need to live yeah sure no and
like you know like I said we had a lot
of fun playing those games and you know
there's there's gonna be new pub G Maps
coming out so maybe when the new maps
come out maybe when the new Friday the
13th Maps come out we'll play some more
rounds but I always like it when we when
we play different games
chicka MooMoo says wife's still gone
here's more money more Mario murder -
the sweet sounds of Danny Elfman this
does sound like a Danny Elfman sound
check
chicka-boom oh I just saw at this point
I'm just hoping the wife through you
know it stays out a little bit later cuz
if that's the if that's the trend I'll
take it that's nice that's nice healing
and you can upgrade this shit you know
you can upgrade that too because you
know right now she's just doing a little
bit of healing here and there but nice
double overwatch
not a divorce I'm just hoping she has a
good time and stays out a little bit
later I didn't say I hope she never
comes back as he talks well yes it's a
nice detail it doesn't just clip through
yeah oh here's where it's so it's the
third form that it teleports yes okay
let's see here Chuck Fox has just saw
Close Encounters in the theater it was
the first time I've seen the entire
movie and I thought it was incredibly
charming the only thing it was missing
was someone shouting zero-sum game I
don't understand that reference you
don't have to Jack okay the reference
understands you
great yeah Close Encounters is a great
movie that's great movie nice a nice
slow burn good Richard Dreyfus
performance really really meets ending I
enjoyed Close Encounters a lot was that
an arrival reference oh yes now okay now
that you've given me the point of
reference I understand what part of
arrival it was from what was it what was
it that you're that dad would say what
was it there's a new 4k scan of Close
Encounters oh shit
I'd go out to the theaters for that I
remember that early on in in my
relationship with Lisa showing her that
movie and just being like you have to be
cool with this movie she had never seen
it before that was one of those things
you know we were dating it's like you
have to be cool with movies and I'm
gonna watch movies and I showed that to
movies like that's the correct answer
that's the correct answer
Wow
yeah get that vampire oh he's immune to
it now she and the damage done I got a
crack alarm well yeah yeah but still
muted to the vampire effect and but I
guess you have pretty good health so it
doesn't it doesn't really matter also
releasing on UHD blue on September 19th
cool cool fine movie that goes
encounters fine movie finger-blasted
finger blaster MD 101 says did you guys
copyright r2 Darth Maul because that is
going to be the toy of the decade r2d2
death all the top half of Darth Maul
murder at the bottom half an hour - yes
yes from from your nerd crew of course I
was kind of straw a cover right most
likely yes
send out the duck it's adorable she has
a rubber duck grenade if your girlfriend
liked your favorite film but also liked
rogue one would you break up no you know
if she if she hated your favorite film
and also like throw like you know in the
magical world where I have a new
girlfriend I don't have a wife anymore
in this magical world and she hates my
favorite film and love's rogue one that
would probably be indicative of some
greater personality disagreements so in
this world yeah
are you a widow where'd she leave you if
I'm gonna if I'm gonna be truthful to
the world who currently exists probably
she's gonna leave me to share the kids I
want to take joint custody no I don't
think joint custody
because she thinks I'm a good father
it's just being a free daycare for her
so I'll get him I'll get him during the
weekdays she'll get him in the week Oh
are they healing him those little
fuckers oh yeah you have to take care of
those assholes what's the math what's
the mouth
he has 330 health can you get 330 health
and one what's the what's the mouth I
don't think you can at this point you
got to take out the healer at least one
healer but of course you spend one round
taking out one healer the other ones
gonna heal him even more
that was mostly joking I am a Highland
I'm a great fucking father and a pretty
okay husband I'm there I'm there
that's true I would I wouldn't I
wouldn't start living here in the rlm
studio I would hide I would hiding this
I would hide in the studio until
everyone left and then sleep on the
couch
oh I don't have her upgraded for the
remove oh the remove jump off head thing
sure shit let's see here Huff hard it
says good evening besides watching bad
movies what are your favorite types of
comedy films absurdist like Monty Python
parody like airplane or something more
contemporary thanks for being wonderful
no I appreciate different types of humor
I'm gonna plebeian you take me for an
artistic purist I write I'm gonna give a
really boring answer and just say
whatever is funny I like it all
can we melee him no no you cannot you
can't melee him no but can use like a
hammer I mean that could've really Oh
probably bad yeah you can do the slide
but I would assume you can use the
hammer I will say this I have not used
the hammer but I would assume you could
yes math the cruelty of math but no I
mean I like all sorts of companies Monty
Python is fantastic something just dumb
and funny like Ted I will defend Ted as
a coyote I thought that was really funny
and I don't always care for Seth
MacFarlane's humor but I thought that
was a really funny movie more absurdists
like David Wain I love a good parody is
worth its weight in gold you know any
Mel Brooks film I'll take anything
anything funny that's the only thing
that matters
like the you know fuckin Tommy Boy Tommy
Boy
is an amazing comedy I think I could
rewatch Billy Madison an infinite amount
of times the the Adam Sandler debut film
Billy Madison I could watch the crap out
of that John Hughes movies are fine
comedies as well but yeah there's a lot
there's a lot in the world
his debut yeah sorry I know he was in a
couple movies before Billy Madison but
Billy Madison was the first like Adam
Sandler movie you know right he was in
airheads no it was their heads after
that he was in overboard
that was like the firt of the first real
movie he was in but it wasn't
technically like an Adam Sandler how
nice that's the best for those dickheads
said oh yeah come on run him back come
on running back dickhead
airheads was before okay page get Mario
some healing except for he was on
overwatch know something sometimes you
got to take the head jack yeah right
like that's the thing Billy Madison and
to a lesser extent happy gilmore I
prefer Billy Madison over happy gilmore
they those were some unique comedies
someone in the chat is saying they had a
semblance of creative spark and they did
they were they were different and you
know say what you will about Adam
Sandler's style of comedy it's weird and
it's just weird enough to catch you off
guard and be funny at least for me
personally
I think there's some good judd apatow
comedy and some bad judd apatow comedy
is what i think about judd apatow
comedies the 40 year old virgin is a
very funny movie i think that has a lot
to do with the cast too though and like
funny people i didn't much care for so
you know it is it's it's it's it's a
little bit of what it is
thoughts on mckay I'm a little bias on
Adam McKay because he's one of the
founders of Funny or Die and so for a
while technically speaking he was my
boss I've got to meet him a couple times
and so I'm a little biased towards Ann
McKay but I mean anchorman is a
hilarious movie and I don't know if you
guys saw the nice thanks rich what the
big short did you see the big short no
that was his quasi docu picture the
bankers that caused the housing don't
automatically win huh oh we have to beat
everyone oh no you have to Doug just go
up to his head you just have to kick his
head if you want to beat everyone else
yeah like the big short the big short is
something really fun it's it's a
different kind of like I said doc you
picture like every time they explained
something technical it cuts to like a
babe in a bikini who's like in a Jacuzzi
and then chilled like explained the math
behind the housing crisis it's it's it's
a really good really good movie so in
any case I like Adam McKay's work I
haven't liked all of his work but I like
most of it comedy but like I think also
one of Judd Apatow's greatest strengths
is that of a producer I think he's
really good at finding the talent and
putting them with the right people a lot
like a movie I saw recently that I've
talked about before the big sick where
he found this original story and paired
it with the right actors and the right
director he you know he gave it to a
Michael Showalter who's really who's
very experienced with this type of
comedy and he put some bigger named
actors in there to help ground it and
help shape that movie so I think Apatow
has a lot of strengths as a producer I
like this game it's a good game Rick
this is a very good game
now rich was busy playing yeah it comes
disease brothers in the mythic oven
absolutely that's fine which is fine
this this game is a very fun game luigi
now has the three times overwatch yeah
yeah that should kick some ass him and
mario will be unstoppable together well
probably luigi is yeah his overwatch
shot does considerably less damage sure
he gets three of them but right now
they're only 50% of the normal damage
Cheerios are at a hundred thirty percent
right but smart he's doing 10 percent
more damage overall overall with the
overwatch shots but still these are
these are free shots he gets it yes yes
they're all free potshots Theodore
Larsson we are playing this on the
switch on the switch yeah like I don't
know did you guys see what was the was
the Seth Rogen Apatow movie about him
getting the girl pregnant knocked up
did you see knocked up
no it's fine try to remember more was
knocked up that's what let's go it's a
fine movie and it has some like decently
funny moments but because it didn't have
Steve Carell to me it lost a lot of its
like a lot of its heart Seth Rogen just
didn't have the heart that Steve Carell
had to to really make the comedy
endearing so Katherine Heigl is the
worst possibly possibly it's just like
I'm not saying it was a bad movie I'm
just saying you know compare and
contrast Steve Carell to Seth Rogen
even though i like seth rogen another
stuff i've talked about the interview
like ham and james franco in the
interview that's fuck yeah
it's a fantastic comedy movie that I
that I highly recommend
so James Franco or Seth Rogen is hit or
miss for me uh you know kind of depends
honey sticks people right honey stops
them from moving bounce moves them away
from you which do you think would be
more beneficial
honey would be great because it catches
enemies with the pants down their mid
cover and they stop right where you want
them to bounce is great for those big
fuckers with the with the slates because
it knocks them away from you
you know I haven't seen party down s
Carson but I've I've heard enough good
things about it where I'm sure I'd like
it if you should party down no no tofu
ace I do I want all my enemies caught
with their pants down mid cover
absolutely oh you missed something oh
look it tells you where it is yeah
that's fun in the desert in the patch of
desert near Peach's castle does it ring
a bell what doesn't matter I'm sure
these do more damage I imagine it's
about the same I simply can't find that
before doing it that ink damage that ink
damage though ink so it ink prevents
them from using their main weapon but
they can still use their second area but
right freeze prevents them from using
their secondary abilities but they can
still use their main weapon I have not
been impressed by ink well just you know
for for anyone who shoots it just stops
them from shooting
oh did you do the the Red Coins over
here yet
there's a red coin over yeah well what
to do about this thing that way I'm
gonna move that yeah they go
yay go
boom ah how are you doing this
well what Oh
so yeah you need the other block and
then you can do the red coin thing
marha does just want to fly i know i-i-i
i don't really like how he runs I don't
like his arms out like that I don't
quite get it but it is what it is
did you hear hey Jack and rich did you
hear about H gdq speedrun of the end is
9 I did not I'm assuming it would be a
part of agdq at some point I was oh of
course
what happened was it good I'm assuming
they announce I don't be the next big
agdq oh I didn't know if it happened
already and they were like hey it
happened and something funny happened
and he was this sort of the funny thing
that happened is that what you were
gonna say jet follow up with that agdq
things I'm Way suggest that it's been
accepted I'm waiting I'm waiting for him
though they had a pop-up event for
hurricane Harvey apparently Oh a gdq
that's great so yeah they're doing like
a impromptu games done quick for Harvey
relief when that's them they did it
today for Houston games done quick it
played 50 minutes so someone beat it in
50 minutes
Wow great they mentioned the awful voice
acting that was that was actually the
hardest part for them they skip all that
shit you don't see that time I'm scared
no the cutscenes are unskipable just to
fuck with it with the gamers just so
they hear your voice and it throws them
off a little bit according to guile X
they just announced they're over two
hundred thousand that's great that's
great news now there's that little one
whole thing yeah
that's great
lloyd beets end is nigh is different
than meatboy in a few ways but I mean if
if you're not into hard as balls
platformers I could see you not giving
it a go do you have hyper super meatboy
forever yeah but I like hard as balls
platformers so I do have pipe for Super
Meat Boy forever it looks it looks like
another Super Meat Boy game which in my
opinion is nothing but a good thing
because I really like Super Meat Boy
look at that pool bullet poor Bullet
Bill with underwear on his face that's
disrespect right there super trimmer TK
what a very strange statement Super
Mario Sunshine is better than this
they're two very different games I agree
with you but I also don't think that
they should be compared steak dinners
better than apple pie right right right
that's exactly the thing like vaguely
sensical statement sure
Jack would you tell rich that he looks
radiant tonight rich you look radiant
tonight Thank You mr. Murr come on says
so that Newt now and now you get to see
rich in all of his clarity and thanks to
our our new camera set up anchor Bob's
anchor what anchor bounce Inc or bounce
what's the ink damage like is it plus 58
as well yeah going with bounce that's a
tough call but you know you made it
that's how you how many times if
somebody has been inked and they just
ran over and hit me with their big log
or whatever it was oh yeah like if you
ink the big guys it's not gonna do much
bounce is always gonna be someone useful
you know what I'll take that I will
absolutely take them let's see here dunk
a Chino says this weekend I saw Neil
Breen's fateful findings Jesus Christ
I'm looking forward to it I think you
know we'll have to twist some more arms
but bud I'd like to get a Neal Breen
film in somewhat soon I'll freeze never
sucks yeah with all of this Oh freeze
damage yeah that sucks I made fresh
myself out of ah yeah I did great
selling his diets going well so far
what's going well diet oh good um this
is I'm three weeks into the diet a
little over 11 pounds down obviously
today's Sunday and so I just had my
cheat day so I'm back up a little bit
but usually a cheat day weight goes away
by like Tuesday or Wednesday
but overall I'm still down and I have
not broken the diet yet which is very
nice even though I'm constantly tempted
to and there are some cooking shows that
I enjoy like binging with babish where
he cooks stuff that people make in
movies or TV shows and as it gets later
in the week watching cooking shows
becomes unbearable so thank you so
honest I working for it I have a goal I
have I have a goal and and more
importantly the the key to any diet is
you just have to want it more than you
want the other things and that's I've
been keeping in mind the thing that I
want to accomplish you know there you go
you did it
no pressure but remember your success
inspires others who watch you I know no
pressure I also just know that it can
wait can fluctuate and weights is also
like the number is also not the only
indication of your weight weight loss or
of overall health where you know it's
also waist size and stuff like that but
I'm going I'm going for hopefully I'll
be back down in the 180 range by
Christmas that's my total goal and we'll
see if I reach it as long as I keep
working for it trench dev why the trench
chef says why you even go on the special
jaat diet just to eat less food and
exercise more so simple absolutely that
is a way to do it this is a diet that
I've done before and more importantly
it's a diet that works with my schedule
so I know exactly what to do I know that
it works and it's something that works
with my particular schedule so that's
why I go on the special diet and more
importantly it allows me the cheat day
which keeps me from slipping on other
days knowing that on Saturday I can eat
whatever I want and I can drink all the
beer that I want and that I can eat
horrible cheesy carbs means that I can
be good the other six days out of the
week and that what's what works for me
I'm not saying that it works for
everyone but it just works for me so how
tall am I I'm six
- I'm six - and I'm currently 198 pounds
that's not a spooky cape
it's got a moon in clouds super spooky
horrible cheesy delicious carbs there
they're the worst and they're the thing
I love the most
it's a ragged yo sheep what so we're
gonna get to Yoshi why would you say
that
so unenthused I hate Yoshi Yoshi I don't
know how to tell riches rich you know I
told you I'm the average 5-time okay
official measurement I don't remember
what it even fucking is sure it's about
510 I think okay midnight ambassador
this is on the switch the Nintendo
switch that's the only way you can get
this game currently corrected that's
true that's true
hunchback jack says 180 is about spot-on
for six - yes 180 is right is right in
the normal range is right in the middle
of the normal range and that's where I
like to be for a while I was 170 when I
was a super sexy skeleton but I'd like
to hang around that 180 range so
Yoshii never recovered after Yoshi's
Story
well yeah dreamer decay that's the plan
afterwards so my overall fitness goal is
once I reach 180 I will start trying to
figure out how I can gain muscle which
is something I don't know how and I've
never learned how to do properly so
that's my that's the next step but first
things first
lose weight then try to gain muscle but
we'll see 25 anything under 30 puts you
at risk for hardest I don't know what
that means Jerry are lovecraft
yeah chica mumun that's the thing like
the butt up also I want to concentrate
on losing fat first like I don't want to
try to do the cut bulk cycle that a lot
of people try to do where they try to
lose fat and gain muscle at the same
time I figured just concentrate on one
thing first Oh we'll do one you know
I'll keep you updated on my progress or
else you'll see how super ripped I get
right you'll see it on camera
super ripped Chuck Fox says Jack tips on
quitting weed I've been a daily smoker
for five years and need to stop that
it's the same as doing anything you just
gotta want the other thing more than you
want the one thing and if you need to
stop then you just got to stop man like
there's not much to it if you know
slowly remove your solo ring the amount
that you smoke is one way to do it maybe
if we're gonna go off of my diet things
maybe having a smoke cheat day say like
okay if I don't smoke six days out of
the week one day out of the week I can
smoke as much as I want and that will
keep you from smoking all six days of
the week if you need to cut for like a
job if you're getting a drug interview
for a job then you gotta quit man and
cut all your hair in case they take a
hair sample okay cuz they do that
so yeah if it's for drug tread test then
you got a you then you got a you got to
quit and quit for real and cut your hair
or find someone who has the same color
hair that you do that doesn't smell so
that's how Jack ended up that right
that's that yeah I know smoking pot
isn't physically addictive but it is
mentally addictive it there's a social
aspect to it there's a it just it it
feels good you know you people like
getting high generally and so I
understand just not wanting to give up
that feeling but I can tell you that as
someone who used to smoke all the time
and no longer smokes I have found that I
enjoy it more not smoking
I enjoy things more not smoking so
do with that what you will
right the face ooh oh my god you got
inked what do I have to remove status
thing is someone has to jump on your
head to remove your status shit
yeah Mario have rich up great admirer to
get double overwatch I don't regret it
no it's super badass there you go
now she's cleared who the zombie rabbits
oh yeah they have like a tattoo mask
isn't it cool yeah looking which trench
Ted says Jack how do I get the
motivation to do anything I cannot give
you that motivation my friend you gotta
want it you gotta think of something you
want and then you got to do it and then
after you do it you'll say hey man that
was great doing that thing I should do
this the next thing that I want to do I
don't know yeah he's dead this ain't
that him what's important
hey that is never enrage yep you were a
skeleton but you smoked pot no I was fat
when I smoked pot smoking pot is one of
the things that led me to being fat
thank you
communism fall communism says fall fall
for remembering you get a free twitch
subscription we will gladly take that
meekest you don't have to believe me
when I say I was fat you can Weathers
video proof of me being large watch the
the great Space Jam behind the scenes
video and you will see how large I am so
what's the victory thing it's in the
upper right hand corner wait till
they're done they're getting a lot of
dudes I see that defeat 10 enemies
that's right yep
so you were thick was your hair thicker
as well actually yeah in the in the that
behind-the-scenes video I have a full
beard kind of longest hair oh thank you
Tiberius but what year that was maybe
six five six years ago and I was fat and
I was a stoner well before that
oh sorry two beers I thought you were
linking to that I don't know where you
find it hold on I mean let me see if I
can find a link
oh it might be that might be a patreon
only thing it's behind a paywall let's
see if I can find that it was on YouTube
hold on that's a great speech Jim it's
maybe the first story this night was oh
yeah yeah oh shit it might be behind it
might be behind the patreon pay wall so
I've been telling people to go to that
for a while so sorry I don't I don't
give to the RL on patreon that would be
weird
Oh half in the bag episode 10 the 48
hour film project says trench and dev
yeah you can also see me like with a
full beard and long hair if you watch my
my poop again shorts on my youtube
channel I am in it as the mayor and
that's when I have my biggest beard and
longest hair that I've ever had so I
used to have quite the beard in hair and
gut most importantly biack beard hair
and yet that's so awesome
just 40 health just for doing nothing
just for moving basically a full health
yeah that's great that's great Ezekiel
jeans before we were talking about
patent because he was in his face cap
and we're talking about going out to LA
to shoot patents segment he did not have
much time as patent is one of the
busiest men in Hollywood at any given
time he is in everything he wants to be
involved in everything he can be but we
knew he was a fan and he said if we
could set up a location to shoot him in
a location for him to shoot that wasn't
out of his way he could spare us 15 20
minutes and so I called some old friends
over at Funny or Die
who have a really nice studio kind of
you know right in the middle of Los
Angeles and I said hey if we come here
on this date can we just steal your
studio for a half an hour and they
weren't shooting anything that day so we
got really lucky
and we're able to hang out at Funny or
Die for a little bit and he came by and
we shot his little his little segment in
space cap and that's it Mike you know we
shot with him for a little bit you know
sat at a folding table and read his
lines and we did our little
back-and-forth that's me whispering to
him in when he's the chief of space
police I'm the one having a little
back-and-forth with him it was a really
fun shoot bud yeah it was it was really
fun and he he was done shooting we got
to hang out with him for approximately
five minutes he wanted to chat about
some best of the worst stuff and some
just some fun movie stuff and that's it
then he was off I think at right
afterwards he went to go shoot Conan and
actually I think he talked about Space
Camp a little bit on that Conan he went
to go shoot a Conan segment and it was
unfortunately it was the same day that
Letterman was having his last show so
now Joe that Conan told nobody to watch
go watch Letterman's last show advance
with Patton and halfway through the
Patton interview he says Letterman is
starting now everyone go watch Letterman
and then afterwards Patton talks about
being in space come
is that Jack I'm a Nintendo shirt in
that video in what video in the in the
great Space Jam video could be
so it was it was it was a really fun
trip it was it was very hectic you know
it's it's nerve-wracking because we were
in a studio we didn't
we've never been in before luckily like
I said all the funnier or die people
were incredibly gracious to us like they
in the studio like helped us set up
everything even though they didn't have
to everyone was just very nice that's
the importance of making friends that's
something we talk about a lot when
people say you know when people say like
is going to film school worth it just
the answer is still no no the answer is
yes rich it's and it's 75% yes because
not because of what you will learn there
in the textbooks but because of the
friends you will make those are the
friends that will help you out later in
life so you know working with Funny or
Die from back in the day gave me some
contacts which really ended up helping
you like helping us out of what could
have been an incredible Jam just because
I made some friends early on so that was
that was great Cerie Chen we're happy to
hear that you're not dead where you just
got to see which perform fairly
piss-poor excellent before that like a
fucking aced every other mission tonight
sinnerman says unless they hate you in
which they will destroy your career
every chance they get well like I said
make friends don't be a dickhead and
make contacts make friends make people
who want to work with you again
be open to work in other people's
projects
part of the reason why I knew half of
the people I knew at Funny or Die was
because when my cousin Jake went to
Northwestern for film anytime he needed
help on any project I would be there and
helping him and helping his classmates
in helping whoever I could making
friends a lot of some of those people
not a lot of them some of those people
ended up working for Funny or Die so
that's you just you go and you help and
you make friends is Shrek in this game
no I want honey damage and a short-range
weapon so they'd be right next to me to
melee me next turn why would you ever
want that cool done I know that has a
short cooldown - it's the same
oh well then ya know there's no reason
why you'd want honey damage very long
time ago and fat enough to have man
boobs
oh no that I have man blue I'm sure I
mean I was big eyes big dude oh god yeah
that's a good that's a weird short and
that's not even me and my fattest that's
not even me and my fattest before you're
faster on your way down before my
fattest that was on my way up
I should have gone back and not some of
the challenge oh I see there you go
that's a good that's a nice fat Jack
Russian football kicker that's a nice
fat Jack yeah look at that good
yeah that's a good one now you guys are
kidding oh you just got banned rich we
just got bear motherfucker and you know
what that's fair I made you look at my
naked shirtless self say Jim you came
back just in time and she's gone again
before I forget someone was saying I
recommended seltzer water to quit soda
and beer no just plain carbonated water
not seltzer water not tonic water just
plain flavorless carbonated water is a
great replacement for soda unless you
like the flavor button rich Richard
Edlund Evans
let's see yeah what are we doing here
huh fired it says hey again jack have
you ever watched the BBC panel show Qi
it was hosted by Stephen Fry only
knowing you thought the computer screen
and not only knowing you through the
computer screen and not personally I
feel like it would be a good Jack show
I've kno I've never seen it no you know
Tiberius I'm gonna say that I want to
say seltzer water is different than
carbonated water but I could be wrong
I think car wash is sparkling water it's
just water with bubbles in it and
seltzer has other things in it yeah he
makes little scared noises I think
there's also spooky noises in general
happening all right I'm thinking of
writing a script for speed to cruise
control reboot - any thoughts well so
they did the bus and they did a boat for
speed - you can't really do a boat again
I'm thinking about specifically
rebooting speed - with the boat with the
bow skipping the the first movie in the
series sure how have you have you
thought about maybe maybe glomming onto
the Titanic craze and just you know go
go historical reboot and maybe that's
why the Titanic hit the iceberg is
because they couldn't slow down just
spitballing here
there was a Mad Bomber on the Titanic
yeah rig the boat so it couldn't slow
down slow down
or else the bomb would go off and so
then it's a madcap caper to stop the
bomb
my good lady I'm afraid we must keep
speeding towards those ice bags what is
your deal is there a plane buried under
one of these things or something I wish
I could tell you rich three of these
this is one of those
PSA the Wikipedia entry for carbonated
water has a marvelous animated gif great
and while I will check that out later oh
I see there's eight I see eight you must
have missed the first one it was a
different thing with them otherwise I
think I accidentally walked into the Red
Coins ring while I was doing it sure
thank you there you go uh the Shred
Baron says keep doing all the awesome
things that you guys do maybe you know
that's that's kind of the unofficial
plan but no guarantees
yeah what's this puzzle one this didn't
work I don't know if that is a puzzle
I'll be honest with you
is it the same as that no no and you
have it those two in different places
you need to move them each down one
right
wait go look at your blocks no no I
guess you're right look at your blocks
again huh then I don't know man
then I don't know let's see here voodoo
mama gonzo says thank you for validating
my decision to not buy a switch but I do
appreciate the variety of games you play
for us by the way super stoked to see
biscuit that's that's another pro Lego
sorting stream looks right what if
you're supposed to do the ATLA mirror of
Ed Rich how about how about a mirror I
bet I bet it's a mirror just put I'm
just I'm you know spit ball like what's
the puzzle right it's either it's either
exactly or a mirror and you try it
exactly so I'm going a mirror did that
one needs to come back one though want
to you're right sorting stream is over
once Jack steps on a Lego very possible
no yeah well no your that blood break
needs to go back one I mean that one to
your left
nope the one on the one on the strip no
no not that one put that one back where
it was that a Oh
Mirror Mirror magician call man 20 power
orbs that's pretty nice that's that a
word the word nothing that's not nothing
nope no no no this kind of makes me want
to buy a switch yeah you know it's the
switches get in the library
it's quick get in the library up there
you know all great questions this makes
me want to play XCOM that's a thing like
remember like you can currently play a
full version of X come on an iPad and it
apparently it plays great on the iPad so
you don't necessarily have to go on by a
switch just for this but this is a very
cute game and I think a pretty good game
maybe wait till Mario Galaxy I don't
know Mario Odyssey comes out the same
day as stranger things the season 2
interesting
Mario Odyssey comes out next month right
and they find a fine day
XCOM is on the iPad I'm never leaving
the bathroom again it is and apparently
it plays just as well on an iPad which
way did you come from
oh you've done this right we have you
been through here I presume um yes let
me see what battle is next and I'll tell
you for sure the haunted theme you've
been in the haunted area oh yeah I know
I've been in the hug I were early in the
haunted areas oh yeah no I I just hit
actually I just hit the end of the
haunted area I'm at the boss battle
right now of the haunted here okay
you've been doing any of them the
challenge yeah I did a couple of the
early ones just to see what they were of
these fuckers rich these fuckers these
are they teleport so your overwatch is
useless against them and doesn't kind of
movement and they they're the ones that
can suck you towards them with their
music right these fuckers are bastards
yes
when Metroid Samus Returns come out
there will we will stream that 100% cuz
I really want to play it 100%
dr. Chuck but mud they do not have X
come to on the iPad they have XCOM enemy
unknown within the iPad sorry for any
confusion this is all about what you can
do to them immediately
those teleporters yeah they will wreck
your day should have brats
hey peach let's see here
Siri Chen says holy G it's been forever
wow this game wow your camera how's the
chat doing any new ridiculous inside
jokes that they won't let die hope y'all
are doing well Jack and rish x festival
x festival x festival it's all tongues
festival yeah we got the new camera
since you've been gone we we just
figured out a microphone thing that
should help for blowing out speakers
today we got some new emotes lot lots
you know and we're still here being
jackasses so a lots changed some things
happen happy to have you back Sarah Jen
oh yeah a lot of watching sixes a lot of
Mad trap strats a lot of Bush strats so
you've missed a few but I'm sure the
chat will catch you up don't worry yeah
I think you might have missed all of the
Mad trap strats from Friday the 13th so
missed all right so you got to get on
that
we've got to get right on that all right
anonymous says how long before kids
start calling XCOM a ripoff of this game
and is rich sufficiently prepared to
educate such children when the time
comes you know I see where the snark is
coming from but here's what I'm gonna
say they're not wrong what they're not
wrong what do you mean
kids will call this right but I don't
think that will always be a bad thing be
with me here for a second right before
you before you get crazy I don't give a
shit what kids think well I can think
whatever stupid thing they want what
what I'm thinking is that this could
Mario Rabbids kingdom battle could be
the gateway drug that brings kids into
the fold of turn-based strategy games
sure and so there might be the kid buu
that's like what's this XCOM ripoff of
mario Rabbids but about aliens lame I'm
like upset about that yeah it's fine oh
we sure kids like this that's fine oh
yeah no and you know what they might be
raw like I'm sure there are kids out
there yeah look I know he's kinda out in
the open isn't a cover kind of worked
out again like like remember all that
like Paul McCartney Fiasco when he did a
song with Kanye West and all the kids
were like wow Kanye West discovered this
really cool older artist even though
everyone knows who the Beatles are but
for those kids maybe they didn't know
who the Beatles were and that opened up
a world for them so I think there's some
positivity that could be AB
they hate them something we G they're
for murder they like the murder
Dubey sandwich well we're using we got
the elgato cam link which is this really
amazing little thing that turns any HDMI
output into a webcam and so I'm actually
using my Panasonic gh2 with a brand-new
awesome lens not brand new it's used I
got used but a new lens for me that I
got running the HDMI out into the Elgato
cam link which is why our webcam looks
so freakin nice and I'm really happy
with how it looks at the moment got an
are the lens we got is a 20 millimeter
1.7 f-stop so it works great in
low-light situations like rich and I are
in right now and what lens Woodlands
like I said 28 so it's a Panasonic 22
millimeter prime F 1.7 and so we're
running at a fairly like medium ISO
which means not a lot of grain and I
think it looks really great as you can
see we have a beautifully shallow depth
of field so rich and I should be in
clear focus and all the tapes behind us
should be a little bit blurry to help us
seem a little crisper
battery is fine for the DSLR it's
plugged into plugged into power it's
plugged into power and I have it turned
so I have it set up so it doesn't auto
turn off but so plug in power
everything's fine
theoretically dooby sandwich we could
stream these games at 60 frames a second
and theoretically we could even bump up
to 1080 we currently stream at 720 which
I want to do to make sure that our
streams run smoothly button
theoretically as hardware and internet
connections get better we could bump our
frame rates and our resolution up even
more
when asked about our LM the director of
the last jet I said I love them but I
fear them did you see that I didn't see
that but I could see it someone tweeted
at him what do you think about our LM
and he and he guy and he's got back and
said I love them but I fear them that's
great don't fear the reaper well you
know someone was saying what power you
guys hold I don't there's a there's a
power there he just doesn't want a bad
review no power we can't stop the Disney
Empire also it's not like he's gonna
call you all up and be like I was
thinking about doing this with the movie
nice nice flight bearish but maybe just
maybe he's thinking about what critics
might say and maybe that makes the movie
better maybe that makes the movie worse
we don't know we don't know that wasn't
so bad
yeah they get a lot more devious once
they start showing up with other enemies
probably gonna be a prioritization issue
absolutely absolutely
is this getting harder well rich you
know we just had a one of a bad dish
mission and I just like I said one of
the challenge missions really was
wrecking my shed
yeah it was a towed escort mission oh
yeah
you know that's nothing I like that like
the the variation vary it up sometimes
you got to escort someone sometimes you
just got to get to the end sometimes you
have to kill a certain number of things
I like that they keep it they keep it
fresh that's nice
my n64 did not have an empty expansion
RAM slot I was having a different issue
with it the new n64 or the new used n64
I got the problem I was having with it
was it the image that was shown on the
TV was stuttery and glitchy and it did
have the it didn't have the RAM
extension in it but it did have a normal
remnant
I rethink where G yeah
just cuz he said he has such low health
yeah he's right now he's a he's a
liability rich currently he is a
liability
Jeffress SEC I see your tip I'm not
going to read it as it might contain
small Twin Peaks spoilers I don't know
if they are or not but I acknowledge
your tip anonymous says rich Evans yes
is cute heart emoji thank you so same
fan hard a lot of fans don't think I'm
here that's decidedly unflattering oh
well some people are dickheads what are
you gonna do what are you gonna do I was
talking about this earlier I don't know
if people were around for that I watched
the first episode of Twin Peaks and
finally finally buckled and got a a
Showtime subscription so I watched Twin
Peaks
hopefully binge it and from the first
episode I'm I'm really looking forward
to it's very David Lynch II which isn't
always a pro for me a lot of David Lynch
I don't like I get what he's going for
and I respect the art that he's creating
but that's not always my thing one of
the reasons why I always liked Twin
Peaks was cuz I thought it was a nice
meld of the normal with little flares of
David Lynch and so far it's a little
more David like first episode of Twin
Peaks is a little more David Lynch than
I would like but which I know is the
exact opposite everyone else is saying
but
so I'm but I'm still looking forward to
it I mean I'm into it one episode in
save up for the big stuff snooch to
nooch there is another rich jack review
episode in the can I don't know when it
will be released it probably not anytime
soon because the review of blind fury
just went up and you don't want to
release two reviews too close to each
other but yes there is another rich in
Jack one and I'm sure there will be more
that's a lot
what oh yeah and the more damage means
the more vampire vampire came it'll be
me and Jay reviewing Sister Act two
back in the habit and I just the entire
like I will review the entire Sister Act
Cinematic Universe which only consists
of two films but I will do it fucking
love Sister Act fucking love it
West Coast I have very little control
over when the review will be released
shotguns
that's so much in this game um do
shotguns and XCOM blow up your cover
well they go snus a nutria says riches
control holding pattern amazes me you've
been kind of all over the place
I do that and that's fine I always do
that yeah that's fine you do you rich
you do you look at peach that adorable
little princess with a big-ass shotgun
it's great okay I don't want her
specifically because this phantasm
seemed like a teleport but the weed used
to fragile even though he's got the
long-range weapon so I need movement I
need people who can flank she's got
those de that grape - I wish end 8 cells
of movement it sounds of movement it's
seven Mario I want to upgrade that but I
can't afford it yet yeah let's talk of
them anyway well yeah you have to be
Mario but like Mario and Peach
Luigi rabid is not a bad combination
also also a shotgun but he's got eight
cells of movement oh yeah he's got an
explosive - and he has that magnetic
dance thing that can get people out of
cover for your other two
all right rabbit Mario then I got no
healing well I got healing all right
your vamp yearling that might be all
right kind of weapon do I have for you
all right actually we can't use Mario
Rabbit Mario until we get a four camp
with a better weapon yep that's true
true dad and there's no longer on the
team go yeah go peach go go og roster
they're rich on your weapons like I'm
like what what when do you suppose it
saved that's weird
yeah it just crashed yeah isn't this
what's getting overheated a can it I
guess it theoretically it's a computer
so it can see how hot it is that's
fucking weird that's really strange yeah
you just you just witnessed that live
with us it crap why would it overheat
while you're going through the menus you
know hottish the game yeah the game
crashed not the switch mario Rabbids
crashed
fans runnin like fans really runnin
button let's should be fine okay yeah
that was very strange yeah Mario Rich
was going through the the tree the skill
trees that's what I'm saying like he
wasn't in a graphically intense part of
the game he was going through the skill
trees deciding which upgrades by when
Mario rabbits kingdom battle decided to
no longer work
how um how strange LL Cool jeans I have
seen Logan while I thought it was an
alright movie with all the hype it had
when it first came out I was frankly a
little disappointed by it had some
really neat action but I just thought it
was kind of mad I didn't I wasn't into
it like other people were I no Tiberius
I know thank you thank you dr. smoke
trees I it was this might be some slight
Logan the spoilers and so if you haven't
seen Logan yet this might get a little
Logan spoilery I'll wave my hands when
we're done with Logan spoilers my main
problem with it is lo it seemed to be
one of those movies where you thought
Logan was going to learn a lesson
finally and we might get some sort of
character arc and there really wasn't
the the the movie starts with him being
a reactionary
not you know fighting out of anger more
than for a cause and then at the end of
the movie he it's not like he makes a
decision to stay with the kids and
protect them in fact he's going away
from them and then only after they're
attacked once again he acts
he's reaction airily taking action to
save the kids it's not for anything he
he starts off a hothead he ends off a
hothead he happens to save some kids in
the meantime that's it I it was a fine
movie
I thought the him and Professor X thing
was some parts were good some parts I
didn't much care for I thought the Logan
clone was kind of laughable and that's
it I just like it was fine now like I'm
not saying it's bad I'm just saying it
was fine and everyone seemed to really
fucking love it all right that's it no
more Logan spoilers all done with Logan
spoilers the farce awakens I disagree
with their assessment on Logan
Wow so right and that's okay it's okay
for us to disagree on things we don't
have to always agree on things and
that's fine but ah
logan is a movie I think anything is a
fine it's a perfectly adequate movie
okay so you made it out of the battle
that's good Oh dr. Smoketree says when
you don't like a movie that everyone
else loves do you ever think you should
go rewatch it because maybe you were
wrong and missed something or it just
weren't right in the right mood that day
right mood is a fair point okay can't
afford him anyway
what was it the other day someone was
making someone made a little a little
commentary video on guardians of the
galaxy - and it's someone whose opinion
I generally if I don't always agree with
him I at least appreciate it so I
watched this video unlike the virtues of
guardians of the galaxy - which is a
movie that I didn't much care for and
all of her points were about how good
the characters were and all the
character work and I generally agree
that I liked all of the characters in
guardians of the galaxy I don't
necessarily appreciate some of the
writing of that characters I think it's
a little sloppy I think there's a ton of
tell don't show which is generally
speaking of a bad aspect of movies but I
did agree like so I like I watch this
knowing that I didn't like guardians -
and it did make me appreciate some of
the characters more I still hold firm my
opinions on the writing yeah Lindsey
Ellis that's her name
Lindsey Ellis just put out a thing on
guardians - thank you I often forget
people's names so
seeing her video on it made me think
more highly of the characters of
guardians but I still don't think
overall it's a very good movie Logan
would take some convincing it would take
some convincing and I don't know if I
would if I would be there because I I am
usually pretty good at remembering
things in movies and paying attention to
movies and picking up on all of the
little things I'm supposed to pick up on
and I didn't see no character arc
whatever - a little bit worried about
the shotgun with peach that look yeah
hunter corn I think that's the first
video I saw of hers to her video on the
three-act structure and how it relates
to Disney's you can watch a Disney's
Hercules movie and basically have that
act as a class on the three-act
structure because it's so formulaic that
that it hurts and I'm yeah she hears a
lot of really fun videos that Lindsey
Ellis
his character act in the film I think
you missed something or were distracted
usually the things you look at and do
something no it's got the glowing eyes
and that's what the drawing attention to
I don't know hey I guess just spooky -
something spooky or is that gonna be the
Val Creek it turns into a ghost thing I
don't know
we did lose some stuff
oh yeah but not that much no are you
telling us you're going to keep watching
Blade Runner until you get it now I
remember I like Blade Runner rich rich
and Jay are the ones that think it's
boring yeah I really love chances ya
know I really enjoy Blade Runner but
like I like I said I'm as far as Logan
is certain I won't get too into it
because you know just in case the
spoiler he's I I didn't see I didn't see
the arc he he acted the same at the
beginning of the movie than he did at
the end and I'm a big fan of the show
don't tell that and and it just was oh I
just thought he was hanging out by
himself I was like is that a battle over
there flags
oh yeah there it is so is it possible to
like something and still critique it of
course one you can be critical on why
you like it you can point out all the
things you like and two you can like
something but not like all of it oh yeah
the ghosts
oh you guys ki k kentley yes we both
like this game we both like this game
that's good I can't understand I well
how about another time I will get into
more specifically my dislike and it's
not even a dislike it's my dislike of
Logan and it's not even a dislike it's
just I don't think it's that good but
it's alright it's a fine movie it's just
like not the greatest thing ever because
everyone said it was the greatest thing
ever
which is not the strongest criticism you
can have a movie I will get into it more
specifically later because I've already
said no spoilers so and I know rich
doesn't care and he won't care about
spoilers but maybe other people do I
will get into it a Logan review there
you go now you're talking
alongside
it's madness to me that it seems as a
shallow film and that's incredibly the
opposite of what I took away from it
yeah well that's the thing it's okay for
us to have different you know coming
coming out of a movie with very
different feelings and that's the
Internet
yeah yeah I just logged in today I
created my my account and logged into
the Internet
he threw a grenade zecha he threw one of
them grenades at Jem first being jumped
on get scared of a person jumping
secured the person who gets jumped on
gets cured that's very possible
the ghosts in Mario's are are called
booze that is a boo bill and Tamm says
I've been watching our alum for years
I've always wondered do y'all work
full-time for the production company
Mike J and rich do technically speaking
I don't work at all for our LM we do
previously recorded here but that's our
own thing and other than that I have my
own production company where I make
commercial videos and the such insolence
that's good yeah they can't shoot you
like their asses and heal
no problem villains ahem my production
company is called rlm no thanks beefcake
yeah I'm brand new to the Internet like
my myspace account
I'm sorry coffee for mana my production
company is not hiring my production
company currently employs one person and
that is me
he teleports me before their turn yes
yes he does drop in and overwatch their
asses maybe we'll be able to overlarge
their asses
do I give myself paid vacation days no
vacation days means that I'm not working
and I make no money that's why when you
have your own business you end up
working all the time because why would
you not
thanks decepticon we appreciate it
Oh with the grenades I know dickheads
yeah no it's vacation equals no current
clients yeah and when you have no
current clients I usually find myself
trying to do something that will get the
attention of possible client in the
future
you make the weird video you help a
buddy out with their project you do this
you do that always doing something
ooh nice burn nice burn it's true also
working right now yep
ten beers that splitting hairs Liana
says the only way to get vacation is to
bus ass in advance and get ahead for a
few weeks but then you're putting in
twice the work before your vacation so
does that make the vacation worth it
usually what I'll do is I'll I'll find
like as far as vacation times and if I
have a current project what I will do is
any sort of editing I have to do on
something I will bring a little bit of
that with me on vacation and maybe take
either a couple two hour days or like
one like six hour day and get some
editing done a while on vacation and
that'll mitigate it a little bit you
never work with Mike and Jan film stuff
or just appear yeah I'm just here
because we're friends
and we do the show like if they ever you
know did a commercial job I'm sure they
would pay me but they might not also
have you I don't know then I probably
wouldn't show up
jackets place to store gear that's true
it's a studio that he can use every now
and then boom without having to pay
anybody there are there are benefits
oh no and also I have people who I can
count on to help me with any shoot
anytime yeah who know how to be a part
of a production I can't tell you how
many shoots Mike and Jay have helped me
out on throughout the years because
that's how it works
and it's really easy to work with them
not only because we're friends but
because they know what they're doing so
I can say hey go set up those lights
there I'm going to shoot here and they
can just do it and I don't have to worry
about it
so know there are there are definite
benefits page is just stone cold in this
game she graven she will fuck you up
nameless Corsair you are absolutely
correct you have to know the right
people it's not just about making shit
it's about knowing the people who will
help you make the shit you've gone off
on to other things I don't know what
you're doing now cran doe kazooie
The story in which I met Mike, Jay, and Rich
is really boring because we just had a
common friend.
It was a gloomy November day.
Storm was coming in.
while while running his father had just
died running on the street to get out of
the rain I accidentally bumped shoulders
with a young man carrying his parcels in
my haste I tried to help him get his
parcels back in his bag he refused to
loan you money to get a taxi to get to
your father's funeral
wait a minute you met Mike he refused to
give it to loan you money to catch the
taxi so you can make it to your father's
funeral he was still upset about me
bumping into the parcels and I said I'm
sorry sir I'm running because I'm late
for my father's funeral
if only there was some way like I could
get a taxi I just currently have no
money and mike said yeah that sounds bad
bye
so and and J actually is even funnier
story he killed my father I met him at
the police station at the trial and even
though there was DNA evidence linking
him to the murder of my father he got
off on a technicality
you know but you know what we ended up
talking we liked some of the same movies
and yeah my father is alright so yeah
you know
wash wash either way so no it's that's
really that's a much better story what
is so anyone asking that's what it
really is the the real story is I had a
friend who had a friend no no I had a
friend who was friends with Jays
girlfriend at the time that's what it
was and I was making videos and Jay and
Mike were making videos and one day they
were gonna make a grubaugh ski video and
needed an actor and so my friend who was
friends with Jays girlfriend said hey
what about Jack he makes videos and like
whatever if he'll show up that's fine
what oh right I'm sorry Jay's gay you're
right I know I mean I forgot the joke I
forgot that I forgot the J joke I'm
sorry I'm you're right I didn't even
think about that but there's something
funny about being gay no I'm saying that
everyone is saying Jays JYJ's gay cuz
that's the joke um no the joke is that
Jay is gay obviously so it's a joke to
be gay it's
we really are an all right channel good
night everybody
