Aug 2, 2017
Dead Cells
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/169268463
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/169702530
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TUqsiTeM8l8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jkR1A-DYe7M
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/892806306289135617

[Part I]
I think we start we had start you know
what that's not always true yeah
sometimes we hit start and we don't okay
so how we how we doin today jack we're
we're doing creator we're doing we're
doing great great this is me I'm putting
on a face for everyone rich so put on a
face just be yourself I'm being a being
a clown like I'm fucking supposed to
you're fucking miserable be fucking
miserable
I am I'm a little miserable today yeah
you know the kind of day I've had jack
no get David built beer on myself what
Karen bought me a new shirt it's kind of
day I've had that fucking bitch
what kind of shirt was it it's a
spider-man shirt oh it's a nice shirt
it's a nice shirt I came home like I got
your shirt you see it it's on the couch
yeah
she bought me a spider-man shirt Jack yo
its todd mcfarlane
oh I had to pretend I liked it yeah cuz
it's fuck it's I'm wearing fucking todd
mcfarlane on my chest
yeah okay you know what and I didn't see
I just noticed the color it's a nice red
color and I like the red and red but I
did not notice the artists I'm sorry
wearing a shirt designed by an overrated
hack with absolutely zero storytelling
capabilities an average at best artist
an average at best artist with minimal
storytelling capabilities absolutely I
is that plugged in it is plugged in
the game doesn't seem to recognize it
how about no great there's gonna be a
short stream I'll tell you what nope
what happened there Oh cuz I bet you're
not on I get it
wait a minute you know you know what's
know I don't really know what's going we
we weren't on the game we weren't
clicked on the game no there's no range
there's no ran to be had I I'm just
we're just having a rough day we're just
having a rough day which is fine because
we're here now and they are we gonna
play some dead cells and it's gonna be
fine everything is going to be fine five
yeah 5 minute stream no like and my
rough day all culminated I was I was all
ready to to ride my bike to the studio
today because I really enjoy riding my
bike well go back to the fold I don't
want to change anything no no
Oh God rich wait if you go to back might
maybe it'll ask you to keep your changes
nope oh god oh god everything's a now
rich oh all right new plan new plan
we're we're gonna do an a run okay
nothing but everything is mapped to the
a input because apparently there's no
way to go back the default controller
schemes I love it rich go do it go new
game let's go let's see what happen is
what happens
little little note two dead cell
developers have a way to get us back to
the default controller layout in case
first of all our everything a run is
going great so far because of course a
is also a month to pause there is no way
to get this back to default there's no
way to get this back why would they do
that
oh I'm sorry everyone nope my store was
I was ready to ride my bike to the
studio and my my my tube it was broken
and I there's no way what if you go to
miscellaneous in a completely different
menu Oh restore default okay okay maybe
maybe oh there we go
so in a completely different menu is
restored default option
something to consider or devis just a
just a heads up we're by the way you're
welcome
that we could play test this place
you're very very welcome
that's what early access is for or you
guys are stupid it wasn't a different
menu usually the set default controls is
in the control menu loner Archon get the
fuck out of here we are playing with a
360 controller a USB 360 controller
this looks cool oh you're in a bad mood
you didn't want to play games
yep so you know you can go fuck off I'm
just saying this looks cool I'm not
saying I want to play or care about it
but it looks cool I enjoy the art style
and the combat looks fluid and
satisfying oh is that I couldn't hear
you jack I was having fun playing this
game jack is in a bad mood how ironic I
know are usually usually I am NOT in a
bad I'm not in a bad mood very often
they you know a lot of things are
compounding including including
moderating our YouTube comments has been
extra fun lately why because our oh the
the Wolfenstein our Wolfenstein videos
just went up on YouTube and apparently
it's a thing for people and so just a
ton of racist stuff gets Nazi Nazi Nazi
Nazi Nazi right right a bunch of people
insinuating that they weren't so bad and
whether that's joking or not it's shit
that I don't want in the comments
section plus just general super racist
fair so moderating has been a lot of fun
lately YouTube comments in general are
often yeah pillows wrote but the extra
extra awful I've been playing a little
bit of pub G at home I enjoy it I still
I still get some fulfillment out of it
last couple days I've been editing the
episode rich and I did an episode on it
so that episode should be up later this
week and that has been tickle tickle
that's a tickle all right tickle harder
I didn't do anything no no right aimless
Corsair Nazis are popular with racist
assholes who knew right
we like to call pub Jeep one cut okay
the check trigger choice that's right
that Hitler guy was a real jerk that's
true that's really true
I still have not met one around in pub G
I will tell you that I've gotten to I
think my height the highest I've gotten
to is third I've gotten to place number
three and I was really excited about
that
and when it gets down to the final five
and the map shrinks to a very small
circle right it completely changes the
game
yeah good because then it actually turns
into a fire fight but everyone has
equipment yeah yeah it's it's it's like
the it's like the it's like the main
ship battle fight finale of FTL where
it's just a very different game well the
circle I I got to rank five this I gotta
I gotta have fun killing these things of
course this looks this looks very fun oh
I thought it was desecrated you lost
five cells how many did I have five I'm
gonna guess
yep
all right so so yeah it's it was it was
very exciting it was very very exciting
getting some final three and I look
forward to blocks block eat it I do look
forward to playing more as soon as I get
the episode edited which should be
rather quick we do you know obviously
like as far as gameplay goes in pub G
there's not a whole lot you can talk
about collect the things in your
shooting rifle right and so it's it's
actually going to be a very short
episode as far as your original plan I'm
gonna I'm gonna share with them what
your original plan was all right if you
remember not necessarily a very funny
idea that rich had is uh I had I had
some gameplay footage where for a Oh for
a very extended amount of time I was
just hiding in a bush yeah and of course
I record all my gameplay and I so I have
several hours of gameplay and what I
discovered was it was it's about eight
and a half minutes straight yeah of me
just hiding in a bush and looking around
but I never leave the bush for eight and
a half solid minutes yes and that's the
pub G experience what I've did so
unfortunately it probably won't work so
rich had a great idea of just overlaying
that uncut footage on top of the episode
like put it in the corner and just you
know unedited footage of hiding in a
bush right yeah which is a very funny
idea but the episode is probably going
to be longer than eight and a half
minutes right so unfortunate we aren't
able to do that I am gonna have another
bit we were hiding behind a desk yeah
but unfortunately that wasn't for as
long okay I I hid in the bush way longer
so I but there is a little moment where
we talk about all the boring stuff that
happens in the game and I use a clip for
me hiding in the bush and I'm actually
just going to upload an entirely
separate video called unedited footage
of hiding in a bush the pub G experience
right
hopefully it'll it'll get a funny gag
hopefully it'll be a funny gag but oh
that's right how long was I in that boat
I was in that boat for a rather long
time
I like that don't like what they're a
knife you don't like the throne yeah all
right no that's fair but but yeah a lot
of the game is obviously just downtime
Oh apparently you can use it as a
secondary well you have the shield of
the secondary so he probably wants that
shield key Bob do you need a key Bob oh
I see how to do that okay let's see here
the true blue channel says the long dark
is the first survival game on Steam to
come off early ask XS what is it about
that genre that the games stay in
development hell also can you say hi to
my dad Tom hi Tom hi Tom your your kid
true blue channel is wasting their time
watching live streamers instead of being
productive putting that out there I
don't know if I don't know if jury I'd
probably watches TV okay you know six
one half dozen to the other Jack uh oh
you again what do mean again maybe for
the first time
is there is there anything about
survival games that that makes them
particularly suited for development hell
I have never developed a survival game
so I could not tell you there you go
there you go
i I don't think it's survival games I
think early access has given developers
another opportunity to to slack off I
think it's it's lowered the bar for
entry
generally speaking you know even making
videos there is there is a high level to
do it as a edit for a living and so the
high difficulty level is a built-in
deterrent for anyone who just wants to
half-ass it but now because of something
like early access a developer who say
doesn't have their head in the game or
their heart into it fully can just be I
will go in there early access maybe get
some money and I'll work on it here in
there and slacking off as a theme
tonight maybe so yeah that's what I
worry about with stuff like early access
is it gives them it gives developers an
excuse not to give us a finished product
as early access yeah this really bothers
you and it doesn't bother me that's true
at all that's like at all yeah I think I
think if if the product they're giving
me yeah even though it isn't technically
finished if it's in a state where I
enjoy it I absolutely don't give a fuck
at all and it has a label on it
somewhere that says early access but
it's semantics unless of course
people come in with the expectations
that those people are dumb that one day
it will be finished buyer beware like I
have to go up here right well you know
you get you get to a point where it's
it's less about buyer beware and more
about truth in advertising right where
was his where were you burned that this
is a huge issue I'm curious and nowhere
was I burned I I just I'm a bird who
hurt you who hurt you in the world of
early access my first Kickstarter
campaign was a horrible failure the
first Kickstarter campaign I ever
donated to was an unmitigated failure
that turned me off of Kickstarter for a
very long time who hurt you tech no I
just you know and like I said it's to me
it's it's a truth in advertising thing
where if you have a product that is for
sale then then it's oh hey here's the
product buy it if you're not if you want
to you know don't buy it if you if you
don't want it to right but with early
access you can always promise to fix
broken things or add more stuff later
and instead of selling a product you're
selling a promise and and I don't I
don't like the the loosening of the
rules then you then you get into like
you know a shady territory
early access is supposed to be like
Kickstarter though it's not a way to
donate to the game but at all it is it
is that's what they use it for they use
early access to get funding to finish
the game so you have the only proper
solution is to be beholden to a large
develop a producer nope no who will have
complete control over your final product
and don't want it young maybe they'll
you do something it's a little bit
dumber that I have a broader appeal
absolutely oh and then then you'll get
the money to finish your game I
absolutely understand the benefit to
early access this side to me it's just
not a black and white deal there's a
there's a clear benefit to early access
a developer who normally would not
finish a game could get the means to
finish the game absolutely absolutely
remember brutal legend legend made by
Tim Schafer I haven't played it but I
remember it exists to some degree he
could do what he wanted because he was a
big name but yeah the one of the
publishers that game had at some point
tried to force them to make it hip-hop
instead of heavy-metal cuz I'm all our
demographics show that hip-hop is in
sure what this crowd first of all I
would have been ok with that because I
totally would not have you know I enjoy
a skier hell no enjoy whatever movie you
want to enjoy it doesn't matter what us
or any critic says if you enjoy Batman V
Superman then good for you you've found
something you enjoy they could be like
parappa the rapper they'd be great no
and you know the you know we've had so
much success with with kick-started
games with early access games wait you
know there are success stories yeah
right and so I'm not you don't throw the
baby out with the bad I'm I'm I'm being
for once rich I am being skeptical and
you are not encouraging my skepticism
for one show for once I'm trying to be
cautious oh you can heal if you press
the left bumper I don't really know what
I'm doing here great
what does the chat have to say about all
this
uh some agree with you some agree with
me now they're just talking about
whether or not it should be hip-hop rich
and I have absolutely no plans to play
any sort of dating simulator no no
dating sim you know they talk about that
stupid dad when I get talking about the
dad wonder ya know and and but we
wouldn't play any dating simulator that
is not the kind of games we play so
heads-up
does that recharge
there was a beibei's kids SNES game what
yeah you know I did not know that I've
have you seen beibei's kids do you
remember babies kids babies kids a movie
a cartoon based off of a c-grade comics
you know material about his girlfriend's
kids who didn't much care for him Bebe's
kids
there was a ren and stimpy game yes they
made games based on all the things all
the things yep
find a game they didn't make let's see
here
Haven have an ice life no have a nice
life says hey Jack and rich are you guys
interested in playing the long dark it's
a survival game based on the Canadian
wilderness it just released yesterday as
a full game on Steam no first person
curler says hi from a non prereq live
friendly time zone hey speaking of the
art style in this game have you tried
dungeons of the endless I gifted to you
some time ago tower defense game with
some fun Adams I yeah I think I started
it and it just didn't it didn't click
for me but that's all I got someone in
another stream was saying how beautiful
fire watch was I think it's beautiful
you're allowed to think whatever silly
thing you want to think Jack ah good I
will good I will everybody's doing that
on Twitter everyone's doing a 5 5
favorite games of all time lists right
now yeah there's a whole like and I'm
seeing a whole lot of people whose
opinions I generally respect talking
about the Last of Us I'm putting that on
their list
let's go really this is a thing people
love that fucking game people love it
rich
I hate Naughty Dog's so much yeah yeah I
know someone gift us the long dark there
is no guarantee we will play it if you
gift yeah then not I have no interest in
a survival game not necessarily a genre
I care about there have been exceptions
there have been exceptions you know I
really liked the flame in the flood that
was a really good survival game but also
that one that game move did that wasn't
there which one was into the flame in
the flood near the little girl in the
boat and he got the dog I did it for a
solo stream you might not yeah you might
have seen it it's a it's a resource
gathering survival game but instead of
like hunkering down and having to like
build a base and then go out and
scavenge and like build up your base
you're constantly moving from one island
to the next okay and that led over that
made it the progression feel really nice
you know you could never stick around
and hunker down anywhere which which
kept the game moving so I really enjoyed
that
how about jalopy we did not like jalopy
don't starve I played a little bit of
don't starve and yeah i it became bogged
down in in base building and in general
and I'm not a big fan of base building
parts well that's interesting
like what dying looks like I can put a
down payment sure so this is how you
kind of like level up stuff yeah but if
I can't afford the upgrade it looks like
I could just put what I have into it and
go away oh that's good good well I eat
donuts with you what the fuck kind of
question is that no I'm not gonna eat
donuts with you you're creepy you're
creepy go away kid there you go yes
death mullet hazel English that's a it's
a fine album no I'm not listening to any
new music at the moment I guess the lino
Ivan I was something I was obsessed with
that chance the rapper mixtape for a
long time a a local hip-hop artist named
Webster Webster ex just put out an album
that I've been listening to that I think
is alright but no no no real nothing
nothing I'm super obsessed with at the
moment music wise I've been on an NPR
kick recently which happens every once
in a while just listen to some talk
radio listen to some weird stories you
know history of air conditioning that
kind of stuff that guy I actually heard
that at NPR once I believe it and I'm
not kidding I found it interesting so
all the times
that's what NPR is a great
we kind of need I don't know what my
overall goal is maybe they don't maybe
they don't have an overall goal
implemented yet they don't have the
story lock down in yeah that could be
why Lina's are a boss I'm trying to be
was there a destination I'm trying to go
to what what constitute what constitutes
winning I'd I have no idea
potent potables one says there are
currently two bosses so is the bowl what
is the goal to face the bosses I assume
oh good drunken weasel drunken weasel
says I got that book Oryx and Crake so
far it's good yes I've been really
enjoying that Oryx and Crake very fun
book I've actually put off watching that
Netflix original movie Jah because the
premise seems very good job you see man
that's the dumbest name I've ever heard
well really that's the dumbest name
there's a lot of them look Jeff Luc ja I
think it means something in a foreign
language I think it's not I'm not an
English word this doesn't mean anything
to me the Netflix movie Luke Jarrow Kia
or whatever it's called it looked it
looked interesting but the the premise
seems very similar to that of Oryx and
Crake so I Oryx an Incred that I unknown
in wish
yes yes you did
Oryx and Crake is a book by the same
writer who wrote the handmaidens tale
which is very very popular right now the
handmaidens tale
yeah and Oryx and Crake is a sci-fi
novel about about future times and it's
very very compelling it's a good read
kuk-ja
is a Netflix show about future these are
the names could you take a look can you
tickle the green goo it's got to do
something right no it doesn't do
anything
I'm just running around it it's not it's
not at all clear to me what I'm supposed
to be doing cuz it looks teleporters
it's nonlinear I don't know am I looking
for something what am I looking for I
cannot tell you what is prog I don't
know what progress is it's all I can
tell you about is oak jaw and Oryx and
Crake I'm enjoying the combat but I have
absolutely no idea what I'm doing or
what I'm supposed to be doing that's
fine unless this is early enough all oh
we already you fought him all I'm
supposed to be doing is running around
at this point because it's early access
they don't have that much implemented
yet I don't know and Scorpio we have
already told you about it's it's okay if
you like movies that most people don't
like just enjoy the movies you enjoyed
you can stop saying that if you enjoy
Batman vs Superman and Suicide Squad
that's great what do they they have said
this is because we didn't know no
they've they've made they've copy pasted
the same comments
a couple times saying hey Jack I like
movies that other people don't like like
Suicide Squad and Batman vs Superman
that makes you special do I need help is
there something wrong with me I'm just
letting them know they know there's
nothing wrong with you you like the
things you like and it's okay to like
the things you like settle down you like
like you know murdering people okay you
know fair do you like Nazis right then
you're wrong right boom
you're right I guess I meant in like
consumption of pop culture media right
unless the movies you like our Nazi
snuff films you can like whatever you
want wait Nazi snuff films are they
snuffing out the Nazis because it's okay
to like that I guess in my head a Nazi
snuff film was a snuff film starring
Nazis so it could go either way it's a
it's a coin flip either they're doing or
they're being stuff so it's either good
or bad it really yeah you're right
you're watching parts of and it's really
great what Blues Brothers are they
Illinois Nazis no I don't remember
chased by Nazis for part of that movie
are they Basel Volkswagen like cars
German cars driving around chasing after
him that's a great mess and they fly off
the bridge at the end they film that
Milwaukee that bridge downtown before it
was done yeah yeah I knew that in hmm
the Nazis drive to bridge drive up the
bridge after the Bluesmobile there's a
completely impossible backflip over them
flight of the Valkyries is playing and
then just the the comical exaggeration
of the fall where you know they fly off
the edge of a bridge it's uncompleted
some other they're taller than the
fucking skyscrapers around the moon car
is falling that's a great some beautiful
scene that movie in general great yes
that whole ending of that movie Megan
spectacular chasing with a fucking dry
120 miles an hour and fucking downtown
Chicago the fucking army is storming
Daley Plaza when they're there they're
in the office waiting for the guy to get
back from lunch five minute break you
see the army story and all that movie so
fucking great I agree I agree you know
what I've been catching up on Game of
Thrones the new season of Game of
Thrones started and I lost my one sword
that's fine and my wife likes to watch
Game of Thrones and so you know like if
we want to sit down and watch something
together she wants to watch Game of
Thrones and so I said okay how about we
how about we binge together last season
and then you know we can watch stuff
together and you know I'll catch up and
do you may own the equipment a man I
damage taken reduced by 10% mmm not bad
you don't have the money for it you
don't have the money for any of these
damage you do up 10% electric whipper I
will get into last season game of
Thrones spoilers I I won't get into
anything this season but I think it is
generally speaking a very bad show Game
of Thrones I think it's very poorly
written I've never watched it it sounds
miserable to watch everyone's always
devastated because their favorite
characters have died yes and why do I
want to even start you don't you don't
there's no one there's no one that you
care about that lasts longer than a few
episodes everyone who does like who's
still around is an awful terrible person
or not or someone with just no
motivation who you can't empathize with
I want to root for somebody yes I want a
good guy I want a good guy I can root
for I hate it I hate it so much and that
awful actress the one who was in the
Terminator
movie that where Sarah Connor goes back
in time was that Genesis yeah she play
she plays one of the main characters
Daenerys Targaryen the mother of dragons
she's the she's the Biddy with the
Dragons and her character throughout six
seasons has had one single motivation
and nothing has changed and I find her
to be awful I hate looking at her I
think she's a bad actress and I don't
like it when she says stuff removes her
face or talks so so I hate her and a lot
of the show is about her Peter Dinklage
is fantastic just because he's a good
actor in general but I'm not you can't
really root for him because he's not
really doing anything
and she barely accomplished it her so
her character is the the daughter of the
fallen king and the fallen king had his
you know had the Seven Kingdoms but his
throne taken away from him because he
was the Mad King he became crazy yeah
and it's been her it's been her goal in
life to retake back the Seven Kingdoms
right of Westeros or whatever and she
learned a little bit of a lesson in
season one about like being a ruler
instead of just being a spoiled bitch
but then some shit happened so but then
her character almost got interesting
yeah she took over this town but before
she could go to Westeros she had to like
figure out how to how to do the
day-to-day ruling stuff not just
Conqueror yeah a village but actually
rule over it make decisions that affect
your people and her character for a
fraction of a second almost got
interesting because you know maybe she
would have to learn or grow or something
but then she just gotten a dragon and
flew away and Peter Dinklage figured out
the whole city situation dragons so this
is fantasy fantasy yeah it's like
Tolkien s well no there's no gob there's
no it works
there's no orcs or goblins hey look at
that look at that and I said look prompt
he's dead what and that's recent Oh can
you take a sword no oh I could oh oh
interesting Jack nice fight
Oh a blueprint for the brodster what I
do with the blueprint that's something
you know that guy with the blue thing on
his back now he can now you can give
yourselves to him and and get that sword
they remember the guy with the blue
thing on his back said and he wanted
blue since why couldn't I pick this up
again oh I was that full huh you were a
little alpha before you so in any case
her character I don't know if I want to
go in there doesn't really move forward
and none of the characters do anything
and any character you like dies and it's
confusing and there's a lot of backstory
that they don't explain properly and I
hate everything but it's made an
interesting turn in season six rich
season six is where the books stop so
this is not the guy I got to go to them
no the guy with the blue thing on all
right all right
all right so they're ahead of the books
okay so now is starting in season six
they got ahead of the books and you can
act there is a discernible difference in
the writing characters started making
sharp turns and doing things it was
amazing
oh so it's good now well there's so much
bullshit that you have to put up I
barely call it good now but they
actually started towards their end goals
that they've been
it has to do something right hey maybe
maybe we'll figure out as we go on great
that's great so in any case it's been
really interesting watching the writing
now that they're moving away from the
books and you know characters you care
about are actually doing stuff now and
but then that bullshit last season so
spoiler alert for last season they
killed the the only basically the only
hero we had left they killed at the end
of season five Jon Snow they killed him
and that's why I stopped watching
because he was the only character I
cared about anymore
yeah and then immediately in the
premiere of season six he came back to
life because of magic and so then
there's no more waits to death in the
universe anymore a lot of characters die
they can come back whenever it doesn't
matter anymore right
I like thorns but this seems to be a
better a better weapon loadout yeah
nothing you can't do nothing damn can
you can buy that blue bomb thing
and in any case it's not a show for me
but I've been watching it only because
my wife likes to watch it and we have
very little opportunities to watch stuff
together so I put up with it I put up
with it and complain about it when I'm
on the Internet
so now anybody can come back to life
I mean seemingly and other like I want
to say like minor characters have been
brought back from the dead before but
this was the first major character but
you know death is a big thing because
they can't they kill everybody like they
don't care if it's a main character that
was her claim to fame that's their claim
to fame absolutely like the the whole
show started oh this guy okay the whole
show started with like the person who
was supposed to be the hero dying
immediately massive damage that sounds
good great do I complain about it to my
wife sometimes because she also read the
books and so like I have to ask her a
lot of questions like who are these
people did we ever meet them before no
no but they're in the book no where are
these people from are they important oh
that's somebody's brother oh that's some
guy we haven't seen in four seasons and
he's back and important now
no aren't you know what aria was great
she just fuck us at I think it might be
a friend oh I'm enjoying this Aria was
gray aria is great but she was she was
stuck with the many-faced God guy for
how many seasons now but now that yeah
now she's out she's doing stuff it's
great
whip doesn't seem to do much damage
I also hope that Maisie Williams goes on
to get more work she's great she's great
and I like I like the Arya Stark
character Sansa can go fuck herself I
hate stuff I also don't care for that
actress she plays that she plays Jean
Grey in the new x-men movies yeah
wait new Jean Grey there's a new Janet
even others and did you see days of
yourself I don't give a shit about them
that's true yeah there's a new Jean Grey
alright this electric whip sucks you
learned a valuable lesson rich I am the
guy who recommends the flash TV show and
not Game of Thrones you guys know what
my taste is I win oh okay with action
schlock oh nice how do I go back go back
where Dwight Cooper teleporter yeah I
guess I don't really need to know I need
aids souls or or cells
what's her character tomboy trying to
avenge her dad so like Danny who you
hate well one I hate I hate the actress
I hate that actress I think she's a bad
actress - Danny's Danny's doing this
whole like I come from royalty thing so
you know like I am the Queen and you
will treat me as the Queen whereas Aria
is doing is doing a starting from a
disadvantage because she's a young weak
little girl and so she has almost a
spider-man thing happening where you
know she's the underdog so the
characters of Daenerys and Arya are very
different also I just hate that actress
now if I buy this sword do I lose it
Aria is from near royalty but she
doesn't act like she's from royalty it's
a whole its you get it together you get
it together little Sebastian
I also recommend Legion de and Jessica
Jones yes but they're not currently you
know producing new stuff like flashes
in any case I've been watching some game
of booms haven't been terribly enjoying
it thought we're watching it because
that's what we're doing
a ton of new shows are about to are
about to happen now we're gonna we get a
glut of stuff in August which I'm really
looking forward to what's going out
what's going on like there are the tick
is happening this month really nice the
defenders is coming out is thor ragnarok
is coming out this month right not sure
I believe Thor I mean obviously that's a
movie but we're getting a ton uh we're
getting a ton of geeky stuff happening
this month
oh there's new broadchurch that's that's
out already actually do I do I do I
knock it back to the old area unless I
die
is that what's going on here what old
area I want to go back to the little
print guy yeah where was he
there's in a different map section thing
a different map section yeah oh I'm
gonna hold it an area right now sure
that's right what hot American summer
ten years later is coming out actually
that's just a gonna a couple days we're
getting so much shit so they're doing
more what had American summer they are
the other one went over kind of met the
other one well yeah the other one went
over kind of mad but they're doing
another run now now it's the official
sequel this yeah ten years later looks
pretty good looks pretty good I know I I
was kind of mad about the the the first
day of camp but oh my god stump that was
dumb wrench
yes without Bradley Cooper they've
they've actor swaps the Bradley Cooper
character doesn't want nothing to do
with it oh he's just busy you know he's
a big Hollywood actor I don't know
Bradley Cooper's a big Hollywood actor
rich and you know last season for the
first day of camp they had him
they had him only for like a half a day
and so part of his schtick was he's
going he was going to be at the big
party as DJ ski mask and so they kept
cutting to a character in a ski mask and
it was the same character that was a
joke which I thought was pretty funny
but this year he just he wasn't around
for any days of filming and so Adam
Scott is replacing him
the rich have 78 says every time you go
to a new dungeon you'll encounter The
Blueprint guy oh my god so heads up
going back just isn't a thing here okay
Mauck tronic says roses are red violets
are droopy please explain while saw
twice Sansa is poopy one Samsa as the
character in Game of Thrones won one of
them the main character who died very
early on his daughter
the show revolves around many old royal
families and they're all fighting for
power not son Sansa had no character
that's why she was poopy her her main
character trait was that she did
whatever she was told and so she was
promised to the king who was awful and
she went along with it and was unhappy
and then she was promised to the King's
brother who wasn't as awful but she went
along with it and wasn't happy then she
was promised to another person and she
went along with basically she just
didn't she was a she was a human meat
puppet like she was a human torture
device where okay she just did whatever
she was told at all times and was
unhappy about it at all times
and that's why I didn't much care for
her character and she looks a lot like
Boy George yes she looks like a very
young boy George which is off-putting
oh sorry not the Kings brother the Kings
uncle she was with she was with Peter
Dinklage : I misspoke not King's brother
the Kings uncle haha terrible mistake
terrible mistake to make I'm so sorry
riveting riveting riveting yep
Game of Thrones sucks now because of
people like Jack who haven't read a page
of the books so you have to read the
book don't wait to show them if you have
to read the book to make the show worth
watching then by very definition the
show is not good if you have to read the
expanded universe novels to really
understand why the Star Wars movies are
great then the Star Wars movies aren't
that great oh you can roll that yeah
lost 18 cells I'm so sorry I am too that
was a lot I don't wanna lose though that
is a lot did you know you were going to
the boss named a boss I think that's a
boss that's a boss is that it's just a
slightly upgraded arrow-shooting guy
well I that might be the boss that they
got right now I'm gonna say you're wrong
I he's a he's a guy that you've had to
fight several times I'm gonna say you
were wrong and he is powerful that is
boss like character and I'm also usually
pretty weak when I get to him though
yeah
potin potable says that's an elite not a
boss yeah okay thank you thank you yeah
see he looks just like now I just he's
dead look just like this other guy I
listened it that that elite had some
boss like characteristics I know is this
how new is this yeah it's not even out
yet
how new is this
encephalopathy X as I remember when we
call them mini-bosses well okay whether
or not it's a mini-boss depends upon how
many of them show up later right if they
end up replacing regular enemies
yeah like completely replacing regular
enemies it's not a mini-boss okay
many bosses show up here and there a few
times they're saying that they're saying
this released in May alright so just a
couple months old I'm enjoying it
it looks very enjoyable I think I bought
it I think I own this game and then
every time I think about playing it it's
an early axis oh yeah yeah wait oh stop
hey it's gonna be fun
oh you know what I see this tip by
humberto Cabbage Patch they said I
watched open oh no I'm sorry that's
different but I now at now you made me
think of a story that I want to tell you
know what was really upsetting is that
get outta here is I was ready I was
ready to show my kids Big Trouble in
Little China the other day we were gonna
have a movie night and I said hey let's
watch Big Trouble in Little China mmm
and there and they were like days like
yeah that sounds dumb dad I don't want
to watch it cuz you know they don't know
yeah yeah and and and so I was like
here's what it's about
it's about a truck driver that fights
magic ninja and they're like ah they go
alright and I said but at the end a
guy's head explodes and I go alright
we'll watch that with you and they were
super excited about it but I couldn't
find it anyway Big Trouble in Little
China online I couldn't find it to rent
anywhere you know like a video on demand
yeah and maybe I was having some some
internet issues or something but I
wasn't I was unable to find it to rent I
don't know all right I like these twin
swords
Skippy it is not on Netflix it is not on
Netflix it just left
Netflix yeah listen you got to know
what's gonna sell it for the kids they
they heard a guy's head explodes and
they wanted to see that shit like a
magic ninjas and I said lots of there's
lots of fighting there's guns or swords
there's no fun for me there's monsters
and they said yeah but I said a guy's
head explodes and they go alright now
I'm down all right head better explode
well I had better explode
I think its whole body explodes right
yeah yeah but so I talk about the guy
that pops yeah yeah yeah I said even
know if I would call it a head explosion
that's a full pot it's a full body they
would have enjoyed that just as fine oh
it's still on Netflix in Canada I'm just
show them my copy of the movie I love
that movie it's a great movie it's a
great movie good commentary track I
don't I don't own many DVDs and so you
know you cuz usually everything you can
and maybe I just wasn't searching in the
right areas but it's a good commentary
track that is largely John Carpenter
making fun of Kurt Russell for having
starred in captain Ron
all right so I go there I can't come
back okay so Humberto cabbage patch says
I watched nothing but trouble last night
it was terrible I think I laughed twice
disgust really nothing but trouble
here's it's it's a bizarrely polarizing
movie yeah some people just I don't know
what it is I think some people just
don't either don't get or don't care for
the central joke the central premise
which is we have a protagonist who
thinks he's the big tough action hero I
watched nothing but trouble
oh nothing but trouble I think we're
still talking about big trouble a little
China and by the way with the first time
I read that tip in my head I saw a big
trouble and little do you say big
trouble well no then I told my big
trouble a little time at China story but
now we're getting back to the tip in
which they said nothing but trouble okay
okay nothing but trouble yeah it's a bad
movie but it's a fascinating movie I
didn't say it was a laugh a minute no I
said it's worth a watch just for being
interesting it is one of the most
bizarre movies in existence it is let's
see if this reviews never it's never
gonna see the light of day you don't be
in jack man Jack filmed I'm fuckin I'm
doing good but cuz this happened like
half a year ago this happened a while
we we've the same day we filmed our
demolition man review we also filmed a
second review for nothing but trouble
talk about it not necessarily because we
loved the movie just because we thought
it was worth talking about absolutely
and my point of view on this nothing but
trouble is directed by Dan Aykroyd right
was directed by and written by and
written by Dan Aykroyd yes and so just
for you always hear these stories like
you know Dan Aykroyd's original script
for the Blues Brothers the size of a
phone book we had to cut 90% of it out
dan Aykroyd the original script for
ghostbusters was the size of a phone
book we had to cut 90% of it off we had
all these crazy terrible ideas and
nothing but trouble
we finally get to see it all of his
crazy terrible ideas nothing but trouble
when you think about it like that's
probably what his original script for
ghostbusters look like to some degree
it's fascinating it's to see Dan Aykroyd
finally yes finally Unchained and you
get to see what he would do
and here's the thing there is world
building in the nothing but trouble
universe that will rival the best sci-fi
movie and Jennifer it's always been good
at that yes it's the the mythos of the
nothing but trouble world is so tight
it's immaculate it's amazing but the
movie is bizarre as fuck it is a movie
that I I remember I remember way back in
the day like before kids before Lisa and
I were married I purchased nothing but
trouble and I said honey I remember this
movie we have to watch this and she
hated me for like no because we watched
it and she's like this is this is
garbage what are you doing I was like
they they Road they rode a roller
coaster and landed in a pile of bones
that is something that appears in this
movie don't tell me it's not the most
fantastic thing in the world just just
realize when you watch nothing but
trouble that it's in it's like
ghostbusters without I haven't right
been stepping in and saying no or
without anyone as charismatic as Bill
Murray behaving Ivan Reitman comes in he
takes a look at this shit that Dan egg
right through in his desk and he says
Harold all right oh yeah Dan Okrent yeah
me and Harold Ramis see you me there -
we're gonna rewrite this yeah yeah I'm
gonna get together and you just keep
saying things but we the two smart
people in the room we're just we're
gonna figure something out yeah and
nothing but who is Ghostbusters without
that influence it's in a sense it's
amazing all-star cast
big-budget it's it's it's absolutely
it's a sight to be seen and and you know
I see some people chat like the video
wasn't Vito
I'm sure just Jay got busy with other
stuff he says he's eventually gonna III
don't know I don't know basically it's
one of those videos and I know that he
did the same thing with his and Josh's
review of that Talking Heads movie and
yeah where he's just like oh you know
it'll just be on the backburner forever
until there's a downtime and then it'll
come out if it ever comes out right
because who knows one that I could
downtime is going to be but nothing but
trouble Humberto cabbage patch I know
and like it's not funny but it's like
it's supposed to be funny but it's not
funny it's it's just it's resolved it's
fascinating
yes it's absolutely fascinating it's
worth a watch it's really worth a watch
like like that to be it's not something
you are going to be entertained by it's
something that you should study yes what
the fuck and and it's it's just that
perfect like you know he was dan Aykroyd
er was riding off of some high waves and
had a ton of clout he had a bunch of
celebrities in it and he just got to do
whatever he wanted and that's the movie
he made fascinating stuff
yes beefcake ELISA was very happy when I
was in Canada for a week so she wasn't
forced to watch bad movies it's yeah
oh nothing but trouble maybe one day
you'll get to see the proper review on
him we'll see here dick gently er says
greetings gentlemen it was cool to see
max landis wearing a nerd crew shirt on
Jenny Nicholson's show on screen junkies
do you ever watch her stuff got my nerd
crew shirt last month and loved it I
subscribe to her on YouTube I enjoy I
haven't I don't subscribe to screen
junkies so I haven't seen any of her
stuff there but I don't but I have
absolutely nothing against her I watched
the max landis thing and it was
entertaining no she's good she has a
really nice speaking style and I think
she has a very dry humour and yeah and
it's very funny so I enjoy her stuff I
haven't seen any of her screen junky
stuff because I generally just don't
like on screen junkies I think she does
more of like hey here's the news on Star
Wars kind of stuff and I don't care
about that but she had some very funny
videos I really enjoyed her she did a
funny Suicide Squad one where she was
trying to like add logic to the world of
Suicide Squad yeah she was funny I think
she is a funny lady
and it was great of Max to wear the very
cool nerd crew shirt yeah I don't think
he could resist it
here's the thing the 7x oh I don't think
she tries really hard to be all brie
Plaza I just think that's how she speaks
in acts would you please do a review on
Close Encounters for the re-release I'd
love to
I'll talk to Jay about that there's a
couple of reviews that I really want to
do I don't know if we'll have time all
right
die little blank to fuck die you little
flying fuck endo kromm says here's two
bucks for risking kidney damage with
that tums festival gag lol how many how
many tongues do you want to bet I
actually ate I mean oh hopefully about
that man actually ate four okay that's
good which is a it's an average night
for me the tums yeah I have I've had
asked reflux my whole life so you should
look into some medication for that some
proper medication so you don't have to
eat all them Thomas proper medication
says don't take for longer than 14 we a
14-day I just stick with on tablet
rather than the thing that may harm me
over time sure sure yeah I get some
zyrtec so that Bailey areas I can't get
into the other area had a is there a
potential triple-jump that I should have
maybe or maybe it has something to do
with that green thing like maybe it's
what if you crouch on that green thing
like crouch and tickle
oh wait what's that what's what now you
have like a - over your head I don't
fucking know the Crouch and tickle
didn't work usually the Crouch integral
works usually I just like say I liked
the phrase usually the Crouch and tickle
works chan have anything to say about
this in excess seemingly inaccessible
area there was one in the last zone -
you unlock items that let you climb
all right all right I'm saying it's up
because it's also a Metroidvania so
Metroidvania when you can't go back to
previous wait wait go to here go to the
teleporter real quick
oh you haven't unlocked another topic I
have in the other area
oh shit I just don't know the old
crouching sickle let's see here by the
way that was a good episode I was a fine
I've said the best of the worst
I got to watch I am so upset that I
wasn't there for that demon movie that I
mean the other ones I could do without
but I wanted to be there for Empire of
the dark now that I've seen it oh that
looked amazing
just amazing it's a great viewing night
yeah oh except for mad foxes which came
highly recommended just just kind of
disgusted me yeah that's the thing I'm
okay with having missed mad foxes but
Empire of the dark that looked that
looked to be classic just classic old
man Joe pilato that was that's when it
hadn't old man that's what I had
everyone yeah I mean straight straight
out of a high school production of a few
good men here crane hand crisis finally
beat the flagship on a Kestrel run what
are riches mad ng tourists stress ng
tourists
yeah I mean the ng ship I think I
believe that's out there any any mad ng
threats I don't use the the ng drone
ship that match the the one that's drone
centric yeah yeah I usually don't go for
drones and I hate anything
I'm dependent upon ammo okay so I
personally me personally yeah I avoid
drone based strategies unless I find
that one that one augment what do they
call those perk where you get to get
your drone back yeah the drone recovery
perk yeah then I'll go drones but I
don't I don't have much advice I can
give you for that ship cuz I don't
really use it much you know yeah any
like the either being dependent on
drones are dependent on missiles right
yeah is a terrible situation at the end
yeah I oh I hate missiles and like I
said if you if you have a drone recovery
arm
yeah it's great drones but let's find
that I don't bother with you it's a it's
a big investment for something you're
just gonna run out of ammo for oh yeah
and then like if you build up all of
your drones so you have a bunch of
powerful drones and then no drones to
send out yeah you just kind of fuck yeah
let's see here casual horse says don't
mind me
casual horse I love casual horse Oh a
time-based door Jack I was too late to
get in him Oh
Oh fun that's interesting fun
rich saw Dunkirk
I did not see dunker rich thoughts on
Dunkirk Saving Private Ryan with 80%
less heart boom but but I don't hate it
was good but I didn't hate I didn't I
didn't get the feels yeah
well no that's he doesn't do the feels
right he does the Bleak action no no one
does the Bleak action I don't know what
to get out of it besides we're bad and I
kind of knew that well but you're bad
also right Nolan Jack Secord Royce I
think everyone can agree Nolan is a
great technical director no one knows
his stuff oh my god oh my god yeah
we got here Irishmen 36 hijack and rich
well we're either of you guys ever into
old isometric RPG games now Allah
Baldur's Gate Icewind Dale or Diablo no
there seems to be a resurgence of these
games nowadays which is great nothing
yeah I enjoy them it just wasn't my
thing yeah yeah me either you like to be
you like the you know doing original
XCOM which is isometric turn-based I
didn't discover that until later though
right right right back in the day I
wasn't playing the original XCOM I
didn't know I didn't know cuz if
somebody wasted years right
let's see here bad news everyone says
hey dudes what's the word on a Star Trek
review is that the bird is the word
oh yeah always I would have I would have
done one like a year ago it's whenever
whatever Mike wants to sit down and talk
about anything Star Trek related on
review let's see here no cuz well and
then the the lighter part of the
question is that show for film only or
could Mike and rich discuss team I don't
general I don't know if he's saving it
for something special and just come on
it's about time right yeah I don't know
I'm sure a review could be about
anything so could be about TV shows just
like Mike and Jay you know did a did a
half of the bag on stranger things
whatever they feel like talking about
the electric whip that was a terrible
one
these storms are had yeah these are the
ones I had escape cage says I love Star
Trek but after Voyager Enterprise and
into darkness I have severe doubts about
the future that's fair yeah beyond was
great
I I'm I've just decided they wish they
wish it was Star Wars which it's Trek
it's not don't make it be Star Wars
right but it is what it is we can't I
can't change the people in charge that's
true that's true let's see here cool
trainer lehem DS says thank you for
articulating why Game of Thrones is bad
hopefully I did a fine enough job I know
a lot of people will disagree with me
it's a very popular show everybody
people like it and you know again I
don't begrudge you for liking it I just
don't like it and trying to articulate
why I didn't like it it's just not my
thing dead for a while now
kick it kick it you can't kick him no
I've never seen Vikings I've heard a
good thing about that things about that
show though everybody have you ever seen
Vikings a show on History Channel Jim
works on that show work on that show
you're right I've heard good things
before before I met Jim I've heard good
things about it yeah you get charged you
did a rich you did it let's see here
solo five six seven this is Jack
I recently binge seasons of the expanse
in three days and I loved it fuck yes
the expanse is great I remembered that
you had talked about it previously so
thank you for that
have you read those books I have not my
wife has read them after we started
watching the show actually because it's
such a good that's that's the good
sci-fi right now is the expanse the the
situation's or the the the acting isn't
always the greatest and the characters
are pretty stock characters yeah in the
expanse but the mystery and the world
the world rich Mars and Earth and the
asteroid belts possible otherworldly
life it's it's awesome it's great get on
it people if you haven't seen the
expanse yet and you are into sci-fi get
fucking on it
yes observation 9000 X pants the show X
pants which is on the Playboy channel is
not the show whoa I'm down with that
thanks Lloyd beads we beat says Jack the
problem is you like the flash so I can't
really trust you on what good TV is
which is a sick burn way do I got to
keep these permanently do these tickets
okay start with these these cost a lot
of souls what these weapons here I can I
can only assume that these are the
weapons only for this room but it took
me three different runs to pay for these
I don't know I just I also don't know
rich what are the people who know this
game have to say about that let's see
here they're too busy talking about the
flash fuck the flash they're saying no
they stay unlocked but
so they'll be in shops and stuff all
right all right no fuck so fuck orange
chests or whatever button you've
unlocked in now so that's good let's see
here anonymous says this is a limerick
there once was a boy named rich Evans
who's laughter went up to 11 diabetes
medication smashed two Mike's
elation and now he screams aids up in
heaven PS watch Ozark people dunno I
don't actually have diabetes right I
don't think people get it that that's a
joke but in case they don't that's a
joke everybody
I have no thoughts on ozark let's see
here in doubt shoot Germans says hey my
first tip my movie suggestion the
Blackwell ghost it's a bit one hour fake
documentary a bit found-footage ish no
jump scares but with really fun actor
and really creepy at times the Blackwell
ghost well thank you I did mention that
there was a ghost setting up last time
when we were streaming yes sometimes
there are ghosts in here and that's why
we have so many technical problems is uh
when Mike goes on when I chose this
location yeah when he goes on his ghost
hunting adventures I think he's bringing
ghosts back with him and we don't have a
containment device in here so there
they're messin they're messing with us
alright casual horse says hey guys did
did any of you see kungfu hustle no I
did it's an amazing but polarizing movie
people either love it or hate it
just like pineapples on a pizza q4 rant
on pineapples and go Kung Fu Hustle is
really cute it's a it's a it's a bit of
a comedy it's a bit of a satire of old
kung fu movies but it also is a pretty
good kung fu movie but it's a comedy and
I I really enjoy it I think it's very
funny same director I believe did
Shaolin Soccer
did you see Shaolin Soccer No again the
same vein of comedy where it's a soccer
movie but you know it's almost like
anime soccer where it's so over the top
and they have special powers and it's
cute alright if you say so
he also did another movie called the
good the bad and the weird which I have
not seen so
no the cow fight movie was that was the
Steve Odenkirk movie what was that one
called where he just took an old movie
to read dubbed parts of it do you
remember the coal fight the can there's
a cow fighter that's kung pao Thank You
Chad the mood you remember the movie
Kung Pao you'd be surprised how many
kung fu movies I have not brought to you
but I know I know I love anime you do
love anime that's true
Kung Pao is brought to you by the mind
that brought us all of the thumb movies
did you see any of the thumb movies
there's thumb wars II sing did you see
things
there's thumb wars
there's thumb Tanic there's the Blair
thumb there they're not great but but he
did a movie called Kung Pao in which he
reused footage from an old kung fu movie
and redubbed people and then added some
new scenes with him in it and it's silly
it's not very good it's nowhere near as
good as come from Kung Fu Hustle is
legitimately good compiled
Kung Pao is a mellow I'm sorry Kung Pao
is his mediocre is mediocre at best Kung
Fu Hustle is very good Kung Pao is
mediocre
yeah it's like the worst version of
what's up Tilly Tigerlily
did you ever see what's up Tigerlily
that was just how about how about just
list all of the things did you see
can we just let's just we'll just get it
all out of the way people have seen it's
not unreasonable for people to see
what's up Tigerlily did you see Batman
did you see Roger Corman's the Fantastic
Four did you see The Blues Brothers
did you see Robocop did you see wild at
heart what did you see scanners where
did you see look who's talking wait have
you seen a wild an art that's a great -
I have wild at heart is the movie about
the diving horse it's great wait which
is the one I said I'm thinking of oh no
I'm sorry that's why all the hearts must
be broken
yeah a navigable young Nick Cage we're
okay what's his name what's his name
Larry Devlin bring out one well I'm the
phone William Dafoe his head shot off
with a shotgun
did you see Black Stallion
did you see goosebumps did you see
Murder She Wrote okay no wait
what's up Tiger Lily is a movie that
people have seen and yes I have seen
Murder She Wrote
did you see Casablanca she gone with the
wind
did you see start I did see Stargate I
love the Stars you see start to see
stargate sg1 that series okay no what's
up Tiger Lily is a Woody Allen movie so
that's my people have seen that and it's
the original version of taking old
footage and redouble it so a lot of
people know what what's up tiger loose
I'm sorry rich wow that heart is Nic
Cage I was thinking of wild hearts can't
be broken the schmaltz movie about
horses that dive into water if you've
ever seen that movie it's about it's
about a young girl who runs away from
home so she can ride a horse off of a
diving board and it dives into a shallow
thing of water it's called wild hearts
can't be broken okay
it was very popular in my household as I
have an older sister the girls love it's
about because it's about riding horses
and being wild at heart and how they
can't be broken your wild hearts no they
do not have diving masts that's why
they're wild okay
but how did it end can Wildhearts be
broken I'm not gonna spoil it for you
you watch that yourself
thank you Thank You Colonel rich mustard
for reminding people that I grew up on a
farm we didn't have many movies but we
chucked the corn at each other all right
where were we
future did you see Young Frankenstein
yes Jem Frank sign I don't know you know
what I actually have never seen Bram
Stoker's Dracula you know the big the
big Dracula movie from what was that the
the mid-90s Assad I don't remember too
well I never I never got around to
seeing them yes I've seen Young
Frankenstein roll roll roll in the hay
Young Frankenstein it's great yes I saw
life force I saw that at B fest life
force played at like 1:30 in the morning
at B fest it was fantastic a couple
years ago
did you see Day of the Dead I have not
seen they have the dead know that I did
see Dawn of the Dead both of them did
you see creep show No
did you see gremlins yes
I did not see afternoon of the Dead and
I did not see I like this little chest
wait your vibes accursed chest take one
little hit and you're dead eliminate ten
eminent enemies to lift the curse that's
sweet
ten enemies so if you take one hit
you're dead yeah tough call
now I gotta choose that broadsword done
better with staggers that broadsword
Smith that broadsword was really mean
yes we have both seen things and we will
never see it again
things yeah I hate thanks thanks all
right future future J says good evening
gents in September Star Trek to the
Wrath of Khan will be re-released in
theaters for at least a few days either
of you plan on seeing it we're first
I've even heard of this theaters unite
Marcus does a lot of stuff like that it
don't raise the long start are they yeah
oh that's needs a few days I think oh
really yeah I know I know that sounds
like something that I want to go to
one-hit rich that's fine Khan so for the
35th anniversary yeah Marcus does stuff
like that all the time so I can only
imagine that they'll do it I had to
choose having registered Raiders in the
parade I've already seen one it was like
a small kind of thing like like what
that one Marcus does but you know who's
I've already seen start - Raph - oh
brother Khan Star Trek - Reza Khan on
the big screen okay
never seen Raiders in the big screen
rate is it bigger than the big screen
yeah it would it would be great on the
big screen
Franken Wes says Bram Stoker's Dracula
is one of the most visually appealing
movies on one hand on the other hand
it's also kind of shit so I you know
never just got I just never got around
to seeing it I did I have no particular
reason never got around I want to see
both on the big screen I haven't seen
either on the big screen and so I would
like to see both if if Raiders is coming
though soon I might not be able to see
it in theaters unfortunately if it's
like this weekend yeah then I'm gone
then I'm gone again six or something
sixth I think yeah that's this weekend
oh I'm gonna miss it I'm gone again I'm
out getting out of this two horse town
Admiral Marcus no we have a chain of
theaters here called the Marcus cinema
the Marcus theaters Marcus cinemas and
so there's a bunch of Marcus theaters
here in the Milwaukee area and they're
pretty good about doing special event
screenings like that yep I'm going back
to Canada I'm going I'm going back to
Vulcan now there's some more things I
gotta check out no I'm heading up north
no theaters where I'm heading up north
yeah wicked skies the artists that's
what the Marcus has they have the new
like ultra loungers you know it's just
like a giant comfy seat that's what
kleiner it's great you can lift up the
armrests to turn it into a loveseat or
keep the armrests down for personal
space and cupholders
Jack what did you see Star Trek - the
Wrath of Khan have I seen it
oh yes I have seen Star Trek - the Wrath
of Khan I love Star Trek through the
Wrath of Khan I think it's a really good
movie I think it's a really good movie
even though it's weird to see Kirstie
Alley that young because I'm used to her
being an older actress it's also weird
to see her as a Vulcan I remember when
she was on shears remember her as a
younger actress right you and I have
different perceptions of Kirstie Alley
yeah to me is she's the mom and look
who's talking okay please tell rich that
that bomb is not one use it's infinite
but with a recharge time if you choose
the bomb as one of your weapons Oh see
there you go nice there you go good to
know I'd like to get in some of those
fucking areas I can't get add whatever
this grappling hook up great is that I
need I need it soon yeah
oh you know what I was looking into a
while ago I was talking about
speaking of Marcus cinemas a while ago I
was talking about how much I hated
having to drive to the the big Chain
Theatre instead of seeing movies at my
local theater that I have a movie
theater just a few blocks away from me
within walking distance of my house
yeah but I often don't go to see movies
there because they play a lot of movies
in 3d yeah and I hate that I call this
problem and I actually I've written them
to sit to say hey I would I would go to
the movies more often if you didn't have
movies in 3d heads up and someone in
chat recommended someone apparently made
what they call 2d glasses yeah it's
glasses you can wear to see a 3d movie
in 2d but they're not available anywhere
I did a little research and actually
what you can do is take two pairs of
real 3d glasses switch mounts you get to
the same side yeah take the two left's
you know take the two left's yeah basic
logic basic logic right but then you're
paying extra see it still you still
paying extra to see it but I would
mitigate that money by walking to my
local theater not like it takes a you
know it doesn't take a couple bucks to
drive to my other theater but you know
hey I can walk to the movie theater
so I was excited about that so next time
I'm at the movie theater I'm gonna steal
me a couple pairs of real 3d glasses so
I can hack a pair of 2d glasses so that
I am able to partake in my local theater
in case they have any 3d movies they're
so pretty yeah pretty excited about that
meet us Carson I want I want 3d to die
and it's it's extra insulting because
barely anyone is shooting in 3d anymore
everyone is post converting to 3d
because it's just so much cheaper to
post convert and it looks bad and no one
likes it what's this trap man trap sand
trap friend yes in the long run that's
worth it let's see here
pre reckon my ass says hey Jack and Rich
I heard Karen says that she likes
Squirrel Girl yeah and I think Jack said
he reads Captain Marvel I read Miss
Marvel yeah
have either of you heard about the make
mine milkshake non traversée over at
Marvel Comics no nope make mine
milkshake controversy people who are
lactose intolerance are upset about
milkshakes sorry I have not heard about
that so we have nothing bad let's see
here dr. strong Squire
God dr. strong Squires has wanted to say
completely agree about Dunkirk rich
thank you
but have now been told I'm just wrong by
most of my mates and because they say
mates I assume they're from England
right then me a bigger deal over there
well that you have to like yeah any it's
a patriotic thing no sport the troops
yep yep come on that was that's his
that's history for you
I guess its history for us too it's just
history we don't care about wasn't as
big an event III was completely
unfamiliar with the whole scenario right
right any-anything World War two before
Pearl Harbor I don't know that's when
our history will start we care yeah
that's when we started you know getting
into it let's see here have either of
you uh thought though I thought it was a
good cinematic experience just know
characters I cared about
that's classic Nolan oh he mate god save
Nolan and tip tip tip tip teatime
cheerio cheerio yeah no you know I read
uh not getting into any controversy
because written I don't know about
anything but I also read Squirrel Girl I
think those are fun books they're
adorable
that Squirrel Girl you're that you are
the only one that doesn't read comics
but no I think squirrel girls great I
miss Marvel's the book that I read the
most just because I think that's the
closest I will get to to that classic
spider-man feeling underdog I love me I
love me a good underdog story rich my
ass kicked and then repeat yeah but also
Archer and I'm strong I'm still reading
still enjoying that Jesus he's good at
kicking my ass I think you have to roll
like 20% more bombs were doing nothing
yes well you know I think the bombs were
doing really good he had like little
henchmen guys your bombs were good at
taking out the little hinge minutes done
from dumb for not using my health potion
bed oh sure oh shit like that over time
I'm sure I don't I have not read an
issue where Miss marvel was pregnant so
I don't know about that what someone is
saying wasn't miss Marvel pregnant in an
issue miss Marvel is a is a teenager
teen pregnancy is an issue they were
doing it they were doing a special issue
and it was an alien and the alien was
taking over her body it was a whole
thing not that I remember
I don't recall her being pregnant
oh you mean the old Miss Marmol yes the
old Miss Marvel is a sieve there's many
Miss marbles the the person who is now
captain rival Miss Marple the person
with the person who is now Captain
Marvel formerly Miss Marvel was pregnant
with an alien an alien being that used
the pregnancy to rebirth himself into
this universe Oh extra he extra owed her
okay an alien X trode her and then fell
in love with her which is creepy it
turned into a whole thing sword did the
blood ran out oh that was a died yeah I
was ready he died Jesus doesn't feel
like last run it feels like this run but
I guess it wasn't it was not to be
Jack's explanation sounds less stupid
when he mentioned extra oh well that's
true it's what happened he brainwashed
her and used her body to birth him into
this dimension but he was also in love
with her but then he kidnapped her and
if I remember correctly like she was an
Avenger at that point whoa why did it
happen why do they happen how did you do
that what do you have to do kill all
enemies and make it to the exit without
getting hit you have 1 minute and 47
seconds
good doing good
what all right what what did that I
maybe you had something to do with I'll
be right back all right sit down here
yeah it was
save your life once
you're a shot
for any layman all right
nothing much ever okay no that means the
skiving squirrel girl is a great book
someone doesn't like Squirrel Girl or
she was good but now she's in whatever
welcome to death fuck him come to death
dad
tickle the monster is a ladder you can
unlock by beating the elite Archer on
the second stage alright so after you
beat the elite Archer so you can start
tickling ladders
you and 4,000 other people agree crazy
that Marvel sells what no remember that
was the whole Marvel controversy book is
they're selling less books now or
they're selling less whatever physical
books but they're selling more digital
books because you know that's the thing
that exists now but no one likes buying
physical media anymore but they're doing
well in the digital market and really
the amount of books they sell doesn't
matter because they're ebooks now are
nothing but test markets for future
movies or TV properties so that Marvel
doesn't care about books anymore that's
true yeah they care about they care
about pilot episodes for their movies
and TV properties
that's all they really care about Oh
secret discovered Texas panhandlers is
rich what no it doesn't say rich at all
it says Star Trek the motion picture is
a great flick and worthy of a review
it's a fantastic sci-fi story with Star
Trek trappings it's definitely a
favorite Star Trek movie for me okay
I like Star Trek the motion picture yeah
is that your favorite no Star Trek
movies anything overall or at the Khans
a better movie mm-hmm I know you're fond
of the motion picture it's in the spirit
of Star Trek weird science thing
discovery unknown what's out there you
know yeah now we got to blow up the
thing
do I need to get all on the digital
train now everyone's on the digital
train now Wow most people are on the
digital train every once in a while I
miss I miss not having like a physical
book you know every once in a while it's
like oh right I would like to turn
actually physically turn pages but but
then I just remember that I have
everything I could ever want on you know
a computer or an iPad I can have every
piece of entertainment ever made on my
phone at this exact moment so I'm gonna
be okay with not having to physically
turn pages
let's see here brick Yeager says hi rich
didn't see it regards see what regards
to what that's it it says hi rich didn't
see it regards what brick Yeager said
this yeah and it regards is one word do
you know any do you know anything about
it regards no great that's all I got so
I got an anonymous is hey rich hey hey
yo okay that's a fun jokey comment about
you and anime how do you forget it
alright it's a fun joke comment about
you and animated let's see here ali raza
says hi jack if you like kung fu hustle
you should watch god of cookery
it's an early Stephen Chow film Kung Fu
meets Iron Chef it's our Thanksgiving
tradition and as always thanks for the
shirt ok yeah I like Stephen Cho he's
the guy that kung fu hustle and Shaolin
Soccer and the good the bad the weird I
think he did a kids movie too right did
he do it he did a kids movie I could use
use the potion oh not yet oh I had the
heart this room permanently gives you
the ability to grow Klima believe Ines
tickle tickle
you've you've got the the achievement
tickle tickle rich you got you got the
tick there we go there you go nice nice
job well done
not really what shit are we done
well shittily done you mean basically
your ass got saved by a magic item what
but you've got that magic item in the
first place oh you know that's good on
you paid for it oh okay so you so you
know part finding it part paying for it
so so you you bought the win I earn the
money by killing monsters you're like
the Yankees of this game yeah you bought
the victory congratulations are you
making a baseball joke I did make a
baseball job what I don't disapprove but
I find that I find that unusual it's an
unusual behavior it's unusual behavior
for me absolutely but I think it's it's
wildly known it's widely known that the
Yankees spend a lot of money on their
talent and so that's true I know I don't
know much about baseball but I know
that's the joke to be made so krojack
you're pro I do what I can
can I get done next
come on oh come on Oh 22 cells gone
I'm so sorry rich huh farted says hey
guys I've had the worst week at work I
came home opened YouTube and watched two
men debate on why one of them couldn't
snap their fingers thank you for giving
me a better perspective on life no but I
call that a debate I can't snap my
fingers I think I think I want an entire
video dedicated to to meet training you
on how to snap your fingers you say that
until you can snap your fingers and
realize how office awesome it is it's
great it's great just a snap all day
wrench you get arthritis huh you're
gonna get arthritis no you're gonna be
able to you're gonna be able to do some
anything you can go to the dance club
now and go to the dance nap along with
all the other with all the other hey
daddy-o's
yeah rich rich rich doesn't understand
the importance of snapping but I feel
like once he gets there as soon as he
snaps once he'll understand how cool it
is let's see we got here brick Yeager
says hi jack heads up for guarding 2d
glasses I don't see 3d because of health
issues and the 3d movies still look like
shit they they often apparently if you
use the 2d glasses they often make the
background blurry in efforts to boost
the stereoscopic 3d effects ah shit I
just gotta wait till they stop making
those dumbass 3d movies hate them they
look like garbage somebody's fall safe
from any height
test it out yeah I could never do that
like rich can't snap his fingers I can't
do the whistle where you put your
fingers in your mouth have you ever been
able to do that it's it's always
fascinated me how people can do that
I've also never spent any large amount
of time trying to do that so maybe I
could what the big broadsword god damn
it give me a nice sword nope
let's see here future future J says in
your story about being in the same
theater for spider-man it was mentioned
that Mike hurried off to avoid being
recognized in public is there a story
behind this for Mike no he just wants to
be left alone yeah that's the story it's
great story so he was uncomfortable when
they just shockingly shy about that yeah
I mean he barely likes talking to us can
you imagine someone else yeah also I
know it's it's important to go and film
the episode as soon as you're out of the
movie so you can start editing it right
away to get it up as soon as humanly
possible and so I'm sure that was the
other part of him was if I get caught up
talking to you guys I'm we're not gonna
be able to start filming as soon as I
would like
and you never really want to talk about
the thing you're gonna talk about on
film before you start filming or else
you might say something really funny and
wasted that yeah magic moment that you
could have on camera because you know we
don't have scripts like that well that's
the thing is I kind of you know if you
if you have a funny thing to say or if
you have an insightful thing to say or
just something that that'll get a
reaction out of the other person you
never want to waste that reaction
off-camera

[Part II]
dr. strong Esquire says from New Zealand
but close oh the guy who said mates also
wanted to ask if you've heard of the
Green River Killer graphic novel just
read it and loved it true detective
vibes highly recommend thanks again true
detective season one nice if it's so
nice so many dead ones I called Green
River Killer I'll look into that pause
for looking into the Green River Killer
do-do-do-do-do
we'd favor Kaler graphic novel don't
look up just the regular Green River
Killer has done that you know great
Green River Killer graphic novel thanks
for the recommendation I'm just gonna
can I just get a documentary on the
actual Green River Killer probably yeah
you could probably do that bit more my
taste okay I'm sure one exists I'm sure
we could get Joe pilato for an episode
of anything over here would we be able
to put up with Joe Pilato
let's see here nonsense in a bag says
hey folks good to catch streaming did
you already see or talk about valerian
otherwise I wanted to say thanks for
doom I thought I hated first-person
shooters but I really enjoyed doom no
problem
fuck yeah I do plan on seeing valerian I
really liked Luke Bessel I have not seen
it yet the city of a thousand planets Oh
it seems powerful now villarin he'll do
fine I'm sure it had a pretty meager
budget and remember valerian is not a
Hollywood film is a French film
Bhati desecrated fuck you what's the
what's the budget for valerian hold on
let's take a listen let's take a little
look up here you're not even on the
charts you're not even on the charts
valerian
let's take a look here we didn't release
her box office mojo let's see here
decent production ok villarin has a
production budget of a hundred and
seventy seven million decent but small
and so far as has grossed the over sixty
million so it's probably gonna make its
money back we'll see yeah like The Sixth
Sense it could be a cold darling leader
in fact a lot like the Fifth Element
right that's what I was talking about
you said The Sixth Sense oh I meant I
meant the film yes Fifth Element was a
gained a cult following later in its
tonight
I remember double the budget for
marketing and what I meant was that was
a relatively small budget for a you know
for a blockbuster
is that true spider-man homecoming was
175 million Oh
shocked you with a champion yeah cuz
that's I'm saying that 177 is relatively
small budget for a blockbuster sad if
that's true dreamer yeah it won't hurt
my feelings if it no I know what I
should do but I don't care our house
fine I want a broadsword and due to a
how to go kills like if it flops it
flops that doesn't it won't affect my
life in any way if it flops in fact if
it flops it'll probably come to
video-on-demand sooner so I can see it
easier so then it actually makes my life
slightly easier if it flops
you're not using your big sword
no you mix it up all right
the checkers meant to be seen in the
theater and you know sometimes I don't
get out to the pier aimless Corsair says
but rich what if you never learn to snap
your fingers
how will you let hip coffee loving
beatniks know that you approve of their
beat poem and Bongo playing oh I don't
fucking hippies they're not hippies
they're beatniks relatives are the
hippies I don't they like anti hippie I
thought the beatniks and the hippies
didn't get along I don't think this is
the thing no this is not a thing no I
don't think that's the thing I thought
they were I thought they were warring
factions no warring factions how you
chose to phrase that I'm a wordsmith I I
think you're I think you are extremely
wrong in this matter sir I you know what
I'm just gonna have to live with the
head I'm gonna have to live with my lack
of understanding of the of the
interpersonal relationships between
beatniks and hippies
Thank You Tiberius that's helpful
may he die beerus is making hack bot say
things about how wrong I am about things
secrets
Oh
hippies vs. beatniks does sound like a
great b-movie yes there's only so much
marijuana in the town and so the hippies
have to fight the beatniks for the last
of the pot drugs wrote this yes and they
turned violent because they can't get
their pot drugs you know you write it
from the perspective of like an
ultraconservative
and and then you got yourself the
makings for a fine movie actually I
really like that I really like that is
that that would make for a great like
Mockbee movie nowadays
that's it sold make the movie now three
whole marijuana's hey man there's only
three marijuana's left in all of the
town drug man whoa
peace brother we can like share it
amongst ourselves let me hold on to it
for ocean this boat does explode sorry I
encouraged something new that's all
right and I didn't know what it did
apparently it explodes that's why man
you do you well let's see here huh
farted says Hagen have you ever played
the old PC game heretic no I've heard of
it I'm familiar with it okay
as a kid I wanted to play Doom but my
mom didn't like guns so I convinced her
to buy this instead a doom clone that
uses ones to kill dissent for some
reason I've never played heretic I'm I
know what it is that's an elite rich
yeah I know it's something I'm trying to
kill it there's a lot of damage because
it's a lead it's an elite yeah I'm gonna
give this one more gold then do you want
to give it a try sure all right sure hey
ro take the doom clone with wands much
like what was that was that first person
shooter rogue like that I was playing
that was that was up yeah that's that's
heretic zero not Z is equal to rats
zigu rot yeah cool what's your favorite
movie there's so many good movies some
question because there's not one answer
that's the thing
there are many movies that are very
important to me I would I would rank
clerks as a movie that is very important
to me because it led me on my path of
video production and and love of
independent film so clerks is a very
important movie to me I don't know if
it's my favorite movie
problem child 2 there's there's lots of
movies that I really enjoy
Jurassic Park would be up there as just
a movie that I could probably watch a
Jurassic Park at any moment and be happy
with it yeah ok with Jurassic Park ok
nonsense in a bag
oh and wants me to sing this Jack is
optimistic rich cheese soup person Nick
cull Jack can snap his fingers but rich
snaps hippies clavicles what a waste of
finding improvement well if you had an
item that had a cool-down
you'd be a great item I'll take extra
damage or health any day any day
I like clerks the first time I saw it I
haven't been able to sit through it
again just remember at the time at the
time there was nothing like clerks and I
mean Kevin Kevin Smith's whole shtick
just opened up a whole new world of oh
my god I could do that if that jackass
could do it anyone can was already doing
it huh was already doing it not
succeeding Oh No
like I was already making videos okay
but he made a successful video rich yeah
he got paid to do it
and then you just go oh oh wait a minute
I could do this this is a thing that I
could do like forever that was the power
of clerks at the time
so you're saying Kevin Smith is
responsible for the awful content
creator Renaissance we're going through
now absolutely because not only that not
only did Kevin Smith it was he that what
he was the figurehead of the independent
filmmaking scene he then was a pioneer
in podcasting and and gibbering
nonsensically for hours head heads
that's everything that we're seeing
right now Kevin Smith was doing 15 years
ago
clerks ooh is great yeah you know what I
I'll defend a lot of Kevin Smith's
movies especially his movies that kind
of are more autobiographical the movies
that that tell you know where where he
is at the time clerks 2 is the fine
movie fine movie heartfelt I can I can
even I can even justify Jersey girl
Jersey girl just you know story trying
to figure out Parenthood Oh mall riots
is great mall rats is just bear trap
bear trap I'll take that
don't take that but did see Randall
didn't want to do clerks to the the
story the story with did he have better
things to do no he was just really upset
with with moviemaking the moviemaking
industry the actor who played Randall
after clerks became a success the actor
who played Randall really thought that
he was owed something because he was
detrimental to these success alright and
so maybe he got a little ego maybe you
know like he tried to branch out on his
own do you know he thought he thought he
was a bigger deal in the movie well see
a friend of Kevin Smith's he was a local
actor Wow not necessarily a friend not
like Jason here
no oh god that guy's slime bag
right well yeah you know he's so he was
an actor but but so after what Oh
interesting
bear traps bear traps helpful their trap
strats Oh what did I say that tremendo
instrumental yes he was instrumental in
sorry I did I misspoke
he was instrumental in the success of
clerks and so he thought he was owed
something after the success good actor
would I saving you baby maybe oh no
bother like his he makes he's what makes
clerks clerks absolutely oh maybe you
were right you know I can oh sorry no I
I was being serious you can't joke about
clerks rich it's a comedy it's a comedy
but no he's his comedies what helped is
what helped make clerks clerks but in
any case after he didn't get what he
thought he had coming to him he left the
industry disillusioned and you know got
a regular job yeah and according to him
like like he couldn't for a while he
couldn't go anywhere like he said he
couldn't wear a baseball cap backwards
you know like he couldn't just dress
normally because he'd have people
hounding him constantly because he was
Randall and so then when Kevin Smith
wanted to make clerks to and bring
Randall back you know the actor said no
way I'm done I'm done with this all I'm
Kevin Smith really had to convince him
to come back for clerks to
frankly you shouldn't wear baseball cap
backwards anyway and that's true and
that's absolutely true but I can
understand where he was coming from he
was out he was out he didn't want to do
it again Kevin Smith brought him back oh
my god but and for the good folks to his
very good movie very good movie digger
blue but he did do yes he did do clerks
to Kevin Smith convinced him to come
back mostly because of if you saw clerks
to that look that a little end scene in
the jail is apparently the the scene
that convinced him to come back and do
it just the nd I mean do the ending in
general it's a it's a very it's a very
good movie about being true to your self
spot in Santo
I'm so confused what do you do in this
game this you you've run around and you
beat things up and you don't die that's
the the most important thing in this
game is you try not to dive but you jump
around and you hit things with your
swords and stuff we don't really know if
there's a point to the game yet like if
there's anything you're going for except
for just to continue not to die but yes
you press X not to die any other movies
that have a really personal meaning for
you don't waste a lot of time looking
for meaning you know like I could
probably I could probably or there would
probably be an argument for something
like Evil Dead or more importantly Evil
Dead 2 because that's the movie everyone
sees first where Evil Dead 2 was
probably the first movie that I saw were
I where I got it I got the whole like
movies are
I don't want to say like movies are art
but like that's when that's kind of the
movie that got me into movies that yes
maybe it was funny it was weird it was
interesting I wanted to know more about
the director and I wanted to know more
about like the behind the scenes
production of movies in general after
watching Evil Dead 2 rich I'm talking
you can't keep fighting
fuck Wow Wow ah those elite enemy sock
died after all that too weak it's all
it's all for nothing jack such is life
rich such is life
what are you what are your abilities the
bear trap the bear yeah yeah you gotta
come on man let's see we got here
anonymous says thank you guys for
entertaining us for three years I have
traveled across Australia Korea Canada
and this can be lonely when you first
arrive listening to you can take my mind
off things keep it up thank you for
watching honest we appreciate it
good travels happy travels safe travels
how do you get internet all these places
violation red plug maybe you're not
going like today for the wasteland but
still great
and let's see here gas can prime says
don't ever stop being you that's kind of
impossible to stop being me I wouldn't
worry about it I also don't stop
believing so even if I couldn't snap I
wouldn't snap for that I just don't want
anyone in stopping believe and that's
all I know
that's all I know rich streetlight no I
don't know if that's the word wait wait
there's a there's a hidden thing maybe
feeling
golde golde the chat is reminding you
use your bear traps that's very helpful
yeah man this this you know you need
what you need one of those heal by
killing perks those are always helpful
in these kinds of situations three
health points left phenomenal I'm saying
that it's phenomenally tense rich you're
doing so poorly that it's filling me
with dread
oh my god Jack you must be seeing true
oh my god you only have one health point
left okay you know what I was seeing you
guys can't see this because our screen
is covered up he must be on level three
there's a three-way at the end but you
only have one health point left rich no
I'm gonna be fine
actually yeah yeah great great
I figure out where I'm spending my money
twenty two cells you could get some shit
here there's yeah there's a threeway on
the left side of the health bar so rich
must be at level three I assume you
can't see it because our cameras you
should get a full heal here if it's like
the other one oh you did it rich you're
doing great define great you're making
it further than you've made it that's
the amount of Health upgrades I think
that could be mm-hmm so that's where I
saw the three over there and assumed
that tell metell fee I'd left not seeing
it was quite low you had one rich I know
that was one hour I was way lower than I
was assuming the ramparts
praise the Sun yes praise the Sun
Jeffrey says I would tip you guys but
I'm poor I'm going to use my Prime
membership to subscribe to you guys keep
up the good work that's that's fine
that's fine
anything anything even just being here
and watching and being in chat helps
immensely we're not here to pressure you
we you know we I got asked about about a
bits and whether or not we were gonna
try out the bits and I said you know I'm
waiting until there's a little more
demand for bits if people like demand
that we use bits if not I don't want to
woo a hammer that's a jack weapon that's
a jack weapon I don't wanna I don't want
to clutter up chat with the bits yet
because we already do the tips and if we
do the tips and bits and the chat and
all the other fun stuff it gets a little
much so we're no bits yet I also got an
email from someone who is starting up a
a service let me tell you what the
premise of this business is rich and
tell me how you would have responded to
this oh that was nice Oh was that a one
hint oh that's why hammers are great
weapon damage increased shield
a bad guy go squished now yes I like
that okay so here's the premise we got
an email over at the prereq account and
the premise behind this business that
there's this person an enemy or denied
killing civilian yeah both rich he said
he's starting up a new service where our
viewers instead of tipping us directly
would either watch a series of
advertisements or have to do something
but it wouldn't cost them any money but
we would get money from it and he said
it's an exciting new opportunity to you
know engage with viewers who maybe don't
have the means to give you any money and
you know like wanted to know if we as
streamers would want to get in on the
ground floor of this business and I said
that actually sounds like a pain in the
butt for our viewers to make to make
them jump through hoops just so we could
earn a little extra money I would rather
they not give us any money and just
watch you know
a good cotton cribs I'll take it I've
been on channels where you can watch
commercial certain bits to tip with yes
that's that's basically the premise is
you as the viewer would have to like do
something and then we would get a little
bit of money and I said that that
doesn't sound like a really good deal
for our viewers at all no I I was gonna
use my heel right after I took care of
him that was a fun that really was yeah
yeah yeah I think it's like surveys and
stuff like that they're basically
they're basically you guys would have to
jump through a bunch of Hoops and we
would earn a little bit of money and it
sounded to me like too much of a pain in
the ass for you and what made it extra
worse is this person sent me an email
and you know giving me the the rundown
on on the business and I ignored it
because it didn't seem like something I
would want I thought it might have been
spam like you know just send that out to
every streamer that sounds scammy
yeah yeah also scamming so I ignored it
then they sent a second email just going
hey wanted to make sure that you've got
this big opportunity big opportunity
opportunity big opportunity and again I
ignored it because it was something that
I was uninterested in they then sent me
a third email like basically replying to
their own email just going hey really
want some feedback on this you know
what's what's going on let's talk about
this and so then I got back to them just
saying that I don't think it's a good
idea I would it wouldn't be a good fit
for us it sounds like I would I would be
making my audience jump through hoops
and more so I was hoping you were taking
my
my lack of interest here as a no but no
just a huge no so this is what they
teach in marketing yep I know you're
they're supposed to but he just wanted
huh he was a closer yeah but he wanted
some coffee it was a hard sell but it
was just one of those things where I
know a lot of people are trying to
figure out this the next the next big
way to make money on streams and and I
do I do think about you I think about
you guys and I don't want to make things
terrible for you and so that's why when
it comes to bits right bumper when it
comes to bits and tips and and all that
malarkey
I think things over I think things over
a lot and and you know if you got if
bits if bits are something you guys
think you would like you know let me
know so what we got here oh I have ammo
ammo
climb the wall to the left how do i oh
shit how do you roll very there's the
roll hello secret discovered quick bow
someone told me to do oh yeah you didn't
see that he's neat well someone told me
to if you climb the wall to the left so
that wasn't my discovery how come Jack
doesn't care about standing up anymore
Jack's health has been generally
deteriorating I know I know it does
but it also means I don't care I don't
give two hot darns about it oh I've been
eating like garbage gaining weight all
sorts of things
gotta get got to get back on that health
trend back on it and it's gonna happen
too soon maybe not I don't know no I'm
still not opening Jack I notice final
boss I'm gonna be flippers something all
right
okay good doing good
I love the kicking you know you can open
the door or you can kick it the fuck
down you can stun an enemy behind the
door to keep it down oh yeah no that's
doing the same thing earlier on ah
chicken eat it up eat it up chicken you
would be surprised how keeping a barbell
next to your computer and using it while
stuff loads helps is an interesting idea
maybe doesn't do much for the cardio
gotta get my bike fixed both tires are
flat how old was this bike no it's brand
new
yeah yeah you got screwed man where'd
you buy this thing well so what happened
was that the tube of the back wheel
inexplicably like popped on the scene so
it's a bad tube yeah got it fixed and
actually the the bike repair shop was
really nice about it like all day
they've repaired it he's busy and now
the same thing happened to the front
tire and so the manufacturer of this
bike just had some fault the tubes but
once I get the tubes repaired
it'll be fine happen jack yeah but if
they fix it again that happened no cuz
though well let's see other tire so yes
you have a tire so you know learn we're
not part of our current GE if they if
they charge me for the second tire then
absolutely that's what happened okay
but if they're like yeah we sold you it
we sold you a lemon we'll fix you up
here then I'm gonna trust them for now
if it counts as a movie that would be DB
Cooper versus Bigfoot is the worst movie
I've seen if it counts as a movie barely
if that doesn't count as a movie it
things now if you insist your the movie
has to have a at least something of a
budget sure
then it's Star Wars Episode two attack
of the clones when relative to its
budget is the worst film ever made
sure never never before is a movie spent
that much and been that awful in every
conceivable way right I can spit bombs
wow I thought one was worse than two
what is the most coherent alright that's
the broadsword up there The Phantom
Menace is the most coherent prequel
movie it is the closest to making sense
out of any of them to is just a hot
fucking mess
oh not through walls ah
all right I can get down with this it
once coherent but has Jack all to do
with anything what happens in attack of
the clones what happens there
you don't need any of those movies begun
the clone war has
so what venomous to find Anakin there
that's the thing that happens that's a
that's a progression no matter which
movie you look at help it seems plot
makes no sense yeah you're a I mean
you're absolutely right
Oh Star Wars no is there a worse
on-screen romance than Padme and AD can
attack of the clones no the things he
says to her the fact that she knew him
when he was a kid is there any
relationship in any movie that's more
unintentionally creepy ah no no that's
super creepy okay
unintentionally yes because you know in
Lucas's head like you know I mean he's a
hero and she's the girls love just
ruined your life they have to they have
to love each other absolutely this has
nothing to do with me worst romance then
in that McGinty incest tomb raiding
knock off white fire yes yes I'm gonna
say yes did McGinty murder a bunch of
children and then brag about it
afterwards and was she okay and was she
okay did the prostitute who look like
McGinty's sister was she okay was bad
after work you know she would have been
like what the fuck dude like I was okay
with with this whole you know incest
thing but geez killing kids ain't cool
by fire
mist it says guys guys I see the very
cool shirts are sold out will there be
more available soon stay tuned yeah I
believe there will be there will be more
available soon so I don't I don't know
exactly one but I know that's that's
thing that's going to happen I just
don't know when like that scroll just oh
you found the hammer I think it's it
seems weaker probably not as high a
level what if I was like level four yeah
alright well but now I can buy the
scroll of power and choose to power up
my weapon that's true no you're
neglecting health it's that's a strategy
I'm not saying it's bad one I'm if hey
if they're dead they can't hurt me okay
okay that's my that's my mad strats
say look at that was one hit with the
sword Gold favorite movie romance I'd
have to think about it I could probably
think of multiple ones favorite movie
romance Natalie Portman and Mila Kunis
in and in the Black Swan comic books
this the scarlet and Snake Eyes count
Shh anything counts
oh you have to get to him before I can
go oh I oh oh I get to choose I can go
to the toxic sewers or the promenade of
the condemned once again not a movie Jim
and Pam from the office that's pretty
that's pretty fun romance adorable yeah
adorable romance yes these things
probably work better in TV shows because
the romances have time you can develop
like a real romance would and not you
know we met at an exploding building and
now here we are and now 60 minutes later
we're in love you saved my life I love
you you saved my life and I love you
it's probably easier to find good TV
romances I'm gonna say oh absolutely
what was I was watching a really fun a
really funny video called born sexy
yesterday yeah and it was all about this
idea kind of like in the fifth element
or in splash or in my stepmoms an alien
about like the beautiful woman who's
naive to the ways of man and so she just
finds a schlub and is immediately in
love with the schlub because all of his
ordinary things are endearing to her
mm-hmm and I was like oh what a funny
concept all these movies written by
schlubs like oh no then the beautiful
woman runs into a normal man and the
normal man's exciting to her I thought
that was funny Natural Born Killers but
all honesty very good people but it's
not the question that's that's true love
there you go okay goodbye Princess Bride
here's the well here's the princess
pride is great yeah but they kind of
start the movie deeply in love so you
don't get to see the relationship grow
right you know what's not the point
though even in fantasy right right it's
children's fantasy story parity kind of
thing so how about like a when Harry Met
Sally oh yeah yeah classic there's
schmaltz but it's classic classic
schmaltz that's a good relationship
story can you play a real game no is is
this fun go fuck yourself
trying to think of a romance of like in
a movie and I it's not happening it's
not happening jack smash so for now I
don't have any quick weapons I have to
slow strong weapons at the moment first
ten minutes of up oh yeah started on
that a great movie that whole movies
great that whole movies great but movie
great movie I get you know what's a
great romance especially cuz she doesn't
really remember any of it
but it actually is a really good
romantic tale why because because one of
one of the downfalls of Bill Murray in
that movie is him trying so hard to
figure out what it is she wants when all
she wants is him to be you know what not
be adjourned all she wants is him to be
comfortable with himself and as soon as
he's comfortable with himself and stops
being so concerned about what she wants
that's when she falls in love right it's
all about her falling in love with him
not him forcing it so there's kind of a
good romance line in there but also
could be construed as incredibly creepy
because you know he basically stalks her
madam says hey Jack
my straight bullets is an other
wonderful graphic novel series to check
out sorry to further overwhelm you with
yet another recommendation awesome is
this game like dark souls / Castlevania
mixed cheers and not a bad description
yeah Dark Souls ish there you know
there's no counter plus where you get
the meets Castlevania part Jack oh right
I get that dick even has an electric
whip
yeah but so the opening on that shield
the defense the the window yeah it's so
small to use health potions left bumper
hold it down you only get one do you
refill unless you finish buying unless
you finish buying it from that one guy
then you'll get two I've been putting
points into it it started it like 50 and
it's about ten away I put more into it I
put eleven into it so you have the two
no no okay
it's gotta be close but I noticed that
you put some into it yeah
and I said that seems like a fine
investment
that's the case why don't you guys just
place lane back from hell
I recommend that game last recommend to
that game last Sunday and has more of a
classic Castlevania style gameplay plus
a great heavy metal soundtrack mmm
sounds thinking about I like it um this
is what we're playing oh sorry man
rich got any tums I don't know you have
any original jokes suck it you have a
creative bone in your body down rich
it's hard to come up with new things
rich did you play blood or Shadow
Warrior back in the day here's the thing
back in the original the original doom
days like the years shortly after doom
first came out okay my computer could
barely run doom
I couldn't expand at that time sure like
like from doom to around the time of
quake 2 I was kind of fucked for new
games cuz I had to run doom like it was
it was only smooth if I put it on like
this you know you could shrink the
screen size yeah I was why I was playing
doom 1 like a screen the size of a
postage stamp
I had nothing but heads-up display in
this little tiny window you didn't even
know you were fighting demons I thought
I was fighting red boogers this whole
time for a while I didn't have any other
options I missed a lot of those older
shooters after doom didn't you have
friends with better computers no deaf
fireworks sounds like a tommy gun yay
seriously serious question the rich when
did you actually realize you're wrong
about the tonnes festival thing and what
was your reaction hi checked right after
the show and I wasn't like horrified
uh-huh one what I what I did that I
figured you know I'm wrong it'll just be
a really funny bit absolutely so you got
to go home with if I'm right I get to
lord it over J if I'm wrong it's a funny
bit so I wasn't like I wasn't like
horribly upset when I found out I was
wrong say oh well that sucks
right if rich was bright they would have
just cut the bed yeah I didn't I tried
to hit that guy first I got it you gotta
hit the dummy first I get it now I get
their jib now it's totally sealed twelve
minutes ago wow I'm super late fine I
don't want to open you anyway
okay Bob that was nice nope nope nope I
don't think you're under any obligation
to actually fight them fight who Oh any
of the guys yeah all right it's just
probably you know you give the coin
right yeah when I saw a real bad spot
like that I just sort of run away and it
seemed to be working for me
sure except for chicken dinner nice nice
nice
yeah that's like that's a Castlevania
reference oh of course
plastic you know what classic wall
chicken right there classic wall chicken
shit
I do want role to be in a different
place are we ever going to do another
Neal Breen movie well my way we'd have
done it already
I am my way rich both rich and I
separately and individually have tried
to talk Jay and Mike into doing another
Neil Breen episode sooner I think it's
time yes oh it's no it's past time I
can't argue too much I let last episode
turned out really good oh yeah it's past
time I think they're more open to the
idea now mmm than they were in the past
watch fateful thought not until we do it
in an episode yep we have to watch them
live on Kent well you know on camera
live on pre-record
game child you cases in f13 I'm sorry to
say I will pick up keys left by a car
and I have had to sacrifice people for
Jason to kill so I could get away in the
four-seater alone I don't feel good
about it but it's still funny that's the
game that's the game
what's down there happy some down there
right hey you what happens to be smashed
into the ground
Oh down and the jump button again right
right there's something down there
though maybe over here there's something
over here there's no way to see shit see
that's why I wanted to see where I was
jumping down to
I don't think you take damage on the
fall if you do the the smash down though
yeah but there are spikes oh yeah don't
wait that's never good
oh no Jack's gonna dive spikes yep roll
roll
oh I did okay we're fine I want to see
you die I'm doing pretty good for my
first time through good feel pretty good
actually I'm just feeling good about
this game in general well it's a good
one
this uh this combat is incredibly its
tight it's tight and this smashing feels
great
I feel like I'm smashing some bitches
with my hammer and I love it just you
know this hammer stuns them for a little
bit so just like the hammer sword combo
it would be great if I had a faster
weapon I have not found a faster one I
mean I had to replace the broadsword
yeah a sturdy shield you could check out
that stunning action for that parrying
action you don't want that broad
originally you don't want that sword
anyway right swap it for the shield and
then if you don't like the shield you're
already looking for a faster weapon
right
did you guys play the breath of the wild
dlc that challenged dungeon oh wow I was
so excited to go back for a challenge
dungeon thing I didn't care
oh no see I should do the broadsword I
might care once all of the DLC is done
then I'll get my my other play through
that game done all at once all right
look at this
so broadsword does that do 329 damage or
does it have 329 damage that seems like
a high number right and The Nutcracker -
the second version of the hammer has 233
damage damages you see and the shield
has a hundred and eight damage I don't
know what any of these things mean I'm
no problem I am no pro right and so you
know here's the thing your hammer is
much faster than your broadsword and it
stands higher level and it stuns right
but I think it does less damage is what
I'm worried about I'm worried I think
the hammer does less damage and so then
if I have the shield that does no damage
in the hell is less the slash that's
damage per second boom
okay so if I can get two swings of my
hammer how does the she'll do damage per
second
I poisons okay okay I will give this a
try I can always come back to the sword
probably Gabe Lee says I used to be a
pepto guy but after that infamous
episode I got a bottle of tums simply to
amuse my roommate but I soon found it
works so well I actually sleep better at
night after eating shitty food yep
look I've I've had I've had indigestion
issues my entire life even when I was a
kid oh yeah I would get horrible
heartburn and my options are an
expensive invasive surgery or I could
just eat this one cent chalk tablet that
takes care of the problem
shit you only had heard from one time
and holy balls did it suck yeah at a
situation where I haven't had any kind
of indigestion medicine and I've I've
been in an area where there were like no
stores opened late oh good I'm not not
at home I'm traveling yeah there's
nothing you can do and it's horrible I
hate I hate to see already I hate it
yeah cuz they're white the window you
get is so so low yeah and those simple
enemies are wind up for their attack is
like a minute long oh but the swords so
long away so far away
yeah the roll is way more effective yeah
oh god I got to find another weapon yeah
by the time I could block I could also
just hit them with my hammer maybe it'll
be really useful ones like stunning a
larger boss type enemy I don't know but
yeah here we go here we go I can
teleport oh yeah yeah maybe forgot about
the spikes routes
I forgot right about the spa I made some
bad decisions learning I learned a
lesson rich there was a teleport right
by the sword there was I thought that's
where he was going
I know better mundo wide you playing the
toy yeah yeah do you know what Rick just
I'm here we're playing games were
chatting about nonsense in a better mood
sometimes it's all you need little
nonsense little video games
Decius yeah Ian bum pose cute there seem
to be things you have found too ya know
like in the jars like more of them
appear when you find a new item oh yeah
oh oh I wonder if you get a special
prize if you find a ball maybe he just
looks Purdy
oh I keep forgetting I can't skip to the
end to see if they play Jason we
probably probably not tonight not the
same we're done playing that game
everything I did I did read that they
are working on DLC and new some new
content for the game which is very
exciting
exclusive for the retail copy so you
know fuck you if you bought the digital
version when it was the only one
available I'm sure they're working on
Vegas and business practices that I just
don't like sure they're working on some
other stuff too for you know regular
folk you know what I don't give any
fucks about that the banning controversy
oh and and as we found out like there is
no there's no controversy like someone
was being a dickhead and they got banned
well if you're if you are a griefing
trolling player in kind of an asshole
yeah aren't you gonna turn around and
say I was banned unfairly and all this
horseshit of course of course from from
from the second they started banning
people yeah did you not notice like a
dramatic increase in the quality of the
people you were playing with mhm yeah
oh sudden a sudden lack of griefing
jackasses right no and and it's just
like so many people on our Twitter we're
sharing that original story about like
the person who got unfairly banned
yeah they're like oh my god you can't
support you know like someone was
actually sick alling us to not support
the game anymore because they were
unfairly Valiant banning people how many
of those people then turned around and
let us know that they were fairly banned
how many think I'm sure a lot of people
still a dispute that it was fair though
zero politics of course because everyone
likes the idea of like the the devs
being bad guys and no one likes the idea
of a player being a dickhead
non-sensitive bags
you mentioned episode 2 as maybe the
worst unintentionally creepy bromance
yeah I submit clerks to as one of the
prettiest Rosario rosario Dawson and
Dante you two have any other cringe
movie romances in mind nah mind
what's wrong with rosario Dawson and
Dante Evans - I know she was fine but I
need to see clerks - I mean just because
she's incredibly attractive and he's
Dante was she playing herself no no she
was playing someone who worked at a fast
food chain like that doesn't make sense
what just just an incredibly attractive
person with that Dante he's not a he di
he's a schlub he's okay he's the
ultimate love that's his character
okay there's old characters that he's a
schlub is the ultimate love yeah but
they make it work I'm you know I believe
it
I believe it
I don't know what's that what's it say
what's it say you found a rare blueprint
magnetic grenade mm-hmm that's less
exciting a blueprint
anyone seen John Carpenter's vampires
the romance in that movie is hilarious
that movie so forgettable
I have seen it the only thing I can tell
you about it is dad what's-his-face
isn't it James Woods
oh yeah that's all I know that's all I
remember about the movies in it I think
he wears an overcoat like a vampire
hunter I think he wears an overcoat
official review by rich Evans
yeah you found that that's where I was
at one time the tree I want to make sure
I like I like you know opening up as
much of the level as I can so we're
gonna head back here any big dance
that's gonna take you to the the other
stage
oh yeah but look there's nice oh yeah no
no I'm not saying you should explore let
me explore it this is this is this is
how they branch yeah this is Michelle
Branch oh shit yeah cuz I'm exploring
here well it's not like I wasn't
exploring twin daggers
yes thank you
hello that's great that's a great weapon
I'm saying what the fuck I have never
seen bed bows it was a blueprint for
that bow it was it was a the blue the
wear whatever it is the blueprint I got
was for like a bow with infinite arrows
it looks pretty cool okay cool thing oh
my and I have a I have a thing a stun
grenade thing it's over there two
regular ghanaians warm cost you $1,000
to get him no my regular grenades up at
that door oh yeah see I didn't think
they were all that exciting but if you
want to play around with items I think I
do I think that's it that's gonna be the
key that's gonna be the key to a victory
victory hey Julie says hey guys first
time I've been able to see you guys
streamed live since you guys started a
bad time for me but I'm hoping to catch
more in the future keep up the good work
either way thank you much there's a
super good weapon blueprint hidden on
top of the start of the second level
you missed a hidden thing in the wall
there are rooms to give it away okay use
the room the room oh oh this is that one
thing I found on accident but I was just
dodging the challenge area okay new
challenge kill all the enemies and make
it to the exit without getting hit oh
that's not gonna happen
yep rolled right into it
I died on my first spike look at that
stupid shield nobody likes you shield
bitter traps
oh yeah those traps did you good oh and
I like my stun grenade too so we are
gonna buy the traps and I'm gonna get
rid of my grandma oh but the Garonne
odds do damage and the traps stunned
what's the recharge time grenades two
and a half seconds flashbang eight
second bamming on the grenade but like I
said larger enemy flashbang my D more
good yeah but I have the traps the traps
know like traps and flashbang are are
redundant item III all right is what I
is what I'm thinking I'm just pointing
out no brats I agree I agree and I'm
with you have you seen the new trailer
yeah what's so this is where I'm looking
for standard using all the boring tricks
I don't care about it and you can't make
me
I'm sorry the clown looks so much so
much so much so much less interesting
than Pennywise I never cared about it I
don't care about it I can't you can't
make me care about it I don't I'm sorry
the only thing I know about it is I
think something you told me about the
book of it where they have sex with the
little kids have sex to defeat the
monsters I'm done I don't damp they have
to decide the gangbang the
twelve-year-old girl right so they don't
get killed by the evil clown right and
so it's like and I'm good yeah I'm good
with it
you you know you can you got it I don't
care
is this really a thing this is what I've
been told by trustworthy sources who
have read the book I have no you have
not read the book no I have also not
read the book if that is a real thing
that happened like Mike told me this I
wouldn't believe it okay wait you forgot
to mention they did it in a sewer you
know that sounds like to me that sounds
like confirmation it sounds like
confirmation that this is a real thing
that happens in it Oh Stephen King his
heart was in the right place maybe all
right game child you busy
I beat vanquish based on your
recommendation pretty fun game for the
pretty game pretty fun game for twenty
dollars and aged well I think you're
right about story it didn't matter all
fun gameplay was surprised of ending
because I skipped movies only complaints
was segments where it forces you into
first-person HUD to walk around and when
Space Marines have jetpacks and when
they turn on you but it was only a small
thing great game Thanks another tune of
two if there was a split message I
almost read the last part - up - but
then what he's been strange and
confusing except that I almost read it
with that like you made it strange and
confusing oh there's somebody and
something at the tail end I'm not
supposed to read by not reading it
I'm glad you enjoyed it anything you can
get enjoyment out it's great Michael
Cote CA says hey Jack and rich
I always good to catch you two live rich
I'm surprised you or Mike didn't mention
how different Robert Muldoon was in the
Jurassic Park novel compared to the
movie
I shouldn't this when when would I be
mentioning I read that book but it was
so long ago I read that I read the book
from a movie came out everybody read
drastic park yeah like what did you have
a conversation about Jurassic Park did
you do a commentary no I think we did I
don't know I certainly don't know we did
a commentary we did a commentary did you
I think we did I think we did for other
people that's well yeah I bought the
commentary for me it's like was that a
commentary or was that just a random
conversation I had with Mike and Jay
Wright was it was that something we sold
to these abettor was that just the
converse is that just Tuesday night
right right
ice Granada
captain Muller says watching you play
this is rekindling my desire to play
Castlevania Symphony of the Night
I've never played any Castlevania game
have either of you played the
Castlevania series um I played the first
one I loved it when I was kid I played
the second one and hated it when I was a
kid and then I played the third one yes
alright and that was about it I played
the first one you know incredibly
frustrating difficult's game I actually
I and I I didn't come back to the series
oh pardon me wrong wrong pipe
I didn't come back to the series until
Symphony of the Night and I thought
those are those games were all right no
strong feelings about them either way
but I thought they were all right
the force awakens has rich slashed jack
yeah or your favorite arcade games in
the 90s during peak arcade popularity
I'm at that point I don't know that I
was going to the arcade very often you
had a NES and Super Nintendo there
wasn't there wasn't much point in 25
cents of play you know right right yeah
like and I I'd make it to an arcade
every once in a while but you know I
could I could spend you know five bucks
for an hour at the arcade or I could
rent a game at the video store right and
that was my weekend yeah for for half
the price for for a fifth of the price
like back in the day like a dollar
rental the local mom-and-pop video store
oh yeah and I mean I'd still make it to
arcades every once in a while I I always
loved the gun games like your time
crisis I love that one especially
because he gets a little foot pedal so
you can take cover
mm-hmm you know x-men the any-any
brawler x-men the arcade game had that
big six six player cabinet yeah the
beginning pre pre NES pac-man was my gym
no paper boy was sweet love paper boy
and then at the local local Showbiz
Pizza where the you know the infamous
Showbiz Pizza bear photo was taken a lot
of a lot of us kids had a birthday
parties sure I was quite fond of the
Super Mario Brothers arcade cabinet they
had great
oh I guess a on that wait spy hunter spy
hunter music I don't think I like the
game that much I remember Spy Hunter oh
my hand oh I can't get my hammer that's
too hard it was it was but it was fun
Shh had great music that Peter Gunn
theme which sounds so awesome when they
use it in The Blues Brothers
ah the Blues Brothers gonna get better
using my items hey look I can use items
Jack you've got to use the traps I mean
I I decided not to purchase the traps
this time because I have the ice bombs
which essentially you know which will
also stun enemies oh and I just got some
regular bombs so I just have to remember
in general to use items I'm not I'm not
remember so I'm trying to save my gold
and see if I can spend it later
oh shit oh shit oh shit would you guys
recommend this game I'm enjoying it yeah
yeah yeah so far this is an absolute Jam
saying ruin on the floor okay hold on
hold on hold on there so easy to miss
well they're saying a bit of delay so
it's probably further back keep going I
got this
brewing on the floor just just left so
we're saying left
just keep backtracking know where you
came from came from this direction at
the ledge on the ledge up there there
Oh ha ha thank you challenge ed thank
you challenge area never we could never
do it without you we wouldn't get this
two seconds of oh my god I'm not gonna
I'm not gonna make it now Wow you wait
on the weight on the one ledge you climb
up your weight no because they were
gonna come down either side of you
yeah there it was about to come down I
needed to crawl up you were up no I hit
for the one on the head to jump right I
hit the jump button
don't hit the jump up too late I hit the
jump button let's see if this shit does
Travis your hammer I have to I have to
fast swords at the moment so you don't
want your your hammer you just want to
keep the faster all right look at so
much damage alright
I can't I can't follow him I thought
you're gonna try the stun though with
the fast that'd be great
I just want to see what this amulet does
damage reduction by 10% their Nutcracker
too
it's only - what are you levels on the
stuff you game one and two you you do
you the balance played does 260 damage
per second and it can do super rapid
strikes
that's fine jet I'm not telling you what
to do no I'm yeah I'm thinking someone
says you want the amulet with +2 all
stats then if you have the whore and X
cube you can boost its stats with the
right items well now this is the Topaz
amulet which just gives me damage
reduction okay
okay but I'm sure they're saying like oh
you only have one amulet at a time right
alright so and I don't want that amulet
but maybe I want the hammer is anybody
in the chat so somebody's saying the
hammer is kind of crap yeah I like the
hammer cuz it stuns but I also have
bombs for that I'm just gonna save my
money that's fine strat
we're gonna see if we can buy something
later on cuz I mean I'm already killing
people pretty efficiently at this one at
the moment
okay I think I want to go to the sewers
I think I went to the promenade last
time so let's go to the sewers top six
sewers it's tons but - damage to
yourself is rough with slow attack does
it do damage to yourself is that what
the hammer does well she didn't look oh
I wanted to confirm that sorry it seems
that seems weird like who would go for
that that was a nice strap hey headache
strats I didn't lose anything
all right let's see yeah this is this
the one that gives you human potion -
yes we can good what do you need to
unlock the next healing potion one
that's gonna unlock them all right okay
they're just curious see here Spartan
sandals kicks victims backwards and
interrupts their attacks that that's
could be that's that's could be fun
that's yeah you know what we can get
sandals let's get the sandals why not
I'll get some sandals probably an item
you have to find yeah we got it some
great so great yeah this one okay
no no here it is great are we going to
have more guests on our internet
programs that's really up to anybody who
wants to be a guest right right oh
that's a that that goes in is a weapon
well that's yeah that's just so like
kick them you know this is all you I'm
not telling you what to do the other
option is to the balanced blade does
more damage but doesn't cause bleeding
if you're if you are a celebrity yeah
and you want to be on an aural um show
since send an email to our LM contacts
is that it
I don't know the email addresses contact
that ad red letter media there we go
contact at red letter media dot com.com
calm and and and and then give us your
pitch what if you're not a celebrity
then fuck off Wow can't let every Tom
Dick and Harry on the show insane Tom
and Dick maybe definitely not Harry
though these days Tom Dick and Harry
they're not commenting or being like no
Altair what are they other goofy names
and Millennials are given their kids
Altair I know and I pulled that out of
my ass I don't know is big now and I
don't know why Noah is a big name it was
a big name now yeah but the names that
are the names that are common are
changing Aaden is that Dylan popular
names change over time that's just the
thing that I always have yes there's
scorpions and shit down here
Richard fell out of style yeah good
those fine just helps make me more
unique you died I died immediately like
a ship weapon huh
yeah a ship weapon Mike my kick was
insta killing people my kick was pretty
shitty actually the kick was pretty
shitty yeah
I should have got the hammer I like the
hip
I like the hammer should've got the
hammer like the hammer gotta remember to
use my items
fuck you fuck you guy should be I blame
you either he played little nightmarish
no bother you I have not a little it
looked it looked at very much it looked
in the vein of of something like like
limbo or was that other one we played
that was made better than by people
inside inside it looks kind of like a
mediocre puzzle platformer that had a
deep story and I wasn't necessarily in
the mood to play a game like that inside
was great inside was a it was great only
because we streamed it and got to that
ending inside was great because of the
ending yes well and like but even even
like ending notwithstanding because we
got to the ending on stream I think if
if I would played that by myself I might
have been a little mad about the ending
to be honest yeah I know I think the the
organic blob would have done it for me
it's pretty cool
story rich is that a thing only hates
story in games when it would had some
wanted supplants gameplay when it gets
nuts and plans what I'm looking for it
it gets rid of when it overtakes when it
plays shadows yes yeah Naughty Dog they
don't give a shit about gameplay right
MakerBot is history this man he's got a
little girl what about the gameplay
what developing uncharted is like how
could we make the player feel like
they're doing something that they're not
really doing what kind of scripted
sequences can we come up with about the
standard gameplay what it's third-person
shooter I agree with you Jack's the one
who hates any semblance of a cutscene
not made yeah
but when you're doing that you know hit
X to open the pump that's not a game
play that's a disguised cutscene that's
not a game hit X to open the pump I just
do the thing this is a complicated thing
to open the pump yeah manipulate the
machinery set it's the reverse destruct
just stops and waits for you hit the X
prompts yeah oh look you're playing the
game like that fucking III spider-man
helicopter fight where you're in charge
of nothing that happens you're just
waiting to hit the buttons and tells you
to hit that's not fucking gameplay
agreed I agree with you
you plate enter the gungeon a little bit
I like it I'm not especially good at it
oh yeah we had some good enter the
gungeon streams we stream that a couple
times few times maybe yeah yeah we had
some decent enter the gungeon streams
it's that's a that's a tough one that
one was tough as balls to move for I
think I got it farther than you did
you've probably done very good
twin-stick that's your that's your
wheelhouse jackets all mine yep
but yeah a decent game decent game which
must really hate telltale games then I
could I could deal with it if there were
actual branching paths yeah if you could
turn it into a choose your own it's like
an actual choose your own adventure and
not a pretend choose your own adventure
the maybe I'd see more value to it yeah
about the story we're telling a story
yeah oh yeah I'm gonna go back for my
chicken now where's my chicken oh look
at that there's like a whole underground
thing I think I need special stuff for
that go get my chicken
I'm at your game in our QTEs better if
the action corresponds to the movement
ie rotating joysticks to spin a wheel
pulling triggers to shoot a gun not
really
no no maybe better but I still don't
particularly care for them yeah there's
there's rarely there's rarely an excuse
for a QuickTime event like there there
are some QuickTime events that I will
tolerate but no like the QuickTime
events in vanquish I tolerate those I
don't oh wow what a QuickTime event
section yay that that never happens part
I love it when I get to stop playing the
game I get to pretend I did a really
cool thing in the game but I really
didn't do anything oh I get to I get to
rectify my mistake and buy a hammer like
the spider-man bit when he's jumping
around the outside of the helicopter and
yeah well if I want to go inside the
helicopter and fry guys inside the hard
what if I can I choose to no I can't
what does that really gameplay is it
alright I'm not in control of anything
mm-hmm
yeah I mean yeah the rest of that
spider-man trailer looks alright look
like it look like a half-baked Arkham
game and a half Bay it looked like a
spider-man Arkham game it looked like a
spider-man Arkham game which is
something I don't look it certainly
didn't look any better than an Arkham
game not saying it did but you know what
the Arkham games were all right so if we
get an alright spider-man game that'd be
great I did the thing yeah spider-man
can can can eat Batman's table scraps
oh yeah like the Arkham games came out
those are really fucking you know new
and original uh-huh
they're doing their own creative thing
but of course like the thing they're
doing this should have been spider-man's
to begin with the boss fights and all of
those hands are crap but everything else
pretty damn great well wait no mr.
freeze in Arkham City is the best
fucking thing ever um because it's a
it's a stealth fight okay eager to play
Arkham City I guess not much of a
spoiler just how the fight goes down
I mean I'm uh yeah I still haven't
finished Arkham you have to use stealth
takedowns in mr. freeze huh
but you can never use the same one twice
Oh like if you pop out of a vent and try
to get them then he'll freeze all the
vents in the room so you have to find
like a whole bunch of different ways to
take them down and it's great okay
that's neat that's neat
I might get around to the other Arkham
games one of these days but you know how
it goes where it's just there's two
always on you anyone who thinks rich
will be optimistic about anything is
delusional well you're delusional
because there have been things of it
yeah second I'm sorry the spider-man
game looks like unoriginal crap fuck you
want me to do yeah you know I think the
the whole the whole Batman dodge stick
was clearly that is a Spider Man thing
he's basically using a spider for a joke
so just it's just going back home it's
just going back where it belongs rich
that's what I that's how I see it
spider-man is a character who gets into
epic battles with supervillains and all
of the battles with every villain in
that game is gonna be one of those awful
QuickTime events I every single fucking
one and it's gonna be trash it's gonna
be fucking trash I don't want you to be
right does that count that Arkham system
does not lend itself well to boss fights
that is true that is true shit Oh dad I
threw my flashbang over here and it
knocked a little hole in the wall yes
you're fuckin yeah which was awesome
optimistic about pom G and then plated
that's true look to be fair at the end
of the day with pub G I hate going it's
so low but I can fully admit playing it
as a squad with Jack was fun and there's
potential there can I go in here but I
can only see that working with like
people you know well oh yeah you almost
you need a plan you need to say like hey
guys let's all you know let's all get
together
eight o'clock Tuesday night I can I can
jump into a Friday the 13th game with
strangers and either get something going
with a group yeah
or stand a pretty decent chance of
getting out of my own if everyone's a
moron yeah like I know what to do there
I can I can handle that pub gee I think
it would need to be working with people
no no to work with you and not just like
I can't imagine that working jumping in
with randoms I can't imagine that work
oh no no you need if you need friends
and a plan oh shit bombs I remember I
remember and I don't I don't want to
have to organize a social outing to
relax and play a game when I'm home from
work right
what makes a glory kill different from a
QuickTime event older they're really
quick and you're not worried about
hitting the different inputs and it's
not necessarily about the glory kill
it's about the fun combat in general
yeah the glory glory kills aren't and
they're not a necessity in gameplay like
a QuickTime event you have to hit X at
this point before you can move on the
glory kill is icing on the combat cake
here's why it works yeah but doom the
glory kill if if you want that that
extra ammo and that extra health from
the glory kill you have to get in close
you have to get in close and it helps
the combat because you're always in the
frame yeah yeah if it forces that
aggression helps move you forward
so there are many there are multiple
reasons why the glory kills are very
different than clear was the thing that
was most skeptical about with the new
dome oh yeah yeah the glory kills cabin
yeah no the glory coaster kind kind of
dumb down cutie so yeah that's fine you
don't have to do them that's the thing
don't you see a difference between the
glory kill and doom as a QuickTime event
versus you're playing Uncharted and you
have to hit X to open the drawer to find
your keys don't you see a large fucking
difference I mean I do the the the the
cyberdemon fight in doom
I didn't just wait for the scene to play
out while I hit X every now and then
there is an epic fight with the
cyberdemon where you are dodging attacks
shooting him hitting weak points yeah
finding patterns and then at the end
once he's dead he hit X once I was
playing with a controller but yet the
button hit the button once right a big
difference between that and that garbage
fucking spider-man helicopter fight
nobody has any fucking sense of nuance
Josh yeah Oh an opener no idea what
fucking nuances yeah but you knew that
you don't like that stand everything
that's got even any vague semblance to a
QuickTime event you would you gotta hate
all that Tobruk justify your opinions
and some nuance in your fucking life and
stop David dickwad
game gets a lot better once you start
using the items I'm getting a little
more comfortable with the items wicked
Scott the artist says rich please say
true that wicked Scotty thanks dude
live long and prosper hey go look true
dat wicked Scotty I want that extra -
that was that was the correct usage from
Candy Girl was that her name was it
candy girl I'm deadly plague - good old
candy girl Jack hit X to stop the man
from drowning you that's exactly the
same as the glory kill ya Oh Oh God hit
X to stop that man from drowning
oh god I remember that scene when you
escaped from the prison because you hit
X when the man was trying to drown you
that's the exact same thing as doom and
it's in terms of gameplay it's every bit
as exciting absolutely I hate people I'm
just gonna lump you all together
the way you're making rich lumped
together everything else he's gonna lump
you all together congratulations
congratulations you've ruined it all
not a sense streets of rogue
I'm telling us 8-bit funsies with co-op
it's $15 get it I donated $15 will you
promise to get it
fuck you liar and I'm looking at you
rich because jack is a man of his word
Wow first of all oh wow oh my god
against my word what if I'd done this
all the all the time every day every day
but I don't know you've gone against
your word what does it help streets of
rogue yeah absolutely if you donate $15
I will buy it I will buy it
absolutely
it'd be great if like if they if the bow
like when when the when the worm drops
the bombs I'd be great if it also hurt
the enemies you know like like enemy
friendly fire that'd be neat I'm sure
there's a oh oh this is one of those
doomed crates it'll be fun just gotta
kill ten dudes oh that's how you that's
not fuck up
you got freezer burn AIDS I do
sure I'm so badly I can't believe Jack
did that I can't fucking believe Jack
that came over I'm sorry oh that's a
good one oh you really said toxic cloud
when you take to him you can't take
damage ten more do Gold's or just a one
up somewhere yeah I don't think at the
mall I take the moonstone overall I
think oh I do
cuz it's cursed
far-far mirror says hijack and rich last
steam film I bought two games because of
the stream binding of issac and XCOM you
both seem to enjoy those so far they've
been a lot of fun greetings from Chile
thank you I'm glad you've enjoyed those
games those which one you like better
which buzzes Jack yeah two very
different games you don't have to choose
I'm gonna have the hyperbola Jack you
gotta have a little bit of hyper you're
so fucked wait for it wait for it to
cool down and try again look for more
enemies over here you just had to not
hit a button I know what was the
opposite of quick quick don't do
anything Jesus Christ don't do anything
oh fuck fuck I shouldn't have taken that
chest should not have done that should
not have done that no I was having a
good run I was gonna get far that run I
felt it I felt it in my bones
dr. strong Squire says hi rich
I got doom when I bought my ps4
secondhand was terrible at it for ages
but after watching you guys stream
picked it up again really got into it
and loved it so much fun to be had
yeah it was amazing rich are you
superstitious do you believe in karma
have you ever bought a tapestry no no no
a tapestry sometimes you people I just I
just don't I have I have no belief in
anything supernatural but tapestries
just a joke
where'd it what is one even whole thing
could've been a joke where does one even
find a tapestry at this point is that a
thing that just exists naanum says Jack
can you say the world has changed in
your deep mr. Billy badass voice mr. B I
don't know if I am it it time for a
story game with voices I bought
undertale just to play with your voices
oh sure that undyne reveal moment one of
the best oh is that the Billy badass the
devil one I don't know I can do maybe
the world is changing so we'll try in
like my my deep announcer voice where's
like the world is changing it's either
that one or the world is changing that's
the one that's lon
yes the world is changing I'll tap me
her let's get this without game music
this is beautiful it's it's it's
beautiful
okay desktop audio muted okay um wait
there's no my god going on sure okay the
world is changing that was great
okay great yeah that's what you want
that's what you want yeah glad I could
be here for you
um where's that where's that no mom I'll
not caught up now I'm all not and caught
up now Lance hunter sets Lance hunter
recently watched the video with the
time-lapse assembling of the blankets
house set it was a fun process II watch
any chance you might ever do a
time-lapse video showing an episode
being edited I don't know anyone with an
episode being edited like so maybe you
don't know how anything works but it
would be a time-lapse of one of their
backs right sitting in front of a
computer going like this I suppose what
you might be able to do see the timeline
changing the screen I was gonna say like
if we if we did a it's if we did like an
HDMI out to our capture card and you
could just see like the bla bla bla bla
look like the timeline kind of being
smush together that could be neat that
could be neat you know what I'll pitch
it I'll pitch it to Mike and Jay I'm
sure if we ever do another big project
they'll be another time-lapse video but
hasn't anything too major
endo crumbs is rich watch this it's
called opinions on the internet it's
right up your alley middle of a stream
it would be inappropriate for him to
stop the stream to watch someone else's
it be inappropriate for him to stop the
internet video so he could watch someone
else's internet video Gateway says Jack
you vacationed in Canada yeah
how the heck fire did you get a tan the
contrast makes it seem like you could
set your white balance on Rich's face
rich is very pale and normally I am very
pale but Canada a little known fact
about Canada rich it also has the Sun
and and it is summertime and you know I
was outdoors weather like that what's
the temperature of difference oh right
now actually it was it's just the same
as it is here yeah right now you know
it's it's noir like 10 or 5 degrees
difference it was cool it was I'd say it
was a little more humid ok then we are
here but it was it was very comparable
to Wisconsin weather
yeah when you went to Canada you didn't
go it's like that area near Alaska you
just went you know to Canada like
Calgary is aways north of us but like
Canada isn't the frozen tundra you're
not obligated to go to the tundra just
because you go to Canada but you're not
you're not going to Greenland like
you're not going to the North Pole when
you go to Canada it's you know it's just
Canada the Rudolf steel system XCOM
there's even a months and my team is
voiced by various unfortunate paris-nice
also rich do you pick a word every best
of the worst of mispronounce is this a
gag yes I miss whole diverse sadly it
isn't I don't speak good
I don't speak good sometimes sometimes
that happens Rich's mispronunciation of
words you guys wouldn't even notice that
if some dickheads we know didn't make it
a big deal
other people like say things wrong they
usually do it again do another take it's
really it's true about this absolutely
it's absolutely true which is why I'm
like and in some episodes you'll see
rich go let me take that again as a cue
to whoever's editing it to edit out the
first flub and they never do as with
everyone else they do with everyone else
absolutely they do
but now that's the gag you know yeah but
what do we have
who's who's got five seconds three oh my
god
starting with the first jump five
seconds on the dot on the dot I didn't
have one one thousand two one thousand
three one thousand four one thousand
five to be fair I did make it past that
first jump so so deal with it how about
that
they're gonna got a good weapon combo
got my gum got my kicking boots down
yeah oh yeah so you can really kick down
that door no oh is that dickhead up
there come here dickhead there we go got
my kicking boot
ready look at this oh I'll kick down the
door that's the only way to do it right
there use your kicking boot this could
be fun
gonna ask you got we're gonna get you
know now we're scrolling I can't read it
when we're scrolling gonna ask you guys
for girl advice perfect currently
engaged in an unbelieving boring online
conversation with a semi drunk girl how
can i spice it up and leave the
conversation on an interesting note I
will literally type anything reasonable
you to tell me to how drunk is she
semi drunk okay milene have to you have
to leave for something important right
like I'm assuming this is the potential
romance yeah and he wants to leave on a
good note okay here's my here's my you
wanted on my honest advice yes this is a
boring conversation why do you want to
be with this girl oh you know what rich
dropping the knowledge before before
Karen and I were a couple yeah I still
liked her there's nothing between us
yeah I could be on the phone with her
for hours I would spend hours on the
phone
maybe it's not there hmm
maybe she's not the one sometimes the
truth hurts and when Richard rose the
truth tell her you have to go and tame
some lions because lions are getting bit
out of hand they need you to come in you
got a call yeah a text they need you to
come in and tame the Lions you know in a
similar animal theme I have to go there
is an ostrich outside and I need to
figure out what's up with that I'll try
to say I'll try to get some pictures and
send them to you later there's an
ostrich outside of my house currently I
will go see what's up with that
all right not us us the moment I spoke
of was Jackson for was Jack's voice was
so worn out that when he tried undines
voice for the big reveal
he hacked up a lung for the whole
cutscene which tried to ask if it was
worth it it was it was I remember that
because you know and then you know like
I was doing that like the deep dark
place and then I tried to go back to
flowey and you had too many of the hard
voices well it could you know we never
knew I was gonna have all that yeah
right man yeah that was fun it was a fun
stream
I think the tipper wanted some tips on
getting laid not finding love but I am
NOT the man you talk to him because I
wouldn't found love that's for my
priorities were and that's honestly true
and you know maybe maybe something else
happened after you found love wink wink
wink
what I'm just I'm giving them some tips
like shit I gotta bring that up the
Karen a rich shit hold on I have some
books at home
insert a clip about rich talking of
getting laid what do you think it was
oh no don't let Karen find out
and you know I think rich brings up some
solid points as far as you and your lady
friend like you know if you if you're if
all you're concerned about is is
knocking it with this drunk lady then
you know if she sent my drunk then just
go for it
hey hey drunk later you want to knock it
but if you're looking for a relationship
that's a whole different story
yeah Gately says I'm late for a tums
festival yeah so you know the the
originality and our fans continues they
don't know much rich but they know they
love you and that maybe they're all
steel so I figured it had to be a gag
because you all have said we don't hate
each other but cruel cruel ridicule is
on the table
rich you talk fine also an tidy
establishment arianism inside this is
that wasn't very me no
antidisestablishmentarianism
if I said I had a problem with it I'm
sure they would stop yes but I
understand what's funny you're you're
cursed with comedic knowledge there's
actually a time when I said you know
it's been a while since there's been a
good ribbon my expense for the best of
the worst I'm like I know I probably
said that horribly I'm not gonna retake
it
it's been a while since we've done that
interest that has happened once okay so
I'm well aware of what's going on rich
knows no I know what's funny he knows
the game also we all know the game like
if you if you agree to sit down and film
something they get to do with that film
whatever they see fit that's the game
that's the game for all of us
what kick step
let's pick down when I was getting
school I'm just I had enough brains to
figure out how to monetize him nice
which the riddle of steals is rich Evans
the people's champion sacrificing his
dignity at the altar of our and Mike's
laughter surely is there a better Jesus
figure for the modern age rich and David
Blaine that's it someone who supposedly
doesn't like me
Mike Mike has always been there when
I've had some kind of crisis going on in
my life Mike hates you
everyone knows that rich
listen I've read the internet comments
it's clear it's clear that he hates you
I mean he's kept you around for all
these years he puts you in all of his
videos he clearly has a problem with you
turned me into an internet celebrity
clearly this turns out kind of a
double-edged sword he continues to work
with you constantly a phaser
how did Richard Mike meet it's really
not an amazing story we had a class
together in high school
we had an art class and the teacher
wasn't very strict we got to sit around
and shoot the shit mm-hmm well
scribbling well scribbling because art
class
is that a weapon or an item we'd sit
around at the art table and come up with
stupid ideas for a video to film uh-huh
as you do yeah as one does
you got a spice that story up bridge
make up an adventure maybe you found a
dead body together run oh my god oh you
killed the thing yeah I didn't see where
it was I thought you're just group I
liked it
I bet they used to draw dicks during or
Clint
do you really think we were so uncreated
we just drew dicks Mike would draw
Michael try a Spock of the day on the
art table itself and and some jackass in
a different class huh thought it would
be he wrote on the arm table when it's
up draw on your stupid spots rich and
that's when Mike started picking out
Mike told the other kid there was you
wait that means you've known Mike more
than half your life yes yes I've known
Mike more than half my life Karen - what
you mean you're you're aged and you've
had long friends this doesn't sound
right long friends I speak well I speak
well good did you meet Mike before Karen
I'm pretty sure I met Karen first the
one thing I knew Karen in high school
but throughout the entire four years of
high school we only ever had one class
together oh yeah well we had some the
same friends but not much opportunity to
hang out together in high school
hmm okay I'm weirdly
fuck do you guys hate praise for
overrated movies like Blade Runner
while Blade Runner certainly is
overrated you're allowed to like
whatever the fuck you want you know
there's there's sometimes I just don't
understand why something is praised but
you know that's just with a lot of
things you know I like Blade Runner so
high I'm really ok with the praise for
Blade Runner cuz you know I like it huh
alright but you know yeah everybody
likes different things but he likes
different things
lunge flags in ski says watched I am
Heath Ledger and got me depressed he
died and took the rest of Warner
Brothers with him talk about your
favorite parts of Heath Ledger as the
Joker green apples or red apples now
you're talking the important question
you know what I like the mixture of both
like the half green half red ones
scanned I hate the skin I can't bite
into an apple I'll gag what the skin may
be a certain type of apples I don't know
that I'm really tough hide on him or
something I don't know that's that's
enquired them before I've never heard
someone who gags at the the skin the
skin is good right
Apple skin is a perfectly normal thing
to eat it's it's an edible part of the
Apple it doesn't go down right with me
for whatever reason something about that
I don't know what it is texture thing or
something very here irritates my throat
very strange very strange
Hey Oh blood sword part three link
crusts off the bread - no because that
is entirely different punch sword rich
hey yeah I still had the first sword I
still had the stocks exciting compared
to any any favorite parts of Heath
Ledger's Joker is there one favorite
part it's the performance as a whole
that's amazing my favorite part is that
he was the Joker I thought he did a
really good job as acting as the Joker
just and you know just I mean the
direction as a whole like they they they
brought they brought something new to
the Joker's you know Oh what happened to
Friday the 13th well I know it didn't
seem like it for a while there but we
work we're not exclusive Friday the 13th
rumors it's true it's true I haven't
played it in a while now have a week I
was like maybe maybe close to a week I
said I haven't played an either even
longer
good
phaser
you guys were for like a month never
officially the Friday the 13th streaming
channel though
we're having a good time with it and it
was making for good streams yeah
and since we're both enjoying it and
it's also entertaining to watch why not
keep doing it seems to make sense to me
when we tried something different
and it was a disaster but no why don't
we go back to the thing that worked that
just went up the other day the 3p Warren
AIDS disaster oh yeah the unmitigated
disaster three two one grenades Lord
where is our Jason kill Jack Jack never
wants to bring us PC in just to go for a
kill again I'm game yeah bringing my PCs
is sometimes you know a little hard but
geez
you get arrows back they do overtime
they charge kind of like your power-ups
sure like you already full oh great
I knew you would love this I kind of
love this yeah I knew you would love
this when I when I watch the trailer for
it on Steam oh yeah yeah I I think I'm
gonna call it soon all right it's
usually you oh sure yeah no I what time
is it even close to 11:00 Oh Mike yeah
then you have to you have to because
like games like this I can just play for
four hours without like having no
concept of space or time so yeah you'll
next death and if death doesn't come
soon then yeah yeah yeah for me cuz yeah
I can just keep going rich what do you
think of Indiana Jones without Jordan
Lucas will be like kind of lame because
it'll also be an Indiana Jones without a
young Harrison Ford I can't see someone
else in that role you lack imagination
I think at the point you put somebody
else in that role you may as well just
do something in the spirit of Indiana
Jones and call it something else at that
point sure I'm okay with with new actor
taking over taking over Indy yeah you
got you got yourself me Anna Jones is
Harrison Ford
you got yourself the james bond James
Bond situation just say I'm okay with
new bonds some people who said Chris
Pratt but he's almost too late to a
meeting the tones off it changes the
balance the balance of Indiana Jones
mm-hmm possibly and is he is he getting
too old now when did when was Harrison
Ford indeed a joke now I'm just
wondering why old was Harrison Ford when
he was Indiana Jones and how old is
Chris Pratt now well he was 35 and 77
when they did Star Wars okay so he was
in his later 30s like what 80 was
Raiders 80 or 81 that was anyone okay so
ya know then then the answer is no he's
not yeah yeah yeah 39 he was he was 39
for ready yeah I could be I could be I
could be any any shows shit in sir - sir
- sir I could be Indiana Jones start
pumping iron man start pumping it
Indiana Jones is funny he spends half
the time looking scared and making weird
faces then he spends the other half the
time though looking like a badass tough
guy yeah it's it's just balancing yeah
Pratt's really like threats very good at
being charming it would be all charming
all comedic all the time though right
not necessarily right for Indiana Jones
probably better than anyone else but I
don't think that means you have to make
the fucking movie oh shit I didn't even
see that there was a room there I wanted
to do that I wanted my health potion
Chris Pine I'm gonna say that's a better
suggestion than Chris Pratt Chris Pine
Chris Pine interesting suggestion better
a better suggestion than Chris Pratt ah
interesting very interesting suggest oh
these guys are gonna kill me
Tom Hardy no have you ever seen Tom
Hardy act now it's very possible you
have never seen Tom Hardy on screen or
never seen an Indiana Jones movie maybe
that's just a joke because he seems to
be in everything sure sure very
different
oh the arrows come back to you what
about the rock no they're with like I'm
sure that's being very funny too and I
you know what I gave it a thought for a
second the rock is is Chris Pratt he's
also very charming
all right here I'm gonna say it okay I'm
gonna say it and it's horrible work
we're talking about 1930s America you're
not gonna have somebody who is it
clearly Caucasian as a professor of
archeology and an American University at
that time that's horrible but it's so
true it's absolutely true I mean you
know spitting the truth that's all
doesn't have to be awkward as long and
you know Indiana Jones I do think does
it has to be a period piece like we you
can't have Indiana Jones in modern day
no
there was a caballo I go back to the 30s
when they're gonna be in a Jones movie
the the setting is part of the fun of an
Indiana Jones yes it needs to be set the
time when everyone was a racist piece of
shit more to do with the the setting
being a romantic time before technology
ruined everything like yeah before
technology ruined everything
like racism well before we basically we
want to say that nology ruined racism we
want to set it at a time when everyone
wasn't racist piece of shit but you
didn't necessarily know that about
everyone they were better at hiding it
it means hide it they were really proud
of it like a big racist dick you know
sometimes the truth hurts rich me
specifically huh that's great that's
terrible I'll read your name some other
time
