Oct 4, 2017
FTL: Faster Than Light, Spelunky
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/179819722
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/179821171
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=axRU6V_zFGo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PWE9-yVIazA
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/915668024111267842

[Part I]
go and finally we are almost two hours
late yeah yeah tech support sure did us
a lot of good haha you can see what
we're not playing it's like I gave a
tech support mm-hmm
8 o'clock deadline yep I didn't tell
them that right and Johnson text where
he gave up two minutes that's true he
gave up that's true it's a part of the
reason why we wanted to find new
streaming software is because we
constantly had tech ROM and OBS works
most of the time but in all honesty OBS
will not even start for us at the moment
we we tried to open OBS and it crashes
on the start so the positive of X foot
even though we have to pay for it is
24-hour tech support which you know hey
technically speaking we had a technician
looking into it rich
yes
I just want there we go
that's all I wanted okay great it's the
fun
all right so technically speaking we had
we had tech support and they were they
were here with us and and nothing just a
thought
test your shit before you got here at
5:00 I got I got here a little after
5:00 and for a 6:30 stream we didn't
think it would take us two and a half
hours and do not get it working the
second I got here a little after 5:00 I
was immediately downloading drivers and
we got a hold of
yes Osbert we're live we're here we're
live and we're here as the game still
too loud jack equals to cool jack
talking talking talking talking yeah
yeah I'm talking I look quiet we should
be at the same volume theoretically rich
yeah we do not touch the settings we
don't touch these settings at all sounds
great now okay great it's just that you
guys are quieter than it then what are
we are we too quiet or what I'm seeing
we sound good it's fine now great okay
great everything's fine okay great
have I trying to have we tried different
OBS versions yes we started actually off
with with kind of there's OBS classic
and then there's OBS studios and we're
having a hard time with the older OBS
versions then we switched over to OBS
studio which has a bit of a simpler
interface and this seemed to work with
it for us with for a while and then
started crashing completely and then we
try the xsplit and for the most part
xsplit works alright
yes line you can be a crew member I'm
just wondering what kind of ship what
kind of run do we want to be what ship
with only I think I want to say last
time we do this tell ya what's the pros
and cons mantas I had the amazing
teleporter rum oh that's right that was
a good one but that that failed in the
end all right yeah we can't be the
crystal monsters you don't have the
crystal ship online I see Chad have a
favorite crystal monster I don't think I
have crystal unlocked on this little
file here
Osprey I do the Osprey all the time
there wait am I thinking of
no I sprays defend Cruiser right I do
this one a lot
what Lanice - that's different
don't usually do lantus oh that's a cool
ship I will try Atlantis see how this
goes just do it
let's do it all right promise Lynn okay
what do you think about Ruby dooby dooby
dooby oh oh B I do oh oh oh
B I do B yep all right one more one more
all right pick a random chatter star
Horrible's using a handy-dandy future
Horrible's around the Carville's boom
little difficulty I'm not used to using
this ship I think the strat is to find a
teleporter that is clearly the Strad so
you have to land us in one human all
right oh yeah then that's the clear
strap
rich could you go to the game options
and just turn the we'll see if that does
because they're still completely
just very okay that should batch it out
did I watch the google event no only
because I don't really have any Google
hardware in my life I read up about it
it looks like they have some interesting
gadgets coming out the new phone the new
Google phone they're making bait wood is
basically the Google version of an iPad
pro even even has like a little pen like
the iPad pro which looks neat you know
looks like a good tablet right computer
tablet they came they announced a very
interesting thing which is a tiny
wearable camera but you don't decide
when it takes pictures okay it decides
when it takes pictures via a software
out algorithm that sounds horrible yes
but it's interesting because because
it's it's one of those things were
saying you just it's a super tiny camera
right kind of algorithm thing what's it
like like exposure people's faces
environment and so it's just a little
camera that you wear and have no control
over we have no control over when it
takes a picture the hope is rich Google
also get this information hundred I'm a
hundred percent sure that it does
everything about this fuck this so hard
right no I I have no idea I have no idea
if they have the information but knowing
Google of course that's something make
their money
so the idea I believe from what I was
reading is that at the end of the day or
at the end of the week you look through
all your pictures and kind of like hey
that's what I did that day what army are
there gonna be thousands maybe or you
know maybe it just takes a few a day
we're talking about the google event the
tiny little google camera the google
wearable camera that takes random
pictures throughout the day yeah so it's
it's interesting I mean it's I can't I
would lose a lot of respect for anyone
who bought it
but you know what it's a different idea
right yeah it's a terrible idea it's
different I like different I like it
when people think outside the box right
I think I think it was one of those
things that came out of Google glass I
can remember those stupid Google glasses
takes pictures for you other people just
live your life now yeah oh of course I'm
simply by someone's just gonna watch
what you're doing like oh yeah they're
going to the grocery store now that's
great ooh-hoo they just bought bread
oh is that whole grain that's whole
grain that's whole grain bread yeah I
like whole grain bread and Alison and
then then the watcher rich gets a little
coupon for whole grain bread and they go
ooh this old this will help me out when
I buy whole grain bread later on
just like twitch in real life exactly
yeah
so I so I just caught up on the news of
the Google event it looked interesting
apparently the the new pixel phone is
supposed to be a powerhouse last one
apparently is having amazing camera they
up the camera so if you're if you're
into the whole Android thing the Google
phone is the one to get because it
doesn't have any bloatware of like uh
like carriers will often put them where
over android operating systems
all right the ship sucks yeah yeah
what's going on I can't hit anything I
can't do anything and they keep pelting
me with missiles nope they're gonna run
out of
let's make it work rich you can make it
work it sounds like a black mirror
episode yeah chip Bowl or chip old chip
popped lore says props to you guys for
being on tech support that long phone
calls like that stress me out
STD is really letting me down okay well
we're not gonna talk Star Trek because I
haven't seen meaning yet and you know
why I haven't seen any yet because of
humberto cabbage patches tip who says
what do you think of American vandal I
loved it I'm obsessed with it that's I
was already I needed something to watch
the evidence I needed something to watch
and I was just about ready to download
the CBS app to watch start oh yeah
through Netflix and I see this promo for
American vandal and if anyone watches
like true crime shows or if you loved
making a murderer
it's a satirical take on making a
murderer and it is beautiful it is a
hard-nosed true crime documentary but
it's done by high schoolers trying to
figure out who drew 27 dicks on 27 cars
in the teachers parking lot
and it is pitch fuckin perfect
you saw the promo I thought it looks too
dumb it plays it so seriously like nd in
the editing is good and you see all of
those tropes of the true crime
documentary like the cutting away to
dramatic B well the the you know
re-creation of the crime scene and I'm
talking about a show on Netflix called
American vandals it's it is wonderful
and I can't recommend it enough and you
know what also it's just another it's
another one of those half-hour Netflix
shows and so it makes it really bin
jabal it goes by very fast good
characters and
yes 27 dicks in a row in the teacher
pardon I'm not gonna tell you who drew
the dais I'm not gonna spoil it for you
I watched the whole first season and it
is amazing I was really excited I was
really excited to find it show that of
course I binge do the whole thing now
I'm done
there are eight episodes well there you
go so it's only it's only four hours of
your time and it is well well worth it
American have a noted and then after
American vandal I needed another show to
be you know just about ready to download
the CBS app yeah and watch Star Trek
discovery yet again you know after I
watched American vandal Netflix reminded
me of a show that I've been wanting to
watch for a while call them long yeah
and love stars Gillian Jacobs and Paul
rust and Paul Ross is actually a
comedian that I've been following since
the start of his career he used to
upload videos to Funny or Die back in
the day when when it was my job to watch
every user uploaded videos and the very
first video he uploaded I thought he was
the most brilliant comedic mind I've
ever seen this Paul rust guy okay okay
and and I just I followed him from that
day on and I think he's hilarious
well I don't know and he's not a big
name like he was in one big movie like
eight years ago he works on the new
pee-wee Herman movie I think okay okay
the the Netflix original
Star Trek discovery is not compelling
enough for me to watch only because I've
heard kind of middling things and I
don't want to have to like sign up for a
new thing and pay money for a new thing
when I already have Netflix so why would
I want a new thing yeah he wrote for
comedy bang bang he was part of Upright
Citizens for great theater incredibly
talented writer and so he has this show
called love which is basically a
relationship drama with him and Gillian
Jacobs and it's it's almost like a
relationship prequel where it's it's
just following fall prequel right
because like it just follows these two
characters and how they meet and you
know on-again off-again first dates fall
starts but it's very deep into the
characterization and everyone's kind of
a dickhead but they're all kind of
relatable and I really
so now I've been binging love even
though I've had to I've had to edit
stepping selfish Jack watch watch it for
us so we can talk about it already I
know I'm sorry I'm very sorry but I want
to watch the romantic comedies I just
want to watch wrong with that watch show
up couples are they gonna get together
are they not do I care
yeah and I've stopped watching the or
hold because I got three episodes in and
just said it's not gonna hit after three
episodes I see where it's going I don't
need any more modern-day pop-culture
references in my future
that's what it was kind of done for me
like that third episode when they
started making Beyonce references like
I'm sure Beyonce is a big enough star
world where people will still be talking
about her 100 years but it's just like
one too many you know like one too many
modern-day pop-culture references wow
that what did I think of master of none
I thought it was quite honestly
brilliant master of none is the Aziz
Ansari Netflix show and again it's well
we're fucked oh you have no medbay
cuz the last oh well they heal
themselves right yeah well no they have
a clone Bay Oh
you see I have not seen I think I saw
one episode of Bojack horseman I keep
hearing the very good things that you I
hear very very good things about it
why can you clone them at will no you
have to wait till they die
yeah well gain a little bit of health
with each jump oh really yeah
oh no I'm so I'm sorry to hear that they
removed danger 5 from Netflix that's it
that's it that was a great show
but the the joy of Netflix and once
again why I insist that we are living in
a golden age of entertainment is
creators are allowed to create very
specific personal projects like like
love like master of none these are shows
that wouldn't exist on mainstream
television because they're kind of weird
and they're not normal and I want to see
Eric Wareheim acting more thing he shows
up in master events sometimes as as Aziz
his friend and he's just a great comedic
actor
Netflix is dead to you now no because it
lost danger five there's someone there's
so many other good things on that which
one was danger five that was the type of
sci-fi wall with Nick Frost
no no danger five was the was the take
on like old Italian action movies okay
but it was like a TV show and I've not
seen any of this it's it's it's very
good it's it's it's modern-day
filmmakers but they make it look exactly
like an old Italian poorly dubbed action
spy show and it's very good when does
stranger things season to start I don't
know let me tell you rich I don't know
October 27 Thank You Chet Thank You Jett
and of October rich end of October
well I have not watched the Mystery
Science Theater 3000 return only because
kind of the same reason why I don't
watch Mystery Science Theater to begin
with I like watching movies and making
fun of them myself right so I've never
like I've always understood and got what
they did but I never much cared for
because I want to make the jokes why do
these guys make the jokes let me just
watch the bad movie and make my own joke
you know it really looks like we are
rich great we have an early fuck today
mr. shy smile I do know that stardew
valley comes out switch and as soon as
it's out I will be downloading in I'm
gonna try to save my bathroom time for
you no I have just downloaded and that
stardew valley on the switch will be my
my my go to bathroom game for a while
I'm really excited to grow my coffee
farm congratulations and I win it when I
get my coffee farm and if the switch
ever starts working for xsplit I'm gonna
show you guys my awesome coffee farm and
we'll walk you through it it's gonna be
great it's gonna be great
my fuckin scrap where we're doing that I
don't know if I don't have high hopes
for this run it doesn't know I didn't
spend all that money on I'm fixing to
show ya
twitch Evans 69 I don't believe you
everyone else seems to think our audio
sounds alright
I'm facing awful lot of against a lot of
bad weapons very really hot I'm sorry
and it's not good it's not good yeah I'm
seeing a lot of I'm seeing a lot of
audio is fine audio is good so if we're
quiet turn it up if the games I can't
imagine the game is louder than us
though audio is quiet but balanced I'll
take that I'll take quiet the balance
he's gonna get trippy for a second that
game loud audio is fairly loud but you
can hear us I need my scrap I'm sorry
but I can hear me really well I'm very
loud rich do you talk for a second oh
this is great
this is gonna sound this is gonna start
eating itself hold on by level two
shield I can't afford level two shields
because we've we've had such a shitty
early part of this run if if we felt
like it rich audio I think sounds really
good the audio sounded really good on my
phone we might if it gets like crazy
with the battle noises we might want to
turn the game audio down a little bit
but I think we're I think we're we're
sounding just alright yeah that was good
ear ception
when can we expect the Dark Knight the
animated series from you guy I think I
found the perfect episode and I'm just
getting a good rip of it at the moment I
found the perfect episode to do for a
Dark Knight the animated series but it's
I need to get a good rip of it oh wow we
are totally fucked my phone was not at
the max volume of honestly it was at
about half it was at about half a volume
and I could hear everything great
obviously everyone's speaker setup is
different and there's no possible way we
could account for everyone's speaker
situation we just have to try to
broadcast the best audio we can I heard
it sounded great to me I'm very sorry
what is dark matter animated series I'm
going to take an episode of batman the
animated series the old 90's animated
batman cartoon in which batman is what i
consider and i know what what rich
considers to be the very best Batman but
overdub I'm forgetting I'm gonna forget
his name now and I'm gonna feel really
bad Christian Bale no I'm going to avoid
what so who is the Kevin Conroy Oh
I'm going to overdub Kevin Conroy with
my impression of Christian Bale's Batman
from The Dark Knight series because I
think Christian Bale does a horrible
Batman voice he does he does you don't
just think that yes he's terrible he
sees the worst Batman right so let's go
last at all you have to go later
where's of me 20 minutes is making fun
of the Christian Bale Batman still funny
wasn't that like a decade ago yeah
hi Spinks oh yes Gina suave my Batman
oppression is is scooby-doo with
laryngitis that's how I do Batman that's
how I do Christian Bale's Batman
no that is not the famous project Hornet
we are talking about a project Hornet is
being updated it's out of our control at
the moment but it's still being worked
on I'm not gonna double up for it with
Michael Caine even though that's very
funny the the hard part is I mean do
what you got to do rich do what you got
to do that was a lost cause that was a
total lost cause I should pick the bane
episode and do a Bane oh that's a great
idea
that's very good fuck fuck fuck it's a
death try it again try again with
Alana's one more Landis starting weapons
are so all fucking week I'm just going
full on mana ship again yeah heyy my
favorite German brothers welcome you
know the what what rich and I discovered
in looking through old Batman the
Animated Series episodes
his Batman actually does very little
talking he's a man of few words
he talks when he needs the dark and
that's why he's great because that fits
in with the character efficient
efficient he fit he thinks it through
he's efficient and he's not he's not
it's not moralizing too much he's not
preaching that preacher preaches well
that's what makes him work well with
someone like you know the flash or
Superman it's like contrast yeah there
are different levels all right name I
need some names to need two names Oh
what names I'm on it yeah I'm on it
all right we're gonna throw everyone in
the randomizer and we have mr. shy smile
shy smile okay and now this is gonna be
subs only pick a random oh well we've
got on last ship I'm sorry
how about Thor takus th AR t I see us 30
cos boom
yes anyone who types anything into the
chat automatically gets added to the
name random and as a vacation pool
interesting that's interesting there's
an episode of Justice League where
Batman sings a song in order to save
Wonder Woman I like is that ripping off
the the famous Buffy episode people have
to sing what there's a if they're an
episode of Buffy the Vampire Slayer was
a musical episode it's got a magical
spell forced people to sing I you know
what I've never watched Buffy the
vampire thing this is just something
I've heard oh okay
no we have a name randomizer it's part
of leftover beefcakes watcher not only
does it save all of our subscribers for
when it's time to read our subscriber
names it also is a chat or random a
random offical random efficacious random
efficacious engine okay
rev up the random of occasion engine
I've never seen Buffy I never got into
it I hear good things I saw the movie
everyone saw the movie I think right did
you see the movie for which Buffy the
Vampire Slayer oh yeah long you know I
don't remember anything about it other
than pee-wee Herman was in it right
paging mr. Herman paging mr. Herman
christina applegate Luke Perry and
that's all I can remember but yeah I
enjoyed I enjoyed the movie but I never
got around to watching the show
boarding drone you could have you could
have started in the weapons room rich
someone is asking where to some of this
thing they just recently saw your brutal
doom stream yeah where do you go to get
brutal doom just really can't get any
more specific then Google will help you
well there you go
Buffy is like Stargate the shitty 1994
movie awesome 1997 TV series I've heard
really good things and I enjoy Joss
Whedon as a director in general and I
know that was kind of one of his
projects but I've just never got around
to it because I don't care about
vampires that much
yes that wasn't Christina Applegate and
Buffy Wow
no it wasn't was trying to remember
wasn't she Applegate though they're
saying Kristy Swanson yeah yeah who the
fuck is Kristy Swanson Buffy
well then we'll grab besides Buffy I
don't know what you want me to tell you
jacked
who is this person who is Kristy so
you're I mean you're absolutely right
what is that what else and what would I
know her from she hasn't worked in a
while Kristy Swanson
or she does not get a lot of work in
general Kristy Swanson oh oh she was in
she was in dude where's my car so she's
got that going for she was in she was in
the phantom well then I would know her
cuz I loved the Phantom she was in stuff
at the time I remember that much she was
in mannequin on the move
oh god yes that was her mannequin to
where they could equal that nobody asked
for where they couldn't get Kim control
back they got Kristy Swanson oh man I
think that's great
mannequin two on the move starring
crista swanson flak gun I'll take that
double flak it's some double flak action
I should do a phantom review I want to I
want to I don't know if anyone will talk
to me about the phantom I'll just be
honest with you I have I have been I've
made some not so subtle suggestions that
I would love to do of the phantom or the
shadow because I love those movies i
watch the shit out of those movies as a
kid and I have made some not so subtle
recommendations but I don't think anyone
will do it with me because no one else
no one else cares about schlocky 90s
superhero movies like I do and Supergirl
of course I love Supergirl yep do a
double pre superhero well that's the
thing about those movies is that was
that was well before the superhero cycle
kicked off that was still like superhero
training wheels you know just trying to
figure out how to make a superhero movie
people got lucky with Batman and then
everyone else stumbled for you know two
decades
I'm gonna take a rock man they barely
got Batman right we could do we could do
the Phantom the shadow and the dolph
lundgren punisher movie which is
something pretty special you get to see
Delta Lundgren's but what do you have
for weapons nothing
you start off the teleporter that's a
drone ship I can't board it oh shit
Dolph Lundgren's but yep the Nick Fury
movie doesn't really count because it
was a made for sci-fi movie like any
made-for-tv movie I feel doesn't count
I'd love just to get you know what I'd
actually what might be a good idea I
want just leave fleeing what well I mean
I mean I was talking about as far as
reviews are concerned yeah a Punisher
retrospective okay is we watch the Dolph
Lundgren the Thomas Jane Punisher war
zone and then the Punisher Netflix
series and do a compare and contrast of
all of them he could that might not be a
bad idea
it's XJ about that here I just have no
oxygen there there we go and you know
what I've actually never seen Punisher
war zone I've heard it's the best
Punisher I've heard it's like the
awesome Punisher yeah I have it either
and I've heard that about it yeah and I
you know no particular reason I just
never got around to it what Netflix
series the they're starting a Punisher
Netflix series and The Punisher was part
of daredevil season 2 and he's getting
his own series which comes out soon I
think I think
Punisher not war zone the Thomas Jane
Punisher is a little tough to watch yeah
that was part of the awkward years I
kind of jump why can't I jump in Toronto
oh my god oh wait but you beat the ship
yeah this is fucking flares it doesn't
automatically jump no because of the
flares yep oh Jesus this is I'm not
having a good FTL de Jack I'm sorry
about that we're not having a good day
at all
tech support oh we're not tech support
killed us gosh darn killed us
if you watch war zone also check out how
did this get made episode featuring
Patton Oswalt and war zone director Lexi
Alexander oh okay cool I'm just excited
I've always heard good things about it I
mean I should just watch it that's one
of those I should just watch cuz I bet
it's fun listen John tried his best and
here's here's what I'm gonna say about
John and his excuse me his exploit
tech-support we were almost two hours
late because we were doing tech support
with xsplit and we couldn't figure out
how to get the elgato stream game Game
Capture HD we couldn't figure out how to
get xsplit to recognize it even though
it should have worked there was a lot of
uninstalling there was a lot of
redownload in reinstalling restarting
computers all that jazz at the end of
the almost two hours it didn't work
still and we were you know it almost
seems like we gained nothing and lost
everything right but here's what I will
say here's the positive outlook of that
terrible situation is hopefully we sent
them all of our crash information and we
sent them a whole bunch of like
technical specs that they are gonna
forward on to their software engineers
to try to figure out what happened so
hopefully our pain will save future
streamers some strife maybe maybe right
that's that's all I can hope is that our
suffering and pain will save future
generations
645 I don't know what that means what's
gone Oh about our capture card what
about it I don't know something about it
being direct something
why use xsplit because OBS was crashing
on us constantly and so far beyond this
whole elgato capture card thing yeah
yeah xsplit worked pretty perfectly for
us besides you know like if we ever want
to stream anything that's not a PC game
then we're gonna have a problem problem
was you
why am I getting so many groom ships I
take out take out my Manas cruiser and
drum ship from Jim Brown Jim Crow Jim
Grobe Jim the you got a drone ship
here's a drum ship drum ship drone ship
that's the day that's the the the the
random number generator the the god of
dice run G yeah our God run G is upset
with you and you must make a sacrifice
to run G all right basically anything
that doesn't have direct show has to
have special support programmed into the
capture software stuff that is direct
show just works in Windows capture
software 645 give me an example of a
capture card that does have direct show
let me see here 6:45 I'm gonna pop you
open here so I can follow your chat
specifically
after the mist and the expanse I'm a
die-hard times Jane fan that says the
farce awakens he's really good in those
I'll give you that I will give you that
he's really good in the expanse
oh my god
okay where are we oh shit I let it get
away from you know what model Elgato the
we have the Game Capture HD it's not the
newest one the newest one is like the
Game Capture 60 something we just have
the regular HD one sorry shit your shit
worship we got shit so it's quite
possible if we got the newer version it
would work with this and this is the
older version but this version should
work with it so and you know I use this
this is what I used to capture gameplay
footage at home and with the elgato
software it always works flawlessly
flawlessly right I don't know what to
tell you Jan I don't know you know
there's nothing I can tell ya there's
nothing that can help it's all it's all
horrible right yes
now thank you for the recommendation 645
I'll look into those and I will say yeah
the new the other positives about
upgrading our cap are even our al gato
capture card is right now ours is using
the USB 2 interface and the new elgato
capture cards use the USB 3 interface
and it has a significantly shorter lag
time so I'm thinking about it it's
basically I'm saying I'm thinking about
it
okay I'm behind on your tips where are
we rebel bases hey guys I know you have
many games to play but I'd like to throw
this on the pile Call of Duty infinite
warfare it's actually a lot of fun and
plays like a Neill Blomkamp directed
Battlestar Galactica that was the one of
where they were in space right and I
think that was the one that both rich
and I said this kind of looks like fun
and then it got shit on by all the fans
right track me at all and then
immediately they said oh fuck it we're
going back to World War Two yeah we're
going back reset
but we probably probably any Call of
Duty game we probably won't get around
to probably yonder yonder says I just
wanted to wish you a happy three-year
anniversary
oh my corn on this day three years ago
rich you chose Theodore Rex for your
best of the worst okay okay and I do not
regret that decision and you you chose
it as your best the one I did chosen as
the worst of the worst scores but I
think matheno rex taming the t-rex karna
sir taming the t-rex was a closed set
it's been three years apparently that's
what they're saying we've been doing
this for a while Wow we've been doing
this for a goddamn we'll keep getting
older does exist it doesn't stop I think
many people would consider that a
positive because you know when it stops
you got a problem
I stand by my choice of Theodore Rex I
think we got the most comedy out of that
I had the mote I was more engaged
watching that absolute clusterfuck of a
movie even though taming the t-rex was
it was a close second
let's see here Brown Adam Sandler since
I was walking around college when
someone hands me a folded up thing with
a weird shape I open it and it's a penis
with watch American vandal on Netflix
written on good for you
not bad marketing Netflix that's I think
I've brought this up before satire
versus what I like to call new satire I
feel like there are two shades of satire
one that just Lampoon's the original
material and one that simultaneously
makes fun of the original material but
also pays respect to it the classic
example is Spaceballs versus shaun of
the dead yeah
Spaceballs makes fun of Star Wars yeah
but it's not a good sci-fi movie on its
own right Shaun of the Dead makes fun of
zombie movies but is a good zombie movie
right correct so those are my two
different shades of satire and American
vandal is this new satire we're just
just from the premise alone trying to
trying to solve the case of who
spray-painted dicks on the teachers cars
just on the premise alone makes fun of
the genre but pays such a deep respect
to the true mystery documentary
parody versus a sorry yeah I always get
those confused I know they're there
they're slightly different but for me oh
nothing for me I feel I feel gypped I'm
very very sorry rich everyone check your
jack is raw I get parody and satire
mixed up I know they have slightly
different definitions what is the
different definition I have no idea but
they're making their I because I called
it satire
there they're saying I got it wrong name
to chant news all right here's I'm gonna
pick everyone jsg underscore three and
one more sinnerman sy and an ER ma n all
right great all right here we go
Greg continuing a grand adventure tour
of the stars
mind control to mods it's rigged it's
random that's all I can say is it's
random it's a random mind control a lot
of that's a big investment right now
maybe later
mind control yeah I wanted yeah
not for not for half of my scrap I need
I need to find some kind of backup
weapon sure
ions would be great I need the disabled
med base the disabled med bay button I
need a button hacking might fit the bill
yeah yeah hacking would be nice I should
right now I need to get to the exit time
okay right here for this rich dump dump
dump dump dump y'all ready for this nice
dance that that that that that that
Danton answer that that that that be
parody a form of satire that imitates
the characteristic style of a particular
writer musician artist speaker or genre
using deliberate exaggeration for
comedic effect satire the use of humor
ridicule irony or exaggeration to make
fun of or expose the or and criticize a
person's vices or lack of intelligence
okay so instead of instead of satire
versus new satire really what I'm what
what I mean it or what I want to say is
parody versus new parody but parody is
in itself a form of satire so it's one
of those every rectangle is a square and
what is it what's the there's a square
right thing I think basically once more
critical than the other I believe so
okay okay great do I want I think it's
the ng mid baat dispersal 440 scrap
healing yeah I really need it okay
Healing is nice it's nice or I could
just run them into a med bay sure I'm
playing with mantises I'm not super
worried about what if you give them to
what happens if you give them 25 scrap
nothing I don't recall okay I honestly
don't recall shit
yeah I know if the met if the medibot
dispersal worked when you were boarding
that would be an easy fucking call oh
yeah
med bonds are wasted if you go clone Bay
I have no plans to go clone babe I never
go clone Bay and I hate the clone Bay
thank you I hate it
I've got lots of scrap really yeah you'd
be surprised how fast scrap can vanish
I'll just upgrade this upgrade this now
I want to buy a gun oh I don't have
enough right yep yep yep
cuz you know once you upgrade something
then you also need to add some power
bars and it all gets fucked absolutely
fiery dog poop says greetings from
Malaysia just wanted to say I love
everything that rlm and prereq does
quick question how drunk
does the rlm crew get when filming a
best of the worst episode
and where's which episode was the
drunkest it really does vary
I don't like there's been a few cases
where a couple of us I'm not gonna name
names have been possibly too drunk
usually at least one person is not that
drunk you know so they can turn off the
cameras and make sure you know the
cameras are in focus because it's all
you know we're also working yep
you want Halloween that's one of the big
ones that and that was not my fault
I take no root I mean I've obviously
like I drank it all but I asked me on
Halloween last Halloween I asked because
Josh was here and so I asked Mike and
Jay whether or not I was going to be on
the panel right and they said no and I
said great they're not you know I'll
make my quips on the couches and I'll
just get drunk and that'll be that'll be
my night and it'll be great and then
they blindsided me and said oh actually
you're on the panel
ding to the nerf defense drones oh yeah
that's right you weren't gonna be on the
panel originally everybody that I
specifically asked them because like
because I brought all of this really
nice beer and I was I was gonna hold off
on right right gonna be on the panel and
they say oh no yeah you won't be on the
panel you and I said no that's perfect
I'll watch the movies I make jokes I'll
drink it'll be great
that's it that'll be my Saturday it'll
be great so and then you have at the
very last minute
the Pope pushed me on the panel
so
do I like strawberry one I don't know if
I've ever had strawberry wine but that
that day Tommy slow on last Halloween I
was drinking Oh
Sixpoint resin which is a double IPA
it's these thin green cans and it's like
drinking gasoline it's something like
nine point seven percent alcohol per
beer and they're very high alcohol
content so it's beer I that I love and I
was having many of them so
yeah you know drinking a little bit it's
what I was doing
it's a double IPA and they actually have
six point has a triple IPA which is
something like 10.5% alcohol and oh nice
Oh father that's the kind of beers that
I like I like the really high alcohol
beers because then I don't have to drink
as many of them and in my in my stupid
reasoning it's calorie conscious because
then I can just have one beer and it's
like I drank three but the problem is
then I drink three of those beers and
then it's like a drink 9 it's
exponential oh Jesus
Oh were you hanging back where did they
get you
no I just missed I'm Thanks
bitch you can do it rich I believe in
you I believe in you
I don't know J fresh has a question for
you rich I'm in the middle of enterprise
overall I think the show is okay not
great what are your thoughts I've seen
four episodes and I got bored and I
stopped watching underpriced before you
got four up they have four episodes in
minutes like I has stupid
that's more than I got it yeah yeah you
know how many I got in the pilot none
yeah they just look dumb mmm vacuum on
you can't trust Scott Bakula oh my god
like quantum leap I like quantum leap
but I'm not gonna trust him to be a
captain alright that was far more
devastating that it should have been far
more devastating that it should have
been
these these runs with the what this
Manta ship they always start so glorious
what he do
yeah they do and then they always they
end like this I don't get it
I miss time I just just that one delay
that one encounter I got my health is
fucked up god she's one bad encounter
Jesus rich and I couldn't I couldn't
flee because I got shot directly in the
piloting centre home yeah see here mochi
b85 to say Wreckers Jack I'm catching up
on the expanse season 2 this show is so
great
fuck yeah it is best sci-fi on TV right
now absolutely better than a sci-fi
channel show ought to be it's really
true it's it's very very good if rich is
let down by STD the expanse would be a
great antidote I need to check that out
you do you doing I'm trying not to you
know cuz it's a cable thing I don't
actually don't know if the first season
is on Netflix or anything yet but
fantastic show fantastic sci-fi show you
can tell like they dumped sci-fi at the
sci-fi channel put a lot of their eggs
in that basket because it has a bigger
budget than it should good bye
oh god I just need to get out of here as
quickly as I possibly can we're fucked
yeah yeah we're fucked
geeze charging Shoji oh there goes dad
goes I'm done I'm so sorry I'm done what
do you want play jak I'm done you're
done done that's fair rich that's
absolutely fair
it's my Wang they for me I believe you I
believe you and I'm sorry for that
while we were doing tech support while
we were doing tech support rich you
should know that Lisa was texting me
wondering about biscuits bowel movements
she said she we recently cleaned out his
litter box you know like fully like you
know take all the little out of it wash
it down and she went down to scoop and
and she said there wasn't it there was
nothing in there she has did you do you
scoop his litter box today I said no she
goes there's nothing in there we didn't
we clean that out like a couple days ago
yeah you know like thinking there's
something wrong with them and I was like
I I don't know when it could have been
yesterday I forget when we cleaned it
out and she's like ah I'm just worried I
don't want to be backed up or anything
and he's never had any health problems
and so but here's uh you should know
yeah yeah she just texted me
biscuit just pooped and peed so now you
guys know cuz I it's because I know and
that's in my head now now you guys know
okay you're welcome did you want to try
that twin-stick shooter one you're like
that I don't you don't here's the thing
I have looked into ruiner yeah because
I'm you know the same well it's devolver
digital they do a ton I
if they did hotline Miami or if they
just distributed it but it just doesn't
look that interesting to me alright
alright I totally thought that was up
your alley yeah it looks like one of
those things that might be up my alley
but it's just it looks simple enough
give it a shot everyone wants in is that
what they're saying that's seen a lot of
ruiner your order please yeah you know
what give it a shot sure if you hate it
yeah we do something else
no if I hate it then we can just talk
about how much I hate it do ruin air
there it is yeah fuck it we'll do it
gentle login is you can't you love it
who could call yeah you know I'm good go
change users also from doing what how's
everyone doing hey everybody hey how's
everybody doing tonight everybody having
a good time that's great ok so where did
we leave off here the expanse the
expanse Richard did it say Richard watch
the experience catching up on the
expanse season 2 show so great yeah yep
hold on my steam code I can't tell
anyone no I know hyper starties says
Jack Jack The Punisher game is a pretty
great shooter that is also voiced by
Thomas Jiang
anything we did the voice for that
there's a Punisher game yeah did it come
out while ago early 2000s mid 2000s from
mid you know to omit oughts
was it on Steam it is on Steam wait is
this no no that's Thomas Shane oh this
is just a movie oh the movie
The Punisher game is not an ad on Steam
but the Punisher movie is on Steam
that's very generous yeah I know it's
got a torture and interrogation /
torture mechanic really yeah hmmm what
did that come out for everything all the
consoles at the time sure sure were
there ever a PC release for that there's
a Punisher Nintendo game from the 80s
you guys need to find oh that's awesome
there's a like what do what do you call
those shooting gallery type of game
screen Scrolls and you shoot at shed Oh
like with the light gun I don't know if
you can hook the light gun up to it but
there's like a little cursor you can
control with the d-pad oh how cute and I
absolutely love that game music that
goes with the dudududududududududududu
well shooter Thank You Chad Oh get like
Hogan it is there's kind of a Punisher
in the bottom of the screen and you can
kind of move the dodge shit no it's
great that's always I'm great it's the
talking about that Punisher get the
other Punisher game the 3d one yeah it's
the best adaptation of the Garth Ennis
run off Punisher comics mmm you
mentioned Garth eNOS but not Steve
Dillon who the the art style it's quite
clearly based in his art style I am I am
disappointed Wow
what you guys disappointed rich you need
to think about that you need to sit down
and think about that now I think I
already died or something but Steve
Steve Dillon highly underappreciated I'm
gonna look up this I'm gonna see what
this game Killa what the Punisher game
came out for 360 Playstation 3 that late
1993 video game no that's not that's not
it that's not it
oh no of course that's a beat him up
that's a beat him up right there how
about 2005 video game midot sounds like
yet Oh came out for PlayStation 2 Xbox
and windows so that's PlayStation 2 era
it's probably before steam was a big
thing I'm sure No well fuck I gotta pee
gotta pee s2 at home I got a ps2 we can
get ourselves a Punisher gameplay a
little Punisher we can add that to our
Punisher review someone to play that
with a mouse though you can't I got I
get to track down a PC copy I can be
done sure it could be done well you know
what we'll google it it had somebody
just certain Amazon release oh actually
hold on we can do this while we wait oh
great
while we wait for ruiner to download I'm
going to I'm going to send a xsplit DMP
pile DMP file you do whatever you to
tech support all right
Huff Hardin says hey guys ah harder
excluding the Batman animated animated
series yeah which superhero cartoon
would be a distant second for you I grew
up loving x-men knowing it had flaws
theme song
gets me hyped for anything yeah the
superhero cartoon spectacular spider-man
totally spectacular spider-man there's
there's never been a more accurate
version of spider-man in a cartoon than
spectacular
the soap opera nature of it the ups and
down ups and downs Peters live they
handled the villains all very well I
like the way they did story arcs
spectacular spider-man hands fucking
down yeah I never got to see that one
but I like you know for me I had that
wonderful few years where it was
animated x-men animated spider-man and
the tick mm-hmm Saturday morning that
was a glorious Saturday morning like I
want to say before that eek the cat was
on I love the tick but 90s spider-man
didn't do it for me I can't give you any
specific reason just did not do it for
me oh I liked it I liked it I thought it
was you know it was obviously like it
was cheap but you know for the time it
was like hey this is something and that
um the voice after Christopher Daniel
Barnes is the name of another voice
actor who did Peter Parker just great
great Peter Parker yeah that Fox
Saturday morning was so great and x-men
oh that x-men cartoon was awesome I mean
it wasn't but it was you know I'm sure
I'm sure it didn't help of the 90s
cartoon came out in the 90s during the
Clone Saga and for a while there
anything spider-man related just made me
want to throw up
sure and that didn't help the and they
touched on the Clone Saga a little bit
in the later season Oh then but then the
show definitely sucks no touch just
touched on that it definitely sucks just
a little bit not a whole lot you know a
lot of it suck you know what ultimate
spiderman started to suck like the
turning point when they when they did
their version of the Clone Saga it has
never worked out well for them and they
they keep going there I'm so sorry
fuck the clones I got honestly whoever's
idea that was was it wasn't the original
thing is because because Peter was
getting married they wanted to like keep
like the single spider-man yeah so
they're like yeah so their workaround
for that was okay Peter can still be
married but now this new character who
was actually the real Parker the whole
time and you know if you if you were
like me and Peter Parker you grew up
with was the post clone the original
clone thing Peter Parker yeah the prick
Peter Parker who was now the clone yeah
that was such a slap directly to my
fucking face yeah and how did they not
see that coming how did they not see
that they betrayed all of their friends
fans because DC made a lot of money with
with their big continuity shakeups that
were done much smarter in the death of
Superman and the whole nightfall thing
with breaking the Batman's back sure but
they they knew where they knew what they
were doing with those they had outs they
had a storyline that an end planned and
Superman was always gonna come back
after he died and Bruce Wayne was always
gonna be Batman again after that
storyline right not so with the the
Clone Saga that's a huge fucking mess
it's a nice series of articles I don't
even know if there's you you can still
find them easily on the internet anymore
but it was a nice behind-the-scenes kind
of look at the Clone Saga called the
life of Riley really yes
Ben Riley the you know the the the
spider clones yeah the life of Riley
just about everything that happened like
they went in with a more focused plan
and they always did want to get rid of
Peter Parker because you know there were
idiots and didn't realize the fans were
attached to the one who was the clone
but their original plans were a lot more
sensible than what what ended up
spiraling out of control started seeing
dollar signs sure sure no well you know
the here's here's the bad part about
playing ruiner
it's gonna take a while to download it's
a bigger game and then we thought wait
how big an download like we got like a
half an hour half an hour yeah alright
let me do this next room yeah okay ah no
problem
I'm on it lucky
oh nice belong to you like spunky you
know it's been a long time since I
played spelunky and I like spelunky hey
and spelunky more ardently installed is
installed let's uh let's find me a controller

[Part II]
me installed installed let's uh let's
find me a controller I know where they
are in our controller basket I won't get
I won't oh no nevermind there's one
right there rich there's one right
fucking there
sf Parliament says does anyone our LEM
like watership down enough to get a
review on it well not me
I've never heard micro Jay or anyone
else talk about it
Brown ah oh nine oh nine says why did
you guys do it wait I have no idea if
that has even happened this is the first
I'm hearing about it
no idea nonnamous says hey rich just
started watching next-gen your
recommendation finally got me to watch
it thank you
only two seasons in and I have a
question do the uniform colors mean
anything rich red is like you know
command blue is science and yellow seems
to be either engineering or security
yeah it's weird that engineering and
security have the same you think they
should have four colors yes and for some
reason they change it up I guess they
just thought the red looked nicer with
the new style uniforms in the original
series yellow was command and yeah red
was engineering insecurity that's why
the red shirts or the red shirts sure
because these the dumb security guys at
the red shows okay
the crime tonight we're getting crazy
lemon-flavored Oh sy Sperling says hi
rich
hi jack what were your best Halloween
costumes when you were kids now the only
one I really remember well there's two I
remember I'm spider-man once okay what
is this that's the free oh that's for
the controller please thank you you're
spider-man one and it wasn't one of
those cheap like plastic maths it was
actually I liked because it was a guy
spider-man ski mask it was actually like
a cloth mask and then Indiana Jones cool
any favorite Halloween costumes I think
I'm talking about this before I one of
my favorites yeah there is a full screen
what's that - oh shit
our full screen was set to OFF and then
when I said it's on we got an error I'm
sorry
we got a fatal error I'm sorry we have
nothing but problems tonight we have
nothing but brother nothing but problems
oh so can you change in chatty yeah the
game yeah perfect
great okay so apparently I can't play in
full-screen okay which is just gonna
have to be fine no what's like he could
see everything so it was one of the one
of the last times I actually went out
trick-or-treating and I was I was you
know just old enough to stop going
trick-or-treating cuz it wasn't cool
anymore I went as the devil and it was
inspired by Tim Curry's devil from
legend mm-hmm and so like you know my
body was just a black cloak that was
pretty standard but like I did my face
and all red
I even had like the cool like eyebrow
and chin and nose and cheekbone
prosthetics like I had to put like you
know to glue them on my face I painted
my whole head red I I got these huge
horns off of my head that was route that
was really great and then I custom built
my own stilts that I screwed onto the
bottom of old shoes give me an extra
like foot and a half you gone for like
legend yeah yeah yeah and so like I was
a giant red devil and I thought it was
really great legend which to this day
has the single greatest Satan costume of
all time
yes Tim Curry yeah yep rich rich was not
listening to me when I said it was
inspired by Tim Curry from London
all right let's go let's do this Jack
was 20 I know I wasn't 20 I wasn't old
enough to drive yet I was a mid teenager
so I was probably like 13 or 14 yes kid
I said oh it's a kid but it was just at
that age where it's like oh you're going
trick-or-treating that's not cool
anymore and me he's like especially as a
bit of a fatter kid I was like but I
like candy oh shit I've forgotten how to
play still liking happens oh yeah
clearly I forgot how to play it yeah you
get out of the flow
which never listens to Jack stories
that's not true I listen to plenty of
Jack stories but sometimes I'm reading
what you people have to say and I can't
pay attention to everything 100% that's
true and to miss things that's true also
I talk a lot and so I just can't like I
can't I can't begrudge anyone who
decides not to listen for a little bit I
only missed the first part of the story
where he said what the inspiration was
no these people are mean stop being so
mean to rich Foley says hey guys this
tip is to make up for the fiasco I
caused last time what did you do I don't
even remember love you guys hope you're
having a good night also any ideas for
the next review a man if only I knew
what it was
but I'm not telling let's come back huh
it's comfort they know that oh fuck it
we think we said that did we I do have a
problem I'm pretty sure we actually said
that yeah unless we didn't in which case
I just screwed the pooch
I don't remember you know what I just
don't remember oh is that the two
hundred dollar donation fiasco okay okay
oh yeah yeah well hey we got it taken
care of and that's all that really
matters is we didn't steal your money
is we didn't steal your money that's the
important part yeah I know it's cuphead
and actually I'm most of the way done
with it should we I mean what sited kind
of insight should we give them or just
let it let it happen it's gonna be a
short review so just let it happen
all right we're just gonna let it happen
then yeah but I'm really hoping that I
can have it done edited by tomorrow and
so then it might go up tomorrow night or
it might go up Friday that would be
really great and but I'm not you know
I'm not sure because
al and T cases please take some dollars
as repayment for using ad blockers my
wife and I gets entertainment value from
our LM thanks heart emoji heart emojis
long as you're paying us I guess it's
alright yeah hey hey give us some money
somewhere where we're awful
we're just awful kibosh Muller qisas
longtime listener first-time caller
that's not that's a radio joke thanks
for the years of goodness
now that rich is a legit voice actor and
some notable projects voice acting
something that he wants to pursue as a
career it's it's something I would
probably do when people ask me to do but
I don't think I'm very good at it
I disagree did you see or two loud voice
it's me and I get so self-conscious when
I watch anything that I have performed
in I get super super self-conscious yeah
but it's like a voice performance
difference not no no it's not well I
think your performance in that and the
end is nigh is very good like like best
of the worst is different because that's
not a performance that's just us talking
it's shitting friends but acting in
something oh god oh god every time every
time I cringe I think in in the - in the
- you know big tiny projects that you've
done
I think I think you did a great job oh
I'm also I mean I'm biased because I was
there with you right like right but we
wouldn't we wouldn't have hand it off
and we wouldn't have handed off your
voice if we thought it was subpar I'm
not expecting to get very far this run
I'm just kind of warming up yeah you do
you Jack I'm doing you do you this is
this is the greatest game if you guys if
you guys love this game you know that
Derek you is it Eric you or Derek Lou
who made this game who was the designer
of this game his name is Derek and I
want to say it to you but I could be
mistaken he wrote a book all about the
design of this game yeah and where his
inspirations came from early days of
coding what he was doing beforehand it's
a thorough deconstruction of everything
that went into the creation of spelunky
what is Derek Ukraine did he give any
any credit to spelunker little credits
spelunker and a little credit to you
know a bunch of different things but
like he you know a lot of credit just
came from outside sources where you know
he's like oh I took him for inspiration
from this movie and that's why this is
this and that's why this is this it's a
fantastic read if you
if you're into spelunky it's a really
great read and I highly recommend it
he's also in a really good noclip he is
he is he's in a noclip with with
Jonathan Blow and Jim the guy who did a
frog fractions okay okay about the
discovering stuff in video game videos I
bomb there because there is a pickaxe in
there oh you just saw an accident no I
didn't see a pickaxe I've played this
game enough where I know that at the
bottom of every snake pit there is a
pickaxe at the very bottom really yes
there are things that you can discover
and learn in this game that's an
interesting one
yeah so at the at the bottom of every
snake pit there will always be a pickaxe
because I have problems I have problems
and I know these things
lose the hunk a hunk
dear Jesus I am proud to announce that
your 14000 illegitimate sons are
ransacking the entire building they're
after you you did it a lot of references
to something I did in high school lately
don't you had one versus his sons it's
just never gonna go away
you don't think of these things she's
just goofing around after school in high
school right as well never be in
politics
Never Say Never Say Never rich the rules
they are a-changin
Becky got Plato's Becky for rich how
come I'm not afraid fear of companies
the possibility of death calm scheppers
and servitude I love hanging with you
man
it's Farscape courts they're basically
going on a suicide mission
how come I'm not afraid big tough guys
is it worth it is the worm worth it
maybe the worms here rich fuck it you
know what this is just a warm-up run
anyway let's go for it
sound like some kind of like jackass
college jock
satsang women warm is always worth it
alright I'm in the warm Anonymous's can
one of you hum the x-men theme song for
us so we can all smile and it's a great
Danton oh yeah that's that's good it's
burned in the old brain J fresco to says
rich I think for Halloween review you
should do the thing you will finally see
it as a first-time viewer and J can
comment as a longtime fan of carpenter
it's definitely time for you
Lindsay I think there are plans for
Halloween Anonymous's how good would a
rich Edlund son / daughter revenge
script ala kill bill have to be to get
you guys to green lighting and what's my
budget
the work here okay so here's the thing
the worm is never worth it what do you
get for the world if you get all the way
to the bottom of the worm you replace
your whip with a super-strong knife okay
that does a lot of damage and it is
never ever worth it so then you're
asking why did I do it because it's fun
and if you can do it it's kind of fun
but it's never ever worth it the worm is
worth it
if you're going for a hell run and you
only do it on ice cave one one I don't
know my spelunky this is all this is all
gibberish to me right this is like all
the little things you know about other
games this is all the stuff I know about
spelunky and like to me even if you're
on a hell run it's not worth it because
the the extra damage that it does isn't
worth the possible hearts lost because
if you're going on a he'll run you have
much better equipment and bonus hearts
anyway so
okay so this is a snake bit level
cuphead has better music don't wanna
spoil something I had something to save
our cut heads music all rich wait till
you see that is it glorious it's
hilarious
kudos rich is what I'm trying to say I'm
here on your astute observation
Branagh oh nine oh nine how do you come
up with the name red letter media I am
NOT person to ask because I did not come
up with that
and I'm sure it's a relatively unexcited
reason right probably along the lines of
how we need a name for the company for
tax reasons I need to file my taxes as a
company with this pride that I don't
know but I don't I don't think there's
any grand story
all right you got something we got it we
got the makings of something over here
we're gonna ghost we're gonna ghost a
little bit we got two gems over here we
got three gems over there so we're gonna
we're gonna conjure the ghost and see if
we can see if we can get rich okay go
for it
shadow a week thises long time red
letter media fan and longtime donator of
several hundreds dollars
my only puppy is dying of her sin to
seed and is in need of a treatable
surgery oh sorry
can I have my money back to cover the
cost I'm sorry
anonymous says rich and Jack have you
guys ever received any odd or funny hate
mail or you couldn't believe the person
was being serious but was clearly upset
with something you guys said or did um
like actual mail no but you know angry
comments every now and then this one
time a guy wrote us a big thing about
why we should watch the Stargate I was
weird we did we ghost it successfully
rich cool so now I have a hella money
now I have hella money which means that
if there's anything good and the shops
coming up I can buy it
you should be you should be I'm also
very happy about that sometimes you know
you wanna you wanna you found a new
pickaxe yeah there's another snake but
snake pits common every once in a while
they're coming ish so would you
prioritize the pickaxe over like a
shotgun yes especially these early
stages shotguns are you know really
great at dealing with enemies but the
the pickaxe gets you the treasure and
this early game you know it's all about
getting it's all about getting the money
it's all about getting the money and
what's really important is if I want to
get if I want to get the eye of ujat if
that's what the name is if I want to get
the eye that starts the cycle of really
winning the game the pickaxe is really
helpful
sorry I'm just one down I'll check the
the 108 page Phantom Menace rebuttal
some fan wrote a hundred eight page
Phantom Menace review rebuttal yeah
defending the Phantom ass that does not
count as heat mill you know it was dick
clearly hateful because that was not
mail sent to us that was something some
horrible social outcasts posted to an
incredibly nerdy Star Wars message board
it's not a hate mail what happened I did
a dumb
we're just neater we're not having a
good day here Jack in any fasten in any
way it's not happening I did that was
that was a bet that was a bad mistake
that was a really dumb mistake I thought
I ran out of ropes and so I found myself
in a situation that I couldn't get out
of so I thought the smart play would be
to bomb the area next to me and jump out
of the blast radius and I did not jump
out of the blast radius and I thought it
very least I would you know get a little
bit of damage but I just saved dude so
he would kiss me and give me my health
back but it caused enough damage where
okay it was a super dumb mistake to me
there you go
that's all right we're still on it still
the greatest game ever you just can't
make dumb mistakes shadow Elite 5 says
puppey is staring at me and it's puppy
eyes so puppey is really important for
me okay i please have the money back no
sad face sad face sad face sad face sad
face sad face sad face sad face and it's
like some vici sad face is mixed in
there save the sad puppy please like
everything the eyes man everything dies
you know even your puppy I'm really
happy and yeah so what you should be
happy about is that you got to spend
some time with this
everything dies especially your papi
it's the prereq Terms of Service well
you know that's the thing like I'm sorry
that you're going through a rough time
right now with your puppy but yeah we
can't
we can't just
I am assuming it is a running joke to
you I'm not I'm not taking the puppy
very seriously
haha sure
you can
I will be
down here
come back down here you motherfucker ah
I got you I got you you fucking spider
Karen probably wants me to save the
puppy huh Karen probably wants me to
save the puppy nope you could save that
puppy oh yeah I'll save this puppy I
saved the last puppy I saw too so it's
not up to Karen
Karin would save all the puppies if we
kill the puppy in the studio right now
rich wouldn't even blink hey Jack's the
one that grew up on a farm yeah you got
that one puppies that was just part of
everyday life you got that backwards dog
mr. rich might actually care he likes
animals I'm the one that don't give a
fuck and I you know I mean I enjoy
animals it's not it's not like I'm 100
percent heartless I do you know I just
don't care that much this run just got
good explain there's somebody who you're
gonna get but it's snake oh my god so
there is a jet pack and I have enough
money to buy it and I have enough money
to buy spikey boots the cotton gloves
make you stick to the walls which can be
useful but who needs to do that when I
got a jet pack
so it wasn't like a whore a great combo
it was just that you found a job at Jeb
the jet packs jet packs are incredibly
overpowered purposely you know I need
some hearts so now I need some hearts
but I got a jet pack rich I understand I
understand the concept so like I never
have to worry about like getting trapped
anywhere like not being able to retrace
my steps
so you're trapped in this game no you
can never get trapped but what you can
do is get to a low state and not be able
to get back up okay and that's what I
meant by being trapped
you know jetpack
equals awesome I just have to
I am Chester since I've been playing
Dead Rising 3 seems decent what was your
thought side
I'll said what looks like you hi case
was delivered yeah yeah I got that it's
neat and Dead Rising 3 I haven't played
much of Dead Rising 3 which I guess that
says a lot
like get rid of timers and I understand
that you get timers in the third one and
like a hard mode but I doubt it's
balanced all that well and then in the
fourth one that I didn't fucking bother
with that
now it says tell the guy at the dog just
let it die go get another one
there's a bunch of dogs out there
because that's what life is a series of
dogs or cats if you're smart I don't
know if I agree that last part
why can't if you're smart I don't see
that yeah I mean cats are more
self-sufficient okay a dog will will
forever be a toddler oh I get that dogs
see you as family dog sees family but
also like think about the daily
responsibilities of a dog versus cat
right okay yeah here's the whole thing
though yeah it's reward versus effort
cat fairly self sufficient but not
especially affectionate it's just kind
of there yeah you got you're getting the
wrong honey
yeah I might have a cat just because it
was easier if I couldn't have but there
are far greater rewards I can see I
think that's a matter of opinion and
that's very that's very subjective to
the cat cuz you know some cats are just
more affectionate than other cats right
but no matter what don't you know dogs
need to leave the house several times a
day and that that is daily
responsibility where it's like cats you
can go out of town for a day and just
have a friend put food in its dish
it needs okay so like so here's the
thing right here's the great thing about
the jetpack the damsel and right near
the entrance yeah if I didn't have my
jetpack I'd have to use ropes to climb
all the way back up or bring her down
with me honestly injuring her but now I
get to clear the way okay while uh and I
can just come back up at any time
oh hello key okay the key opens up the
chest which gives me the eye of udjat
and I need the eye of udjat because then
I can see treasure and get these secrets
get to the secret shop and if I get to
the secret shop then I can get the ankh
and then I can die in the snow level and
if I die in the snow level with the Uji
ah'd I give this this game sounds kind
of great it's the great is just the
greatest
if I die in these then I owe so then I
can get to the City of Gold oh oh shit
shit I almost did a big stupid but I
didn't but I got to move for all so I'm
gonna have problems
oh I have them
dummy because I have the spiky boots
which so there's the there's the chest
what are the spiky boots do extra damage
it's like a boots - okay okay there's
the key
if you extra damage instead like spiders
are normally a big pain in the ass
boom I boot yeah
done all right now it's just important
to get out of Dodge
all right we gotta we gotta get going
before the ghost comes
I mean I've the of the jetpack so I can
be able to go very well but see now look
I can see it where all the hidden gems
are it so I can like if I had the
pickaxe I'd be in the money yeah yeah I
don't have a pickaxe
shit that's my damsel she's dead
shadow lead five says my puppy is now
dead
may I please have the money back to
cover the upfront funeral for the puppy
you got a shovel that's your funeral
cost right there borrow a shovel from a
neighbor or friend what Brock says if
you guys got the chance to play Sonic
mania or do you still hate Sonic yeah we
still hate Sonic huh
hates a strong word it really is but if
if you would have to insist that it's
either a extreme negative or extreme
positive opinion then fine I hate Sonic
yep and I just I just don't care enough
about Sonic media to want to play it
basically the Doosan a game actually
good well the surface so presumably were
the originals so that all depends on how
good you think the original sonex were
yeah apparently people who like the
original sonex really liked sonic mania
button widescreen can only help the
issues but not being able to see what
the fuck is in front of you that's true
I'll say that yeah so widescreen just
being widescreen probably hopes sure
what brick says I'll let the Wilson just
read that one it was a sonic 109 Emma
says jeez rich I was just trying to get
you to tell a funny story
any funny hate comments or criticisms in
any form that stood out to you jack or
rlm now I got to spend four dollars to
clarify he spent four dollars she's not
in business I don't know no I really
hate stories nothing I can remember
nothing I I focused on and that it
stands out to me to this day that I
haven't just read and moved on with my
life that's that's the real thing is
like a little bit so because I have he
probably said something really terrible
because he's posting is anonymous he
probably said something just absolutely
horrible and I just don't remember it at
all I mean that's that's just making
them even what they're hoping for is
like who that nasty mail yeah but it's
eating them up every day they think
about it
chant we streamed all of inside yeah
front to back it's pretty pretty
standard but yet meat and then you get
to the ending and then suddenly it's
amazing I because of the situation in
which I played it which is with you in
the stream I do think that the game as a
whole is amazing mm-hmm if I just played
it by myself alone maybe like break
broke it up through a couple days I
might have had a very different reaction
so like my my thinking inside being
amazing is very subjective based on how
I played it but yeah that ending the
blob monster gave me such a good laugh
it raised it up from an this is alright
to something that was briefly amazing
yeah
million bloodshot says hey Jack head of
New York Comicon tomorrow I'll ask the
valiant can send you a care package of
books so you can catch up
oh no I did and you know I just I was
just checking comiXology because a lot
of times valiant books are on comic
comics allergies unlimited and the
second Archer and Armstrong collection
is up now so I can catch up finally also
Archer and Armstrong movie is on the way
from the director of Zombieland secret
where's the damsel Jordana Soze is this
enough to stomp that puppy this may be
the wine target doing one to stop a
puppy yet that doesn't have a little
amount of money to stop a puppy to stop
a pup stomp oh just like for us to kill
a puppy relish the relish says hi rich
and watching you guys for years over
time I have accidentally developed a lab
very similar to yours it has both
horrified my friends and been a great
conversation starter
I relish it I'm glad to enrich your life
by way of you being a pale imitation of
me something ten seems to be going on
what is going on I got a problem
what is your problem okay so the thing
that this eye does do you see how it's
like glowing blue now yeah because
somewhere over here is the secret
oh wait there right there
fuck yours I didn't think I I didn't
think I'd have enough bombs yeah to get
to the secret shop rich I don't know if
I have enough money now actually oh the
puppy wanted a different door but you
still get the puppy I still get the
puppy oh I think I just need 2,000 more
dollars and this might turn into a
really amazing run so this is the black
market yeah this is the secret shop that
you need to get to in order to get to
the real true ending of the game okay
and I think I need two thousand more
dollars to to buy the unk okay great
I just need some gold I can do this I
can do this I can do this I can do this
what the hell is that guy he's a helper
what does he do he beats up stuff for
you and turns down there all right great
we got enough
we got enough we are good to go this is
this is super exciting for exciting
bayan boom these are all pieces of the
puzzle and these are all pieces of the
puzzle that you learn as you play the
game and okay so now that I have the
ankh I need to get to the ice levels and
I need to die in a very specific you
need to die I need to die in a very
specific section of the ice level this
game is so what's the word I'm looking
for
cryptic there's all this stuff layers
it's it's deep it's got layers rich
you're saying Jack you need more bombs I
could use more bombs I unfortunately
don't have any money
how much of bombs go you have close to
2,000 does the ghost come here - yeah
that goes with cupcakes I know I could
use more problems go strum the gems I
know I know
go threading is tough though and I don't
have I also just don't have a lot of
chant I know cryptic snot quite the
right words because I'm struggling to
find the right word for what this game
is what's the plan
okay great we made it everything's fine
everything's fine we made it and
everything's fine
mama says when you curb-stomp a baby for
a billion dollars
oh not a baby maybe a puppy a billion
for a billion you can curb stomp a puppy
for a billion you can curb Savin puppy
for a cup of coffee
well not me coffee
that's slander baby Hitler maybe like if
like time travel were involved what yeah
what do we curse on I'd curse on baby
Hitler what do we know about this baby
this is not where you need to die I take
it this is not where I need thyroids how
are you doing so bad on the summer
because the levels get harder the levels
get harder oh my god that was tense but
I need to go I needed some bombs 20
bombs was a minimum number of bombs more
than 6 more than I have right now but I
mean I have a while I have a while to
get more you'll die before that well
probably
vote of confidence why'd you get rid of
that pickaxe jack
look at all these gems I think I had to
person got a helper or is this one who's
gonna hurt you you think about it baby
Hitler still innocent
that's why is a a classic what does an
ethical debate a philosophical debate
I'm sure if someone has brought this up
oh yeah baby Hitler hasn't done anything
wrong yet
Tom Cruise movie Minority Report brought
this up oh yeah where's the damsel
avoiding you Oh Mary I need help
oh fuck
Oh what happened
you got spiked how did I get spies you
were standing next to the fingers come
on no I was paying attention to the
coast in the damsel consort it bad I'm
very sorry we start we start maybe I
could be Tomac son of a bitch I could
still be Tomac I'm assuming this is
something you have done before what the
hell oh yes yeah I've beaten Hal I've
beaten then I don't feel bad no no I'm
going to assume you've 100% of King Yama
oh yeah yeah
anima vita a hundred percent of this I
did this feet you know like there's a
speeder on achievement there's there's
all sorts of fun well I'll tell you what
Chad what about instead of killing baby
Hitler what if you just kidnap baby
Hitler and and raise baby Hitler right
what if you do that right
or you can just kill baby Hitler either
way
but if you let a Jewish family raise
baby Hitler I'm really I just think
anyway anyone who knows who Hitler is
gonna be raises Hitler and you're good
you know you know if a Jewish family
raises baby Hitler does that just mean
he's like prejudiced against other
people and not Jews does that create
like a whole different awful Hitler I'm
done talking about this I'm done oh all
right that's fine oh that's right I
could have sacrificed the Yeti - Cully
uh what would be any what you can
sacrifice dead bodies to the God and get
stuff okay
so you know can I not just the damsel it
can't be the damsel but yeah you get
different things yeah you have to you
have to sacrifice like three regular
things and then it equals a damsel okay
okay and I have the thing where I can
just really easily kill everyone for the
spike boots
there it is
see that that's where you have to die so
if I died on this level do you see the
symbol yeah for head if I died on this
level
I would then reincarnate inside that
head and be able to go to the secret
gold level any you died anywhere on this
level anywhere on this level okay and
you can still do the level get you know
get all the treasure you want do all
that but then you just die anywhere on
this level so close so fucking
at damsel
there is Lord save another puppy pumps
and really likes giving you puppies well
I haven't set low shit I haven't sent to
randomize yeah you can either get you
know the classic Indiana Jones damsel
yeah get the punk or you can get the
puppy so I have a sets of random key
plays a gorilla's I know there's
different skins yeah oh yeah you you can
play this girl a robot there's one that
you can unlock to play as meek boy I
don't know they're just like different
outfits for the same character or what
about different characters oh yeah and
and you know the modding community this
is really open to mods the modding
community is way up in it yeah so like
they have a whole mod to make everything
Metro everything you could be Samus and
then they change all the enemies into it
but it's like a big head samus like a
poofy Samus no I think it looks like
normal so yeah this is not open to mods
the original is no this is open two
months check it out check it before you
wreck it
what were the original beat it spelunky
classic what spelunky classic so this
game started off as like a super indie
and the graphics looked at um different
this was a just like a like a
free-to-play okay I didn't know that I
didn't know this I thought it was just
this oh no no and then you know it did
so well in the indie gaming community
and a lot of the same rules still
applied that during Xboxes big indie
push for the Xbox 360
mhm they were they were just looking for
people to make shit
and no steam workshop for spelunky HD no
no steam workshop that doesn't mean you
can't have mods there's there's mods for
the original well you I keep saying
original the reboot XCOM EU and they've
never been officially supported by steam
or for access britain the freakin long
war mod like the most popular thing ever
right it's a mod for that game
I'm very hard not to pull off her halter
but movie have I seen more than any
other movie I'm not sure I know that's
probably not the answer you're looking
for by the way that's a decent question
I don't I don't count the number of
times I've seen them have movies in
general right sure
whoa you know stuff like you know Empire
Strikes Back and you know original Star
Wars we've seen those a lot so I'm like
Wrath of Khan sure
aliens watch few times ghostbusters
nothing nothing shocking diehard
gremlins
on a long enough timeline
fury road would probably catch up with
some of those right Spaceballs not
really just a few times
it's Fight Club was on that list oh
you're sure
for me clerks would be on my list you go
right for that spaceship I'm gonna go
for it I don't know if this is the smart
call but I'm going for it there's
probably things I've watched a lot but
like as a kid that's that's how Star
Wars they're so much
and I think there's a single movie I've
watched more than Mel Brooks history of
the world
that's a fine movie that's not gonna be
in my list of most-watched history of
the world yeah simcha get out pretty
deep in them what you yeah I shouldn't I
shouldn't have gone I should not have
gone into the mothership I got cocky
what's the benefits like the one the
mothership I think has a more tangible
benefit but I four actually forgot what
it was well I was just like yeah I just
kind of felt like going for it now I was
having a really good run so I was like
yeah I can do the mothership look Chet
ruiner is probably downloaded by now
okay I think it's better just to save
that for next room I think that's the
wiser option here absolutely I don't I
know we got a late start but I don't
know I don't know how much longer we're
really gonna go tonight yeah I got a lot
I got a lot to do tomorrow oh yeah
I know what you guys to do tomorrow so
ya know what time is it
we go 10:30 we'll see how this run yeah
we'll see if this run takes us any place
if this is a decent run
we might get something fun we will see
I'm trying to think let's watch TV show
probably Star Trek The Next Generation
right probably
yeah I mean one day she's had a lot of
seasons and then you know watch out
watch out over and over I have an answer
for most watches in TV show and it might
be Aaron Sorkin's sports night I've
heard a lot about that I've never seen
it it it came out at a time when you
know I thought that it was the smartest
show in the world I can only imagine
looking back in it now I would roll my
eyes yeah but I used to religiously
watch that like I would watch it to
completion and then start it over and
then watch it immediately again and that
was at the time that I worked at the
used video game and movie store and so
there were very few things that I could
watch in there you know like I couldn't
watch r-rated movies and I couldn't like
there's just stuff I couldn't watch but
I knew that was okay because there's TV
show yeah and so that would just be on a
loop while I worked you know two and a
half seasons three so three seasons but
sports night I watched ad nauseam I
could probably still that's your show
well then they like I could probably
still like get into quote cycles of
sports night ie it's burned into my
brain I loved it
Futurama is one I like to put on a loop
and I went to like sleep
sure yeah if he drove me that's a good
one
I like that
I don't necessarily want these boots but
you have no but I haven't I'll be
bitching about motherfucker
mostly because the spider is right here
and I knew I was gonna make some of that
money back right away with the spider
it's funny you get a jar of whale semen
you guys you get a jar of spider goo
rich and when you gentle I just assumed
it was whales semen
it's spider goo and it serves a very
valuable purpose it coats all of your
bombs in spider goo so that you can
stick them to walls bombs become it's
it's a one-time-use
no no no just forever all my bombs no
you never ever want to kill the
shopkeeper ever when if they had a jet
pack that you couldn't afford never it's
never no it's never worth it if you kill
one shop keeper all future shop keepers
attack you yes it is never ever worth it
I know that much about this game right
even if I kill this guy the shopkeepers
brother in his little treasure room they
will come after me
anonymous says I love you rich what do
you think the meaning of life is there
isn't one
we each make our own meaning
my life is a blank canvas and you can
paint on it whatever the hell you want
natural where's the fucking key
from a naturalistic standpoint literally
the only purpose of life is to make more
of your kind of life right that's it but
you know we're not we're not in that
zone the ghost is here but you do have
enough bombs it's not about having two
bombs you can dodge a ghost I've seen
you do that
you've gotta keep what you forgot the
key
oh shit
this is daring Jack daring dare I say
daring oh fuck fuck get up get up
everything fine everything's fine why is
this so exciting
okay not something that happens you know
every every run is different okay come
on up here ghosty come on up here come
on up here
you're a pretty ghost pretty ghost
great I got the eye I got the eye
everything's fine rich who killed JFK
jack who killed JFK
as far as we know Lee Harvey asked this
seems to be where the smart money is no
I have I have not studied this case in
great detail
you know what neither have a little
little before my time I don't know any
kind of conspiracy is completely
unwarranted the thought that it could
have been something more than what it
seemed but sure I don't I don't know
that I especially have a great reason to
believe that's what it was that's that's
pretty sense wine I know like you know
though that wasn't isn't a running
theory that it was like Lyndon Johnson
because he wanted to go to war and and
Kennedy didn't
isn't that something conspiracy somehow
it's some current politicians dad to be
it's all crazy it's all crazy but yeah
and I have no strong thoughts JFK
assassination but you know thanks for
asking I think you know we're all we're
all here we're talking about nonsense
Ted Cruz was the Ted Cruz's dad
supposedly did it they called him the
son of sand they said his dad was
dishonest and they said he was the
Zodiac killer and that's most large to
just a joke because it's way too young
oh is outdoors yeah that's that's how
up-to-date I fucking damns out who's
gonna watch a movie on their fucking
iPhone
you don't think terator 2 is all that
great for the first one
sure I think I think there was a more
solid story that's a great little time
loop
yes seconds before convoluted John
Connors annoying I guess I don't
disagree with I'm not gonna you know I'm
not saying it's perfect but I think it's
a fine addition to the first one
it's neat that Sarah Connor has
basically gone insane yeah it is but I
don't know other than that it's a neat
visual but I just don't buy the liquid
metal Terminator like why even bother
with the other ones
that's probably expensive why didn't
they send the liquid one back in time to
kill Sarah Connor also you know with
what we know about computers nowadays
like where was it central processing and
supposedly to go back in time you need
to be surrounded by organic material
that's been established the liquid metal
Terminator has none it's just liquid
metal it might be liquid metal that
looks like skin but it is not actually
surrounded by organic material by flesh
was it organic liquid metal I'm glad
that makes no sense
literally that literally makes no Sam I
am I'm bullshitting rich I am I'm
pulling something out of my ass
organic liquid metal totally a thing
someone's gonna say it's insects tt1
thousand is the best villain put the
screen it's fine
what's his name Robert something played
the camera live we know him he's famous
he's from Double Dragon
I know I don't remember that like I
don't care much for the whole liquid
metal aspect like that that just it
takes me out of that world like we're
dealing with a world that's got gears
and and hydraulics and suddenly there's
this there's this insane liquid metal
nanomachine yeah it's just it's so
wildly different I don't like that
particularly okay as far as his
performance he was the better killer
robot whoo yeah yeah I'll give you that
and as far as the blending in aspect he
also looks more like a normal human
being as opposed to Arnold that's true
who you know was just a cartoon
character no matter how you slice it
Arnold is a cartoon character and James
Cameron knew that you know he wasn't
originally gonna be the Terminator
Arnold oh really
originally I think like his agent wanted
him to be Kyle Reese oh that would have
been horrible that would have been
horrible you know you know who's
originally gonna be the the Terminator
huh
Lance Hendrickson really yeah yeah James
Cameron met with Arnold for Kyle Reese
and I was like no it's gonna be pretty
wildly different take than what I was
going for but he'd be pretty good as the
Terminator and that changed that movie
absolutely
in Turin that's really interesting
that's really cool
recently watched Blade Runner Rutger
Hauer Rutger Hauer would be a great
terminator there's the thing to be a
good terminator you have to not act and
read sure Blade Runner Rutger Hauer
actually acts Terminator just look
around then the simple Oh sad I caught
up that's the one lines
robotic completely robotic yeah you
can't you can't bring a character to
that it ruins the effect
oh shit basically it would be it will be
a waste of Rutger Hauer what happened
Jackie ever done because the secret
entrance to the secret shop was too
close to the shopkeepers lair so now the
shopkeepers pissed at me
he's not dead though so the other
shopkeepers going to be yep every single
one and I'm about to go to the secret
shop filled with shopkeepers no let's
see if we can do this how do you get the
can you not get the the item then no I
can get all these items for free cuz all
these shopkeepers are pissed at me but
they don't see me at so I can sneak up
on alright this could be amazing yeah
nope nope I'm sorry it was worth a shot
I try I tried to get in there and throw
I had I had the torch with me so I was
hoping he would turn and then I would
throw my torch at him yeah he would drop
a shotgun I pick it up and I'd killed me
it seemed to be proximity yeah yeah then
it didn't seem like there was a stealth
component right right
all right what's your call one more
chance all right and then well all right
this is the absolute last month of
absolute last one and then we're calling
it no matter when the run ends so rich
if you just if you're getting really
tired just rip the controller out of my
hand okay
it'll be fine it'll be fine the way I've
been playing I haven't been making
terrible
crocodile brain says hey guys what the
holy hell is twitch doing website beta
throws Rando streamers at you from the
moment you log in until you navigate to
prereq the Android app is shit please
consider YouTube live then apparently we
could never stream Nintendo games no we
can stream content of games we just
couldn't monetize our streams of
Nintendo games you know twitch has been
pretty good to us I kind of like how
they work we theoretically could try a
YouTube livestream if we can legally
partners how that works
no that was the that was remember that
was the affiliate program and all they
said was you couldn't have the same
product at two places within 24 hours of
each other okay okay
and so like we couldn't we couldn't dual
stream unless we had a specific agree
these are traps that shoot arrows and
there was nothing to throw down so I had
to waste
so no there's nothing specific to say
that we couldn't stream to YouTube but
live just to try it out whether we would
want to just because you know whether we
would want to because that also could
fracture hi ready for it yeah I am
impressed I am I am I didn't even know
you can do that
I'm impressed if you time it right you
can slap away the arrows with your whips
boom you can tell jack is good at this
game I have I have just a few hours into
this game
it's a tricky maneuver and it often does
not work this is your X comma yep I
figured it was worth it it was worth it
to try because you know if I did it it
would be awesome and it would look super
cool and if I failed you could laugh at
me and people would enjoy that so it was
really a win-win situation this is Jack
sexy this this was one of those like
early Vita purchases for me and and I
just played the ever-loving shit out
dr. smoked Reese's hi guys
time for misadventures in pot-growing
part 2 I was sentenced to 15 weekends in
county jail plus probation just at first
weekend was in there with an attempted
murderer
fun 14 to go stick it out stick it out
you can do it - smoke trees just the
weekends fuck
can you save - dungeons that oh that's a
that's a red-light district Oh instead
of a shop with a dog huh with the dog
you can you can pay for some dogs for
some dog long instead of a shopping this
one you pay for kisses you know this
game has layers right this game has the
way here
lots of layers
anonymous hoes do you guys watch MMA I
like it because it taps into your
instinct that wants to fight I have
never seen MMA you've never seen any MMA
occasionally watched about of boxing but
never MMA not not because I'm avoiding
it I've just never run into it hmm uh
and I don't much care for yep it's you
know like you always think that or at
least for me like I always think that
there is going to be this like innate
fascination with two people beating the
crap out of each other but I think I'm
too empathetic when MMA doesn't ended up
like submission holds on the ground or
often than not it's just it's just
beating the shit out no they do okay I
mean yeah sometimes this mission I've
only seen that that MMA was basically
whatever the fuck works it is a lot of
times that's some got a wrestling hold
but I've only seen a couple matches and
I it's it's too violent for me hmm it's
really you know cuz it's real it's real
life violence so I can't
wrestling needs more gay ohm and that
there's already been plenty of gay and
wrestling there was the 90s there was a
gay sex scandal in the WWF was there yep
dude oh I done that because I don't
remember the deeds oh right Roddy Piper
once kind of kind of hinted that he was
forced into a sex act that he was
uncomfortable way really yep Roddy
fucking Piper interesting I've never
heard this
is nearly in tears during the interview
sure sure
well I mean there's just a lot of big
strong dudes it's still reluctant to say
anything that received as bad about the
industry it's really kind of a strange
thing
well you know I'm sure like a lot of
that was just not biting the hand that
feeds and they wanted to go away I'm
sure if there was if there was any sort
of cahoots behind the scenes someone is
it shocking that an industry with well
build muscular oiled up men who are also
actors would what it would attract the
gay community is that shocking what's
shocking to me I mean any sort of sexual
misconduct it's always oh yes but no no
like that's not surprising what's
surprising to me is the juxtaposition
between stereotypical wrestling fans who
I would overwhelmingly assume that you
don't much care for the gays and that's
that that's making a broad assumption
that is absolutely making a broad
assumption
Tomcat 2096 hey guys sorry to catch you
at the end of the stream just a quick
question
yeah any popular movies that you just
absolutely hate hates a strong word for
that too I don't like it very much I
don't I think it's a really bad movie
boring yeah it's boring movie but
they've been worst movies
I was sure there's been worse movies but
I really dislike that movie at the time
I'm gonna say because at the time people
weren't saying bad things about it
attack of the clones okay
history has not looked upon that movie
kindly but at the time yeah I was a
dissenting opinion in my hatred for
attack up close okay sure
trying to think trying to think of I
mean obviously mother fucker like avatar
I think is pretty boring and I know like
you know everybody well everybody saw it
no one can remember it but everybody
everybody fucking saw that movie it is
the least worst of all the prequels no
Attack of the Clones is by far the worst
there is no redeeming feature to Attack
of the Clones not a single one the
second one yeah yeah yeah the one with
sand and the dancing Yoda and the
absolute worst love story of all time
and nothing redeemable about attack of
the club you know I mean I'm gonna go
ahead and have to agree with rich on
this one
Phantom Menace as bad as it is has
something resembling a plot structure it
does it's got no clear protagonists but
generally know that our heroes have to
do a thing yeah even though even though
Palpatine's actual plan makes no sense I
kind of get what the heroes have to be
doing sure sure check of the close is
just a fucking just a fucking random
massive shit there are two great
absolutely great Star Wars movies and
there there are two good ones and then
the rest of shit I'm trying to think of
another movie that's like generally
universally praised I mean there I'm
sure there's a ton of them I'm sure
there's a ton of them that are
universally praised and I that I just
can't stand x-men Days of Future past
everybody liked that one oh shit I'm
close to what having 50,000 you know
like I came to the to the secret market
and then as soon as I got here I said oh
why am I here
