Feb 15, 2017
WWE 2K16
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/124955579
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/124982334
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/122491639
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/123310405
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbb8FvkNkgc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-jba5nLwLDA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KsG92UNtAnc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NNYiPwSwnPc
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/831948229298241540
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/832307476842311680

[Part I]
match I hate it fancy stream thing we do
I hit it I hit the start stream button
okay we're not getting audio Oh anything
we're not getting like like game audio
so see if we can find that game audio
really want it's gonna be I don't want
to turn the tv down and here's something
you don't need to hear jelly jerry
lawler oh by the way hi everyone hello
welcome to the stream actually if we're
talking jerry lawler might be
distracting take the dialogue out there
by the way i'm not that familiar with
jerry lawler that's that's how old
school I am how yeah what yeah well I
met Jerry Lawler who's the cowboy guy Oh
JB Oh JB L know Jerry Lawler I'm sorry
like like an I think of wrestling
announcer I think of Gorilla Monsoon
sure Jesse the body Ventura was great
okay there's a great heel announcer oh
yeah fantastic Bobby Heenan Bobby when
he announced yeah yeah some old school
clearly yeah I I remember when um when
Vince McMahon was just one of the
announcers yeah way back way back before
the general public knew that he was the
man behind the curtain rights he was
just one of the WWF's announces for
started taking all the steroids yeah
yeah now da should be at an appropriate
level okay okay
are we're still not getting in a game
audio yeah which is strange that's weird
I guess it's
strange enough Junior is the greatest
well he's a fucking mystery to me is
what it is
Game Capture why aren't we getting your
audio probably use the force noise the
force do a magic yeah yeah yeah should
be in display audio right I mean you
guys know yeah I definitely have a great
idea obviously you guys what's happening
let's do that now let's see there it is
there it is you got it
got it okay everybody's still now it's a
little I know for anyone who sees that
the stream is not currently on if you
refresh your browser you'll see that the
stream is on of course we can't tell
people that because if it's not on for
them they don't here oh no or see us
wouldn't have any idea but you should be
able to hear the game see us hear us
exactly now so you want me to play a
little bit because I haven't yet played
role okay uh what you mean - for playing
well check what's sure yeah you go ahead
one player used - what's going on here
you can read the chat and so on okay
here's the chat okay this is another
chat window you don't have to worry
about that okay good but how about we
also bring uh tips that's great whoa
and there's the chat there's the tips
great so yeah you can read the chat if
you want say hi to everyone okay hi
everybody I wandered by because it's
wrestling day I'm excited to watch the
wrestling this this is just one of those
one of those games that we've had
someone gifted this to us a while ago
and it's too normal
yeah yeah yeah yeah okay I'll be a
superstar you can do that a lot of
option C per stars that's them that's
the stuff look look fucking terminator
there's there's terminator and that
weird
I don't yeah but you can say you can
make your own though you can do that but
you can also download apparently
additional superstars which is
presumably where new people would be
coming in you've got people that have
been with the company for a little while
like trash she's not around anymore
Lee I want to be lead up you want to be
lead it cuz leave is awesome
bad manager no reassure okay I don't
know who do you wanna fight you want to
fight yeah click divas why divas cuz
your lady that's that's it's a it's a
sexist game so that's the way itself it
won't let me say to fight a dude nope no
mixed no mix matches
holy fuck although if you do the
download superstars maybe you can no no
you can't I can only fight Trish yeah
whoa go back go back
wait go back yeah out of that menu oh
okay and then go divas and they'll have
a whole bunch okay oh shit I want to be
someone else then well then go back and
do that's your person don't go don't
worry hit back again go superstars diva
whatever I don't whatever I don't know I
want to be a diva rich he was a great
and Eve I knows the Fabulous Moolah you
remember the Fabulous Moolah night no I
don't remember the fabulous he was big
news back in the day was she she was she
was a great fighter back when there were
three women who wrestled ever
uh yeah she was Alysha five Lisa Fox
look at her awesome you know why biggest
muscles been back when lady wrestlers
that was a gimmick they they they
brought out like once every two years
yeah back in the day the good ol days
but I'm wrestling women knew that place
all right you've chosen two divas that
are actually still wrestling oh great
although is that is Nikki Bella
a heel no because she'll L although she
may be the tide it looks like she met
him at the time it's tough to remember
this is like this is like you know from
like two years ago when they had to make
the game so I don't know everybody's
everything I remember low glow I was oh
yeah remember one glow is on TV gorgeous
ladies of wrestling
yeah separate thing there's a oh there's
really neat documentary on glow out
there somewhere yeah me where I saw it
but I liked it oh cool like the bunch
the gorgeous ladies of wrestling which
Fox cool she is underrated and she is
unfortunately not getting a lot of TV
time these days but she was in her
picture in her promo picture she was
ripped yeah and that's where that's how
I made my decision as a wrestler that I
wanted to wrestle on because you thought
in this fake sport that big more ribs
would be an advantage absolutely I'm not
like being the scriptwriter it's
circular 1633 once wants me to say which
album is better Pet Sounds are sergeant
pepper's that's easy Pet Sounds
now can we are Pet Sounds to revolver
only may have trouble no I still go pet
songs personalized like hmm you know how
old I am I still think of it as WWF
that's that's never gonna change
well you can I mean you you grew up with
that it's hard to clear that out very
much so the World Wildlife Federation
they were around first man they weren't
using the fucking name they were right
we're on first the WWWF or is that a
different promotion that's fucking for
good well he used to be a bunch though
there still are
it's just that WWE started buying most
of them up and it's still hard way okay
so she's she's definitely a face at the
time WWF sounds much cooler it's got a
better ring agreed World Wrestling
Federation the Federation isn't yet tell
I started punching her in the face eat
it
Oh get up get up get out they're saying
it was the WWWF thank you yes I was
right okay I forget it I forgot if that
was a different Federation room that was
the same one you mashing of course I'm
mashing get up the attention nope that
red sugar is very hard to hit too late
too fast
no wait get back in the rain again count
it out get back in the ring uh left left
bumper oh I got a right trigger it too
late
oh nice okay now look what for quick
about the ring huh how'd you do the jump
just by pressing X over and over again
good job okay hey hey three my man you
my man now oh shit the Senate makes it
seem like josh is in another vacation
let's take the one camera super not
really far to rock the team yet that's a
better solution I definitely cannot
reach in to the other end yeah josh is
here oh it would be odd if there was
another room set up somewhere like in a
different building with all the videos
from the from the shelves alright that
would be very odd Oh eat it okay so was
this no probably more ready look at her
these doesn't matter oh oh these are
tips oh so we we like to read those but
you know a little somebody said I missed
one
for me I guess okay okay yeah look at
the date rich is getting beat by a girl
Jack's playing there's only two of them
and I don't care about either fuck you
deal with it Oh dip come here
let's do a thing let's grapple I'm
winning because that does that yeah
you're a different camera angle that's
better
oh yeah one two we're going on the ropes
going on the ropes I don't know if I did
anything that's okay I came into the
dream thinking that the guys would have
created themselves in the game nope
maybe we'll do that later
oh that bitch she won she did that that
is really tricky that I'm getting out of
getting out of the pad is keys to be
earlier do you think you need to be yeah
cool the fuck out no I was wrestling
Jesus it's not as uh it's not as precise
as you'd like it to be no it's the
wrestling you know I do want to read
this tip from Lynbrook 42 that says you
started screaming right before I work
you hacks you should change your
schedule yeah I mean this is wrong
stream we always stream at about the
same time every Wednesday and Sunday so
that's on your job sand get you get with
the program how about that what happened
what what happened
he was about to go to work oh we're
streaming get their job
all right do we have any other ones from
the tips yeah um these these top two
here yeah looks like so do it
Radim let's see from bad news everyone
it seems like most of the Triple A games
that emphasize predictable storytelling
over gameplay get mostly positive scores
from the big game review outlets what's
that about PS thoughts on John wick
haven't seen John McHugh yet I've now I
don't see either him but it asks for
John wick not John wick too yeah
oh I'm Jenna Jenna looks good it's fun
little action movies okay the the reason
that I don't know storytelling you just
overvalued these days and I'm not saying
it has no value but just overvalue I
think it's overvalued sure okay there's
that one and also so what but why do
like the big gaming magazines praise
them all it's because they have a
relationship with all of these gaming
companies like and it's not it's not
like as CD as everyone thinks this whole
like I felt like they're getting kicked
back but they have to be diplomatic look
what what happens to us when we are even
when were just joking of like like
Resident Evil 7 stream no I wasn't even
playing it was really just having a lark
with the game that wasn't like a serious
condemnation what is me fucking around
with you right uh-huh
and look at the YouTube comments on
people losing their shit oh my god
they're they hate no you are a
professional video game reviewer you
work for on a GameSpot Pro IGN wherever
absolutely um on one hand you've got
these big companies who give you advance
copies of games that you need to get
your reviews out when everyone else is
getting their reviews out and not only
then they they pay your advertising
dollars not only that but then at one
side you need you need them you need
them for interviews you need them to
hook you up with other people in the
gaming industry you need to be friends
with them and then on the other hand
yeah you've got the fans who will be
angry with you when you say one bad
thing about a franchise that is beloved
by them yeah what is your incentive to
criticize a game
what what in the world would ever make
you say anything bad when that makes
nobody happy
it only hurts you it's really that easy
it's really that simple there there's a
there's a really wonderful stirrer is a
youtuber who used to do Team Fortress 2
videos he made a wonderful video about
what is a B+ video yeah and any it was
just this list of games that were given
B pluses by various places and like a
lot of them are just garbage yeah I it's
centered around a Jackie Chan video game
that was given a B+ oh and you know they
need to be diplomatic games reviewers
for major Network thing it's probably
Jackie Chan is probably a seven oh yeah
yeah something like that yeah Wow price
seven all right so eight out of ten not
enough praise that's it and like I said
you know a lot of people I know it went
a lot of people think that there's this
big scam like oh they're getting paid
off but it's just like no we have to be
diplomatic and we don't want to piss off
our readers right yeah oh look at it
look at his hairline and some gorgeous
they did not even try it learn we've
learned meanwhile hey guy are tired and
sad asks hey guys what are your thoughts
on the rumors Ben Affleck is starting to
get out of his contract with Warner
Brothers and stop playing Batman yeah he
is I think that's a fine idea and that
would be the death toll right there cuz
he's the one positive they've got going
on oh yeah I could make a really solid
political joke but I'm not going to do
it
don't don't I'm not doing this don't by
doing it Jack your your precision inputs
are amazing like you're doing like 1000
inputs per second
yeah very calculated and deliver I'm on
it I'm doing it I'm doing it Jesus how
could you even enjoy playing a game that
I want I'm trying to figure out how the
game is played
if you hit all of the buttons how do you
figure out what any of them do Oh
anonymous asks hey all what did you guys
do for Valentine's yesterday do rich and
Cara never get put on the kiss cam I
drank a bottle of wine and watch what
Harry Met Sally I need to have a make a
Valentine's Day because I was horribly
sick
I like the flu damn dude yeah that's a
bummer I unfortunately they didn't
capitalize kiss so they weren't talking
about the band Kiss that question came
home from work and made dinner and ate
it and watched raw because I was trying
to catch up from the weekend what else
is going on here I and Lisa I don't
celebrate like I was I was going to to
limp to see the lego movie with her we
can do that sure and they're also loud
because I'm I'm an old man and I'm not
used to this newfangled internet age my
tickets like a day a week and a half
no I didn't even I don't even fucking
think about that I'm so yeah we go to
the theater before the show starts you
buy your ticket line that's how it works
let's tell what's right yeah cuz oh
sorry we couldn't even do that I felt
terrible so I over a big time makeup
Dave you know you do it on your own time
when it's your own - yeah yeah
ain't nothing so wrong about that uh Lee
Louie or Louis Lyndon I'm happy to see
Josh now we can talk about records Josh
Tomcats yep do you have any old slacks
78 in your collection I do not that's a
shellac 70 basically that's the first
records that existed were like 10-inch
records they spun 278 rpms they're made
out of shellac oh okay that's the stuff
- like all the really good like country
blues stuff and all the old
crackly sounding things
that's those are from shellac records I
don't have any most of the good ones I
can't afford
honestly they go for like tens of
thousands of dollars shoes and it's all
old white dudes that collect them oh
yeah it is there's a really fantastic
book that I'm trying to remember the
name of now gods oh do not sell at any
price it's called and it's all about
collecting seventy-eights
and what drives these people to do it
and just kind of a really good look at
the collector mindset in general whether
it's records are not absolutely
recommend reading that super good book
there you go
peacocking 9 actually before you go on
oh yes I have heard yes that the sales
of vinyl it's once again declining so
how how do you feel about what might be
the end of the resurgence great yep
yeah because finally the major labels
will stop trying to make you know push
through whatever dumb thing they think
is gonna sell and then the cost of
making records on the time that it takes
now will go down again and then people
can't afford to make records that
actually want to be prices went up with
the resurgence oh yeah
oh yeah I started repressing every
little thing that you can find in the
dollar bin just like oh boy I can pay
$30 for a new copy of rumors by
Fleetwood Mac like how do you not just
have 10 just lying around it's there
everywhere it sold so many copies the
most recent one that I saw going around
never had never been pressed before
never on vinyl oh boy so excited the
fucking Ace Ventura soundtrack what well
that's that's like the hipster I'm gonna
buy the Ace Ventura soundtrack on yeah
that's the dumbest shit oh Roenick yeah
so the faster that goes and goes away
the better the fucking nostalgia is so
heavy right now it's so strange Warner
Brothers through rhino started putting
out cassettes again oh like brand-new
cassettes of like Prince and the Ramones
and show like this is just like
cassettes yeah yeah the whole point is
that there
cheap and um that's why I like punk
bands are doing it in noise bands and
now major labels are doing it again so
it's just like there's nothing left he's
doing it to you you want to get away oh
is that what oh I'm trying to match it
no no that's that's what he would be
trying yeah you submitted yourself what
you submitted yourself you did
ding-dang nabbit dah so peacocking
number nine now peacocking nine or
whatever uh hey guys been a fan for a
few years Hey just a few mm-hmm I'm
wondering have you seen down-and-dirty
duck
no I don't know
down and dirty duck no clue not the
slightest
renegade Kira asks back to triple-a game
reviews yes triple-a this know that in
general oh yeah Jeff Gerstmann is a
famously known for telling it as it is
he was fired for scoring the game law
after the site was advertising it and
mocked for scoring fallout for three out
of five there you go okay there you go
I don't know why you would trust a major
review site for games I don't know why
you would know no incentive you know why
anything bad they might have some like
they might have some good articles they
might have some good interviews but no
you you wouldn't trust I wouldn't trust
any their a table match oh yeah what's a
table link a flat a flat surface with
with legs on it that you can set things
on usually usually like a dinner plate
you can eat off of the table see this
thing yeah thanks red yeah no thanks I'm
gonna do table you will do a table match
I'm gonna do a table the way to win this
is to send your opponent through a table
okay gonna be a diva again pick a big
one panting once can't break tables I'm
not really joking
there was a Charlotte and Sasha did a
tables match and Charlotte 3/8 into the
table and I think they would have done
something you know they would have
tested that out apparently not fun fact
I I once invented the table table
what's a table it's a chair at the table
is that true yeah
something I've spoke and I referenced it
over everyone's heads it was terrible
reference yeah
Oh Eva Marie you used to be on this show
she she's not wrastlin no well she's
still signed to the company and she's
been healthy for a long time now and she
just hasn't been on the show yeah she
just kind of disappeared baby no no no I
mean she's also awful like she cannot
wrestle oh I've seen her I've seen her
she was at the every show in Milwaukee
and she cannot wrestle not firing her
because she's under contract didn't oh
no they can do whatever the fuck they
want their business I mean they
basically work for hire like they're all
freelancers wrestling for Brussels are
basically freelancers basic but have you
signed like a X number yeah contract
can they just yeah they'll probably have
to compensate you sell I can they tend
to renegotiate I think every year I
don't want to go negotiate I like my
terms
keep paying me you don't have to have me
wrestle but keep paying man oh no no I
like it I believe working conditions
especially for divas are pretty bad so
though they'll be like okay you don't
want to renegotiate then we will find
another person to wrestle goodbye okay
goodbye
all right
that one's weird the freelancers who
can't work for anyone else honestly in
this day and age who else can you work
for that that matters Josh is there a
decent alternative to Vince McMahon no
yeah no yeah until he dies which will
happen he's going to die yeah what
happens when he does ah then Stephanie
and Triple H take over okay and then
that's better but you think that we'll
just miss manage the company to the
point where somebody else will rise no
there's still only one person you could
work for matter how you slice this yeah
pretty much just the person who owns it
is different but it's but that's better
in terms of still a monopoly I didn't
realize that's what that's what you were
asking yeah yeah I mean it's they're not
necessarily the only game in town you
can you know if you don't technically
know intrinsically in terms of the
general mainstream viewer absolutely of
course yeah but if you know if you want
to be a working wrestler you don't have
to go to WWE and you can make a pretty
good living you can go to you can go to
New Japan you can go wrestle in Mexico
okay overseas country yeah yeah Luke
gender grunts trying to give it a go
although they've been having some
trouble unfortunately there's still TNA
although God knows what's happening with
them but you know there's other places
to come ah time to play the game that's
what Jack is doing I've been literally
playing the game though that's that's
how I play chess song goes oh time to
play roller head oh I don't know Triple
H to me is just a name I've heard up get
up get up let's see that small ball says
hey Josh glad to see you on the stream
what was your reaction when you first
saw the Shaq t-shirt I only asked
because I sent it yeah probably yeah and
then I left
yeah yeah
because we had those setup yeah tried to
make me watch steel yes deal what's the
steel here I was still I was Kazaam
wasn't it no steel for steel okay
it wasn't Kazaam that's that's Sinbad's
in Kazan making them making a joke okay
okay it's that thing Berenstain Bears
thing anyway aren't you what a poor Jew
boom get the fuck out of here no you got
a blow to the table the table how do I
know okay how do I get the table I don't
know okay I'll do this that didn't work
oh oh that did something probably not
too dissimilar from like bringing up
like a YouTube video of gameplay and
just handed like a unconnected
controller to a small child
yeah he's hitting buttons and things are
happening and he thinks he's doing them
I'd like to figure out how to get oh
here we go here we go boom I did that
that's good how did that but you still
can't win so you pretty through a table
hoop
oh there kick her in the stomach yeah
alright now one of those buttons is grab
objects when I can't remember which one
how about this it's like maybe to
grapple no B's well B spin but actually
wouldn't they're not in the ground it
might be oh yes B as whip please like
because with a crash whatever you want
to know what that's called or maybe it's
a bumper flip o any was a no it's not it
no is is something else okay o do it
I think lb picks up at the table lb oh
okay I will try lb thank you once you
can get up lash it alright let's see uh
Tomic mousetrap says what's that oh
nothing it's just my big love rocket
tonight I celebrate five years of
perseverance finally paying off I love
you guys PS actual rocket not my penis
doesn't mean like a model rock I think
I've been building
that's awesome yeah I don't know if you
guys got the gate after the review but
they've got a lot of lot of rockets oh
she's getting that to happen breathe get
up
oh oh oh I'm out of energy
oh come on of energy up geez geez maybe
cuz you kept hitting buttons like a
rabid jackass can't do nothing all right
let's see that doesn't count
that doesn't count doesn't count no you
got to go through the table not just
knock it over
oh yeah wake up bitty all right well I'm
just going a.m. score a chime score Dean
I'll see the whole work says hi jack
rich and welcome to the wizard what are
your guys favorite movies top two three
any of you seen bringing a poem
you-let's drivers have any of us even
out the dead I've never seen that I need
to see that bringing Scorsese top three
favorite movies is a hard thing to do
because it can change based on your
seriously I'd say this cuz I was
watching clips of it somewhat recently
it might it just brought the movie back
to me yeah up near the top Shawshank
Redemption sausage sir oh god is
Shawshank a a beautiful wonderful movie
yes y'all I think it's great won't you
do this for a bit yeah okay I can do
this very but you know what never seen
it you can ever say child it's on the
list there are a lot of movies I've ever
seen it's oh oh relax we just what
legitimately get one over the best
movies ever cool yeah I believe you I
mean III like Frank Darabont quite a bit
there is there is nothing there is
nothing about that movie that is just
lock or pandering is it is just a
fucking rock-solid excellent film all
right hmm yeah Jesus
top two or three I can't hear right I
mean
there you know I I believe I stated that
my favorite I could pick my favorite was
true stories and that's all we did the
review of it oh yeah yeah and I can say
that if pressed past that yeah god knows
there's a million fuckin movies that I
love it's you know we'd be like yeah
Josh what's your favorite record what's
your favorite song what's your favorite
band right what's your favorite book I
like things a bone sighs ready right
yeah okay you know what cream rezzed
cream always rises to the top so I owe
to tell us girl school movie um oh wait
you're three P yeah three P I don't know
who's to feed
no one's stupid that's fine uh okay well
these guys wrestle Rio I mean you should
definitely fight Arnold no you don't
think no not yet whoo dusty maybe that's
the baby okay so while while these two
wrestle over this week I'm sure everyone
knew about it yeah let's go death day
Oh dusty rooms yeah humblebundle had an
amazing amazing deal on on some games it
was for charity I tweeted it out but uh
yeah yeah a sweet sweet and it liked it
not just games like no books comics
soundtracks a bunch of great shit looks
amazing but I got a bunch of doubles and
so I'd like to give away some games if
you guys if you guys are okay with that
yes I didn't see Lego Batman it's
alright it's just fine it's kind of like
a like someone's taking cliff notes from
the lego movie but you know not as good
as the lego movie but it's fine
it's perfectly fine
more like dusty roads yeah okay so I
have a bunch of doubles let's see what's
first on the list and so what we're
gonna do here is we're gonna use our
handy-dandy
watcher and it'll just be like basically
the first person to answer a question
with a very specific phrase let's see
who do we got who do you got what do we
got here what do we got here oh how
about stardew valley because i obviously
already have started valley so you know
what you so what I will do here is I
will ask I will ask a trivia question
about Josh and only only if you want
stardew valley answer the trivia
question if you don't want stardew
valley or already owned it
don't answer the question even though
you might know the answer then it'll be
a pain and everyone asks and why is he
wearing a bumblebee Casta cuz that's
really work that's what he wore that's a
reason twice I could feel like a
horrible typo in there I won't register
that's right I'm using the torture so
you have to spell it correctly okay give
me free stuff for year I'm trying to
give you free stuff so here's the
question I'm gonna die it's already yeah
all right so I'm gonna start off with an
easy one what is the name of Josh's
noise rock band red stick right stick
I'm doing Oh yep yep yeah the first
person to type that in gets a copy of
stardew valley next you're talking about
my main times van your main time noise
rock band I don't know I mean and maybe
that's just something I know so no
people know that people know that okay
oh wait wait wait okay
oh that's right we'll see who can answer
this correctly our locate the hot spot
once found the blue column will turn red
I don't know if anyone knows this oh
there we go I got it
somebody got it Joan sm7 three seven
zero is the first to type incorrectly
with no spaces if I had a high five good
job Joan Joan you are the big winner
congratulations on winning all of the
things where's your name now do
something I'm the Mamas and the Papas
awesome
I was signal Y and it would not do a
thing
why come on are you done
why wouldn't it do a thing yes it
wouldn't do a thing it was very upset oh
I'm sorry I hold on Jones I'm gonna get
you that right that winger and get you
that link right now oh one count
get up okay oh yeah I thought I
whispered you I need to whisper you oh
this is harder than it looks
this is harder than it looks to try to
give you a game
this is harder than it looks
where are you Jones here we go here we
go okay I figured it out sorry still
learning how to do things viewer list
this is how we do it oh hey are you guys
okay are you wrestling okay we're
wrestling yep
wrestle it up Oh Bobby's helping me
thank you Bobby
your manager can help you yeah that's
great
took me right up boom take that sucka
I'll be delighted someday if every right
trigger ever hits let's check this out
all right Jones m73 700 I just sent you
a whisper with a link to get started
hooray oh all right everyone oh got some
interference nice and by the way
beefcake that was the first time we'd
use I use the word spotter on your twat
sure works great
works great I love it just want to let
you know heads up
okay how are we oh oh that's okay great
hey I'm learning how to use stuff this
is great everything's great
do you think I think everything is
awesome everything is awesome
ah like a Batman it's all right you know
what especially if you're a Batman fan
lots of fun little Batman II things
that's cool about the Lego Batman movie
but it just it wasn't quite lego movie
level of Awesomeness yeah well you know
what it's pretty good you know what it
was yes the American dream I liked it
that he looks tired
okay Bobby Heenan I would bullshit you
can't argue that's cause Bobby Heenan
knows what to do
he's a good man yeah
oh that was fun all right could have
done a rope break I don't know how to do
a rope races that be B yeah yeah was
there a prop for that I didn't say yes
yeah but you got to pay attention a lot
of PA that pin was real close to the
ropes you know another movie I watched a
movie a chat recommended the curse of
the man who stares at UFOs Oh different
characters different characters oh yeah
different characters yeah yeah it's a
documentary about this independent
filmmaker who becomes the best way it's
go back UFOs let's do a Falls Count
Anywhere match and uh false will count
anyway great and it's interesting it's
this guy who like Kate keeps seeing
these lights in the skies and has
convinced their UFOs and has had a
really rough life and basically the
friends the lights in the sky and
becomes obsessed with them and films
them and like tries to rally his whole
neighborhood
watching them whenever they show up and
this other guy makes it a little
documentary about it and it's an alright
documentary it's a very interesting
character but the filmmaker Canadians
the Canadians yeah these guys are both
Canadian oh nice
the filmmaker kept like explaining what
was happening in the shop oh and it's
like that's bad documentary form where
there's like and this was the moment
that I knew that something was wrong
with him well we can we can see them
because of your filming thing oh yeah so
can we ban all 1980 wrestlers please no
go fuck yourself they were the best yeah
rich is playing gets to choose what he
wants to play you do on the keyboard so
I run in no that's me running in oh oh
you don't get to run in you get to press
a to break out whatever that means
nope start fighting them here at home
Bay they start fighting up here go get
him go get them take what take miss whoa
oh oh that's you know what that's
actually got to hurt come on baby that
actually has to hurt let's get to the
ring before it's boy count-out hey how
about we do another giveaway because I
have all these doubles how about a
giveaway for the classic day of the
tentacle has it please
yep I own it already so a day of the
tentacle if you would like day of the
tentacle be prepared to answer and I
have a really tough trivia question oh I
have a really hard trivia question for
day of the tentacle remember please only
only answer if you want day of the
tentacle please okay is everyone ready
everyone ready for the question to win
day of the tentacle here's the question
what is Josh's first name that's the
question what is Josh's first name you
get you get day of the tentacle big
question come on taking the raft down I
better not pin you now sniz li you are
the first
Josh his first name is Josh it's not
actually what my entire last name my
first name well I mean it's what mom you
know it's what everybody calls it's what
everyone calls it is Josh sniz Lee
that's what I was looking for I was
looking for a job yeah nice look at that
put you down for one all right snez Lee
let me find it oh all right can't
believe it can't believe it oh it's
knees Lee I just sent you a whisper and
just sent you a whisper with the link to
get day of the tentacle thanks for
watching
sniz Lee was first then wrote a scopic
was next in command see and while
radical I didn't even see you in here
you're way down
you're way down at the bottom put on the
damn glasses
what glasses oh you know what I owe ya
take that and one of these Oh
randomizer is more fair for giveaways
the problems dreamer TK with the
randomizer is someone might already have
it and so like if we can just randomize
and say hey this person you can win this
game but what if they already have it
then order they don't want it and then
it's not gonna do any good oh come on
baby I'm fall over just like real
wrestling guys you gotta yes so that
better oh my god they're onto us they're
onto us
all right atomic mousetrap says what's
that oh nothing that's just my over here
here's the highlight here comes ready
that was that was good stuff this is fun
this is real wrestling action right here
we might need a rematch yeah this is a
good pair give it another go you don't
see the whisper I don't know how those
work I'll be honest with you buddy
I did whisper to you it should be in
your browser somewhere
I have whispered to you go over the
cheap wind Josh really I really I didn't
actually but you know what I'll take it
if I can get it hmm I really just want
him to do that he does this great
arrogant pin where he where when the
guys down he puts one foot on the guy's
chest flexes he never wins with that pin
like basically ever but it's awesome and
I wish I could figure out how to do it
here well let's see here our Miller says
hi Joshua and others I finally watched
Neil Breen movies and was surprised how
hard it was to get through double down
yeah it hurts it's a painful movie I
probably just didn't get it I couldn't
stop laughing at faithful findings oh
it's yeah double down is rough it's a
lot of stock footage and it's a lot of
repetition and it's a lot of voiceover
Breen voiceover yeah there's nothing
that you didn't get it's just that's
what it is there's nothing there to get
C now I wanted to do something else now
that it's here cuz we do this I know
yeah by the way the the whisper does not
show up in chat it just shows like in
your browser like so I just on the
twitch page is where it always bow so if
you're watching a full screen you might
not see it
baby boo-boo ah damn it
any thoughts on Mel Gibson possible
directing Suicide Squad - don't care
like I don't care about either of those
things they'll probably give it to the
if the original director wants it cuz it
made money right right so unless he
doesn't want to do it oh I forgot to get
out okay I forgot I forgot we still are
doing it we're doing the Falls Count
Anywhere no DQ so we can go wherever we
want oh can you go backstage yeah you
got guys try running backstage okay dope
shit sorry Josh I didn't I'm gonna do
that Chris Jericho I try to get out of
here
all right follow me we got problems my
back the back rancor yeah yeah take one
of these how are you doing the body
slams and whatnot Josh that's the beer
bottom ones that's no you're doing
anything from is literally not doing
anything for me maybe that's what
Jericho does I'm not sure
any thoughts on David Gordon Green
directing the next Halloween remake with
Danny McBride co-writing and John
Carpenter producing I think that's
really interesting and Danny McBride has
said that he doesn't want to make it a
comedy they want him you know he wants
to do a proper he wants to do a proper I
mean David Gordon Green before he got in
all those weird pot comedies like he did
like indie movies and he knows how to
make lose with a lot of atmosphere what
does he jump movie called George
Washington okay
that is very highly respected I haven't
seen you wear his pot - nobody's oh he
did like fucking pineapple Express and
shit didn't he oh did he yeah I thought
so
oh you know what I like fine now like
I'm the Pineapple Express it's fine but
like he didn't always make like wacky
comedies okay so it is interesting idea
I'm not I'm not super big on Danny
McBride yeah but he can work hey you did
it yeah if you press it multiple times
it makes it easier what am i running on
don't even know oh fuck Danny McBride
the comedy guy not the guy who writes
the underworld movies well ya know this
is coming from the production team of
eastbound and down apparent loaded up
and trucking know they're gonna do he's
found he's found it down pineapple
Express your highness this is the end I
like I've heard nothing but great dog I
just don't like that much
his shit gets really old for me really
fast like if he's not gonna be in it
then fine
exactly then you know what and I think
pineapple Express is a fine don't
finally directed movie not a hundred
percent my my shtick bud
finally directed let's see here listen
to Motorhead's his greetings fellow
Milwaukeeans hoping to see you guys at
the next midnight the room showing at
the oriental Cheers do they still do
that I don't know I don't think the
apparently I would see one being
advertised forever Oh guess what
motherfucker yeah that's right oh oh
that's a good match
well dad I already didn't type the
whisper hold on hold on snooze
apparently you're having some whisper
problems come on I'm yelling at the
reference in a different place arguable
don't break your motherfucker Jack
blocks things what whisper whispers wait
wait resiliency didn't do anything yes
something no it's because I hit my
finisher on you and took away a bunch of
your energy there's a white fang guy
said why it was doing nothing I don't
even trying to do the normal way there's
a white thing there's a white thing
Brazilians yeah oh no I'm sorry there's
a there's like stamina and well there's
something no I mean during the pin oh
I've said why the resilience I've said
that he's doing jack shit I don't wanna
die yeah I'm at yeah you want to do
whatever is funny more fun of it yeah
different characters yeah yeah yeah yeah
and you know what I still have yet to
see the room oh I have not seen the room
yet I don't want to see it at the
Oriental for my first time seeing it as
I'm sure the crowd is gonna be nuts and
I would actually want to watch it okay
you're aware that it's awful right right
right I know it's awful and I never got
around to seeing it and then it became a
big thing and I said and I'm not gonna
see it and I do want to see it with a
group of people who have never seen it
before but not with that big of a group
because they're gonna have all of their
own jokes already and yelling and
throwing yeah yeah you're gonna trouble
and I'm gonna have trouble and so what I
what I need to do is find a group of
people who have yet to see it
whoo I know exactly so you got a it's
just never gonna hang Oh oh sorry
so it's basically never going to happen
yeah the thing is honestly like I'd gone
I've seen it you know maybe people like
a dozen times yes
and then I saw it at the Oriental with
with Tommy and and Mark and then I read
the book the disaster art is such a
fantastic book I hear I hate it's great
yeah and then having done all that I
feel like I'm kind of done with with the
room like I don't need to see him
anymore
sure I'm god I've gotten past that part
of my life and and then we discovered
Neil brain you know brain is fascinating
yeah but we've got you know something
else to do then think about how Tommy
was always an asshole that's what I
predict yeah you know what that's what
I've heard I've heard super dick yeah
with sting had the bat kimono for some
reason or like it what is that what is
his what is Sting's thing worst face
paint Oh The Crow yeah that's what
stinks thing is at this point really
pretty much oh how sad yeah he's like an
adult
yeah we are talking wrestling here no it
didn't used to be that he used to be
colorful face paint like the ultimate
warrior yeah and he wasn't ripping the
warrior off because they started as tag
team partners bro yeah way back in the
day right I think that's true Wow well
any radius it's yeah Chet can you
confirm that did sting start off way way
back when as a tag team partner with the
ultimate warrior before the ultimate
warrior was the ultimate warrior I think
they both did like the same face pain he
was that far back he was in his 40s when
he adopted the crow look yeah yeah that
was that was later sting yes they tagged
that is it has been confirmed by
anonymous
cool great let's see here the off switch
says The Shawshank Redemption doesn't
have an end everybody dies ending how
can it be the best when everybody
doesn't die well it doesn't even set up
a sequel at the end I watch the credits
for nothing it's hard to live up to Road
one oh my god they're saying there were
the blade runner's Wow yes okay look at
John C oh my god yeah he looks terrified
space looks like a goddamn ape look at
that
yeah it's freaky you don't see me is
that a cm you can't see me oh that
should be ah there's I've I have so many
problems with many of his things with
John Cena yeah mainly one of his big
finishers is he does this giant like
thing where he goes back and forth and
then does one of these and then just
punches you in the head and that's
supposed to be a finisher it's literally
just like a punch to the forehead is
that any worse than a hole Kogan's
legdrop it's a little it's a little
dumber didn't it like a layer though
like you put the leg up wiggle it and
then drop maybe maybe sometimes the
other thing about that finisher is that
it's called the Five Knuckle shuffle
with no irony also a problem
boom boom yes right
anonymous nope big cowl pick typical
Opik says hey Josh do you like tool dude
you know I was into him like in the
first couple albums didn't really last
for me that long passed them like we
share similar interests you know what I
really like that a lot of people don't
know about after they their first bass
player Twitter got kicked out or
whatever
mmm he did this side band called Lusk L
you SK with Brad laner and one of the
dudes from failure and a bunch of people
okay really good like kind of post
psychedelic record very good record so
yeah I'm not huge into him it's hard to
when they take like 72 years to put out
a new album but I had the I had the
first record the first pressing vinyl
and sold it so I could go to New York
City it's great well that's so worth it
there so then you realize tool I still
have a tape work you were there rich
yeah the tip rich is actually hit it
like a few times
hey you can hit it a few times yeah
like when you try to get out of a pin
yeah I did it
no not like a budge but like a few times
I just everybody it's like pride I did
it up a bit but dip up up up up
we're doing this again okay guess what
John Cena is prepared for that Ryan from
mi yes yeah send it to us f prereq p re
re c @ red letter media calm i like
games like that so go ahead and send it
to us
Oh better leave in those there's really
working for
yeah I think it's gonna be I don't know
it worked
wait did you just win yeah what yeah one
that great wait whatever so then this
game just turns into who can who can pin
the other first
no I heard terrible add the pins yeah
like a real bad I think she was the hit
a early strategy is I don't know how I
got to work once lon
hey dude worth won it with a one-time
same thing or different sting let's go
young sting you wanna go yeah this thing
I'm going to skin I'm curious if he I
don't know we'll see me handles any
differently
let's do random so I don't even know
which attire is gonna be in whoa could
be just him in this regular coat or it
could be him with all that shit on his
head
yeah I know it's not a belts I know the
time it to hit the the grain the problem
is it seems to hit later than you'd
think it would you got to do it early
yeah almost like an input lag yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah look at that okay we're
gonna look real life into his whole
entrance because that shit is dumb
gobbledygook says hey guys I was
evacuated due to the Auroville dam
emergency spillway failure oh good but
fortunately you also weren't on so I
didn't miss the show good comedy have
you ever had to evacuate your house
never have no yeah we don't get many you
know especially like in Milwaukee the
Milwaukee Chicago region we don't get
many natural disasters had some scary
tornado warnings I've never had to
evacuate yeah yeah oh my god was that
supposed to be Jerry Lawler yes it was
that's right yeah I never had to leave
you know just abandon the house you know
we get regular oh oh that's boring it's
normal it's is fine this isn't a
pay-per-view it's okay
what that's just what he does that's
what he did
Wow pretty good crotchy really yeah it
makes more sense when he's got the hole
yes yes there's the thing he's got it
guys leather coat and he throws up his
arms when when things happen to this
music sheriff yeah i'ma walk you'll hear
Gus here oh yeah okay cool oh that's the
best kind of dumb I want to beat the
crap out of this man oh yeah you gotta
so yeah we'll get big snowstorms but you
know we don't is no storms are the
opposite you don't evacuate you hunker
down yeah you stay and stay in there's
no way out I've seen some insane
snowstorms oh yeah I've seen what
between the snow and the drift it was it
was taller it was higher than your head
near the door
ya know I've heard some scary things
about that dam that then the spillway
collapse where it's like apparently
there was like there's a report out on
it four years ago where they say hey
this could cause a real problem you're
not doing your spillway correct and they
said ass of course hindsight's 20/20 but
it's one of those things where the
people who maybe does this intro be any
fucking longer it could be oh my god it
is we're gonna dry ice rigs a good guy
he wouldn't he wouldn't attack I can't
yes team just kind of walked in he
didn't do a thing
cool sure yeah that's right that's right
old-school versus new-school
this is like strutting and posing
simulator 2016 pretty much it's you know
it's weird just because you want you
want it to control more like a brawler
you know there are a little more in
control of every movement but it's like
you press a button to start a little
scripted sequence and you have to the
flow is really off yeah it's weird and
so I'm sure once you figure out what
that flow is you can do some really cool
stuff but it's very hard to figure out
what that oh nice around rich Evans kick
him in the nuts oh here we go
drop him wolf he was hot you dropped him
kiss Oh Oh what that hurt you and not
sting listen Jack one of these days DJ's
gonna write the book he's been talking
about for years which is the big book of
wrestling physics more a lot how if you
land on the soft cushy bouncy mat it
hurts you but if you land on the bony
muscular guy you're fine yeah yeah
although that's true because basically
there's a way that they kind of catch
you oh right right but if you actually
ran into them like it looked like they
yeah nice move I like that the big book
of wrestling physics yeah it's he really
should write that cuz it's a rich mine
yeah that sounds actually kind of one
get up Finn you fuckin Irish fucker
you fucking Irish it's true he's Irish
that's all I God no no that's just being
an Irish fucker right now oh come on
Oh Oh was that the stone-cold stinger is
that what that is
no that's my extensive wrestling move
knowledge oh fuck oh look at that
fucking come on no no no no no no no
did you see sting just had Bob yeah
that's great
god damn red straight rich wanted to
kick your ass
yeah that's all I'm saying I know all
right let's see here
hey anyone see ready to rumble starring
David Arquette Oliver Platt and many
wrasslers never saw that one no not a
big David Arquette fan no whoa whoa
little Kip up come on ref get in there
he's killing him he's killing him
you are Ritchie's plaything at the
moment oh wait here we go doc come on
did you taunt yeah I didn't mean to
could be the comeback
oh that was right in the nuts it's right
in the nuts let's see here nine pins
knave says new to twitch keep up the
good work guys well thanks nine pin man
they use rich has been Oh raw retina yes
rich has been secretly training all day
ah in this game and he's been he's
playing me he's been a hustling he's
been hustling us Oh guys I don't know
how to play this game it's weird
all right how about we do put a little
friendly wager on this knockout come on
fuck Booya
all right let's do a rematch on the
island what I like it I like it you
don't have to go through the entrance
this time all right all right I like it
dump we've done it you've done it
okay okay all right let's see
gobbledygook says my favorite WWF moment
of all time was the Super Bowl halftime
a hardcore match up between the rock and
mankind
Oh when I was a kid my grandpa loved
rasslin and Andre the Giant versus the
Hulk was my world
oh yeah WrestleMania 3 was the shit
yeah oh you both have the same circle
overhead button Oh what's going on here
something fun oh oh I'm gonna kick you
in the butt that's right thanks buddy
this may move in the culture it's called
the butt kicker and it's basically for
kicking you in the butt
it's pretty good move I can't keep up
with you myself crotch kick Oh
get up on the ropes rip Oh Oh get up on
the ropes get up on the ropes boom now
get up on the ropes gonna remember how I
think you just kind of press up against
the ropes no no no you didn't give me a
chance to do the yeah Oh am I supposed
to be giving you an XI no not you not
you rich the game the game is not giving
me a chance to RIT to retaliate and or
reversal and technically speaking yet if
you were his opponent you would have his
have scripted this out ahead of time so
you should be doing
yeah get on the ropes get on the ropes
oh here we go here we go did not even
give me a chance so yeah that happens
yeah Oh rich got it good job Reds now go
down there how about I just kick you
instead that's I love it I love it oh
this isn't looking good for this thing
again crotch kick this crotch kick you
know what that's my patented knee pole
you had said not gonna feel too good on
your knees oh oh they're all reverse
boom kick him again
Oh dig Oh what oh okay all right pin him
pin him get down and hit him okay hit
him in the face again yeah and reversal
hey that was a reverse reverse space
camo just listen to the first track of
the lusk album this is great reminds me
a lot of stuff you hear ain't
alternative rock these days yeah I'm
glad you dig Loess yeah bass player
original bass player from tools yes a
side project yes and the guy who now
plays keyboards and guns and roses
always Kate Andrews from failure yeah
I'll start a fucking thing the drummer
from tool plays on two of the songs on
that record as well nope nope get back
up there I'm trying
and then why is your signature the top
button no let's not let me get all the
way up I don't know what else to do
other than just I'm standing there okay
oh no I get it I get it alright now I'm
getting it take that stinger
this is how I watch it when I was a kid
you know what I'd of it I've been to
some like some minor wrestling shows I
joined who used to do like the the local
wrestling stuff right on and it's fun
you know like they're you can't
appreciate the athleticism in it
absolutely and the choreography like
it's fun yeah you have to know what
you're doing so you look like you are
going her knee it's going to hurt
yourself then you don't hurt yourself
exactly this is down to this is down to
the wire down to the wire
Jones em I'll ask Josh that question
when he's done razzle 'n he's right in
the middle of a razzle man oh it's
happening
oh he sees one fuck hey finish finishing
me finish him is that the finisher oh
shit she's here today we're doing
Rosalind yeah we're at a time and every
fucker
is finally free Thank You hangout oh you
hit the ref hit the ref wait a minute
did you kill the ref now the ruffle get
up in time you can do you can do
whatever you want now the rest gone I
know I wish I knew how to do illegal
things where's the illegal things but
somebody's gonna give me a chair
oh yeah look how tiny your bar was
because of your health was so low no
triangle was so tiny I know that's crazy
okay what was the question the question
is favorite album that came out last
year last year or this last year of
something came out already this year
so either Adele or beyoncé who do you
like Oh Beyonce I mean of course I mean
yeah lemonade was great sorry yeah oh
right because he will notice one no idea
rich one both oh okay so no oh oh god I
can't even remember think of like so
many good records came out last year
fuck why can't I pick one off the top of
my head no selection overload fuck I get
too many choices that many good albums
name I like yeah yeah good okay where
did you leave off oh no jeez still I'm
trying to think this is the one I
haven't read oh you're good some fun and
if you're watching Men in Tights
knocking each other up be sure to check
out DC Universe Online for the biggest
boy it's free you fucks
Terrence ed says if Ben F if Ben Affleck
is able to get out of his contract with
Warner Brothers where do the movies go
they reboot the entire universe or just
recast if they were smart they would
reboot the entire universe they are not
they're going to go on without Batman no
I know I would say if they were smart
they would just recast so instead
they'll reboot the entire universe
because they're not smart
I'm still just my god what can I think
right like I'm just blanking
oh really hurts our whole disabled match
that's hot
which one comes out on the motorcycle
right one of them does the answer is the
Terminator wins like a hand-to-hand I
think this is t1 it's Dillon versus t2 I
believe yeah well they're both the same
model yes so it'll be extremely even
it's yeah I'm gonna give it do you know
what I'm gonna give it to your original
terminator what's up cuz the sunglasses
original Terminator is gonna be able to
see a bit clearer
oh sure sure that's true yeah you should
be naked though I agree he should be
nice yeah yeah yeah well yeah let's just
you know mosaic for a second and then he
beats up some of the audience and takes
her clothes that would be a grading
truck right plant and plant someone in
the audience well wait he's the
Terminator you're given the Arnold
backstory yeah he came from the future
kill John Connor was was thwarted by a
way to kill Sarah Connor you got beaten
up by a waitress
no but WrestleMania you know what I'll
definitely give it to the t1 because
it's not a gimp by the the no kill
parameter is not even a gift you're
right you're right
alright like where you coming from there
Ridge can he walk slower right fucking
right
but this is a WrestleMania level match
oh we've got two kilowatts from the
future to wrestle each other that's
that's yeah that's WrestleMania
KJ tb8 says hi guys
I was war becomes Attitude Era family
taker stone-cold Triple H for the
Hardee's Big Show just awesome mm-hmm I
don't watch it anymore comparison with
the modern era for those of us left
behind um well it's you know it's
changed a lot in terms of you know uh
doesn't seem to be as much like giant
meat slabs bunched up against each other
there's more actual wrastlin okay you
know they're taking the choreography a
little more seriously baby uh lighter
you know generally smaller people
comparatively the thing is that it's
just bressler's are different now I mean
I feel like in Christian there's might
have been kind of the leading sort of
leader of that pack in a way who's uh
it's two people Christian and edge
that's two brothers who were like kind
of smaller dudes but they were still
badass and you know but in in more
that's the way that like the the the
people that are wrestling now are young
people like lately figure like early 20s
okay
they grew up watching the Attitude Era
for me it's a two-part question mm-hmm
I'm asking you excited I have no idea
yeah quality-wise how does the Edit for
entertainment value how does the actual
wrestling and uh the actual wrestling
yeah a little better I mean they're
throwing each other through tables
that's not actual wrestling is it more
which is more exciting to watch Oh
probably about the same about the same
yeah all right now here's the other
major question yeah how do you compare
the personalities the talking the behind
the scene that the drama how do you
compare the drama uh it depends on which
show on who's writing it at this point
unfortunately there's a there's a
there's a quality shift like Raw is more
similar to kind of that older style
back down is more simple is more kind of
a newer style it depends on like an
adult depends on certain characters like
obviously the women have a bigger a you
know more important position in the
company than they did back then you know
it's definitely they get to wrestle
instead of just slap each other around
for example yeah I mean I prefer it but
I was never that big of like I was I
watched it some back in the Attitude Era
and it's really just a matter of taste
you know the changes it's I'm not gonna
say ones you know definitively better or
worse but I I like it better now
personally okay I encourage people to
watch it I mean it's more I mean I I
mean I'm not talking about like whether
or not the matches are fake but I'm
sorry as far as what they say it's a lot
more scripted now right they're actually
following the script some it depends on
the wrestler basically and it depends
like some wrestlers actually ought have
improv experience and or acting
experience and they tend to obviously
get a little bit of a longer like if you
can prove yourself as being good at
promos non-scripted like you can kind of
get off the leash a little bit it seems
like because but the classics to me are
your Bobby Heenan's and your Rowdy Roddy
Piper's who could do that yeah Fagan or
you know macho man you didn't know what
the fuck was gonna come out of their
mouth who's gonna be entertaining and it
was gonna be awful to cuff or warrior
for God's sakes ridiculous but it was
just nonsense it was but it was great
nuts all right all right great nonsense
uh you know the promo the thing is the
promos in the Attitude Era I think don't
really compare to like yeah that earlier
stuff or the stuff now warrior would
have been the guy that would make me
mandate having scripts he wouldn't
follow him anyway they can't do this
he's he's - he's too gackt out to read I
don't know one wait I can hit him with
the table yeah eat it eat it
take that motherfucking table mother
kill robot
god lyric says has Josh heard the new
Metallica album does he what does he
think of Atlas rise uh that song in
particular actually I think it's quite
good I've heard the three for like
initial songs they released thought they
were okay haven't heard the whole album
yet not not super motivated to hear it
yeah if I run across him it'll be fine
like I was more impressed with these
newer songs I have been for about 15
years but that's not saying a whole lot
unfortunately yeah I generally just like
in terms of where the classic for like
the big four thrash metal bands are
these days like I generally I'm I'm done
with Slayer because half the band's not
even there anymore
Megadeth haven't been good since like
1991 I'll check out what anthrax is
doing on a regular basis justice they've
always been kind of the most interesting
one to me why yeah Metallica they're
there they are there The Beatles of
metal you know they're ubiquitous in a
way what was that but no I just
bunch of stuff up oh he was but he was
prepping the announce table so he could
put Arnold through it oh gotta get all
that stuff off of there alright
otherwise they'll get hurt mmm because
they're not really trying to hurt each
other exactly fun facts fact like nose
says not sure how I feel about Aunt May
in the wrestlers is her new backstory
from Frank Miller I don't know I guess
we'll have to see when the movie comes
out hey Aunt May and they're wrestling
yeah here's some Ursa to me first so
makes never mind never mind
but I don't know wait how do how do I
put this table up
yeah well wait I'm kind of here
it says the lean but yeah yeah but look
what happens I hit B and I put my
further tall you gotta you gotta face
the ropes
I was facing the you gotta get the
corner stay down
dickhead I'm trying to I'm trying to do
the table thing and I can't like yeah
there we go oh shit the riddle steel
says did Jack play Space Marine ork
explanation works are intelligent in
quotes humanoid space fungus created by
ancient aliens of speech he's gonna as a
meat shield and given the personality of
English soccer hooligans and Jack is too
busy wrestling I'm sorry no don't oh
don't you dare I say Oh No son of a
bitch it took me too long to figure out
how to put the damn table all right you
want yeah did you play more space I
haven't played any space man alright
I've played any space man we started
playing neo and talked about me what
you'll hear what we think about neo so
somebody in the chat as my that much
earlier yes yeah we we just had a
discussion about neo earlier today I'll
edit that it was prettyyou know pretty
decent discussion I was pretty happy
with that and if for those eagle-eyed
viewers you might spot something a
little different about our set a little
bit for though if you're really if you
really pay attention if you're blind you
might notice something different about
if you if you really pay attention you
might notice something like what we did
is in anyway final just what do you want
to do okay Helena sales
let's do steel cage okay let's do fuckin
steel cage steel cage okay you're gonna
know what you're in a cage in the ring
okay that's it
yeah stick it out of the cage actually
what you just have to leave the cage
yeah whether you whether you have to go
over the top of the steel cage it's not
you don't have the door anymore uh it's
usually locked ish okay we'll see great
no I was thinking of the hell in the
cell which is where you're just in okay
I don't know what you're feeling I don't
know who anybody is big somebody fun
doesn't this guy kind of look like
Jeremy Clarkson from from the Grand Tour
kinda both English fellows it looks like
he's taking a shit that's the pain he's
trying to take a shit I want to be on
baby - oh fuck sorry you're gonna have a
tough time climb on the ropes god damn
it
yeah does the smallest looks like James
not Clarkson you just look like one of
the guys from that show yeah whichever
one Oh Andre the Giant you're so big
you're like a big marshmallow case
stomach that wrong right you have
acromegaly huh giantism no no his
stomach went out because he was a bigger
man oh how they get the hell they got
his stomach Ron yeah oh yeah he's like
one of the most iconic wrestlers ever
you take like five minutes to get that
right yeah it also maybe get his chin
right they brought what they probably
had to do is they probably had to make
each wrestler within their own character
creation yeah engine to make sure that
other people could make it you know and
so the thing is their character creation
I did real good we're gonna look at that
later ladies try to make some it
it's a girdle that's exactly what it
would look at doesn't very girl and I'm
sure the giant did not use no girdle he
was too busy drinking beers the size of
his fucking fists
you're right if al Radko they went for
sex appeal that's what you want without
Dre the giant anyone do you want a
little pizzazz for the match starts good
Sam the ex has a question for you Josh
yes do you watch Japanese wrestling new
Japan has been on fire this year they're
putting English commentary on all their
big shows makes the stream LOL drop my
leg
yeah I've seen some and I've been
watching a little bit of it this year
the McKenney Omega match and I'm
forgetting the name was competitor but
it was the biggest match of the last
pay-per-view watched that match that was
fantastic
I've been meaning to go back and watch
that whole paper who they've got some
really good people going on really good
wrestling just the way they're the way
they kind of approach it is you know
it's just a different approach and it's
really refreshing for someone that's you
know watching a lot of WWE which is why
it's cool they're like yeah try to try
to watch some different promotions right
now and again but yeah new Japan's got
some really cool stuff Kenny omegas
great it's called new Japan New Japan
Pro Wrestling okay and that's like
they're like like WWE it's like that's
their Japan Japanese yes yeah they're
there they're putting English commentary
on at all and they've got like they've
got like they've got a channel like a
big channel you can subscribe to and
watch all their all their wrestling
shows and I can't afford to be you know
buying all these subscription things so
they went like WWE with monthly
subscription service
I mean it's smart for them to do that in
the US because then they can focus
directly on the on their base
oh yeah build from there okay you ready
fuck no Andre the Giant of you literally
killed himself going over the top I want
to pick you up now no no God always look
at this look at this those are digging
no way going go too fast don't do
something
oh that was silly little man poor Daniel
Bryan noot old man so little I'm trying
I want to know I wanted to get up on the
ropes I don't know if he can't get up on
them right you're gonna find out I guess
oh I'm so slow see that's the thing I
got speed on my little oh I got speed on
my side little man I'd have to help
Andre would refuse to let himself go
down that way would refuse to help no
you cannot hey little man I could no I
don't really put people over yeah if you
needed to he's a team player he's a team
player
get up how many times did Andre let
himself good slams OH
Hogan did it like one saying twice
actually
yeah anything that was it maybe Oh
little man so funny ha ha oh come here
little man now I'm waiting them once
you're stuck in that cage Andre no I
will kill you ha ha I will use your
intestines as rope oh that's a terrible
French accent jack is he front was he
French yeah Andre oh you know what what
if I just kick you a bunch Andre was
undefeated for 15 years
ah if you can believe that like they
wouldn't throw that figure out to height
like a man right that doesn't mean it's
true
Oh get the fuck out of there
wake up Andre wake up and wake up grab
little man grab little man come here
little man
No
come on
Oh welcome to the no and passed away
from try to climb out of the cage and
that is just breaking yes I can yes I
can
let's try a ladder match okay uh we're
gonna need to pick some different people
yeah and for sure oh yeah
obvious that idea I'm sure all right
Baga use the restroom yes oh you know
what I wanna be this guy oh you won't be
sick I'll sing God ah good look he's got
a mask oh great I could be his most
recent opponent but I want to be doves
it's Dolph Ziggler to be whomever you
want huh Sin Cara I could be your
partner Callisto what oh that's ours
Callisto not suck
I get those two mixed up actually
frightening him out Callisto seemed God
we're doing a ladders match let's be
Neville okay man what the light bald
head he has a what look at his head you
know what is kind of shaped like a label
you know correct yeah he's doing a
really fun angle in the cruiserweight
division right now where he's super
angry at everyone as just beating the
fuck out of everyone oh great okay
that's fine okay so what's the what's
the ladder match uh a lot of matches
there is there are ladders we can beat
the fuck out of each other with that's
it and I cycle but we it's like we're
still just trying to pin each other
right okay yeah so there's not a stick
like in the cage okay no but it slits
that we get to legally beat each other
with ladders oh and do spots off them
and things like that okay so yeah you
can climb up on the ladders and jump off
of them
we'll have to figure out how that works
oh you fucker I am coming for you eat it
bitch get in
I'm trying hit up let me get up oh no do
we have to get that case what there's a
case up there
Oh gold case maybe I thought it was just
a regular ladder match hold up
do you see it yeah that's not seeing it
jack what's hitting you well it's it's
like in the center of the Ring it's like
a gold case to get the thing yeah I
thought when we when you okay then that
means that's that's we have to get a
ladder inside the
thing okay don't do it no I didn't want
to do that don't do it I didn't I was
gonna try counter that's trying to leave
where you going out here gonna get this
thing if I can remember how to pick
things up the two bumpers get away from
me oh I know sometime abh send them a
beach wake up wake up no it's see it's
not it's the bumpers both of them
together Oh together yeah don't do it
don't do it yeah I see there you can see
it now the case see no see now I'm
climbing I did the two of them together
and it just got me up here ah let me go
let me wait let me check out this ladder
over here I'll see if I know hey no I
want you to leave leave the ring
you have to Gail I get to the side of it
both bumper hold both bumpers together
well let me get down from the fucking
let me down let me down
I can't get down complexes when I was a
teenager bear finally I saw a local
wrestling match with midgets it made me
feel slightly uncomfortable your
thoughts also have you seen any of the
Wang Wang movies funny shit what great
show guys
oh you have to be right centered oh I
get it
I found a chair if if you yeah I did
that take a little person who agrees to
wrestle you probably know what you're
getting into
there they're voluntarily they're not
slave labour and they can actually make
good money yeah they're like anybody
else yeah well you just pick up the
steps
in it you can't be the second oh I'm
getting my chair back hold on get your
chair no don't throw this steps at me
fuck you that's great again no I'm out
of here
come here fucker nope yeah you wanna get
close to me get close to me
yeah Oh what am i doing what what are
you doing I don't even know
get up yeah eat it
where's my chair no no hit him bitch
well that's not near as impressive was
getting you don't handle the steps
that's that's our this how about I get I
get nothing there's nothing over there
nothing left
okay great how about the ladder what am
I even doing now or the chair again okay
how about I hit you with a chair again
valleys fuck get the fuck out here okay
now the ladder turn around turn you know
what fuck you come on turn around well
turn around bright eyes turn around
there we go okay now hit with the let no
don't get me with it put it in the ring
I'm true Bible I will continue with the
I am here how do you the tips when when
Josh and or Jack are actually able to
concentrate and answer the question
right now wait how do you how do you
fold it I don't know okay hello I need I
need rabbit and had different buttons
experiment grab it try be ever every
button I press puts it down everybody
first put it down yes I get hyped hi
great alright grab it and try lb left
trigger that makes me run all right oh
that got me to climb the ladder
wait go up go up go up yeah
you can't stop me from wrestling I'm
getting out of here now
peace okay we're gonna try this ladder
charges going into the ring normally
with it
maybe he'll automatically fold it head
forward while holding it ahead I'll be
like you know really pressed to get to
the ring no but and if I let go of L&B; I
drop it are you supposed to go yeah look
the ring there's that oh wait maybe I
gotta go up the stairs there's a do you
see that golden case in the center of
the Ring yeah okay no can't go up the
stairs oh hey there we go I was I was
pressing all of the buttons don't
fucking take my ladder that's white
ladder no no we're gonna hit you this
fucking ladder you fuck fuck you damn it
yeah yeah setup hurts
get up there
yeah yeah okay on the ropes no I want to
get up on the ropes see this see this
yeah so tired
no I actually oh why can't I not all
right oh can I kick your ladder oh yeah
what I'm gonna do this oh yeah
this is the most entertaining thing ever
wake up wake up wake up wake up wake up
get out get out get out
oh there we go yeah yeah oh fuck you
yeah fuck you fuck you fuck you
right son of a bitch Catman event you're
the cow you're the power the cat punch
of kick him and grapple grapple grapple
and punch him in the face
whoa okay okay look I know what time it
is hat hurts you know time it is know
latter time it's so I kick it okay guess
what no then the ladder falls down
that's right
we need the ladder son of a I'm gonna
kill you imma hurt you yeah yeah didn't
see that coming no I didn't run I don't
have any run juice left
oh that's a concussion yeah that's right
all right now we got wake up can you
wake up can you wake up can you wake up
can you wake up wake up wake up my
letter now yeah go ahead go off it look
at you way far away from far away I got
it oh shit oh yeah you ain't
all right right on the goddamn ladder
again so I knew another journey you know
hurting you hurt you more yeah you know
what you know what it doesn't doesn't
account ladder physics it should it
really should get up on the ropes get up
on the ropes get up on the ropes and man
oh nice nice I guess we're picking up
that ladder now picking up we're picking
up the ladder now and we're gonna put
down the ladder you horrible dickhead
okay oh my god yeah okay all right
what's in the case
win money in the bank my win is in the
case last tip when I was a teenager oh
yeah you read the table coke says last
tip for now got to grab some food with
the fam but one last thought from mean
best slash song of all time
for me it's Guns N'Roses coma from Use
Your Illusion Use Your Illusion one
could listen to it forever Oh like best
slash playing like music types on slash
is a good card player yes most
well-known I'm hanging in Guns and Roses
he has solo albums but I've never heard
those oh I know they exist um actually I
would go with
I know they exist I would go with
estranged from which which is all
someone they use Your Illusion mountains
can't remember if it's one or two right
now but I think he's got some really
great parts all the way through that
song that's my opinion
right all right cool don't you undo solo
oh you got we we need a breathing so
serious I don't know if you saw that
pretty wicked match all right what
should i what should i do should I do
what kind of over here what's hell in a
cage I don't know what any of these are
Helen Estelle is a closed cage just a
standard match though something like TLC
TLC is Tables Ladders and Chairs okay
and by the way if you are outside the
ring and hold both bumpers you look
under the ring and get a chair okay yeah
it's putting that out there
Oh Extreme Rules is you get to use all
sorts of out like all the weapons
Royal Rumble in the channel oh yeah
there's a rumble
right bottom corner there but yeah it's
just you versus like ten other dudes if
you want to do that I'll go to shop go
for it
have fun yeah and I think this is one of
those where what we could do after we
make some characters we could literally
just put them all to computers yes we
can and have them do it whoo you do
least one you do exactly
did you ever see there was out of a few
years ago out on Vimeo the most what
speaking of slash the most wonderful
documentary on the wah pedal oh no it
was great just talking to a bunch of old
guitarists about like how the wah got
made the importance of the pedal it's
like it's super rise during the 70's and
show how modern rock guitar players use
it it's an amazing documentary on the
wah and I don't necessarily remember
what it's called but I will try to track
it down because it would very much enjoy
ya know and slash is a big part of that
just talking about like how he uses it
vital the my favorite section is uh is
the guitar player for Isaac Hayes oh
sure during during shaft shaft yeah and
he's like he's like fuckin hate that
song because I don't know it for me it's
just I'm just strumming and hitting the
wine that's all Isaac wanted with just
the watch just throw them yeah and and
he's like that's why at the end of that
song I change key cuz that's the only
time I do I do in the pose loss the only
thing really great I have a lot pedal
right here well it's finding it was free
on Vimeo someone someone mom you know
what the chat knows everything via the
chat knows every thinking coffee it's
almost manic are no no keep drinking
yeah I'm glad they've they tried to
capture more recent Rick flair while he
looks now he looks old and weird
yeah his I I mean but that's that's just
videogames eyes look dead oh no I'm
we're talking about the forehead the
cheeks mmm Ric Flair's seen better days
they don't have younger Ric Flair in
this do they no they don't
younger sting you have younger sting and
Ric Flair yeah they could have done that
now would have been nice
what have a nice to have like just you
know uh super platinum hair with like
and if we could get some blood right
about here okay let's just get that red
flash yeah Williams raving at the camera
oh you get to fight Dolph Ziggler that's
fucking great who Dolph Ziggler that guy
who's Dolph Ziggler he's a current guy
he's that guy look at him he's crummy I
don't care about dogs take a look I'm
sorry let's see what happens if you
surgeon Vimeo for a wop at all I want to
find the name of this okay you around
the kitchen beverages they have no
beverages fine category by documentary
you know I don't see it on here he used
to be on here was great it was a great
little documentary oh well hey you know
what why don't we do another games
giveaway
why don't we do another games giveaway
let's see here
hey who wants nuclear throne I've played
that on stream before it's a a difficult
roguelike twin-stick shooter anyone want
nuclear throne let's do that rich yeah
can you think of a trivia question well
no your play no I can't well I have to
think I don't have that capability great
it's called cry-baby oh is that what
it's called cry-baby
I believe that let's give away nuclear
throne well what happened hold on
alright I would send me how to do
something lament your opponent's stop
the cursor and the red target zone by
pressing a well
solve for X right okay so remember only
if you really want nuclear throne shit
and and can play it okay here's here's
the question here is the question here's
the very important question I have the
question if you want if you want nuclear
throne what does Cameron Mitchell want
you to close he wants you to close
you're not even trying he wants you to
he wants you to close the fucking what
that what that's the question close the
fucking what
what does Cameron Mitchell want the item
really Terminator huh yeah the term no
Arnold idea well it's a giveaway Ritchie
took so you know they don't have to be
hard questions oh my god kg k JT b8
that's right Cameron Mitchell wanted you
to close the fucking door
close the goddamn door close the fucking
door doesn't have a ring to it
yeah close the fucking door k it was
clean door first and then did CB hold on
let me let me whisper at UK JTB you own
airplanes you win nuclear throne that's
a fun game nuclear throne give it a play
oh my god everybody's still over Rumble
just more people and do you remember how
to how to win the rumble they're rich
you have to get everybody over the top
over the top rope I know do good rich
knows what he's doing alright I just
whispered out your kg tb8 whisper I just
whispered
it's nuclear thrown right into your face
oh yeah I did you got it you got it
great great close the damn door is a
line from Harry Potter and the Prisoner
of Azkaban where it is close the damn
door mr. Potter what movie is that from
did you guys ever do that unless the
words oh yeah terror in Beverly Hills
yeah amazing the old bean factory that
movie needs a special needs a special
recognition
it's so fantastic hell yeah
Gino suave I have not watched doomed yet
I have doomed and that's the problem you
want to see it J let's see it I know
rich wants to see it so it's like hey we
should all get together and see it but
we're all very busy people yeah whoa
rapidly press the button that appears on
screen before your plan to get oh oh
that looks dirty that looked like you
were dancing but we have doomed we will
watch doomed we're all very excited to
see doomed lunar arch on mont snow did
Josh talk about wrestle Kingdom 11 in
the main event at Casa Kucha Okada vs
Ken Omega yes okay great that's the vibe
there five six or whatever that's fun
places to find things they just kicked
Arnold ah oh fuck you teeth won oh look
he's mad I suppose I suppose you're
right let's see here also Josh yes what
was your reaction to the at number 30 at
the Royal Rumble
Jesus what happened what's the last the
situation 30 was the the last one out of
30 men you know is 1 to 30 ok and number
30 last one out was fuckin Roman reigns
nobody wanted to see he'd already
wrestled in that particular pay-per-view
oh I think the only reason they had to
go to Roman reigns is that's the only
way they could get Randy Orton over as
the winner of the Royal Rumble
just because it's you know it's all this
all this talk about like oh the fuckin
you know new generation new era of
wrestlers meant Randy Orton versus John
Cena
well we've never seen that before
definitely not 14 times are those that
we've seen your mic cut unplug it oh
shit there we go okay is it on now it's
working now we're checking out the tap
and tap yeah it's working
alright Josh sorry bout unplugged uh
yeah so yeah the roman reigns that the
old that was the only reason they needed
to get him neither put him thirty was to
get Randy Randy Orton over as the winner
so we can set up the Randy versus Bray
Wyatt match at WrestleMania which is
gonna be good looking forward to that oh
shit it's Brock Lesnar
Oh also you mentioned before lucha
underground lucha underground is yeah
that's on the El Rey Network well they
say apparently the first two seasons are
the did they get there and I knew they
were coming that's uh that's what
someone in the chat said I don't know
yeah either they're coming or they're
there but it's awesome okay I'm looking
forward to finally watching all of it
I've seen bits and pieces just because I
don't have cable so I don't get all
right I don't know if we get alright at
all in Milwaukee
but yeah I'm looking forward to seeing
that and hoping they are able to do more
just because they're doing all sort I
mean the thing about lucha underground
is it's it really cranks up the soap
opera elements like it's kind of its
kind of wrestling mixed with telenovela
like this character that died uh like in
the show like oh he's dead like that's
nobody dies on this unless they actually
die huh oh ouch
too soon yeah always forever too soon
frankly that's one of the reasons like
stop
watching for a long time was the whole
crispin wanna thing I think I just kind
of took me on a wrestling for a long
time but or like the fact that there's a
medallion that they're all trying to win
wad that turns them into a mummy or
something if I remember I I don't
remember that part of it but it's it's
got some crazy shit going on and I'm
excited to like take it in like a proper
proper show sure sure
are you sure whispers work for you it
says your settings prevent you from
receiving whispers oh sorry hold on if I
can't receive whispers you guys probably
can get my whispers and I thought that
would be a nice easy way hold on a pause
pause for figuring that out
Oh where's a whisper center hold on all
right
security and privacy will probably be in
there okay
let's see here it's probably security
and privacy go what one moment I'm gonna
figure out this hey why is t1 back in
Orissa start over okay did you get
eliminated
yeah okay well I'm terrible at hitting
those Artie's yeah it's hard like the
timing of it is really rough I've threw
up gameplay I've had tough times with it
alright I think I fixed it we're gonna
see I'm gonna see if it's working now
you pulled off instead of throwing him
over the top ropes that's the thing
about playing like playing these games
oh oh he's going right after your face
oh wow ow
face like right in the eyes
wait a minute
Hey beefcake I just whispered you back
Oh see yeah and this is why cuz now
people are whispering at me I disabled
whispers and so it's like hey you know
like whenever they whispering at you we
haven't we have a whole chat you don't
need to whisper yeah you don't need to
whisper at us because we have that's
what the chat is for beefcake I
whispered at you for the tests I'm
trying to whisper out the winners of the
games but I don't know if it's working
okay but now you should be able to
whisper at me but don't unless you wanna
but don't unless you want a thing or
else it's gonna get crazy
they don't care also they don't care
hold on whoa
knee breaker breaker
sorry we're getting here we're getting
there we are figuring this out so they
have a real life mode where you have to
artistically lose the match like there's
actually aa predetermined know the thing
is you'd have to be able to hear the the
ref telling you what to do through his
ear feet like getting instructions for
the back through his earpiece so that's
no good
it would be amazing they built that into
the into the Cayman like that would be I
would that would love a wrestling game
like that
figured out and and even if you could
call beforehand if you play if you had
planned out the match or if you're
calling it live like you have to figure
out how to lose properly that'd be great
I'm not yeah not get out of your pin
actually would be that would be really
cool
hey 2k he's still working on this year's
game oh hey hey doing that yeah I forgot
I wanted to give a shout out shout out
to what last time I was on the stream
yeah uh it was just after jacket decided
he was gonna start to try to grow a
beard and abandon it like right away you
didn't have that's discipline for it
immediately abandoned my beard
ah but some fellows that our fans are
proprietors or work with or work at this
place called the Ohio Valley beard
company yes that's right that's right hi
fellow brood supply that's what is and
being the beard East one at the time and
still to this day I took the the kid
home and I sent this wonderful kid all
sorts of oils and shampoos and things
like all sorts of really cool stuff and
it's really good stuff simple just like
formulations of just you know natural
things mm-hmm the one I've been using
the bureau oil was the Darwin which is
like that like I had like a tea tree
things yeah
fuck yeah good job rich I did I use that
so much actually I ran out today or that
I'm trying some of the other flavors but
Ohio Valley beard supply thank you very
much you guys do good work and I
recommend your stuff to anybody that
wants to take care of their beard
inhabit smelling I'm looking real nice
that is all bearded up yes well there
you go
yes yeah Jack tell rich that in career
mode they're all matches where you are
booked to lose cool oh well oh and you
know what I bet that just kind of
teaches you some of them the buttons and
such okay great motto daughter says Josh
five dollars has been deposited in your
account Oh
for the plug oh it was a gift and you
found yourself using I'll talk about
they make a good product yeah we know
we're actually we're starting on our LM
beard crate oh yeah
be your great subscription service
you're gonna in you're gonna love it if
you don't have a beard you're gonna get
a beard you go yeah that's part of the
thing that's part of the thing
okay kg tb8 finally got his schnitzel
schnitzel you had day of the tentacle
thank you there you are I will get you
day the tentacles nizzle and whoever one
star to earlier whisper at me if you
didn't get star do and
boink and there you go schnitzel
I'm done with Royal Rumble all right
okay let's uh why don't we take a look
at character creation let's do that here
rich do you want to there will be no
woah-oh well or do you want to do a
regular match with his play I would I
would be forcing it out of them I sure
yeah so guys what do we all right get
all the way back out here yeah you tell
me I don't know what you left off this
town no doctor noodles I did not read
dr. noodles
dr. noodle says dr. noodles my
girlfriend and I are going to Milwaukee
this weekend for a concert and I was
wondering if you guys had any
suggestions for places to eat to drink
and things to do uh depends on where
about the concert is that the safe house
is usually fun yeah yeah I feel like
it's a great to touristy thing to do yes
absolutely you go to look up the safe
house and it's a kind of a secret bar
that you can go to they have good food
what secret that it used to be
yeah the new management no they took a
little bit of the fun out of it though I
haven't been there recently I was a sign
out front no no for the same phone no no
okay it's a spy themed bar see the nice
thing is it already looks almost like me
yeah definitely in this area here very

[Part II]
yeah definitely in this area here very
you alright yeah what's pail
we have to go pail $5 from I literally
cannot read that Josh who do you think
is better
the revival or the young bucks oh geez
that's the million-dollar question isn't
it um god damn that's really tough um
I'm gonna give just the tiniest bit of
edge to the revival I think they've been
doing really good work lately and then
the stuff they've been doing when
they're like when they've been able to
be on TV which unfortunately they
haven't been very much lately
like the match with DIY was you know was
voted match of the year and wisely so
but just barely
goddamn that stuff
anonymous says Josh since you are an
expert in all things metal am i down
what is your opinion of babymetal and do
you consider it metal uh yeah it's metal
it's pretty cheesy um what does
babymetal it's small Japanese girls the
play metal okay
yeah I have big fun you know the songs
are any one's allowed to play metal yeah
absolutely
it's nothing that I would put on
casually but it's kind of fun whatever
there are plenty of other you know bands
kind of mixing j-pop with metal in more
interesting ways Boris did a little bit
of it on a couple of Records previous
there was some really interesting stuff
there but I'm not you know not super
into it okay geez shots aside jack rich
and Josh just watch the latest best of
the worst
oh and gotta say that Jack's expressions
of shock horror and joy made me smile oh
and rich and Josh are awesome as well
thanks for all the fun you're welcome
you're welcome kid take that home any
amount
- yeah this quarter this imaginary
quarter nice yeah you can really fuck
with the faces yeah for that attitude
that makes it look a little more more
pleasant cheekbones hecka says sunny
spring of doomed a few months ago the
director he told a great story or Roger
Corman walked out of the premiere hmm
I'd say why but don't want to spoil the
doc do you want to know
no the point of watching the doctor no
spoilers thank you
oh my god you can really fuck with this
shaken that's just a good proper
character creator Ryan anonymous says
Josh what is your reaction to the end of
Chris Jericho when Kevin Owens on Monday
it hurts my heart I believe in a
friendship and it just hurts to see that
broken apart it's a real hurts no it was
a long time coming
I'm surprised it actually took so long
for it to happen but the way they did it
was really fantastic I'm assuming that
the the shots beforehand of Triple H
haven't taken Kevin aside and like was
him telling him like hey dump Jericho
he's got to go back on tour with his
metal band and you need to concentrate
on being a winner and or dropping the
title to Brock Lesnar or Goldberg rather
so he can fight Brock Lesnar at
WrestleMania and that match is gonna be
stupid it's gonna be two old dudes that
can barely wrestle wrestling for the
biggest championship in the world
little is old enough around well he's
been real well he's not how about that
Macho Man Randy Savage oh yeah oh man
lovey some Bam Bam Bigelow yeah like
that yeah like that pat paterson old Pat
Patterson he's good stuff Jerry Brisco I
just yeah I can't spend this much time
don't just I know there's I know but I
act much that you can do it's fuck
that's perfect that looks just like me
Yeah right there's the face body this is
where it's gonna get important we need
more muscles obviously sir Dan forces
for Josh yes just getting back into
wrestling myself after I've been 15
years mmm who's got the best gimmick
right now
I'm liking new day also the whole
Jericho list thing but haven't watched a
whole lot uh well yeah so you might know
some might have heard some spoilers
there just before about Jericho
unfortunately new days got a fantastic
gimmick they really I've been just
connected with you know connecting with
the crowd doing a real good job there
best gimmick oh boy I mean I really like
I really like the heels so yeah Jericho
has been fun with the lists there's a
lot you see there's a lot less gimmicky
gimmicks
these days it's it's more like you're
really good at being a heel or a face
but just to have like a gimmick it was
like you know they liked the new day
come out and have like their spiel they
say all the time and like them they're
kind of like videogame enthusiasts like
they come out dressed like somebody from
a video game or this or that or make a
reference to a thing um so I guess
that's a gimmick but that's it's kind of
hard to say good gimmick could be fun I
got nothing against the
Inuk sure sure uh like you know but yeah
like a stick like your sticky stick
there's not as much of that as they used
to be I will say that there's there's
better honed characters like the heels
that are around in that particularly in
the in the women's division on both on
both the shows Charlotte Flair is a
fantastic heel Alexa bliss is my
favorite she's awesome like there's a
bunch of really good characters going on
they're just you know people that make
you effectively hate them which has got
to be so much fun to play that's like
just to be just the asshole it's got to
be fun you know and there are people
that are really good at it and they're
people that are okay at it and there are
people that are you know faces that
really should be heals and I hope they
get there I remember Bobby human saying
it was nice to have an excuse to treat
fans poorly oh god is that yeah oh one
of my was it was just just the end of
character yes standing Karen yeah one of
my favorite fucking things from the last
couple years was when back in NXT which
is like the developmental basically like
it's that it's the minor leagues for
wabe at this point and then everybody
gets you know eventually called up or
ditched this was back when Bailey and
Sasha were down at NXT and they had an
amazing match and there was a girl that
always dressed like Bailey was always in
the front row is just like the biggest
Bailey fan in the world and Sasha
fucking like ripped a thing out of her
hair fucking threw it on the ground and
that girl cried she cried like that is
great like it's just she just oh she's
really gonna be in heel and I hope she
gets to go back to it anyway blah blah
blah blah although I will say if you
wanna get caught up with wrestling in a
good smart fun way yeah there's a
podcast called tights and fights yeah
that I really enjoy it's got just the
right balance of respect and irreverence
where it's just like we love wrestling
and we know how fucking dumb it is any
anything words just old guys talking
about the crap that used to have been
behind the scenes with wrestling oh
there's plenty of that these days always
entertaining
you're gonna lose never not been
entertaining you're gonna get into that
there's a bunch of that out there if you
want it yeah all sorts all sorts of old
old wrestle dudes talking with other old
wrestle dudes yeah yeah exactly like you
they probably the newer wrestlers
probably don't have stories where they
were driving together cross-country in a
shitty rental car that breaks down oh
yeah that happens just pretty easily huh
they start building up stories pretty
quick and a la a lot of these a lot of
the younger wrestlers spend a lot of
time in Indy promotions to where they'd
get paid like 50 bucks a night if they
were lucky and had to pay for all travel
and everything themselves so those
stories pile up KJ tv8 says thanks for
nuclear throne guys Josh desert metal
yes or no desert metal I think they're
talking about the they're talking about
the Southwest like like Queens of the
Stone Age and caius and that kind of
thing I followed up where do you stand
on caius if anywhere see that's yeah
guys okay um I like kind of the droney
elements of it like that's kind of the
same thing we're like I really like
certain stoner rock bands like sleep
that's not because like oh man druggie
it's like I like loud droning things I
like things that'll stick with a note
for five minutes
whatever really drag things out I love
shit like that so like when Caius gets
into that's really cool there is a band
from that same scene that's way less
metal and way more surf called yawning
man like I love they're so good and it's
yeah it's just like it's got a little
bit of that it's got a little bit of
kind of the same sort of feel but it's
really way more surfy there's a lot more
reverb guitarist plays he doesn't even
play with a pinky plays with his fingers
and it's this it's really cool stuff and
there's there's stuff
of them on YouTube like on a beach with
a generator playing in front of a bunch
of like long hairs okay man that's cool
I never get to do anything like that I
like that yeah generally speaking yeah
it's okay I don't listen to a whole lot
of it guys's the best of the more
metallic side of that for me I'm curious
about something
why are you side by side yourself oh
because you but because you're designing
both how you're going it's you're gonna
have the chance yep okay oh I know more
about this part of the video than the
wrestling part because I watched the
monster factory on it and they spent a
lot of time what's the monster factory
monster factory is a video show where
they take video games with really good
character creator creation things like
this and make the ugliest weirdest thing
possible ah
oh that's monster factor exactly ah
right
right it's the McElroy brothers from my
brother my brother and me the podcast
which I believe I've established do you
guys actually don't know I mention it
again you know all video game things
it's the wait did I make him know what
happened did you save it as their same I
thought I did oh yeah go to edit edit
custom server settings yes I got Jim
Cornette is an ass but I can still
listen to him talk for hours she said
she could talk her yeah I didn't even
really wasn't even that familiar with
him yet I can still listen to him for
hours he is a good talker yeah I just
want to make his name yeah there's yeah
you gotta get into although I didn't
watch much WCW when I was younger no no
okay oh yeah member well no it was WCW
till it failed well it didn't change the
name to WCW after Turner bought it
wasn't slightly no no okay
I mean I know the big I knew the big man
something you're staying
where's and your anyer nwo's well I'll
be yeah but I mean before then
yeah yeah okay yeah I guess I had to
mini eyeball I had two errors of
rustling I was a kid it's all about you
know Hulk Hogan macho man that kind of
1980's WWF I ate that shit up and then I
fell out of it for most of the early 90s
to get to like a later 90s yeah I
started watching WCW once they started
doing like the NWO type stuff okay and I
was into that for a while until I got
like extremely tired and old yeah and
then I just stopped altogether and I
never really came back to wrestling in
any way shape or form yeah that's fair
that's fair yeah like I say I watched it
on and off when I was in college what
are we doing
okay you got to make the face way around
her well yeah and what you got to start
with what you know you start with the
beard so are you going to make all of us
is that what's going on that's fine if
it is oh yeah what's gonna I was just
gonna get started yeah Wow well you guys
were talking like a darker yeah
but yeah I washed it I got into it like
I was in I was into it this kid that
everybody's in doing this kid yeah you
know it was like being a white head my
brief I believe it's real fandom oh yeah
and then I I won't that was pretty long
phantom I was in that I was into that
for a while and then I had a brief oh I
know this is fake now this is
entertaining fandom gotcha yeah I yeah
yeah like it was into it in kind of that
casual way were like you if you were a
kind of a young Midwestern is white male
kid was either wrestling or weird al'
definitely could be both can be both but
it was like it was there was there still
a little bit of a you know you Lenalee
lean one way or the other and I was
definitely weird al' kid oh Jesus jack
yeah it's tough to pick probably like no
no no no no to up right right right
that's closer I'm gonna look like that
eventually this is gonna go
you just have to own it that's what I
have done I don't give a shit yeah yeah
like I don't care this is gonna happen
oh but yeah but then I got it like when
when Chris Benoit died I kind of just
stepped away for a long time and then
actually got back into it within the
last couple years just friends being
excited about it again in telling me
basically explained to me like oh it's
changed it's full of comic book nerds
that have muscles now especially and
wrestle because they really like
wrestling yeah okay I can get into that
I need like you I need like a you
thinner nose
oh man look you can do all this also do
this same this is Justin's I mean that's
just that's just a decent character
crater as what they should all do oh I
know and I think it's I think it's great
it's just it's overwhelming huh yeah you
do it before you get too into it
favorite customer says Josh which six
WWE wrestlers would you put in the next
Money in the Bank ladder match Oh fuck's
sake six wrestlers next well assuming
they're healthy and depending on how
various angles go let's say one if it's
money in the bank I get to pick from
both rosters so let's say Vince at AJ
Dean I Chad I know there's a plank of
character
I've seen it before we download it I
don't can you download it can you do
that to more TV a depending on who's
coming up in the league I'll say that
Jack is like a housewife the first time
they're good up the Sims it's the amount
of customization is overwhelming and can
you record audio for your own character
that would be great
there's a there's a fan-made plinking
I'll record audio for it yeah fuck you
wonder what's in here Johnny you like oh
my crap that's my wrestling storyline
Brock Lesnar has kidnapped my cat toys
cat Brock
it'll be like that money in the bank
like suitcase hanging only be a little
cat a cage that'd be great
got my cat make a Don Wilson with my dad
about my cat the cake smash oh damn you
Brock Lesnar Brock lens they're nice
love it
hey why don't we do another game give
away what do you think game boy yeah
you're rich yeah think of a think of a
of a trivia question and put the answer
in this word spotter here but the answer
in that word spotter and if you want you
can win a copy of invisible ink
this is josh josh is making josh and
we're doing face right now not worrying
about the body so if you want a copy of
invisible ink that I got sure rich
riches you put me on the fucking switch
rich is going to ask you a trivia
question I got I'm gonna question what's
the question
oh you don't know it's any anything it
could be what what is two plus two
that's up to you you can do whatever yes
I want to be lame if you want it to be
lame do we want it to be lame or giving
away a copy of invisible ink that's cool
enough looks just like you Josh it's
pretty good right all the word I'm that
pretty fat very slim
no you frozen the stream by asking me to
come up with okay well then give it back
give it back much pressure I can't
believe them
I can't believe me I didn't know that
we're going to be quizzes day I wasn't
prepared you weren't prepared well wait
Oh see you thought it one now yeah as
soon as it's a good way from you Howard
so so then but did you put start
watching alright what okay all right
yeah you started watching so now I asked
the question so wait wait what wait wait
this is so this is for invisible ink
type in your answer only if you want a
copy of invisible ink
what vital components is the new prereq
couch missing we didn't even talk about
that okay well I'll see if anyone gets
it vital component is missing in the new
prereq couch that Jack picked up from
Ikea
Oh treci somebody got it way down yeah
well yeah oh it's not showing up here I
obviously didn't take we have to scroll
up in the chat somebody got it oh isn't
this working
okay well Chad hold on someone got it
apparently let's at least one person got
a nice sign hold on I will take it oh
yeah Animists prime is who I see first
with arms Animus prime let's see if
anyone if I can if anyone know that's it
animist prime so so rich do you want to
tell a story about it you probably were
there you we all weren't we're getting a
new we replacing me oh you can see we
don't have a couch right now we just
have chairs in case you haven't noticed
that buzz because we got rid of the old
couch it was falling apart yes and we
picked up by those actually well with
Jack picked it up yeah at the IKEA thank
you yeah
om when you went to get the couch how
did this go down - go that way you got
the couch came back here no man you know
we both drags it up an upstairs here the
studio one mm-hmm
started putting the couch together and
something was missing something
something obvious was missing Oh coach
doesn't have no arms there were no
armrests
I'm the couch yep we have leg pegs yeah
but the leg pegs are screwed into the
arm we didn't have an arm so we got a
couch it's got no arms or legs
it's a quadriplegic couch so so I built
so I bought this couch at IKEA and you
know it's a it's IKEA so everything's a
little mod modular and so I pick up the
couch if you've ever gone shopping
shopping at IKEA you walk through the
whole store and the thing you want then
you write down the number of the thing
you want and then you have to go down
and pick it out yourself from the
warehouse okay and I would go and I pick
out the couch from the warehouse and I
get take it to the cash register and
lady at the cash River says oh my
computer says this is two boxes and I go
okay well what and and she's like do you
have two boxes for your couch and we
start looking around on my cart and you
know I had also got a chair and I got
some other things yeah and and we find
the cover that I got for the couch
because you can buy different color
covers and she goes oh it must be the
cover of the couch I say oh well then I
got two boxes the covers in a box the
couches in a box we got two boxes it's
great so then we go to put it together
today and apparently the second box was
the arms of the couch something
completely different the actual
upholstery it is doesn't count when you
buy a couch an idea
well apparently like the arms work with
this couch they work with a chair they
work with a larger couch and so the arms
are separately so of course Jack shops
at IKEA there is no Ikea in Milwaukee
there's an Ikea in Schaumburg Illinois
which is about an hour and a half drive
away from here and that's where I went
be cut you know why cuz it's cheap
alright furniture and we need a new
couch for the roof it's cheap furniture
it's alright how's that chair great it's
a great chair yeah that's a nice IKEA
chair right there if you write the
question in the chat you remove a lot of
the latency oh sure that's fine so so
that's that's our problem so right now
we have a couch just sitting on the
floor over there waiting for the arms
IKEA was very nice and IKEA is sending
us replacement arms which is very it's
very nice of them but anyway just a
thought but asking the question in chat
rather than speaking what happened so
various delay issues don't you know
we'll see what we can do I don't want my
$2.00 tips going to crappy IKEA
furniture it's nice furniture and it's
good some gonna it's gonna be a very
nice couch when I can put it together
it's gonna be very nice
okay animus problem great you got your
game great
animus got his game alright great
we're doing great then then everybody's
doing great let's get back to some tips
yeah tips here holy crap where are we
Jack's expression just a doomed Josh
what was your reaction to it
oh you we already has that thanks for
nuclear throne guys Josh death metal yes
or no oh yeah we already do then that
was that place what I'm getting there
I'm getting there
graphic military says I've really only
played two video games in the last five
years both were because of prereq FTL
and today I tried frog fractions what
did you think though I've also started
therapy today are those related yes
please advise Oh frog fractions next
prereq video rich and Jack bill like he
had no next prereq video rich and Jack
shockingly don't have their new IKEA
furniture because we couldn't put it
together yeah yeah that's in the next
thank you let's see here hey Jack rich
and guy thanks for all you do
Jack have you seen Legion yet nope made
by the creator of the Fargo show super
tripping stylized but with intriguing
characters just like Space Marines I'm
really looking forward to seeing Legion
where right now my my wife and I are
compiling a list of things we would
watch if we had cable television we
currently do not have cable television
yeah and and and are you know likely Jim
is something
Netflix it hardly seems work right but
there are some things like legion sure
not on Netflix at the moment and so but
there are a few things like we've really
loved the expanse but we'll pet we we
bought the season on iTunes there are
shows that we so right now we have like
three shows that's okay if we had cable
we would probably watch these shows and
and I'm saying if we can get up to like
eight I'm okay paying for cable yeah
like eight shows that we really want to
watch yeah we can pay for cable yeah we
can pay for cable yeah we can pay for
cable yeah we can pay for cable
watch it on demand anyway
then you're paying more
you these things come out on dvd eventually
yeah legion pilot is free on amazon 
boom i'm on that then
and no i will not torrent shit
as a video creator it would be incredibly incredibly
hypocritical to steal other people's content
gino_suave you pay $100 for cable
That's ridiculous.
That's ridiculous.
I'll say the same thing I always say for piracy.
I cannot, we cannot stop, we cannot.
People are going to pirate.
If you have a fucking conscience, though
and you like the thing you pirate
Make sure you find a way to give the people
who made the thing money for the thing
they spent time and effort on.
Yeah.
Like, if you, you know, you really like Ashe vs Evil Dead,
But you don't wanna subscribe to Starz
and you torrented that shit, buy the dvd 
There you go.
Yeah.
And the boxset, at least do that. That's all I'll say.
Cuz I know, you could proselytize, that's morally wrong,
you're not gonna stop anybody.
Oh yeah.
You're not gonna do it.
Have a heart. Have a heart.
Well, and also, think practically.
If everyone, if everyone steals it,
Right, there's no reason to make it.
they're not gonna make it anymore.
Let's see there. 
Hello, Josh. I'm a big fan of Kyuss, but don't know much about bands
other bands in that genre. Recommendations?
Kyuss?
K-Y-U-S-S.
Kyuss. Uh, not reall. I don't know a whole lot about that scene either.
Great. 
Sorry.
Darkwing_Schmuck says, Monster Factory sounds great.
There's a YouTube show. Movies with Mikey. They did an ep on it.
we're all gonna do it cuz we didn't
change it
wizard straight out of the shower be
some clean no no we're Jack's man Jack
should make himself a finishing that's
nothing but dick punches yes that would
be my finishing move there we go all
right out of my room oh my god what a
horrible monster - telling us gum no
tomorrow
yeah
yonder yonder says I've spent most of
this month in the Cleveland Clinic and
even eyes are the most entertaining
thing so far thanks for the awesome
distraction I'm happy to spend a few
bucks telling you guys that well thank
you
Extreme Rules see here Steve Zissou 10
long time you were wish my friend Jason
AKA j-dog man happy birthday you fucks
Navin Bergen j-bone J j-bone excited for
you to be spray-painting stuff oh shit
yeah shit happens dude demon sorry
man look at you look at you
what what communist squirrel yes you can
program the game to say your real name
if it's in the free program stuff
Richard Evans was in the program stuff
okay
give mr. perfect out of there Tran let
me go there we go just hang out there
back
Josh yeah that's what you fucking desert
oh yeah you're probably right
yeah see go ahead rich throw me out of
here and throw it through mr. perfect
out that's alright come on do something
oh there we go there you go who's got
the good controller from this is it this
one
no I got it Wow you keep hitting them
oh yeah no I get it kind of accidental
Raymond rich one ah
we'll figure out this three-way for you
okay I gotta grab I can do I won no
never I think that is the important that
is the important thing you're absolutely
right
okay Jack and I were busy fighting each
other you don't kiss it back out of
there okay triple threat
let's see here go back I want to change
it to the legends oh all right
oh I think that's very important oh we
need to change some of the
here spray-painting oh that you don't do
that easy what you don't do that well
let rich do this thing I don't do it in
this you can you do your thing in the
same okay all of that build-up yeah no
and rich just one I'm we're gonna do
that we're gonna do a we're gonna see if
we can do kind of a Royal Rumble type
rules in a freeway we'll see what rule
set works best for an all computer
through three versus three
though bad side effects is this musical
wall yeah community Korea okay I will
check out community creations
presentation
legend Richard the legend or the legend
Richard okay you'll rich Evans you can't
break up the rich Evans good run with
Richard I think he way to break that up
the Iceman the living legend or the
regular legend or the Latina sensation
regular Latina sensation Richard all
right all right so where do we go to
change well except that step back get on
out of here and then I think section
yeah different different many fear okay
here you go to entrance oh there you go
superstar
custom lips custom superstars oh nice
he's our nice creation motion
you just pick like what other people
think
or you can eat
at josh who does that job just add - hi
Josh
and now I'm going to be nice to you guys
and not pick up in dollar one alright
that's the one that goes on a long time
hey don't I'm not sure
and we're gonna change it to seven on
Spencer yeah entrance music
Seamus tamina addy stuff u.s. president
know what US president in a body Breda
yeah
just woke up and it's time to make that
money
d-generation X movie
firstly dupa dupa dupa dupa okay okay so
then I go to me creation we can do this
and apparently there is a community
creations area here that we can get
blended Oh God the fans won't send us
anything okay
well they do the four way chef link it
in there but that's what I'm saying okay
which Evans needs Kurt Angle anyway so
yeah no matter oh you can do Stephanie
McMahon cheat all business yes now you
can change the other things change the
video and all that shit
yeah no that's perfect yeah story right
yeah that's right my own this shit oh
yeah so that expecting man but instead
Jack walks out the press the princess Oh
princess Jack totally fair
totally hears me Strout but put it out
mmm yes all right
what do i do what do i do I figure
different you don't have to you don't
have to pick a whole tempo period
gonna be Kevin then I have I don't know
how he walks in now you go see
kind of walks in raise his arm that's
beautiful you shouldn't change your
music though see if they have happy
birthday
that's pretty medal this nice fire and
shit
being four hours later dreams again yeah
that's this is what we're doing man this
is where this is the game this is the
most fun part
literally what people do when the play
of the game is to make the little
characters and they customize all the
things it's great yes he spits
you know it sounded
oh they just haven't ordered triple I
knows the one was labeled his name HHS
that's the fancy boy one alright this
one's the one where he comes out and
drink some water and then spits it
everywhere this is yeah you'll want this
there's nothing
Steve Zissou 10 long time your wish my
friend oh we had to did that which my
alpha Steve Zissou have you seen and
enjoyed the movie crawl thank you
I have seen crawl and I did not enjoy it
yeah I thought it was pretty nonsensical
did not hold up in terms of being a
movie with a plot from start to finish
sure what are we doing we're looking for
super modes so we are about to search
for community creations Wow there you go
at the bottom search down down down down
down
Oh Oh my guess you gotta put in the
things and then search never mind
what it's not gonna be in here
other
my plane
definitely most downloaded all right
hashtag blinkin if you can if you can be
able to type something any type of put a
hashtag and see what it lets you do put
a hashtag like one and just click on it
yeah you insert your own and then we get
my hashtag down the bottom my hashtag
there we go okay and k TT e TT yeah
that's it oh we hittin some yep oh yeah
nothing
could be mr. blanket tell us where to
find these things guys we don't know
somebody's saying search for red letter
media
all the typing it's tough to type yeah
okay sir
nope nope all right what else Morrow rlm
cool try that
Oh oh no what the fuck guys Jack you're
such a dingus what what you tell us what
did you get a chanting with a type II
type this is this is actually incredibly
unintuitive as far as uh okay red letter
media with spaces is their idea this is
this is not the most user-friendly we
were only taking you guys word that this
exists in the first place yeah maybe you
can fellas on the previous generation
version somebody say
No we can fight Harley Quinn oh there's
Oscar Oh
Skeletor like a clown very good
oh look that's funny
undertale let's just do the three-way
match
that thing with a favor say why would
all those none of these have the Arlen
tag I think these are just the ones I
have so yeah nope Lincoln sorry guys no
playing it nobody tried we did
absolutely we did we did this is on PC
we are playing this on PC okay can we
download some of the other ones not
right now
all right place
triple threat okay okay let's see here
what do we think let's do a ladder match
sure ladder match
now you're saying that we can get all of
say moving all the way up until it's
this calm you said we can get them all
yeah I believe them oh oh I see okay I
see what's happening
I'm with you so then custom superstars
the lesser Jesus of Christ alright here
it is guys okay ladder match and oh it's
at WrestleMania too hot damn
it's on oh we should have looked if they
had Neal Breen oh Jesus
but then all your right but see then we
would have all lost if it was in the old
broom
place your bets this is this is all AI
control yeah yeah place your bets
Oh fucker guess this might last forever
there's a ladder match could have been a
mistake
oh that's alright now we're going
alright this is how we're going out
right yeah it's this and then we're done
yeah that's my ring that's my ring
okay oh yeah wakey-wakey
sup guys yeah no I tied it on a little
harder last night but I'm here yeah
flowing happy with that I like a little
bit like Gordon Freeman caret character
creating me is very very easy bald
glasses skinny go yeah and it like fat
like I messed up the face a little bit
but it just doesn't matter so I I am a
living caricature up there down here
boom it's right bone okay what's up
there oh good what was that having a
little squat a little bit and the robe
is gone yeah it's not bad on my torso
really it's a little too built but the
fatness is there can we guess on how
long the match will last and who will
win the person that is right it gets a
game how do we wait so hard to keep a
track of how could we keep track of that
that's that would be impossible but of
course yeah no bet you know place your
bets
yeah we none of us are in control yeah
you spit everywhere like an asshole
fancy oh we got so we got a couple we
got a couple of bets already
four-and-a-half minutes with josh is the
winner Oh three minutes with me as the
winner rich a little poof Evans three
minutes with uh let's see here
rich is the winner Josh fifteen minutes
done Jack is already won with my swagger
absolutely absolutely
oh you're haunting blue eyes
no point good stretch big ol stretch
let's see here the Kilmister says this
is the best wrestling match I've seen in
25 years this is also the first
wrestling match I've seen enough
oh here we go oh hey up on me
yep Oh or not you all want to get to me
first let me just back off hold on oh
you're going for the ladder already
that's not a ladder like my cat and Jack
stead jack has been killed Oh No all
right to the thigh there rich is all
about the money
come on Jack get in there and do
something oh my god it's my pants there
we go all right almost ready and and
it's my wrists I was gonna I was gonna
try that no no you guys you guys keep
pressing the old back punch oh no that
is that is a fuck you for hitting you at
a chair fucking dickhead oh that move I
can't move all I have to fall down
classic Jack bows to the head there you
know what Jack fuck you okay you guys go
back to wrist oh how you get him you got
him you got him
Jagga weight class over his head that's
true always in over my head you're
totally fucked up Josh on top of nice
and like drop wrestling I would like to
try that
Oh why would you do that to me Jack I'm
just trying to help you oh yeah yeah
well look at this oh shit oh wow get you
good the princess is down the princess
is down I am recovering this is good
princess is no match for America's
Sweetheart apparently not fuckers just
sit down hold up
sit down we got to do is hit you at the
ladder yeah
oh shit rich you hugged me passion you
help me battle shit oh that's right
catch that shit at whatever Oh terrible
Oh God
right oh well rich got in my way he I
could have stopped this you couldn't
figure out how to step around me yeah
but see now the great thing is now you
guys have your little storyline going
because you're mad at each other that's
true oh really
no you ruined it me I'm going on to know
where I Wrestlemania shit I guess I'm
gonna hold onto it for like nine months
maybe Kasia did the Royal Rumble I don't
know so I've got a whole lot of that
money in the bank fucking case for a
long time this is WrestleMania look at
AB AB AB
guy down the bottom
he is very intent about progress all
right that's what you got to do is
respect to fellas and that's how you win
be respectful yeah and the methyls are
we wrapping up I think we're wrapping up
while we're wrapping it up why don't you
put another automatch on that's a great
yeah now we figured out how to do it's
so three but I wouldn't do a ladder okay
well let's do Hell itself
how long is oh yeah all right actually
hold on I'm we're gonna turn down the
volume a little bit while we think our
subscribers we can watch we gasp oh man
Oh still looking okay still loading this
is the point of the stream in which we
thank everyone who subscribed to us
while we were streaming much like
bruiser
sure much like bruiser Inc wrecks us
dumb mister shy smile who has recent
scribe to us for 28 fucking months in a
row V X 1 3 5 V X 1 through 5 says as
Wells Fargo said 8 is great
but that's alright my mouth favorite
customer says free rec streams like a
fine wine it gets better with AIDS
I just sitting a different first yeah so
you know still it as age but really I
was supposed to say eggs striker 11 21
21 fucking months in a row
striker 11 21 says thanks for the
low-cost entertainment guys I love you
bastion of pain nice the glade says play
what's your three you hacks I have
worked Witcher 3 let's see here oh we
got a robot yeah
alright uh four stars out of fifty nine
months in a row asks wanders confused by
is Lego Batman the best DC movie says to
Nolan Batman movies love the show keep
up the good work
Genest with an X for five months made a
lot up for four months take my money you
hack frauds maybe lots up says clay
dough one so the rule is if it's over
twelve months you start naming the
months okay if it's over twenty months
we say fucking nice okay so I'm gonna do
to Maria because I gotta get to this one
okay uh bin Thank You bin and Titus 84
who says five months and Josh I couldn't
ask for a better anniversary gift
you are welcome chicken Mick abadox stew
pocalypse says love the stream Shamu for
you nine pins baby Yaga Lala for 18
months in a row says can you smell what
the rich Josh and Jay is cooking that's
like that's fine I'm okay with that
how's the match going
uh no match gone jinger's insulin King
2016 says three months excitement reigns
from the insulin castle Herald and my
insulin might set this news you guys are
awesome as long as my insulin pump gives
me insulin filled life I will watch you
guys stay amazing and keep making shit
insulin insulin new key Hunter death
John our daddy
top ramens 24 fucking months in a row
says need more best of the worst
BIF eponymous 32 fucking months in a
robe alright Natsu oh I'm no good at
rolling ARS less but is as rich you want
to handle this one actually real quick
oh my god
thank you rich my good side like a
symphony right like a like a fucking
recording poof ji Schatz has subscribed
for 29 fucking months in a row holy crud
twenty nine months happy to support the
stream keep up the great work guys also
lol Andre my giant I don't really know
what that means but that's cool
makuu Russell 47 because underscore
movie for 13 months I made it I must let
a candle at the altar of our Lord breed
in thanks many many laptops aren't
things none of them work and then yet
many laptops to you maybe yes tuna tuna
for you I'm a tuna for you Sunfire Zac
Freddy Krueger Jarl ball and swagger
mirth shortest says do you try to wear
matching socks
or just grab whatever falls out of the
drawer all my socks are the same
they all match riches to enthrall the
rustling do you try to wear matching
socks or just grab whatever for matching
bizarrely but most of my socks are
pretty much the same anyway
I got mostly I've got a bunch of white
socks I try to do magic ice bone a
badger for 30 fucking months in a row
says looking forward to your upcoming
neato review right guys yes I spoke
badger working on it now and we gotta
get out of the ring we're not even
fucking around with this cell can you
crawl on it yeah you climb it you'd be
all sorts of shit get off him subscribes
to hack frogs for 13 months in a row
says keep it up pack frogs this might be
shoved you in the head
budget Messiah a.m. pill Frisco Jones 30
fucking months in a row Chernobyl
kinsmen 22 fucking months in a row says
I have nothing to say and two bags 45
fucking monster roses can't wait till
rich Jack and Josh LARP wrestling on the
next stream that's gonna happen
absolutely thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
it's true we really do so I guess now
I'm just gonna wait here well we we
shouldn't see who wins
I suppose it's fine we can wait oh yeah
it's appropriate then you know that
fictional Josh is the best of the
wrestling it's appropriate at least
before I look at him probably Lou tree
of woe the tree of watts both wo e whoa
oh uh uh Jack I listen back breaker okay
guys okay I think I got I think I got
this move I think I can do this hi I got
oh shucks a bit of a spaz dick I was
jumping off the rope you fuck see some
of this business we need a different
camera angle so is this a pin thing or
is this little Eve this is pinfall or
submission but there's no count-out
because obviously where can you go right
there's no DQ we'll just clear from that
fucking chair oh I got this guy's no you
don't
oh I think this is just gonna have to go
into we're all just beaten to death oh
hey Jack oh my head and body
oh my body is broke I just want to
believe that if we left right now and
came back tomorrow this was this is day
live well the glass is rich
we both had glasses you gotta put hey
that's an economy of cheery little
moment there Oh was that a sucker punch
like just the rollover look the rollover
move is my favorite like I don't want to
hit you in the stomach
no no no just steals it steals it nope
Oh filo losing the TT I get enough sleep
the devil team is the worst nope
pretty good I thought where she was
gonna punch me in the face
take a look at ya look I'm just not
doing anything right now what's going on
it's one of us to climb the ropes yeah
you guys do pretty I think my a I might
have gotten confused with the refs just
been hanging back and watching for a
little bit oh my god can I breathe oh
yeah oh the wrist Smasher yeah hurts
pretty pretty well known for that
oh the reversal wow the revised Oh No
Rich's have none of that
no no Jesus nope Oh nope getting back at
you some good punches Oh
trying to steal my glasses doing that by
the way wrestling with these glasses I
was not very smart oh right can't
believe they're still on your choice we
can't figure out who's gonna beat up
Josh you're fighting over the right to
beat me up yep that's funny
Oh brutal Oh hammy oh wait guys they got
a hammy
oh we just beam up maybe do something
interesting together but the AI doesn't
really like it so I've seen that option
when playing oh yeah
yeah just like that yeah hey I don't
wanna do it oh that cancellation is
really holding his own in there it's my
life it's my make-a-wish I'll show you a
wrestling match
you're fucking asshole wait no oh yeah
fuck you Oh missed Oh missed I wonder
taunting does something like help regain
stamina it does there's a percentage the
bottom of the thing okay that when you
when you tell it you build something up
there I don't know what it leads to
specifically but there was definitely
something goes up I was sure maybe like
a ability to use a super move yeah yeah
one of the like special finishers or
something like that possible possible
yep we've completely lost interest in
the chair I've noticed yeah it's just
over there oh wait now we're by it again
so it might click something in our AI
wait a minute
it's my birthday got two wins for Joshua
wins for me yeah two wins dominant even
though you fuckers oh well this you
trying to beat the hell out of me
hell no showed believable double share
heads man that was fantastic
I really liked some highlight where I'm
just in the corner panting catching my
breath yeah I don't think the double J's
gonna be there we're already on oh yeah
yeah throwing me into you

[Part III]
as just beating the fuck out of everyone
oh great okay that's fine okay so what's
the what's the latter match uh a lot of
matches there is there are ladders we
can beat the fuck out of each other with
that's it and I cycle but we it's like
we're still just trying to pin each
other right okay yeah so there's not a
stick like in the cage no okay
no but it slits that we get to legally
beat each other with ladders oh okay
with this and do spots off them and
things like that okay so yeah you can
climb up on the ladders and do and jump
off of them we'll have to figure out how
that works
oh you fucker I am coming for you
he hit bitch get in
I'm trying hit up let me get up oh no do
we have to get that case music what
there's a case up there
Oh Gold case maybe I thought it was just
a regular ladder match hold up
do you see it yeah that's not seeing it
Jack kidding me it's like in the center
of the Ring it's like a gold case to get
the thing yeah I saw when we when you
okay then that means that's that's we
have to get a ladder inside the thing
okay don't do it no I didn't want to do
that done do it I didn't that's trying
to leave well you got going out here I'm
gonna get this if I can remember how to
pick things up the two bumpers get away
from me oh I know something eh send mmph
wake up wake up no it's see it's not
it's the bumpers both of them together
Oh together yeah don't do it don't do it
yeah see there you can see it now the
case see no see now I'm climbing I did
the two of them together and it just got
me up here ah let me go let me no wait
let me check out this ladder over here
I'll see if I know hey
no I want you to leave leave the ring
you have to get to the side of it
both bumper hold both bumpers together
it won't let me get down from the
fucking let me down let me down I can't
get down gamma geckos when I was a
teenager bear finally I saw a local
wrestling match with midgets it made me
feel slightly uncomfortable your
thoughts also have you seen any of the
Wang Wang movies funny shit what great
show guys well you have to be right
centered oh I get it
look I found a chair if if you yeah I
did that too
sorry little person who agrees to
wrestle you probably know what you're
getting into
there they're voluntarily they're not
slave labor and make it actually make
good money yeah they're like anybody
else yeah what you just pick up the
steps in it you can't be second hello
I'm getting my chair back hold on okay
your chair I know
don't do all this steps at me fuck you
again oh I'm out of here
come here fucker nope Oh what am i doing
what what are you doing I don't even
know get up yeah eat it where's my chair
no no hit him bitch well that's not near
as impressive as getting you don't have
the steps that's that's how it is how
about I get I get nothing there's
nothing over there nothing left okay
great you got my thing how about the
ladder what am I even doing on ow or the
chair again okay how about I hit you
with a chair again oh fuck alright get
the fuck out here
okay now the ladder turnaround
tert you know what fuck you come on come
on turn around
well turn around bright eyes turn around
there you go okay now hit it with the
left no don't get me with it put it in
the ring I'm true wait fuckable I will
continue with the I am here how do you
the tips when when Josh and or Jack are
actually able to concentrate at
answering a question right now wait how
do you how do you fold it I don't know
okay hello I need I need a rabbit and
had different buttons experiment grab it
try B ever every button I press puts it
down everybody knows I put it down look
it Heights high great alright grab it
and try lb left trigger that makes me
run alright oh that got me to climb the
ladder
wait go up go up go up
you can't stop me from wrestling I'm
getting out of here now
peace okay we're gonna try this ladder
charges going into the ring normally
with it
maybe he'll automatically fold its head
forward while holding it ahead I'll be
like you know really pressed to get to
the ring but and if I let go of L&B; I
drop it are you supposed to go yeah look
the ring oh wait maybe I gotta go up the
stairs there's a do you see that golden
case in the center of the Ring yeah okay
hello my good no can't go up the stairs
oh hey there we go well I was I was
pressing all of the buttons don't
fucking take my ladder that's white
ladder you know we're gonna hit you this
fucking ladder you fuck fuck you damn it
yeah yeah setup hurts getting up there
yeah wake up yeah okay on the ropes nope
I want to get up on the ropes see this
yeah so tired no I actually oh why can't
I not all right oh can I kick your
ladder yeah but I'm gonna do this you
fuckhead this is the most entertaining
thing ever wake up wake up wake up wake
up wake up get out get out get out oh
there we go yeah yeah oh fuck you yeah
fuck you fuck your own
right side I'm a bitch cat man you bet
you're the cow you're the power the cat
punch of kick him and grapple grapple
grapple and punch him in the face okay
okay it's what I know what time it is
that hurts you know time it is no
flatter time what time is it it's so I
kick it okay
that's right we need to learn son of um
I'm gonna kill you I'm gonna hurt you
yeah yeah didn't see that coming no I
didn't run I don't have any run juice
left
that's a concussion yeah that's right
all right now wake up wake up can you
wake up can you wake up can you wake up
can you wake up wake up wake up my
letter now yeah go ahead go off it yeah
look at you way far away from so far
away I got it oh shit oh yeah
all right right on the goddamn ladder
again someone about you will it occur to
you
Oh hurting you this should hurt you more
yeah you know what you know what it
doesn't doesn't account ladder physics
it should it really should get up on the
ropes get up on the ropes get up on the
ropes and hand oh nice nice I guess
we're picking up that ladder now picking
up picking up the ladder now and we're
gonna put down the ladder you horrible
dickhead okay

[Part IV]
Oh custom superstars the luncheon the
lesser Jesus of Christ alright here it
is guys okay
ladder match and oh it's at WrestleMania
- hot damn
it's on oh we should have looked if they
had Neal Breen oh Jesus but then all
your right but see then we would have
all lost if it was in the arena place
your bets
this is this is all AI control yep yeah
place your bets
this might last forever this a ladder
match it could have been a mistake
oh that's all right this is how we're
going all right this is how we're going
out right yeah it's this and then we're
done
yeah well the place that's my ring
that's my ring
okay oh yeah wakey-wakey
sup guys ya know I tied it on a little
hard last night but I'm here yeah
flowing happy with that I like a little
bit like Gordon Freeman
Garrett characters
creating me is very very easy hey bald
glasses skinny go yeah and it like fat
like I've messed up the face a little
bit but it just doesn't matter so easy I
I am a living caricature up there down
here boom it's right bone okay what's up
there oh good what was that having a
little squat and the robe is gone yeah
it's not bad on my torso really it's a
little too built but the fatness is
there can we guess on how long the match
will last and who will win the person
that is right gets a game how do we wait
so hard to keep a track of how could we
keep track of right that's that would be
impossible but of course ya know bet you
know place your bets
yeah we none of us are in control yeah
you spit everywhere like an asshole
your fancy oh we got so we got a couple
we got a couple of bets already four and
a half minutes with Josh is the winner
Oh three minutes with me as the winner
Richard little poof Evans three minutes
with uh let's see here
rich is the winner Josh fifteen minutes
done jack is already won with my swagger
absolutely absolutely
oh you're haunting blue eyes
no point good stretch big ol stretch
let's see here the Kilmister says this
is the best wrestling match I've seen in
25 years this is also the first
wrestling match oh here we go
oh hey up on me yep
Oh or not all want to get to me first
let me just back off hold on
oh you're going for the ladder already
that's not a ladder roll yeah I'll roll
you over like my cat and Jack's dead
jack has been killed
oh no all right to the thigh there it is
all about the money
oh come on Jack get in there and do
something oh my god fix my pants there
we go all right almost ready and and
it's my wrists I was gonna I was gonna
try that no no you guys you guys keep
pressing the old back punch that is fuck
you for hitting you at a chair fucking
dickhead I can't move all I have to fall
down
classic Jack moves you got you got Jack
Wade class over his head that's true I'm
always in over my head you're totally
fucked up Josh on top of me yes nice and
like drop wrestling
I would like to try that oh why would
you do that to me Jack I'm just trying
to help you oh yeah oh yeah well look at
this oh shit oh well it's you good the
princess is down the princess is down
I'm recovering this is good
princess is no match for America's
Sweetheart fuckers just sit down hold up
sit down we got to do is hit you at the
ladder yeah
bullshit rich you help me mash it you
help me battle shit oh look at this
that's right catch that shit whatever Oh
terrible Oh God
ray oh well rich got in my way and he I
could have stopped this you couldn't
figure out how to step around me yeah
but see now the great thing is now you
guys have your little storyline going
because you're bad at each other that's
true oh really
don't you ruin it me I'm going on - no
we're at WrestleMania shit I guess I'm
gonna hold on to it for like nine months
maybe cash you did the Royal Rumble I
don't know
