May 3, 2017
The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/149402902
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/149404807
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DfYSClMJOzw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zSCYilZCubQ
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/859832921804464132

[Part I]
well the problem I can't I can't do
everything no you can and I should have
you know the problem is if you don't
update chatty the email that it sends
out to everyone like says whatever game
we were playing last yeah yeah so right
now well I guess it just says well no
still says we're playing stirred in so
we are not playing stirred in anymore
though
no I assess people in the chat want X
come here still I've since breath of the
wild I've been playing some of the older
Zelda's mm-hmm that's that's where my
head is so I'm sorry viola is this
Twilight Princess or Twilight Princess
HD HD boom this is the ouya version the
world Wii U version the Wii U how is
this possible it's true we are we're on
time we --is-- we are on time ish rich
wanted to play some twilight princess a
fine video game that's full of
incredible bullshit moments you you have
the problem twilight princess I find as
I replay this you have to get through a
lot of shit a whole fucking metric ton
of shit before the game opens up yeah
and it's still linear yes I enjoy linear
isn't inherently bad linear that linear
is not inherently bad the clue the
question we were asking ourselves though
is can you come back for breath of the
wild what's you what do you want out of
a zelda game is the question yeah you
want to explore you want exploration of
course when they tell you you're a dog
and the tail you got to go to this area
and then tell you you have to find the
things you have to collect all 14 it's
just tedious and annoying and awful yes
the dog section suck dog sections suck
and you know what replaying it more
force dog sections than I remembered
oh god yeah and they're all right up
front yeah like before like you don't
enter a new area and overtake its wonder
as link you enter a new area in the
black greatness of a dog then eventually
you get past the dog areas though yeah
and this game gets a lot better the Ivan
I've been actually going back to a lot
of the handheld is elbow yeah I've been
replaying minish cap which is adorable
it's just an adorable game if you follow
the Zelda timeline no I don't it's it's
technically the first one in the Zelda
timeline before Skyward Sword oh well I
came out it came up before Skyward Sword
so I don't know how it's been updated
since but it's the one but it's the one
that establishes that the hero of time
has a green hat okay because before that
one he the hero did not have a green hat
and it's the minish cap that's the green
hat you see it's literally a backstory
for how they here why the hero has a
green cap and it's a little happen don't
have you doesn't have the Master Sword
oh yeah
well then it's after Skyward Sword well
it's not called the Master Sword no no
it's called the Minish sword because
then it's a different sword
maybe it's called the Minish blade yeah
and then it's a different sort
okay so Casteel could be before Skyward
so sure theoretically dish stir in the
chat thinks this is the ugly link this
is like visually like my favorite link
Wow yeah Oh what is wrong with this it's
it's a green tunic but there's details
I love the the chainmail underneath yeah
the the the fact that I'm saying
to visually my favorite language who's
above this tune oh okay Toon Link
skywards the wind wind waker minish cap
link spirit tracks though that link is
so perfect Skyward Sword links kind of
blah hero of Time link well in the
original Oh
baki bar firown' am i right in phone 3d
it's not bad looking mm-hmm get let me
see his face I that's my problem with
this link is his face his face is fine
you know what you know what I don't like
rich I don't like elves okay I'm not a
big fan of Elvis and so that's what he
leads these enough he's a fucking hell
you know so visuals aside yeah what is
your favorite link well they don't have
much of a personality they don't right
I've talked about them just being an
outfit still agreed I mean overall my
favorite is is wind wing I wouldn't
blame you because that that like is
super ultra expressive he's super
expressive like he has a he has a
journey like Rumba the his initial quest
is just to save his sister you know and
like I can totally get down with like
it's so easy to empathize let's see
that's why I like Twilight Princess link
hmm he's not interested saving
princesses it starts out with two little
villagers look he's looking for the
village kids from the village girl yeah
it kind of got a thing exactly this is
the most down-to-earth link hmm maybe he
hangs out with the common people he is a
common he is a common people yes what
isn't one of the first like mini
missions herding sheep yeah I remember
correctly yes yeah yeah here of Time
link completely unrelated yep
grew up in like some weird all kid
village he grew up in a village full of
fairies and then he pulls out a sword
now he's 17 so he's like a 17 year old
with the mind of a ten-year-old
absolutely he is the most unrelatable
link oh ya know and like going through
like I just got through the beginning
section of minish cap too and it's just
it's the same shit where like the
princess gets kidnapped and all of a
sudden they're like we need someone to
go and talk to the mystical link you're
a kid you go
I'm goddamnit I paid them to fix the
bridge SEP different bridge what bridge
they fix I thought it was this one
I paid them to paint the paint I gave
them money okay uh jack my rich up has a
very important question it sounds like
they're asking it sarcastically but I
would like us to answer it honestly
what does question is oh shit who gives
a shit how relatable Lincoln nobody and
this isn't this isn't this doesn't make
the game super good that alone and see
what I would say is how relatable your
hero's journey is matters a whole lot
like you you want to care why you're
going on the mission don't you think
there's fun characters that aren't
relatable like how well do you relate to
Wolverine how well do you relate to
Batman I feel angry sometimes I feel
like I want to call people but if you're
not relatable you have to be interested
right agree and as we've already
established link is not necessarily
interesting right right and so there
there's only so far that the basic
hero's journey can take you like yeah
you got to save the princess in the
kingdom like that that only lasts so
long and so for for Wind Waker link
giving you a personal connection to one
of the NPC's goes a long way this is the
ripple effects it's been a long long
time since I played this game god damn
it I paid them to fix that bridge feel
like I want to cuz sometimes right like
and you know keep in mind Wolverine was
never meant to be a leading character
and I still haven't seen Logan but you
know Wolverine was part of an us
ensemble cast you were supposed to
relates more to Cyclops and Jean Grey as
them straight narrow and Wolverine was
the bad boy and that's why he worked in
the team kind of waste a ferry so I can
carry around some spring water on that
blows
I'm sorry I am too where's the spring
all the way in Kakariko village oh oh
that guy man some water
cracker Ricky Kikuko cracker Rucker
Village you know and you know what I
like I remember liking Twilight Princess
fondly when I first played I fondled it
when I first played it I liked it but
the first third I'm not sure how much of
the game it is with wordy and almost
horse dog sections are terrible awful
yeah I'll admit to that right now the
section I'm at in the game I'm fine
you're running around I'm doing what I
want to the most part don't you know
what I even you know I played the the
Wii version I even really liked the the
motion combo
I enjoyed that so yeah I dug it wasn't
as bad as Skyward Sword that's why we
learned that one to one sword swimming
probably not the best idea despite what
everyone thought yeah was an old comic
Wolverine kind of crude unintelligible
Bruton modern Wolverine is a crude
unintelligible brew that's that's a
stick well like I said you know remember
he's part of an ensemble he represents
you know the it'd right he's a a giant
walking dick oh so uh
I do like yeah I like to look at home
look at that guy he looks cool
he looks neat clothes great great
where were we naira says got a
recommendation for you guys check out
the turbo button YouTube channel best
way to describe it would be the folding
ideas equivalent for video games very
in-depth and interesting that sounds
great I do I really like that uh I did
not need to let that cherry out of the
bottle apparently I know that's right
you have to you have to carry the barrel
I remember the side mission I remember
this
if I come that is rich playing with the
Wii U tablet correct yeah cuz I like the
motion aiming yeah but uh for anyone who
hasn't seen it go watch of folding ideas
he has a YouTube channel very good very
good movie B constructions he did this
amazing piece on Suicide Squad and just
all of the flaws and how obvious they
are he has an amazing video on Man of
Steel and and why it's just the worst
representation of even what it's trying
to be what it's trying to be is a
terrible representation of Superman and
it fails at that bad representation a
great he has a really fantastic channel
I'm very sorry
no you happy I found something that I
really don't want oh that was a good oh
my god that's a good thing oh that
reminds me rich I need a reminder I know
I know what game we're doing for the
next first four hours up yeah yes I'm
not gonna tell oh my god it's very
exciting I need to make a little like
schedule a little reminder for when
we're done playing for when we're done
playing
folding ideas is too damn Canadian for
its own good
yeah very Canadian very very Canadian
what are you gonna do about it nothing
great okay no it is not wandering souls
I will tell you that it is it's it's it
looks like a fascinating fascinating
game that we can we can get some mileage
out for our first four hours of no I've
seen a couple episodes of workaholics
and it wasn't necessarily my thing but
so I don't want to work out what is for
Oklahomans it's a tell it's a comedy
program it's a comedy program on Comedy
Central that involve it's it's centers
around three pot heads who work a very
basic nine-to-five office job that
sounds boring it
it relies pretty heavily on on pot humor
and now Karen your timing it's just
fantastic and I you know didn't didn't
much care for it but I'm not getting
good timing is amazing I did much care
for it Karen so that one rich yeah I'm
at work I can't we just started the
stream I can't talk I can't talk I'm
sorry okay your tongue I get tell
everyone you said hi
okay she says hi to everybody
hey hi Karen huh yeah yeah I'm all right
I love you fence a jeweler
okay sorry no hey she was gonna keep
calling if I didn't do anything I know
her I know she wouldn't she wouldn't she
wouldn't thank all riches at work right
well he can't talk oh why isn't he
answering the phone
Oh would you through it where's the
sitting down option you you were moving
when you press the set of time can I say
how much I enjoy Midna Shh I thought
everything in this game was terrible huh
I thought everything in this game was
terrible and boring that's not what I
said at all the wolf sections are boring
well yes they are no she's a great
character she's a great character I
really fell in love with Midna on my
first play effort yeah there's the
stuffed love bunny pilot Twilight
Princess so there's a lot of bad but I'm
saying there's some good - I just said I
really like to come back that's quick
cambia I'm talking more about people on
the channel
oh sure more than you well not like you
know if I remember correctly and it's
been a while since I've played this I
remember trying to replay it recently
like not recently within the past like a
year or so because like my kids were
just starting to get into games and they
saw they saw the cover and there was
like Oh a game with the wolf and I was
like oh yes as a wolf and they were
really interested in that and they got
so bored they like left the room and
then I got bored and I was like a
fucking dog section suck yes dog section
suck they were filler that this game
didn't need but if I remember correctly
it was this the game with the two hook
shots
yes shout that was great the two hook
shots were great but the was this also
the one with the gear spinner yep and
that sucked I was pointless needed more
spaces two more opportunities to use it
I don't know it was fun to use sure but
you only use it in that dungeon
basically like it shouldn't better an
item it should you two spend something
in that dungeon right right that
would've made it okay but I made a less
disappointing
it's the game with the war you know what
what maybe it doesn't need a little slot
that it has to rotate in maybe you can
just use it like a like a skateboard
just anywhere like on any wall sure but
you know what that's too much like
breath of the wild they weren't ready
for it yet right they weren't ready for
you oh fucking hell speaking of is
everyone's super is everyone super hyped
for the breath of the wild DLC
I think it's a bad I don't I get it all
the people that have been clamoring for
it I'm a climber and for rich it's gonna
break the game it's going to make the
game what I want it's gonna be sword
spam yep
I'm gonna love it okay so if you haven't
heard they announced what the new what
the DLC for breath of the wild is going
to be a ton of new outfits like new
treasures scattered around I love it
that they were just like there's going
to be a treasure box somewhere it's like
new fun but they have a trial of the
heroes presumably in where you find the
Master Sword I can only assume but they
have a trial of the heroes which is
basically like a combat gauntlet and if
you can get all the way through the
gauntlet which is about 45 waves of
enemies you can get an unbreakable
Master Sword if you can go through all
the way through the trial to your Master
Sword will no longer lose its magic and
that is worth it for me to get the deal
no don't throw well it's very finicky
about when you're stopped yeah god
tingle deal yes and the tingle outfit
I'm totally getting it I'm gonna get the
DLC I am going to take on the challenge
of the hero and that is what is going to
allow me to explore the rest of it I
hope it is so fucking comically hard
that you can't define her out I can't no
I don't think it'll make me shave harder
then what's the point of anything
breaking anymore yeah exactly to use the
Master Sword all the time what's the
point of having other weapons nuts the
point of exploring to find other what I
was do this it's gonna it's gonna ruin
the game because of the whiners not the
whiners Jack but here's the thing rich
it's your choice whether you want to use
it for me
it will mean no more bullshit weapon
breaking I no longer have to worry about
that I can still find neat weapons I
just won't use them I just want the
durability upped that's all that's all
they needed to do just up the durability
and you fix the problem you don't need
to break your the game that you uh it's
not confirmed that the master sword
becomes unbreakable it said specifically
the master sword won't lose its magic
the master sword is already unbreakable
but it loses its it loses its magic
which basically just says break so I'm
assuming that means the master sword
would be unbreakable oh if it's not I'm
writing an angry letter I am writing an
angry letter to Nintendo of America you
fucks anyway
that's what I'm looking for in the game
because there's been there's large areas
that I have not explored because I just
don't feel like why would you bother
exploring them anymore what are you
gonna find but you can still find you
got your master sword what the fuck you
gonna find you can find some neat stuff
that's not a weapon not everything is a
weapon who shot him right in the back
rich fucking me is running away I mean
he was running away that's true well Sam
I gonna shoot him
do you not have to do this at night are
they on me tonight is a equal amount of
enemies sure I'm gonna try this three
more times okay just being on is it's
gonna be three yeah I have not seen last
night's flash I'm not not caught up on
flash or I'm mostly caught up on agents
of shield now but I haven't seen last
night's flash and I know they finally
revealed who's Savitt are is and I also
have a new theory and hoose avatar is I
no longer think it's Kid Flash because
we saw we saw a little bit of them and I
think I know who Safdar is now I won't
say I won't spoil it for anyone who
hasn't seen you like me and I had one
like I haven't seen it yet but I have a
theory yeah I have a theory who it is
this dream has been up for like 20
minutes yeah we're here that's what
we're here for
we've been up for 20 minutes we're here
um I have a good idea who staff Atari is
now which we're gonna try just not
stopping I'm gonna get hit by that thing
of course
well he's circles you got it you got it
you got two oh my god he circles but he
doesn't hit oh well that'll make it a
lot easier well fuck fuck I also saw
that Oh bother the new the the DLC for
breath of the wild also will track your
movement for the past 200 hours so you
can see a little squiggly line of
exhalation been oh well that guy can't
hit for shit
oh you gotta dodge it move dodging move
so the other ones donut the other one
didn't hit me but that one done I don't
yeah I don't remember this terrible task
I remember this it's a sidequest I think
so I remember this I don't have to do
this right walk along the edge I will
try walking along the edge hmm not bad
idea
oh yeah and a new hard mode that's true
good for DLC right and outfits and all
sorts of fun unlike a lot of the others
oldest I don't have that many issues
with breadth of the wilds difficulty no
no I'm fine hard mode hard mode can't
take away the fact that you can carry
with you 200 healing items hard modes
not gonna erase that right so yeah yeah
I'm with you
what that game needs is more enemy types
that's the major thing I would change uh
yeah hey I'm with you I want our
knuckles I want dark nuts want fun
things to fight in my large expansive
game yeah yeah that'd be nice
ah let's see here air in two six one
eight says hey guys just Christ if
you've ever played this war is mine and
if so what do you think thanks big can
do you play this wars money no no you
there right sorry
I'm sorry
I have not pressed the work best of
Becca breath of the wild is too easy
it's not fun how do you feel about any
of the other Zelda games then since
since the 3d era began compared to every
other 3d Zelda game breath of the wild
is incredibly challenging like Wind
Waker oh god did you ever die and
winwaker can you die on waker ha ha ha
ha can you I have no idea this seems
like a good plan rich there's that bird
over there and that guy
those birds might be an issue but we'll
see we'll see how they feel about our
arrow in the face right
I know Aaron 261 and I figured out what
you were saying after a while but good
get away from it smart schmuck
Majora's Mask I've heard is pretty tough
maybe that's why like I don't remember
having fond memories of Majora's Mask is
a rich you've got this stayed close to
the edge
can't hear audio cues of the support
behind me I'm not gonna know until it's
like too late yeah don't press the throw
button I want to do that why would I why
would I have to throw it on him should I
should I try throwing it on him so I was
at what I should do I would not bridge I
would not
majora's mask is first and foremost
eight time management game right that's
probably why I don't
all right don't I don't remember liking
it Becky got played said rich did you
get my the case for Stargate email no
rich does not check the prereq email
account and by the way like I don't know
if this was a prompted by something but
you gave us a goddamn thesis on Stargate
I haven't showed this to rich it is a
ridiculous email making the case for why
Stargate is a good series to watch okay
here's what album gonna be real real
with you I skimmed it but that was too
much man that was just too much unless
that's something you wanted did you want
someone to send you an email has never
come up it okay and that's that's what I
figured that's why I did not send it on
to you but I'll be real with you Becky
got pipe did plate that was just no that
was just way too much of an email that
was a job I mean I appreciate your
enthusiasm for a science-fiction series
I want that email and you know what like
I remember really liking the Stargate
movie the what he gone
no you son of a bitch with a James
Spader Kurt Russell I thought rich would
appreciate the detail it is well
organized that's true Becky got piped
it's very well organized it's just a lot
it's just a lot and for someone who like
doesn't necessarily care about something
the more you write about it does not
equal the more will care about um so you
know I just kind of glanced Stargate
movies a fucking mess I just remember
enjoying it when I was little I remember
really liking it we didn't have a ton
you know of sci-fi back in the day so
like that I was fun little portal that
goes to you know the Egypt dimension
it's fine it's fine it was fine movie
yeah have that bone oh oh did you hug a
puppy yeah I didn't know you could hug a
pony I had puppies in this game yeah
yeah Oh his end is that a Nintendogs he
follows you now you get a little puppy
friend hey I remember like in Stargate
nothing wrong with our plate is target
gobbledygook have you guys seen Kimiko
on the switch it's a Japanese import
that's sort of like the original Zelda
pixelated twin stick sword and Sworcery
cute them up rave reviews in Japan only
on the switch hey yeah hey I've seen it
I haven't been terribly interested Ivan
see I've been really thinking about
getting um oh what's the what's the it
looks like hotline Miami but you're like
a teleporter have you seen this on the
suite what what it's cut it's called um
chats going to tell me in two seconds it
looks like hotline Miami but your
character teleports mr. shifty Thank You
Cameron Mitchell
mr. shifty have you seen that on the
Nintendo store it's like a top down I
haven't I haven't touched the switch
since I stopped playing breath of the
wild oh okay so fair enough fair enough
so it looks like hotline Miami it's top
down within your kind of in a building
and it's all about your character has
the ability that teleport and so it's
like a little twin sticky and and it's
supposed to be very interesting I'm
really thinking about it I'll tell you
I'm really thinking about it Becky got
played says I'm kind of shocked Jack
didn't forward rich that email and let
him decide whether or not to read it I
probably wouldn't have read it rich does
have access to the previously recorded
email he chooses not to I wouldn't know
how to I don't even check my own damn
email which is by the way the other
thing I've sent like rich important
emails text me well she's fickle to send
me in tags this is just for Becky got
plates okay I'm telling you I send
Richie important emails and like weeks
later hey Rick what about what about
like that important tax documentation
which is like what are you talking about
I emailed you that important times
information so even if I would have
forwarded to him he would detect it he
might have glanced at it I had to I made
an executive decision as a as the keeper
of the email next time you should send
your Stargate thesis to contact at red
letter media comm I'm making jokes about
me like you know like old old-school
rich get rich beeper
you don't realize I'm talking about
texting which is more recent than email
that's true that's true right hmm Jesus
Jesus you people you awful awful people
it's like you know and I
IIIi don't check my email like like I no
longer get a notification when I get an
email I've turned all that off I usually
only check my email like two three times
a day
I'm not I'm not a compulsive like you
know oh I got a new email I got to see
what it is now version but I got you I
check it people use it it's not like a
fax machine but uh oh yeah I'm looking
into that mr. shifty looks very
interesting looks like it looks like a
neat title let me tell you rich yeah I'm
I'm uh I'm not I'm not uh what he called
I'm not double backing on my criticisms
of the switch yeah with Mario Kart 8
okay but I very recently had an
incredibly positive experience with it
oh my god what happened if you remember
yeah very last dream I was like fuck the
switch and everything it has to be
because because one of the selling
points of the switch is bring it to your
friend's house and you automatically
have two controllers so you can play
Mario Kart right even though those tiny
ass controllers give you carpal tunnel
syndrome
yes that was my big complaint so I was
recently in a situation in which I had
my two boys yes we were out and I needed
to do some work for like a half an hour
I brought the switch with me set it down
on a table with the little kickstand
gave them each a controller they played
Mario Kart for that half hour silent as
the dead because Mario Kart also has
like you know Drive assist and
acceleration assist so I didn't even
have to help the little one yeah they
could do it all and it was gorgeous as a
distraction device for my children it
was
gorgeous they could both play at once I
didn't like he need to bring like a
million little electronic devices I'll
yeah you get the DES and you can have
the iPad I'll make sure I have the phone
up if you need the phone once it was one
to babysitter that's exactly what it was
chat and it worked like gangbusters so
it was just one of those situations like
oh that is really nice that it has two
controllers and it has multiplayer games
if only those controllers felt good to
use yeah so is one of those like I'm not
double backing on my criticism I'm
saying I get why they made this decision
and I think it's a good decision except
for the hardware you know like they made
a good decision in one aspect but they
didn't follow through with that decision
so there's just an option to have two
controllers without paying for a second
one I don't get the problem really well
the problem is the controllers feel
really bad is especially like playing
Mario Kart you know where there's a you
have to use the shoulder buttons a lot
you have to you know the the joystick is
so close to the buttons playing an
entire Grand Prix playing four races of
Mario Kart 8 hurts it feels terrible so
this is what I'm saying is the this idea
of always having two controllers with
you is a really good idea the problem is
those two controllers aren't functional
so then you have to bring more
controllers with you if you want to have
a decent gaming session not even a
decent gaming session what four races is
not a decent gaming section session
that's a great that's a that's a
distraction
well you could release a larger version
of the switch yeah
but then you know it's even less
portable really yep what do you do how
do you fix that
this is I'm saying I don't have the
answer okay
I am commenting on the thing that is
available to me now cuz they you know
they release updated versions of their
handhelds that's true that's true they
are they are always redesigned that shit
yeah
sometimes those redesigns are really
fucking nice which is a glorified hand
hill they might they might they might
redesign that shove it back out the
market that's true as possible well on
you know with the joy cons it's not even
like they need to redesign the whole
switch even if they just like had like
different joi con options right yeah
like they could just redesign the joy
cons slide them into the old ones and
boom problem solved now they feel good
you could make it fold like a DS how do
you handle that with a screen though and
then what do you doing on that other
section like if it's just one screen on
top what's down here that's wasted space
yeah unless you make a dual screen
theory some kind of flexible screen in
theory there are the flexible screen
technologies way sure sure yeah
Nintendo's not just trying to get the
last juice out of the new 3ds that they
can because they just announced the new
2d s their handheld market is strong the
the 2d s XL a giant 3d s without the 3d
capabilities that'll have amazing
battery life and an amazing back catalog
yeah the the switch is not a replacement
for the 3ds which is very strange that
now they have two handhelds on the
market then they also say that the Wii U
would have games on it I think I
remember yeah okay
can't can't trust everything they say
right the this game that rich is playing
right now is up he's playing on the wii
u this is Twilight Princess do you mean
with the lanyard thing attached is too
small yeah even with the little the
extenders for the for the R and L button
the the joy comes you know using one joy
con as a full controller if you have to
go and kiss and you know when you're
sliding because you know you got a power
slide in Mario Kart 8 that's the that's
the right trigger and then you have to
hold that down and you know you hold the
left one down is it's a it's a mess
it's a goddamn mess rich fladam ear the
Zelda that everyone hates is Skyward
Sword yes because it's boring yeah and
safe and it uses the the fucking Motion
Plus gimmick and so the combat sucks cuz
the sword-swinging sucks yeah
yeah do-do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do some
blue guy in chat says hey since you
brought up your favorite link who is
your favorite Zelda I'm not sure if Wind
Waker or ocarina counts since once it's
revealed that tetra slash Sheik are the
princess she loses all personality yes
but she's still the princess before I
don't know she goes back to being tetra
at the end I guess like Ted tetra is a
fun character and like you were
surprised she was the princess come on
I thought I was give me the sister oh
really yeah oh no like she can't be the
sister oh I thought I was gonna be the
sister oh why can't it be because
because you know generally Lincoln the
princess generally really rarely rarely
the last two were the only ones that
have done it always implies the Latin
always implied no it's not
well no it's not a little bit of this
always breath of the wild Zelda yeah
that way that was a departure and you
know it's boring a Skyward Sword is this
a game yeah I don't mind that Zelda okay
I don't know if I got that far yeah yeah
hmm my favorite Zelda aren't you
supposed to break what am I supposed to
do something to help him with this or
justly so I come back later you probably
have to come back later um you know what
I didn't play much of what is the one
more link is flat link between worlds
link between worlds I'd never got very
far on that fried for no particularly
love the hell out of that huh I thought
you were loving the hell out of that
that was fun but and that's why I'm
saying for like for no particular reason
I just haven't gotten very far
I have no proper explanation for why I
did not continue to play it
besides you know we were playing other
games at the time but
what lunch this is a big treasure yeah I
can't oh I can't get out he can't climb
over the little fence so I'll kick it
over there oh no this is breath of the
wild is uh is breathing down your neck
right now huh oh oh there's chest let me
just let me just climb what what oh oh
no
rich can you even climb over those
flower beds like look link that is a
step up you cannot take one goddamn step
up health wing Dannan is capturing the
princess oh no let me get over there oh
no oh no I'm trapped
oh wait wait turn around like look at
the those flower beds are no taller than
those stairs not by much not by much
seem to be able to go up the stairs just
fun just barely go over his knees right
like no is he gonna you can hop up
pretty easily
Jesus this is this is what we like about
breath of the wild yep artificial
barriers I'm gonna turn around and see
that thing is open
oh let's see here you know what I have
no proper answer for favorite Zelda I
might choose ocarina Zelda only because
I kind of figured cheek was Zelda and I
just like that I like that Zelda did
something is my that I'm not saying this
is a good answer I'm just saying she
fucking did something she became a ninja
great well it happens like before the
game started why'd he like breath of the
wild she does stuff yeah she's alright
brother the wild yeah yeah you didn't
play Skyward Sword she she does stuff
okay she's a victim of her own planning
in a past life but she did stuff okay
I'm not done yet
you might have to wait like a day or
night say maybe I didn't I didn't catch
what he had to say so sure I'll just
fuck now this is the word flower girl
what do you want out here or the bug
girl does she like bugs yeah she's like
bugs
she leaves a schlager for domain yes hey
that's great you know what she's doing
she's looking for bugs yeah that makes
sense yeah yeah oh that was just done I
mean yeah
Twilight Princess Zelda is born yeah
twelve princes Elvis Superboy well she's
she's kind of an on character because
the attentions old window right mid nose
midday yep if we're counting Midna as a
Zelda replacement then Midna all the way
I love me well that'd have been a better
reveal with Minda if she were Zelda if
she were the trooper she inherited the
power of Zelda and she filled Zelda's
role in the game i I mean that ending
was pretty strong for me where she's the
one shooting out the light arrows again
and at the end and not Zelda maybe
that's probably what they should have
done probably like and then you can
still have your bittersweet ending at
the end yeah cuz I do I do genuinely
love how this game and his story why's
that that broke my goddamn heart
my first time she reveals her true fog
just Midna later my I loved Midna oh I
can't go that way I can go this way so
if we're talking sell de analogs and be
mini Zelda's Michael a carry net or Kuro
knee
I might go or Corona fuck a little
closer
Manas need to I guess ya had the double
claw shot I can't get down there
gracefully ah yeah well we Zelda goes
crazy in spirit tracks yeah yeah like
she goes insane what do you mean what do
you mean by that now I'm curious I've
not played Spirit Tracks
well no it's it's Petra again get very
tracks no that's that's not tetra it's
the same art style but that's not the
same character that's like hundreds of
years later the one you're thinking of
is phantom I work that is the one thing
about you're right you're right that's
the one that takes places literally
seconds after windwaker yep yeah yeah
okay you're right I I apologize then and
I'm not maybe I don't remember that one
I place fear tracks
I played spirit tracks of course I think
that's gonna be that's gonna be a fun
thing for me is going back to all these
handhelds and just like because because
all of the handouts are very linear but
there are also very different games
they're not necessarily combat focused
you know it's more puzzle focused and so
there's a link between worlds linear I
thought they were going back to like I
guess link to the past somewhat linear
well and it's it's linear but they just
the the big difference in link between
worlds and remember I haven't gotten
very far
yeah is you get to choose which item
like items are no longer withheld from
you so you can take any item on any
but you kind of know what item is on
photo machine why are we playing this
game Krieger rich felt like it what
what's wrong with playing this game no
no they they were just wondering if
there was a specific purpose
oh no no just sense breath laughter
brother after I finished breath with a
while yeah you know what let me play
some of the other Zelda's that's my yeah
after this I plan on playing Wind Waker
oh yeah me too or or maybe link to the
past
oh go old school absolutely absolutely
I'm making my way through minish cap now
god damn it's an adorable game good
puzzles some good puzzles uh humberto
cabbage branches have either of you
watched anything from first we feast
highly recommended YouTube channel no
I've never even heard of first we feast
what's the spiciest food you've ever ate
wait you notice a jalapeno popper
because I hate spicy food
I enjoy mild jalapeno poppers okay mild
yeah I dig all sorts of spicy food but
like I don't have a specific dish just
like I'll put spicy shit on anything I
love it I have a very low tolerance for
spice sure sure sure
hey do you want you have you seen
binging with babish at all no it's a
it's another cooking YouTube channel and
he specializes in recreating dishes in
movies and television and so he'll take
you know for example he just recently
did a Homer's famous moon waffles if you
remember that episode of The Simpsons
where he made his waffles with liquid
smoke and wrapped it around a stick of
butter okay so you know he'll make
exactly how they made it on the show or
movie and then he'll try to improve upon
it so normal people can eat it so you
know you don't have to eat an entire
stick of butter that kind of thing
he made this amazing one from Archer
eggs
house and it looked to be the most
decadent to food of all time
eggs Milhouse eggs Milhouse I just got
disappointing yeah they're just kind of
runny scrambled eggs
oh it's not even done oh don't don't you
don't oh wait
it's a goddamn Oh put her in a bottle
where she belongs
how the hell is smoked a liquid smoke is
a different thing but God like you
almost got a traumatic brain injury
no huh that would be big more careful
about where you dive Oh rich uh Adam a
galley has a really important question
which is why hasn't your sword broken it
down oh because this game you just swing
the sword until things die you don't
have to think about combat that hard
that's why Wow think they could up the
MA the enemies in just about any Zelda
game they could be a bit more
challenging because they could be a bit
more challenge like you know I'm not I'm
not saying that the Wind Waker enemies
were challenging but I loved the combat
that old it got old that always made me
feel good felt like a gimme always made
felt like I'm good fuckin gimme as you
do that little roll around hit him in
the back Oh felt good that you know the
problem I think is the shield you could
play to defensively just never take any
fucking damage like I never gotta have a
shield I never used you I was rolled a
windbreaker had amazing dodging oh god
just the stick and move oh look at that
gay hey I like him
captain jerk blood-borne weapons do
break but they have so much health that
they last a very long time and of course
the big important factor is blood-borne
weapons have a number so you know
exactly how close to breaking it is
before it breaks so before you head out
on a mission you get to check your
numbers if your numbers are too low you
can fix it but the last a good while the
last say more than five six enemies
whoo-hoooo they had a question about
blood-borne weapon break oh yeah the old
gun
I've never even come close to having a
weapon break in blood-borne and they're
so cheap to repair exactly yeah and
there's a there's a there's a metric
like with blood-borne I'm not even sure
why they bother right right why bother
yeah I'm um with him
I'm with you hey guys
says RC MC me 84 for me Majora's Mask is
the best zelda ocarina is Fondamenta
motion controls ruined Skyward Sword and
Twilight is what ocarina should have
been and still don't have breath of the
lava
oh man like it's it's really hard to for
me going back to older Zelda games even
ones that I enjoyed it like I enjoyed
ocarina I tried playing that and I got
to this bullshit dungeon and I put it
down and I don't want to play it anymore
am I am I wrong for just simply hey the
only reason I haven't played majora is
cuz I just flat-out don't like a hero of
time kid link I know that it's that's a
weird complaint to me because of the
hardware limitations that there were its
supposed to be a very good game it's
supposed to be very good I never made it
past the first dungeon before I didn't
understand what was happening in the
moon crash wait I died but I put it away
they're fairly superficial reasons it's
a very superficial race yeah I know I
admit that I admit that oh okay well
there you go oh you can be a Gore on I
fucking hate the gore and they're so
lame and stupid the Goron's they're my
least favorite characters in zelda race
character whatever tribe fine nib dull
dull dull and stupid fine just that's
what they are they're big they're
Klingons they're big dumb instead
Klingons are dumb and stupid yeah but
yes but it's balanced its its tokine
right there they're the dwarfs and the
Zoras are the elves and like they're
fine and the quarks are the hobbitses
and the Zoras are interesting the Rideau
are interesting the Goron's
yeah now none of that interesting yeah
none of them are interesting they're
fine it's sure they're not well this is
all the guy they don't wash them out
that much
but no like that I know that that's the
stick later in Majora's Mask as you wear
different masks that turn you into
different people to give you different
powers for the different areas but
Amanda will juice
the best zelda race is that big electric
dragon in Skyward Sword shit game but
was sound
no I know like the Hillians are elves
but in my Tolkien parallel the Zora are
Alice and the elves of humans and the
fairies are the hobbits the Hillians
which is what they call them yeah until
you are saying are more analogous to
humans yes as compared to the Zora
with their with their wispy wispy way
and their fancy Zoras domain
architecture yeah sure and very that's
very uh their high quality super
craftsmanship and here's a Zora amethyst
yeah they're very much like elves I get
it I get a told they're very much like
tokine esq Elms yeah omid now adorable
all right Adam egg Elly says no message
Melek 47 says hey you rich hey Jack any
feelings on star trek discovery worried
it will finally kill the franchise
indifferent looking forward to it do you
have to have any more feelings on uh-oh
I don't because I don't know much about
it yeah I knows a lot of anxiety going
on about it I know this turmoil behind
the scenes oh no is there oh I'm sorry
yeah look I can't kill Star Trek because
I can still go back and watch old
episodes of the next generation right
and even if the series tanked
even if the series tanks Star Trek has
already had series that have tanked I'm
looking at you Bakula the probe is there
hasn't been a hit in a while that's the
problem
yeah the problem even though even the
good movie now apparently did not do
terribly well at the boxes maybe maybe
they've just maybe they've just mined it
all hmm you know maybe maybe maybe it's
not a terrible thing if you don't see it
again you know I don't know give it like
I don't know give it like a ten twenty
year break just give it a breather
it's kind of its kind of had that now
what was enterprise
oh yeah yeah shit well but they haven't
had a breather
because after enterprise they had deep
space after deep space they had voyage
or after voyage of an enterprise how
long's it been since enterprise and
after enterprise the headed Abrams it's
been at least 10 years at least not
discounting the Abrams movies because
it's not the same that's not the same as
a TV show sure it was successful though
so there has been not the latest one
well ok the first one Star Trek
Enterprise 2001 to 2005 ok so it's been
you know over a decade it's been over a
decade since had a series yeah yeah JJ's
verse doesn't count alright hey that's
fair that's fair
oh is that what I said that's what
okay sorry Ness is neset aid I I
misspoke because I said after Enterprise
they had ds9 after Deus nine eight
enterprise what I meant was after
next-gen the NTS 9 after that they had
Voyager after that date Enterprise I
misspoke and many apologies Jack have
your kids played Zelda no no actually
they have not played Zelda I mean you
know they they kind of farted around a
little bit in breath of the wild while I
was playing it recently while I was
flying the minish cap they walked around
and swung the sword and they thought it
was cute but they haven't had any real
time playing playing Zelda they're still
going through the Pokemon games super
hard just crushing Pokemon games left
and right so alright we'll move on we'll
move on to Zelda after that they play
Mario Kart but not breath of the well
yeah mark because Mario Kart is simple
and they like that and you know for
short bursts of time and that's
something that we can all do together
like the three of us can play Mario Kart
at the same time whereas if one person
is playing Zelda or one person is
playing Pokemon the other one
wait their turn and then it turns into a
thing no I'm not going to start my
children of doing so awakening how did
you start with Link's Awakening Ryan I
would probably like if I had to if I had
to start him somewhere why is this a
super difficult question what just pick
one
well I'm Trina I'm trying to figure the
right one like the balance of fun and
difficulty and also time where it's like
reading kids like they can't handle any
difficulty which is that's why they made
games that are too easy no I'm not
treating it what what I'm saying is like
I know how long I allow my children to
play video games which is not a very
long amount of time but I'm doing a ton
of TV time so something a game that I
know they can accomplish something
within 20-30 minutes you know so I
probably won't like give them breath of
the wild first maybe five windwaker good
wakers nice they get they can play the
same games that you play when you work
it that's what they kept like oh they
could sure but what if I wanted to play
better games they have the ability to
play the same game but they also have
more options right that's what's
important you probably right now run
blood-borne is a great place for them
soon they love watching me play
blood-borne
and I'd let him play too a little bit
they they had a great time they giggled
a lot let me to died but they loved
watching me play that game complete doom
hahaha they might like you yeah they
like they like playing overwatch I let
him play overwatch sometimes they think
it's funny take it they would probably
love doom all the monsters let them play
do yeah my kids like them you know the
problem I don't have two minutes what I
played it on the Xbox oh that was a
foolish mistake yeah I don't I don't
feel the need to play it anymore I'll be
honest with him and if I do I'll just
get it up easy is that before you built
your PC yeah okay that explains it that
explains it
it was it was like how are you right
before how did you stomach that I am
okay with shooters with controllers rich
cuz remember I didn't switch over until
I got my PC that's when I started
switching over to mouse controls but I
am okay with first-person shooters on
control I beat the whole game using a
controller it's not that bad once you
get used to it and I know you're not
used to it and I know this is a whole
big thing I don't know whatever I'm just
just to me it's like wow wow wow wow wow
yeah oh wow really around what age did
your kids want to start playing video
games for themselves um a few years ago
but you know like the the question is
not when they wanted to play them by
themselves the question is when they
could without asking for help because
you know like they would get they would
get frustrated a lot and then just want
to not play which is also fine so I find
them don't play but then they'd want to
play again and get frustrated and like
really not until we got minecraft for
Wii U that's when it really exploded for
them because that was a game that they
could handle really easily uh and so
that was a couple years ago I'm gonna
say I don't expect you to remember but
is there a way to change between day and
night in this game things that only show
up at night um yes there is is it a how
old that you learn but you don't learn
house you can only do them like in
certain spots oh that's right that was a
Wind Waker
yeah the songs
I want to say there is rich I don't
necessarily know the answer but I bet I
bet I think I think that's stupid I do
what that is not a way to switch back
and forth oh you got to stand around and
wait like an idiot the chat is saying
there is not a way to do it you have to
stay here you the chat is saying you
have to stand around like an idiot
well damn yeah damn chicken flavored
chicken you write controllers trigger
flavor fragrances controllers are all
about preference there is no right or
wrong just what's right for you and
that's true you know like a lot of you
know the argument for Mouse versus
controller is just precision and there
is no there's no preference there a
mouse is definitely more precise it's
faster and it's more precise but if you
are more comfortable playing with your
controller as I was there is nothing
wrong knock your socks off there's
nothing wrong with it right right
OOP
this isn't related to the current
conversation but last room you guys
spoke about pros and cons of PC versus
console
well now you can play PS now the
PlayStation streaming service on PC so
now you can play a good load of PS games
on PC legally without a console that's
true
Wow true Wow PS now though like I
haven't it's it's wonky because they're
basically like streaming the game to you
as as like Netflix and so you're kind of
playing the game off site that streams
it to you and so I've heard that it's
not always super lagless it's not always
precise
well that's true you know and I you know
what I still I still have my my
playstation 4 and still play it every
now and again yeah I've heard it too
lucky and has some issues but as
Internet gets faster that becomes less
efficient
Tartans head says have you guys seen
Conan's clueless gamer VR segment no I
have not seen the VR segment i did i did
i spends just eight minutes completely
bashing VR it's it's wonderful god bless
you Conan O'Brien he's great
god bless you Conan's great he don't
give no fucks
some blue guy in chat says also to
complete the Triforce what's your
favorite Ganon Twilight Princess Ganon I
think has the most personality and
backstory but Wind Waker Ganon is one of
my favorite villain deaths in the game
favorite Ganon the three best I'm not
gonna give you an order just yet I don't
know if I can okay uh ocarina oka
ocarina is that the actual proper way no
I can't even remember what said it right
first and then went back to Okada
ocarina its ocarina okay ochre enough
times Ganon yeah is really neat
went with the reveal when he comes up
and he's monster Ganon for the first
time he's swings his big swords they got
the lighting and he's got the glowing
eyes yeah that's pretty cool he's out
like he also has like an interesting you
know the the only mail from the Gerudo
village like yeah yeah yeah I I would
not mind seeing that version of Ganon
again in a game okay uh this game here I
like the duel with Ganondorf but I'm
fond of boss fights that are just
straight-up duels yeah yeah so I love
the way this game ends I like I'm with
you but Wind Waker does better with the
right with the the rain with the with
the fucking ocean crashing down on top
of you and then the music and the way he
dies Wind Waker all you know what all
three of those are fine choices right
yeah I can't I can't disagree with any
of them breath the whale god man kind of
weak man okay come on kind of weak come
on so one thing the entire fucking games
build it up to come on it kind of it
kind of makes you feel not so bad
fucking around all this time you get the
fight you get to fight a Cronenberg
monster that is not Ganon yeah and you
get to fight a giant pig that literally
does nothing oh god I just stands there
and it lets you shoot its weak spots
what a joke so fucking weak the ending
of that game what a joke all all of
those Ganon boss fights were a complete
disgrace um with you
so my favorite might be the water duel
in Wind Waker that's pretty good yeah
yeah it's it's tough because like I just
keep picking Wind Waker is my favorite
everything it's great it's a great
fucking really fucking great
right right mmm how can they have they
ever done like classic Pig Ganon in 3d
why haven't they done that why can't I
fight classic Pig Ganon I don't know
because it's not really scary I don't
know I don't know um would you guys say
that uh oh wait were you disappointed
with the lack of bosses and breath of
the wild no but the the the issue was
well both and I'm disappointed with the
lack of them yeah
but at the same time the ones we got
were horrible but it's like there were I
was expecting no bosses because the
bosses were there of your own choosing
the the the cyclopses yeah right the the
height or what do you call those the
Lionel's the line elves the rock
monsters the giant or whatever there was
calling up a big skeleton those were the
bosses yammer those could have been the
bosses because those were all optional
and I loved that I loved that you could
just run away or you could face face
your fears and you know then we get
those awful Ganon bosses in all of the
machines and it just it felt gross my
opinion is there could have been more
yes but the ones we had also could have
been good it's got the worst boss fights
in any of the Zelda's breath of the wild
yeah yeah it and it's the one area where
it falls a flatter than any other new
Zelda game and it's still probably the
bezel though because this is how
important exploration is to the series
exactly exactly
exactly all those bosses
don't run away I want to get on the
board profession candy for Krause is
Jack did you ever get my DC Universe
email if so did what did you think if
not looking over all so rich I think
you'd like the video series what the
fuck is wrong with you
it's very cynical okay
we're cheers yeah you know the master I
don't know I've never played it Richard
you ever play the Darksiders games no
you know they're supposed to be very
Zelda like yeah very 3ds oh really
I know I know next to nothing about them
okay that's and that's all I know about
them is that they're supposed to be very
much like the 3d Zelda's just set in the
different universe oh there was a game
that I kick-started I have the
kick-start a while back that's that's
supposed to be very much like Wind Waker
supposed to be very much like a Wind
Waker clone and of course like
everything kick-started is now like
pushed back the release dates and in
development hell and it's it's very much
emulating Link to the Past not the 3d
Zelda's but 3d Dot Heroes on the
PlayStation 3 by from software is very
much a Zelda game I remember yeah I
remember
you know I've always wanted to look into
Okami I never got around to playing that
when that was out I don't want to be a
dog that looks dangerous why don't like
the early part of Twilight Princess oh
we don't go out you know dog
well you kos sniffing fuck you I want to
hear it sniff my ass oh yeah yeah Oh dog
yep hear about this game is that I
kick-started and I'm just curious
I'm just curious over anything oh you
know what I don't care that much I don't
care that much Okami is directed by the
guy who did Bayonetta Devil May Cry and
beautiful Joe Oh beautiful Joe
my fifth hidden skill world R all right
nice to it rich do it mortal draw
murderer oh and candy for crows I don't
know if I got your DC I mean I probably
got your DC Universe email
I might have skimmed it like I do
sometimes when people send me emails uh
I tried that's that is a great line by
the way there is no defense for this
mortal draw there is no defense for this
oh okay the mortal draw deals death
that's a great line
alright combat this could have been
better it just nope no Daniel there you
go give me better give me better enemies
to fight I have all these moves and all
this health and I fight a little goblin
who dies in one hit and it takes half a
quarter yeah heart of health this game
needs more of the dark nuts that you do
get it to eventually it needs more dudes
you need more to do more interesting
things to fight yeah let's see here
Aaron two six one eight says either of
you two or any Arlen people looking
forward to alien covenant no why would I
be yeah for one I'm not you know I
recognize that the original alien is a
good movie but I'm not a horror guy
right my favorite one is aliens with the
one that's that action adventure venture
movie right right I mean again I prefer
alien because I do like oldies but
they're so far nothing that I've seen
has gotten me excited about alien
covenant so far it just kind of looks
like alien why would you be excited
about something that looks like a
straight-up fucking remake of alien
exactly I'm not calling it a remake it's
exact like so is it's a remake of alien
with
Oh with none of the atmosphere or
surprise because alien was a surprise to
everyone you know
yeah it just I I'm not saying that I
refuse to see it I'm just not
necessarily excited any other summer
films you excited about anything coming
out guy used to that's Friday I know
just cut and this week I'm right it's
coming out two days do we both think of
us coming out early I I think I said it
you just agreed with me last week
Wednesday I was like hey I'm going to
see Guardian no I was like looking for
something to do with Karen my guy Karen
you're out it's a weekend you know wish
you Guardians and we went to look at the
time oh that's that's next week oh so
then yeah it was both of us apparently
it came out like in Europe last week but
I'm really excited to see it seeing it
on Friday got my tickets already gonna
go go see you Friday afternoon it's
gonna be great uh boss is coming out
this summer
spider-man homecoming I'm in which I'm
not super excited about but I'm curious
to go see it I'm really curious about it
like aren't you it's it's the potential
of a good spider-man movie which we
haven't had in quite some time
I'd say ever I'm not that big I'm total
McGuire spider-man 2 is really good
spider oh yeah but she's I don't know
miss Peter Parker just feels like
something out of a 50 sitcom exactly
that's not Peter Parker to meet with it
it's the Peter Parker that they were
going for sure yeah obviously it was a
Peter Parker we're going they they were
trying to make a spider-man that closely
emulated the original Peter Parker and
spider-man which I think they did a very
good job of
yeah look at this spin around is great
the John will meet a senior heir of
spider-man maybe that was good no they
were going for classic dick oh no
classic dick oh isn't a g-g-golly
schmuck the the the first
yeah no the first the first few uh the
first couple of years that's what he was
he was a jig a leash MUC when dingo
stick owes Peter Parker was like a kid
on the verge of a nervous fucking
breakdown also a schmuck also well more
importantly also like a dumb kid oh you
pricks
Oh Sigourney wouldn't receive first
billing on a lien she wasn't that she
wasn't the name yet nobody knew who she
was first billing is about selling
tickets motherfucker let's see here what
I'm what a sleaze coming out this summer
something I'm excited about I'm sure but
I you know if they always came at me in
great numbers yeah this combat system
would be a lot better this isn't that
bad yeah this looks like a fun fight
spider-man threes underrated says the
Zaius it had its moments like when oh I
don't I don't despise it like looker
became an a-hole and starts dancing it
in the appropriate moment but I'm not
super attached to the Sam Remy tobey
maguire spider-man so spider-man 3 had a
lot of problems it would be harder for
that movie to really annoy me uh they
didn't get it right ha ha the the issue
is you can just clearly see where the
problems come from in spider-man 3 and
yes I know everyone likes to make fun of
emo spider-man but I think we've talked
about this before is that's exactly what
do feed Peter Parker would think is cool
that version of Peter Parker yes yes and
so like thematically emo that emo Peter
Parker emo symbiote Peter Parker makes a
lot of sense Peter Parker would think
that like jazz dancing and having an emo
haircut is the coolest the problem is
there's a lot there's the right there's
a lot wrong with it
there's too many enemies too many
convenient storylines weak resolutions
Sandman could have been a really neat
villain I also hate that they that they
retconned Uncle Ben's death and this guy
was involved too you know
yeah that's that's that was dumb that
was a dumb choice but like Sandman as a
villain is is an interesting villain
they own oh yeah it is I agreed it is a
mess beyond email Peter Parker there's a
lot wrong with spider-man 3 I I will do
what did I have to do I had to defend
spider-man 3 versus like versus
something else where it's like
spider-man 3 is a mess but it's not a
complete mess there are some aspects of
the film that are competent oh oh you
know what I was comparing it to the
Amazing Spider like if you compare
spider-man 3 to the amazing spider-man
spider-man 3 makes a lot more sense so
you know it's not the worst it's not
worse than amazing either the amazing
spider-man
anyway I don't know if I'm looking
forward to anyway yeah oh you know what
I'll tell you what I am looking forward
to defenders I made rich watch the
trailer before we start because I knew
we'd probably come up it I love that guy
look at it
super hyped about defenders that's not
until August
that's come on August vitamin defenders
of sweets hopefully they don't
concentrate too much on Iron Fist as
he's incredibly boring and hopefully
they don't let Jessica Jones into too
many action sequences because already in
one of the action sequences you can kind
of see her not doing well as her own
stunt double but uh oh that could be fun
it's a how bad is good man oh it's gonna
be fine yeah so Daredevil and Jessica
Jones I do believe outshine the other
two netflix heroes and so hopefully they
will be doing the heavy lifting acting
and story-wise and then we have Luke and
Iron Fist you know they're they can
handle some action stuff and then
that fight was terrible yeah what fight
laughs I yeah this game could have some
better fights move master I agree Luke
Cage sucked the the Luke Cage television
show was really bad the character of
Luke Cage was not terrible in Jessica
Jones and so I think as a supporting
character in the defenders he will be
fine left to his own devices his own
show was terrible
yeah the season provocation was
undoubtedly unquestionably
the worst the show really sucked
but like I said I I actually liked his
whole character thing in Jessica Jones
so the fact that he's gonna be able to
work off some other people again
including Jessica I'm looking forward to
that iron fist as far as I'm concerned
that actor who played him is a charisma
vacuum so he's gonna need all the help
you can get hopefully they just don't
let him talk that much oh oh it's not a
it's what how you feel I guess I've seen
it don't you don't have to yeah I know I
don't don't have to everyone tells me
it's awful why would I exactly like I
don't think that iron fist was as bad as
Luke Cage the the show in its entirety I
think his character was definitely worse
and hit the actor is
yeah wait Punisher is coming out in 2017
already know Jesus Christ not some look
forward to issue L unless the way we got
a lot we got a lot of 2017 ahead of us
that's not that's actually not shocking
I don't like that was a show they didn't
know existed that when season two was
happening right when season two a
daredevil yeah no you knew that they
knew that was happening no I thought I
thought that was a decision after season
two and after daredevil became pops
somebody was fuckin planning on that
happening yeah possibly when people are
talking about before the show comes out
Punisher gonna get a solo show it was
gonna happen I suppose yeah I know the
the defenders showrunner is the same
person who does daredevil so we know at
least there is some quality there is a
quality producer at the helm
yeah there's a lot of good in season 2
of daredevil I don't
the and I'd like this is going to be the
big issues for the defender is I thought
the weakest part of daredevil season 2
was was Elektra and the hand and of
course that's all Iron Fist is about is
the hand and now that's the big
defenders thing except we don't
necessarily know who Sigourney Weaver is
yet oh ok so you know we don't know if
she's an actress who's been in a lot of
movies that are staples of our childhood
you ask dumb questions Aang what you
expect we don't know that character
Sigourney Weaver is playing in the
defenders yet rich oh I've heard
murmurings word on the web is that she
is going to be Mephisto who who is the
devil and no finer choice no finer
choice the defenders fighting the devil
I don't know about that I don't know
about that man you got a lot of
street-level heroes you got a lot of
street-level heroes and they've they
might not be fighting you know they're
fighting the hand they're hot they're
fighting the hand and so there's just
saying that maybe she's in charge of the
hand we got a lot of street level the
devil just bored yeah you know I'm gonna
work these ninjas yeah a fucking devil
Mephisto is everywhere in the Marvel
Universe
it sounds like a Sherlock movie now
welcome to comic books oh look at lady's
cottage a bowman that was adorable
oh I'm gonna get you yeah I'm gonna get
you
look at this little good hey can we link
give me I'm gonna stab you in the shins
isn't that old Chinese woman in charge
of the handi sure but we don't know
who's in charge her one clever game so
and like I said that's just a rumor I
don't even know if that's true she could
just be some evil business lady
some random evil business lady but but
she probably has a some sort of cameo
you would assume right like some sort of
character from the Marvel Universe
what about cameo well I guess you don't
call that a cameo but I would assume
that she is she's probably somebody
she's some we have heard of in some
comic yeah why are people saying
Mephisto I'm not saying the connection
there say oh that Mephisto was the low
right had to deal with these swords Ben
buggy's Mephisto was was a was rumored a
long time ago from and some leaked or
some like script leaked or something
like that I forget what it was and then
it was announced that Sigourney Weaver
was cast who's you know a fairly big
name so I just think it was one of those
like oh yeah she's a big name she could
play it she could play a major villain
ah they don't like the light it's been a
bit a long time since I had played this
game and so I think the other the other
aspect to that is if they did ever want
to use Mephisto in the MCU in general
Sigourney Weaver would be able to do
that as well you know if she is
Mephisto and she's not necessarily
adorable skeleton why are they tiny I
don't as they leaning I looks hilarious
though coming don't they I don't
remember I don't remember so much about
this game that it's funny Thanks fuck
oh let's see here um Anonymous's hey
guys I'll have a degree in mechanical
engineering by this time next week Oh
aren't you mr. fancy-pants I was gonna
say congratulations but fucking coming
down here to brag hi son of a bitch that
sounds like a really difficult thing to
do I guess I'm okay with them bragging
about that I'm thinking of taking copies
of my diploma cap and gown to a shooting
range is there a funnier way to deface
them why would you want to do that this
sounds like a really big accomplishment
something you should be proud of you
could face their cap and gown if they
want I'm saying that's a plumber frame
it man let's let's see diploma that's
what you want to shoot you earned it I
I'd say if you could take it to a skeet
shooting range because like if you hit
some if you hit a your diploma with you
know some shotgun pellets then it's
gonna burst I'm just gonna move it use
any shooting range Lance Lance L Anna
ster says hey from Marinette Wisconsin
hello moog master 34 has a very
important question write tests yeah what
do you want favorite all-time ctrl key
word Mouse
that's not the question all time can be
answered controller range what
controller feels the best when you put
it in your fucking hands I'm not that
finicky about this long as it's well
constructed okay remind the PlayStation
DualShock I don't I don't mind the Xbox
pro controller that's a well-built fine
controller that controls fucking I'll
take a decent mouse over either now I
really I'm not that Finnish okay alright
I got I got 2 faves that that Xbox pro
like whatever called the elite
controller that whatever that
ridiculously expensive Xbox controller
that I have is one of the greatest
controllers I've ever put in my hands
yeah ever ever number two real easily is
the GameCube controller
I loved the shape of it the button
layout like the I didn't like that you
didn't the shoulder buttons oh no I
don't mind the groove but just that
that's separate Z button I am but you've
never used it it didn't matter you want
I want those four buttons on top just
for just you want you want to standard
you plug it in anywhere and use it for
any game the the thumb layout with the
one big button the smaller button and
then the two curvy buttons you never
liked it was so natural
everything about the GameCube controller
was so natural I loved it like I was I
was playing breath of the wild with the
the switch pro controller I wasn't I
really wish I could use my xbox one
instead it was fine I just okay
it's a controller yeah the switcher pro
controller has got an appropriate number
of buttons and sticks and I am fine with
it it known it is I'm and that's what I
was like in general like the Xbox
controller you know Xbox 360 Xbox one
controller would be my go-to those
things are great
the this that specific pro controller
though the the material it's made out of
the weights the the way you can
customize the triggers the bumper panels
everything about that pro controller is
fucking phenomenal I love it
but that GameCube controller especially
for those thumb button the thumb button
mapping of the GameCube controller is
where it's at and man back in the day
when we got when we got our hands on the
wave birds
remember those wave birds like the first
really nice wireless controller did not
have them it was it was not next level
gaming rich at the time I stuck here
yeah you're probably supposed to how I
don't know grip over I see that now
I didn't see that till I already started
jumping over just a little bit too late
Neal we and nunchuck was not a bad was
not a bad setup for most games like I
said that's how I played this game was
the was the nunchuck and man in the
window and I thought I worked out just
fine sheiva x51 says Sigourney Weaver in
defenders is most assuredly white tiger
going by her outfit and it also make
more sense
oh dude today oh god get out of there
get out of Linc you dickhead you seen
this to yourself Linc
okay I don't know I guess I don't know
too much about white tiger
I don't either yeah
Muldoon oh yeah we already talked about
alien covenant our radar our feelings
range from indifference to stronger
indifference I my feel my major feeling
is just sad it's come to this Ridley
Scott it's come to this
what what what pushed me from
indifference to almost not wanting to
see it is when Ridley Scott says I got
five more ready to go oh god right and
you go seam deep mud to see like really
poor with handling his finances that's
not a joke no legitimate question I
don't think it was that I just think
he's he's um he's going through like a
late career crisis where he's 80 it's
he's about to die yes he's going through
a late career crisis and and he's maybe
like he's thinking back he's remembering
the nostalgia creating these movies that
have shaped a generation and he hasn't
made anything that has done that
recently I want to get back there on a
get back to the way I used to make films
and uh you know what he just doesn't get
is we don't want that we just want to
watch alien just let us watch alien let
us watch Blade Runner you don't need to
make new ones
got it yeah I think that's what it is
mall right go like I just gotta I wanna
a little take a little taste of those
glory days you know I'm saying and seven
tricky we don't know the answer to that
question anonymous says hi Jack hi rich
hijack hi rich hijack hi rich hijack hi
rich hijack hi rich hijack hi rich
hijack hi rich hijack hi rich hijack
hi rich hijack hi rich hijack hi rich
hello
great
great ah oh fuck that up
rich no I didn't know looking out with
how much affordable damage that did oh
no I lost 3/4 of a heart Jesus Christ
game what are you even giving me heart
containers if I don't need more than one
I could play it without picking them up
and then you cut out a large chunk of
the exploration yeah the fuck should
have started in Hero Mode oh you know I
just quick play through the games what I
was thinking right right I should have
started in Hero Mode my goods a double
damage from how easy this is that's true
for private magician the game true the
GameCube controller if you remember do
you remember how their shoulder buttons
worked with a soft press and a hard
press yeah that was great yeah that was
great that was before we had that you
can do that in a lot of different
controllers well now but at the time you
could the questions which is our
favorite now right which would you want
to which would you want to use for a
game is how I take that till the
motherfucking GameCube controllers a
great controller and if it's anything
where I may make a gun the answer is a
keyboard mouse right of course of course
rich
hey tired sad wants to know how
super-pumped we are that today is the
first official day that the Aquaman
movie is in production here in some
crickets great ah
when does Wonder Woman come out is that
August 2 you know Jim oh wait no it's
June 2nd
oh is it June June 2nd specifically and
I know for a reason I'm not going to
talk about oh ok
Internet I'm very curious about Wonder
Woman the you know the first DC movie
without Zack Snyder helming at least you
know he's behind the scenes but he's not
helming so curious very curious every
one second oh ok well yeah so that's
something like again let a much like
spider-man it's I'm not like excited to
see it but I'm very curious like what
are they gonna do what are you gonna do
Jack I'm sure we are all curious about
wonder one aren't you like like I said
if if Wonder Woman is even a halfway
decent movie even if it's just mediocre
and it still does well at the box office
that can start giving Warner Brothers
excuses to remove Zack Snyder from their
properties which you know for anyone who
doesn't like him it's very exciting
morbid curate morbidly curious
absolutely that's exactly
uh-huh farted hey guys I was thinking
about past video game systems and forgot
that Guitar Hero used to be a thing
besides the current VR what do you think
is the next gimmick ie Virtual Boy
love the stream of Vinh VR other than VR
what's the next gimmick I'm not sure I'm
not sure if I knew what the next gimmick
was I'd be making it in cashing in on it
true dad
true dad well I'm trying to think of
like a trend that we're seeing or that
we're starting to see now and I can't
even I hope the next trend is gameplay
that would be nice
that would be how fun is this game gonna
be rather than we hired 50 voice actors
and the 78 cutscenes you know what but
we got we got doom
we got breath of the wild we hired a
team of Academy award-winning
screenwriters your game what game the
wet oh shit
a platformer here's what I'll say about
that
Guitar Hero guitar hero is without
question one of the most immersive games
ever played like I know you're not a big
liked music game fan or rhythm game fan
but I will hold guitar hero up as one of
the greatest games as far as immersion
is involved because you like of course
you know you're just hitting the buttons
that correspond with the colors to time
you are following the rhythm but
eventually you get into a good enough
flow where because of the guitar because
of how you're playing because of your
standing it actually feels like you are
causing the notes to be played that
would be why these games were highly
popular I fucking love Guitar Hero I
love it and it feels so good I would
love to do an entire episode on guitar
hero but we never cook because like the
footage we would you like all the
footage would have to be silent I have
no rhythm
I'm a terrible and rich has no rhythm so
there wouldn't be anyone good to to talk
to but I I really really have a great
deal of fond memories for Guitar Hero
it's that we can't I don't even know if
we can stream guitar hero could we
stream that with all the songs I I don't
know I don't know that would be a
terrible question does anybody stream
guitar hero if nobody does then you know
you can't well and the other thing is we
probably shouldn't because like there's
no way we could even like there's no way
you could talk while playing guitar here
the hard guitar here
if I can't die I can't tell you that
get a copy of guitar freaks arcade game
not a real song okay
a guitar here a stream without the audio
would make a good joke dream that's true
I could like put headphones on we could
mute the game audio and like I'll just
put the guitar right up next to the
microphone so all you hear is the click
that'd be great that'd be great
but I you know and I I played a little
bit of a rock band after you know after
Guitar Hero they made rock band which
was you know the whole band you could
play the bass the drums you could sing
and that didn't that that felt like you
could start to feel the bloat but but
those original like though I want to say
those first two guitar heroes oh those
were something special those are
something goddamn special that was one
of those things you know like we talked
about we talked about like VR and how
Best Buy was removing like hundreds of
VR tester areas because it wasn't
helping sell any VR units
I mean people who tried it didn't want
it people who try to go okay oh this is
neat but what's the point what can I do
with this right here I remember back in
the day there was a line to test out
Guitar Hero at Best Buy
it was so popular people just would wait
in line inside Best Buy to play guitar
hero we're gonna push VR VR because they
want the new gimmick but they're just
not there right well they don't there's
no there's no app you don't have the
thing that makes it necessary yet you
don't you don't have what you need to
make it worth it you don't touch touch
and movement yeah yeah I can put a thing
on my head and look around can I
actually feel something in my hand no
right if I push will well if I push a
wall where my hands stop do I want to
pay $700 to be a ghost in a virtual
world who cannot feel anything and and I
and I can only move on rails and yeah
yeah
so so but I guess that was my point like
a lot of pic16f877a CH the moment you
realize the next generation data is one
side lore is the other representing the
science versus myth data versus lore to
get it hey hey cool cool
that's neat yeah you know what that is
neat do you believe data or do you
believe more oh that's fun you know what
I would never put that together Lloyd
beats congratulations I believe Dana
over myth yet well yes of course but I
think that was just them hammering home
the point yeah I ate it you know fact
versus story data versus lore that's
that's clever that's clever too clever
for me to get it but damn clever Laura
there's a character they did a lot of
good things with
mmm and they got that one episode you
know what else do you need descent
descent which one was that that was the
lame Borg one where he took over the
Borg and yeah oh it really drove home
how inherently creepy data is when one
just just they give emotion and and and
he turns into a homicidal may
who's gonna kill his best friends yeah
that's dateable emotion
yay TV shows used to be clever know
there's still clever TV shows are great
there's great TV shows the Fargo there's
Fargo man what it's talking about
apparently the handmaiden tales really
good I haven't seen it but Mike Mike
tweeted something recently there's like
a list of rotten tomato tomato scores of
like the movies that were in the
theaters now vs. Rotten Tomatoes scores
over shows that were on TV right now
Oh a whole lot of rotten vs. a whole lot
of fresh I would absolutely believe yeah
there's a lot there's a lot of fine TV
out right now fine TV I know I'm gonna
lose a quarter heart 3/4 of a heart huh
oh no yeah you do I don't have to I
don't have to be afraid at all of these
things
handmade stamina and whatever whatever
it is I hear really great things that
lady from madmen is it

[Part II]
alright Anonymous's I never heard the
word ocarina until later in adulthood
when nerds talked about zelda ocarina
sounds like Macarena from that popular
90s song hey Macarena octo rocks is
hilarious though okay okay
the zaiah says he here's a tip for more
Zelda in Spirit Tracks Zelda starts to
lose it when she realizes some dude is
trying to possess her body it's fun to
watch
oh yeah that's right that's right do I
have to play this game
spirit rock yes it's fun well it's
feared rags are phantom our expert rack
spirit racks is gonna go well with the
possession yeah it's fun I might still
have it
I might not but I might have it lying
around oh no I don't I don't have that
anymore but you would need a regular DS
I think I'm pretty sure I have one yeah
I don't I've never trade in any of my
systems oh okay but you might like it
it's good like it's like I said with the
3ds doesn't play dsk yeah the 3ds does
not play dsk it plays 3ds
ghost rats I forgot about them
it's it's very linear sure but it's fun
it works on three dias whoa whoa whoa
whoa you can play DS games on the 3ds is
that that's prices you yes only well
like I still have my old ps2 so I guess
I've just never tried yeah
but yes I'm very surprised apparently
Jack is stupid no I just never tried
this I can't pry that I can't pry the
3ds away from Karen
little little animal crossing animal
crossing oh shit oh sorry little I'm in
a lot oh god I'm so sorry man it's fine
this is a game changer this is a game
changer for me literally literally a
game changer I'm so sorry I had no idea
the cartridges are different for the 3ds
everyone so I guess I just assumed I
assumed and I'm so you know what that
makes that makes an ass out of the UN me
so
they have internet on computers now him
so I yeah I apologize for the
misinformation this was this was a
tragic mistake
but like you said you have to play it on
that regular - yes anyway but yeah
Spirit Tracks is a fine game did you
play did you play Phantom Hourglass it
oh no didn't I was a fine game to a lot
of the a lot of the Zelda I handle you
know they're very simple they're simple
it's a lot more puzzles than combat
which is nice I've played the only the
only handheld Zelda I've played is I
played a little bit of okar in uh yeah
that's not a handle it's on the 3d yet
that's yeah but that I mean it's on the
handheld but that's not a handle that
one and the links awakening Leah oh okay
sure old school the old school
typically don't have panty line they ask
that's that was Karen's yes you're not a
hand helper yeah typically it's you know
what it's been a while since I've given
Link's Awakening a try I remember play
you know trying to play it back in the
day and not having a terribly good time
but maybe with everyone everyone's
recommending that they're saying that's
the good one
I love the Oracle games I played both
Oracle games and I'm actually replaying
them or I'm going to replay them after I
replay minish cap just because I do
really enjoy the Oracle of season and
Oracle of Ages
those were fun games
that's a weird that's that might be a
hard question to answer
agent riot rich but think back in time
they're asking about the first game we
ever played probably pong pong pac-man
be somewhere in that era
well not quite pong is a little bit
before pac-man but the first we had out
we had a pong machine yeah in her home
nice for that reason it could have been
pong and you know what for me it's the
exact same thing at my grandma's house
and at the time my grandma lived next
door yeah
become you know farm ah she actually had
pong three so you could play pong three
ways it was right oh okay okay it was
regular pone and it was the other one
was it was a whole line with with a
space missing and you had to get the
ball in the hole yeah so it was like
reversed pong and then the other one was
pong versus versus a computer one of the
controllers
a I plan yeah so pong three rich it was
intense
so my the very first video game I ever
played was pong three Jack I'm so happy
for you
well I'm just we both played the first
game of the same first game I'm trying
to think back to like like the first
game I can really like remember getting
into it's like a kick in the nuts every
time I find one of these Oh Midna stamp
yeah they added these in the HD version
stamfa fuck you too yeah what was it
like growing up on a farm but I don't
for me it was far me like we didn't have
animals like well into like teenage
years we got rid of the animals when I
was pretty young but when there were
animals there you fucking take the eggs
out of the chicken house you milk the
cows you know you do the shit we had a
giant corn field behind our house which
was awesome only because I think I've
talked about this on screen before we
used to play corn tag which was us
literally running into the cornfield
that night and trying to whip ears of
corn at each other and it was painful
and terrible and so we all spread out in
the cornfield rip off an ear ear of corn
and just chuck it in the general
direction we thought someone was and
then you listen for it to hit someone or
the ground and then you just run and
Chuck corn I'm so glad I didn't drop her
fucking a farm
yeah I mean you know what we didn't have
a lot of movies in the house we didn't
have video games we didn't have we
didn't have a lot to do and so you go
out in the field you chuck corn at each
other but also like behind the house
there was like a really great creek and
woods and I like very different than my
life now where you know I'm a city
person now but like we spent all day
walking around in the woods and playing
in the creek and doing chores and stuff
like that so it was actually a really
fantastic childhood and looking back on
it now you know like my my kids who have
both grown up in the city have no like
if they when we go to the park they
freak out about like touching grass to
their bare legs they're like what is
that nature fucking you like if they
brush up against a tree they're they're
traumatized so that's a little strange
but all right so I need to raise this
someone habits stay up what is a quick a
quick is a small stream imagine a river
but about this wide it's a very tiny
it's like a stream Creek I know it's
called a creek we called it a creek and
that's just how I said it so that's how
I'm gonna say so my god did Jack grow up
in Mark Twain's childhood book now like
I mean like we we had a TV we just
didn't watch much of it we had a couple
movies but you know my my grandma and
grandpa were neighbors two hours two
hours and we had a neighbor across the
street and then the closest neighbor
besides those two was a 10-minute walk
down the street like there there was no
one there was fucking no one around us
it was a half hour drive to the grocery
store so you know like they're just
there just wasn't a lot to do so we went
exploring alone oh my god what's like
trying to figure this what's going on
with this puzzle uh stuff okay you can
do it yep okay yeah across the strip we
go to the creek settle down once y'all
call it a creek
huh what'd you call it a creek what's
wrong with calling it a creek I could
because I've always called it a creek
and so I said Creek like I didn't think
twice about calling it a creek I'm sure
it was not pronounced correctly fucking
Hicks you disgust me
did we have Oh we had dogs no we had
dogs we had at any given time we
probably had two or three dogs at the
height of cats I want to say we had 15
at the height of cats at the height of
cats we had 15 cats but like in general
they were like more than five cats but
they're all outdoor cats you know like
and they were like they were work cats
they you know humped the mice and keep
them away from the other animals and so
I was like dude I don't listen I my my
my country ways are slipping into my
vocabulary Crick
oh you folksy country FOMA uh you know
what they that's what they call me rich
salt of the earth
like you have to get back out right this
can't be over yeah
when rich is telling Jack his
pronunciation is wrong you know it's
wrong that's true right thanks Jack
bought some cinnamon just programmed
exclamation point corn to pass time on
the farm Jack would go out and chuck
corn for fun so keep that in mind next
time you wonder why he enjoys a terrible
game
thanks cinnamon the guy at Jack the guy
yeah there there wasn't a lot to do
there was not a lot to do on the farm oh
wait I think I have her oh yeah that's
why they give me bombs no shit no shit
rich look so you know wait and play in
the cornfield I have a monster in this
be a challenge would you Nintendo nope
this is ham to be a fuckin walk in the
park yep yep it does Oh shucks anyway
we'll move on from the farm we'll move
on and you know like from the farm we
move you can stay on the farm as long as
you want Jack right I'm trying to think
of like I'm trying to think of anything
of note happened on the farm and it
really didn't because after a while you
know the animals were gone and but like
there's still like a giant empty barn
and silo to play in at my grandparents
house they had a golf cart
can you not combo items in the dungeon
for some arbitrary reason combo items
you can mix the mixed normally you can
mix the bombs with the arrows and get
exploding arrows oh sure that's great
out now for I don't know why oh I have
no idea why I guess I guess you can't do
it whilst right here what yes Jan I did
wish for hero mode earlier I had
forgotten I I intended this to be a
quick run through the game and I had
forgotten exactly how easy this game is
yeah that's on me yes I get it I get it
coffee for mana yeah sometimes I miss
the farm like right now my kids are
getting old enough and they're getting
citified enough where it's really
important to me to take them camping
it's very important for me to get them
out in nature more and get them to a
place where like hey guess what maybe we
can't order food tonight because there's
no food to order you know I'm also
incredibly spoiled by the city knowing
that I can just walk around the corner
and get eight different kinds of
delicious food is beautiful Oh tiny
skeletons how sad
what are they supposed to be skeletons I
have no idea but they're adorable they
are they're they're just too cute nope
not that one I didn't fuckin walk here
that's been done Domino's please deliver
to camp fire right well so like you know
my I missed the farm in like I liked
knowing that something different was out
there I don't miss the farm in that I
can actually do stuff at night like we
moved from the farm to like the
outskirts of the suburbs and then into
the suburbs and even once we were into
the suburbs like as a teenager there was
nothing to do you know there there was
no places for me to go and I found
myself incredibly bored all the time and
I don't think like my children will
never be bored because in the city there
is always something to do
there's always activities there's always
places to go so if I had to choose like
now I well I get to choose because I'm
an adult then I can choose where I want
and I would choose the city every time
because the city has more stuff
I cheated when I went camping we sat in
the car with the a/c when it got too hot
and buggy Oh terrible sorry Jen it's
terrible it's a travesty yeah I'm
actually I'm planning I'm planning a
pretty intense road trip this summer
because my boys are finally opening yeah
and it will be it'll be about a week and
a half of all driving and camping going
up to Canada yeah and I'm going to take
the boys and we're not gonna stay at any
hotels we're gonna drive till we hit
they're gonna bring so many batteries
they're good we're gonna need a lot of
USB chargers I'll tell you what but it's
just gonna be driving and camping all
for a week and a half going up to Canada
and back and I'm super excited about it
because I love road trips and I do enjoy
camping in general but I mean for them
especially for the road trips it's like
okay so we'll bring the DS will bring
three DS we'll probably bring a switch
bring the iPads
just bring some DVDs
get a solar and get a solar charger well
we'll be in the car for most of the time
so we can charge it in the car
Lisa and the kids are going to leave in
the forest no Lisa Lisa is not coming
Lisa doesn't care for camping so it will
also be a vacation for her because I'll
take the children away for a week and a
half so he's very excited about that dis
dat said mrs. Jack come up through Fargo
I can recommend all the best restaurants
PS there are none must have missed one
oh this little area yeah Lisa's the
smart I I told her I had this dumb idea
and she and she said oh that sounds nice
very patronizing way well in a very like
she was testing the water like she wants
to be supportive but she also doesn't
want to go okay that's nice and I was
like yeah I think I can leave work for
that long well that's exactly and and I
said well is oh don't worry like you
don't have to come this is just
something I want to do like or if you
want like you know I'll just do all the
driving and you can work from the roads
oh I might have seen it to do something
oh okay well then you know you can just
stay home oh yeah that's probably for
the best
right like that's right off I'm really
good idea uh and so yeah and I'm fine
with it I'm fine with that invite
collagen I'm going to a different part
of Canada I'm not going to Kalinin Jim's
part of the Canada Canada is pretty big
Canada is fucking giant I'm not going to
the city Canada I'm going to the country
Canada
well we fish we probably won't fish I've
never been super big into fishing I
really enjoy sitting in a boat and
drinking beer I enjoy that part of
fishing but I've never cared about
actually catching a fish and so then for
me I could just sit anywhere and drink
beer I don't need to be in a boat
yes captain epoch understatement is
Canada is pretty big
Canada is fucking giant but I'm gonna
I'm gonna go I'm out I'm going out west
near Calgary and I say near Calgary it's
hours away from Calgary but that's just
the closest big city that some people
might know we're here we're going very
far away it's gonna be great it's gonna
be great my kids are probably gonna hate
it come day - like day one's gonna be
all fun oh yeah we get to drive in the
car we get to camp away we have to drive
in the car camp again wait we have to do
this the whole fucking trip yep yep it's
gonna be a very unpopular dad that'll be
great it'll be fucking great what did I
miss
were smarter you gotta find another
ghost yeah
alright we got ya sorry Jen says what do
you guys think of the new details for
the first sell 2 DLC pack tingle outfit
is the stuff of nightmares I guess the
sword trial would be kind of interesting
still waiting on DLC 2 news like I said
I am the new outfits the new treasures
are gonna be fun for me I still haven't
found all of the old treasures I haven't
done a lot of exploring only because I
got I like I didn't care about exploring
and fighting anymore because the weapons
were so frustrating to me it was it
super was rich that was a big deal to me
so I'm most excited about this trial
pack if it does indeed turn the master
sword unbreakable I think I might break
the game because it's balanced around
breakable weapons right part of the
incentive for exploring as you might
find the neat weapon
yep that Aggies a mess inside max's side
bet son yep yep that's all I care about
so it's gonna ruin the game I think it's
gonna ruin the game for you it'll work
sure me it'll be bored tears after you
get that master serve it wasn't real
walking around enough feel great out
being adventurer that's what I want to
do it'll be great
so I'm really excited about that outfits
I don't necessarily care about but uh
that there were some there was some
really cool armor and so what last thing
I had to do was a dog
oh I don't think it's unbreakable I just
think it makes it permanently 60 what
does that mean permanently 60 60 damage
okay now that's 29 unless it's magical
and glowing then it's 60 which I
definitely don't want that
this is overpowered then no no and it's
only magical and glowing if you have
full heart sir if you're no if you're
fighting Ganon or a boss or one of the
robot things right well there but one is
glowing there they're saying that that
when it's not glowing it's still the 60
game oh oh that with maybe with this
normally right in the game it just 29
when it's not going that's what they're
telling me is that the trials if you
defeat the trials it doesn't turn it
unbreakable it just makes it more
powerful all the time it would be then
it would just be oh it would still be
overpowered nobody then it would break
and stuff oh yeah but still break
whatever five you're you're full of your
nuts after three and you're a crazy man
no that is not medicine Jack that is so
not true anyway it breaks way too fast
that is so if you're using it against
tougher enemies why are you using it
against tougher enemies does 29 damaged
and well no shit it's only lashing you
three if that is the case I will have to
look into this then I will not be
purchasing the DLC I I want a weapon
that doesn't break that's what I want I
hated the breaking weapons
oh thanks Pam Bob apparently we are dumb
no we are the type owed but apparently
we're approximately 5,000 views away
from 1 million twitch views oh that's
great but in any case that's what I'm
hoping for is a weapon that doesn't
break even if it's a weaker weapon
that's what I was if it's a weaker
weapon that's the only thing that would
potentially balance it right the the
master storage 28:29 that's still too
powerful powerful for an unbreakable
weapon I will look into this more I will
look into this more the blue prism last
week rich recommended thief of gold to
me I played the first two missions on
expert and my favorite part so far is in
the mines where the spooky skeleton
throws its head at you uh thanks rich
from Drew no problem no problem yes
there's a spooky skeleton in one level
there's a head of you just one but they
like in the game they liked it yeah like
that spooky spell skeleton hijack says
death metal six ones eggs curious if you
ever checked out any comics by Jonathan
Hickman it's one of my favorite comic
writers he doesn't I'm amazing I'm
fantastic for a series I never thought I
would like know what else is dumb I'm
really bad with names if I have a really
hard time remembering people's names
even people's names who I like I will
look into this hold on
gun a fan Hickman Jonathan Hickman
Fantastic Four shield yeah you know what
I don't think I haven't read any of his
comics no I don't believe I have so and
yeah Fantastic Four is not necessarily
like you said it's not necessarily
something I care about so I never would
seek that out my shield secret warriors
no I haven't seen I haven't read any of
those books death metal six one six last
stream you guys suggested I play the
other Arkham games other than night
loving it so far well great yeah the
Arkham games fun though wasn't good
because Knight is the bad one
haha the Ayatollah of rock n Rolla says
love the stream rich yes I saw Star Trek
the motion picture when I was very young
yeah I was so confused by the character
of lieutenant Lee oh yeah were why were
Deltans sworn to celibacy could sex with
them kill humans was Decker immuned no I
think this is more to do with crazy
religious beliefs
alright that was that was what my
interpretation I would trust your
interpretation of Star Trek the motion
picture some blue guy in chat now I just
want to keep asking guys Zelda questions
now for which is Zelda game has the best
obviously not breath of the wild I think
the rest even the mobile have good
dungeons
that's seem to me that would be really
difficult because like they all Zelda
games in general blur together in my
head real easily and all of the mobile
games have that same that a very similar
like top-down perspective and it's just
there's a blur of dungeons it's been a
while it's been a while since I've
played some of them yeah so I guess it's
hard to compare when I'm so rusty and I
might not remember right precisely how
amazing some of the dungeons were you
know I am with you I do know this coming
up actually I don't mind this dungeon
right here but the sky dungeon in this I
forget what they call it where you get
the double hook shot oh yeah that's some
fun stuff that was great yeah I remember
fucking loving that with the Wiimote and
you know cuz he oh that was great times
I remember liking the dungeons in Wind
Waker sure uh how do you compare let's
see how do you compare the 3d dungeons
with some of the classic 2d ones you
know right it wasn't good combat in
those like 30 things on screen at once
and you're concentrating on dodging and
attacking all of the combat in the 3d
ones is just it's so blah I think you
have it backwards I think the combat and
the 2d ones are blah pollute sweep sweep
sweep sweep plate
yeah but the amount of things you're
fighting and you're while you're dodging
fireballs that are coming at you
sometimes I guess it depends on the game
combat and this is just you thwack it
with the sword that falls over you get
all these great moves and it's a shame
there's nothing interesting to hit with
them yeah yeah I mean yeah I mean here I
mean the original Selma's they weren't
about the ridge of the original Zelda
was not about the puzzles that's true it
was more about thing of the combat clear
you clear the room and then the door
opens right right this maybe they every
now and then there's one hidden switch
or something but in general clear the
room get a key let's clear the room the
door opens you know that's really true
you didn't need the item in the dungeon
to get through to get through the
dungeon right the items just help to
combat wise right yeah yeah that's a
good take rich
that's good take I mean I got a key rest
when I didn't need to key you do I
search everything room did I that's
where I came from enough time to the top
all right we're going back down like I'd
really like puzzle wise
nothing sticks out spectacular their
dungeon wise dungeon or puzzle wise
nothing sticks out spectacularly in my
head as I and so I do remember loving
both of the oracle games oracle of
season our behaviour hmm and so I'm sure
that had something to do with it I
remember minish cap having some
fantastic puzzles you know because you
had that whole size manipulation thing
in minish cap and so I remember some
really fantastic puzzles in those but
they all blur together
right tired says said I didn't care
about alien covenant covenant but
actively began to dislike it after
Ridley Scott discussed how he convinced
Fox to cancel Blomkamp's alien 5 for his
next batch yeah alien films but well
there's no guarantee that Blomkamp's
aliens sequel aliens to would have been
any good there's no guarantee that's the
thing tired and sad is we've talked
about this Blomkamp does not have a
great track record just because he is a
fan of aliens doesn't mean he will make
a good aliens movie and and they were
already wishy-washy on giving him that
franchise anyway so that doesn't mean
anything
alright so that's not the solution it's
gotta be a hook-shot thing in here right
go to dog is there anything you can
learn while being a dog no dogs are
stupid well
sure should lose half of what you know
what oh yeah you just need to make it to
that second
that over feel rich
we didn't even have a script yet
I'm sure chappy being shit and bombing
didn't help oh yeah yeah yeah and what
it wasn't gonna happen right so that
that's the real thing don't be mad don't
be mad at Ridley Scott for just making a
studio making a good decision whether
they give it to Ridley Scott or not
Blomkamp wasn't gonna make that movie
bad gamer Korean says I watched to split
yesterday and decided to watch another M
night film that's been on my list today
unbreakable
man that unbreakable is a fine movie
could have used more Sam Jackson
charisma though unbreakable is a fine
movie it's a real it's a it's a very
good movie that unbreakable rash I know
I'm very excited to see split
not only because I hear it's a good
movie but also it will shut Jay out
we've been telling you to cease play for
too long but apparently like if you're
on an M night kick what was that other
one the grandparents look up his other
movie JJ said it wasn't bad the movie
where the kids go to live with their
grandparents and there's something's not
right
from talking about this I'm presuming
you've seen success yeah I just stole
those best movie unbreakable is pretty
good it's fine
unbreakable is awful says unit 603 idiot
only one act of an origin story that's
the fucking point it's that's what makes
it interesting that's what gives it its
character it's slow its deliberate well
it it leaves you wanting more right I've
never seen sixth sense says Adam Farias
pedy that's great only signs which is
pretty funny no and it probably hurts
cuz you probably know the the twist
everyone knows - everyone knows except
at this point right that would take away
a lot of it yes so it's great
West Coast year you what which one is
the visit oh is that the one with the
grandparents the visit the visit mm-hmm
I think that oh I remember him I
remember him that creepy dude if that's
what it's called I J says very good
things about the visit if you just saw
split and enjoying it
is it by the way you see looking links
face yeah the first time you find him
it's like yeah what the fuck is this
look at that thing you're right look it
by the way do you see is like weird tits
I've always hated that did you see that
it has it had like boobies with nipples
everyone on chat saw that that wasn't
just me things got weird tits hey guys
this is according to Robin you might
remember me announcing my book deal many
months ago I wanted to thank you again
your streams have been helping me
de-stress during the terrifying process
of launching it well congratulations
you're welcome camcording - Robin we
wish you the best of luck can you guys
talk about the buffett please I was
great rich won't talk about it because
he probably won't see it because he's
not big into horror movies but I can
tell you that it is fantastic builds
atmosphere like no movie I've seen in
recent history great characters great
acting especially from the children
actors the child actors and just
believable interesting salt-of-the-earth
characters and great the the pace of the
movie is something that stands out over
over anything else where they start you
with a shocker and then they stretch out
the entire movie you're just waiting for
this other shoe to drop and it gets
closer and closer and they tease you
with it it's it's just brilliant these
bugs don't even kill you
they probably slow you then yeah so then
like you know you don't want to crown
you when you were fighting the other two
guys sure sure oh that yeah that's what
Jay said the lead girl in the village is
the lead actress and split I need to see
split I know I need to see split but the
vova CH is is uh you know I was gonna
try and run through the sand but if I
could look Oh Porter heart Oh have my
half sorry Oh whole hard yeah the
fucking bomb took our hat jeez fuck you
man why I so should have started with
hero mode Tigger blue does the shoe
actually drop go just go see it go see
it I don't want I'm trying to give you
my thoughts on the Vova CH without
spoiling any of it it's just creepy
atmosphere and beautiful visuals and
wonderful acting you know me Jack should
I see it live Levitch I don't think it's
your kind of thing okay
I don't you just like I know you don't
like horror movies like I know you're
just a fan of filmmaking but if you are
the type of person that might have found
Blade Runner to be boring yeah and I
know Jay is in the same boat but he's
also a horror person so you know that
okay okay you might find it a little
boring because it's all atmosphere it's
fucking good atmosphere but I also
really like horror and the horror
elements were very nice
rich isn't scared of the horror movies
he just doesn't care for them
yeah was the witch even a scary movie
it's creepy it's like hanging in a
pillow
why would you make that wall kind of
high right but not really right
wait colonel rich what are you talking
about your your message what did you say
Colonel rich mustard where I miss I must
have missed something
remember Colonel rich mustard if you add
previously recorded underscore live it
shows up in bright red for us so it's
easier for us if you're talking to us if
you at previously recorded us
within the first 15 minutes it drops the
nightmare fuel the witch it does it does
it it drops it drops some horrifying
visuals it drops some big-time events
and then you spend the rest of the movie
writhing in agony it's great suta
vintage colonel rich rusted eagle
egoraptor zelda sequel itis have you
watched yeah kind of agree with it
mark Browns of game makers toolkit
series on all the Zelda games
it's called boss keys he goes quite in
depth with the dungeon design and that
and someone someone sent me like another
Zelda retrospective or someone went
through all of the console Zelda games
all the 3d console Zelda games and sad
I'm killing these bugs by damaging
myself just why not spin can you do the
spin move on them I'll just knock them
away I think it kills you if they're on
you kills them if they're on you right
try spinning
oh yeah they spawn infinitely as I said
I think the respondent the label
spinning that's a good trick
thank you someone sent me a series and
it was it was a quite in-depth look at
all of the 3d Zelda games and they were
they were long and incredibly in-depth I
thought and that might be the ones
you're talking about Colonel rich
mustard if you tweeted them at me maybe
I don't necessarily remember what
they're called I made it through a
little bit of their ocarina and their
Twilight Princess one but I couldn't get
all the way through because I thought it
was really boring it was very in-depth
but wrong them being in there it uh it
was also very meandering like it didn't
feel like it had a point these these
Zelda retrospectives I've done one heart
of damage so ah
how will we save Hyrule I guess you
won't I guess he just won't man
so yeah that was my love my thing about
you if that was the one you sent me I
forget what it was did he have us yes he
had a Scottish accent
he had a Scottish accent that's what I
remember
I'm not saying they were bad they were
they were incredibly in-depth but I just
didn't it didn't it didn't feel like he
was going anywhere with it he was almost
just listing all of the things that
happened and he wasn't saying if they
were good or bad or why they were good
bet he was just he just seemed to be
listing things that happened in the
games
I don't remember somebody watch they
were all the videos like an hour or so
long yeah about each of the three DS
elders yeah we're pretty good camera
video Scottish accent I don't think so
okay then they might've been I'm sure
though I'm sure everyone does one right
I remember this being a nice fight oh
there's a matt mitosis videos he goes
really in-depth to a fault
he said learn how to edit his stuff that
I that's what I'm that's what I'm
thinking or or at least at least have a
point yeah or yeah or edit stuff down
like there was just a lot of redundancy
in what he was saying but
you guys have another film in the works
are taking a break in focusing on
YouTube for now that's that's a question
for Mike and Jake
rewind shocks as well just figured out
who sabotaged this appointed I think I
think I haven't figured out I'll
probably watch that tomorrow remember
having you - this - the dog
maybe don't they're gonna do rich are
you gonna do few versus Irish oh sorry
he had an accent that might be him I
don't know if that's him or not someone
tweeted a link to his videos whoever
this person is and like I said he might
have been Irish or Scottish sure he was
sunny with something I don't I didn't
much care for him not saying they're bad
just not my thing just just a little boy
just you know what they were they were
just dry they were just a little too dry
for me need a little meal awesome here
all right
anonymous as rich you've talked about
how you liked Jedi Knight Dark Horse's -
yep would you consider playing it on the
channel yes what it runs on when they
did it I did once
oh well then they go nothing I will do
it again
okay let's see here taco salad Tuesday
says Jack I need more farm animal
information what were the names of the
15 cats and miscellaneous dogs did any
of the chickens or cows have names no
you you never named the chickens or the
cows or the pigs because you eat them
later that's rude to be character design
that's rule number one by the way
that's rule number one never name the
animal so you're going to eat the cats
all had names and at one point I knew
all of their names but that point is not
right now we lost most of them to a
really rough bout of feline leukemia I
want to say at you know at the height of
cats it was 15 and then and then feline
leukemia spread through almost all of my
I think except for two so for two and so
yeah we lot we lost a good chunk of
kittens and full-grown cats to feline
leukemia
EPIK Jason x9 I did see your email of
Mark Hamill addressing his concerns with
the new Star Wars I did not share it
with rich I said in early doesn't care
about Star Wars letter Mark Hamill say
and by the way I thought that video was
kind of bullshit basically it was a
bunch of snip bits of Mark Hamill
questioning decisions from the new Star
Wars movies what decisions a little
stuff like um like well like first he he
wasn't sure whether he was gonna be in
them in the movies Jenny yeah like he
didn't know if he wanted to but then
like it's just that snippet of it you
know and obviously he did he was in the
movie so then that snippet is moved
because he was in the movies and then
and then he was saying like he didn't
like his involvement in episode waters a
lot basically it was taking a bunch of
portions of sentences from a million
different interviews and stringing them
together as if Mark Hamill is or doesn't
like the new movies yeah I didn't find
to be a very convincing video
Bob
the leukemia is a virus that is
contagious but not super contagious why
is it called Oh Helia that's just what
it's called feline leukemia I don't know
that is so dumb it's yeah do weird
things so yeah we lost most of them to a
bout of that
so yeah every Jason I saw that I had and
I didn't think it was very convincing
mostly because like it doesn't matter
because he's still in them you know like
he still did the movies so obviously
he's not against it enough to not be in
the movies so when I played Tess
oh yeah usually tennis when they're up
in here right oh you know what I can I
can remember one of the dogs name at one
point we had a lovely German Shepherd
whose name was Yogi and at the same time
we had a Great Dane named baby okay so
that's what I can tell you so that those
are some of the dogs names pass the
cheats Jack are you the one in the rlm
group who plays the most video games no
I think rich probably gets more hours
yeah you give kids yeah I guess that
probably is a huge crimp on video games
I got shit to do I gotta I gotta edit
the videos I gotta edit the video game
videos which takes up which takes up a
lot of time so rich probably gets the
most hours in yes
almost certainly
it's called feline leukemia virus
because it's a virus that causes blood
cancer you a virus that causes blood
cancer in cats Jesus oh that sounds like
a fucking nightmare oh it was rich I'm
telling you we lost 13 cats like within
days of each other Wow yeah oh yeah and
like sure they were outdoor cats but you
know they were still our cats
you know uh nope nope you're gonna die
like oh yeah epic gem I have not played
Mario Kart 200cc yet they added another
level of Mario Kart oh my god I know you
care but I haven't played it yet
I I haven't been ready for you I've been
warming up get up get up get up
no I'm in the wrong spot I think it
200cc looks crazy but I just haven't got
around to it
Terry this is such a neat item it's a
shame it never gets used that's the
thing like do you I'm trying to even
remember if you use it at all outside of
this dungeon there's a few spots in the
overworld where you can find a hard
container
look nope nope mean that again and run
button again that again I don't remember
200 cc on the Wii U Adam a gely unless
it was a later DLC package which I might
not have got I might have stopped
playing it at that point
200 CCS you have to use brakes it's too
fast for the tracks see that's gonna
that's that's a whole new Mario Kart
level that's exciting
look bullshit
break turning vital got my first silver
trophy okay yeah I'm excited to give it
a try
I'm excited to give it a go
did you see my DC Universe email I don't
remember if I saw that candy of crows
let's see here mr. Chen says there was a
free update a few days ago that includes
different languages oh that's right to
breath of the wild I did happen to
rewatch all of the memories in Japanese
with subtitles like an anime experience
ah
notice the if the tones felt different
MC Lucas says I feel your pain rich my
biggest problem with Twilight Princess
is the shit damage that enemies do I
miss the darknet enemies walloping you
for three hearts per hit there's nothing
like that at Twilight Princess yeah yeah
well is anything coming by the way like
other turf and hey guys
rich lester balls you got your hat yeah
that's right look at that hat it looks
like it fits I hope you like it
lots of love from Hartford Connecticut
what would you guys say has been your
favorite rlm project to work on and why
best of the worst that has fun hanging
out your friends and make a jokes you
know it really is I I think I would have
a very different answer if I had to edit
best of the worst cuz I can only imagine
that being a giant yummy
but fortunately I don't have to worry
about any of that this is where I came
in yeah I think that's a repayment but
as someone who just gets to hang out for
a day watch movies and make dumb jokes
it's great dad oh yeah fuck you Janet
fuck you you naysaying son of a bitch I
hit the wrong button now I'm dead hey
Jack I do like some x-men comics I just
finished reading Days of Future past
wondered what other storylines you'd
recommend Days of Future past is like
two comics that's not even a storyline
trying to think of some interesting ones
for you to read I don't even I'm not the
bait like me you know my wife is a
bigger x-men fan you know you might want
to start catching up on the Phoenix saga
rumor is that's what they're going with
the next x-men movie but that's a lot of
space stuff how do you feel about space
stuff Phoenix saga has a lot of space
stuff
um
they had a they had decent made a decent
arc in oh Jesus that's emotion they had
a really fun arc in ultimate x-men that
was kind of that was kind of similar to
it was the camp that they were taken to
in the original ice room IRA it does
that a fun run in an ultimate x-men
where they turned the x-men into
unwilling mercenaries then I thought was
a really neat art that's it look and
that's it
I don't remember specifically what it
was called but it was you know there's a
lot of fun in that ultimate x-men space
stuff like Star Trek no Marvel space
stuff which is all like gods and boopity
boopity stuff down there and it's all
mega punch
hey Jack I just want to say I like your
okra shirt that's a nice color
Thanks there's a really good one green a
blue it's great screen a blue
a pair we talked about that I think it's
a reference to the Pokemon stream come
back and come back when you grow up
Aaron Berger the the rifle oh sure
because III curb-stomped him by hitting
a repeatedly repeatedly I remember
repeatedly mega per day and that's a lot
of leg a punched that motherfucker up
cosmic shit like Galactus kind of like
half of the DC stuff yeah
the Phoenix have uh they were they were
meeting up with the starjammers and
there was a cosmic force that inhabited
gene or so he was a halt that that's a
whole shit and Phoenix saga what about
the scrolls
that's Marvel space stuff maybe the
shapeshifter yeah hard to keep track of
Alice yeah that was some shit luck there
yeah there I think there's some good
squirrel stuff of course like that led
to a million zillion different retcons
afterwards that led to a lot of comic
book bullshitter II this character that
died oh no well that turned out that
that was just a scroll alone let's be
fair the scrolls have been around since
the 60s oh I know I know they did that
secret invasion thing oh that's what I
was thinking of The Secret Invasion led
to a ton of uh this person was a Skrull
the whole time I'm just saying there's
Marvel space stuff that does not involve
Dee Dee's yeah yeah
what the fuck
yeah I get good fuck you
there was no way through there ah this
is some horseshit yeah it looks like it
that was me that was bad yeah
analysis rich just to clarify I was
referring to the 1997 dark forces game
not Jedi Knight Jedi Outcast which came
out in 2000
yeah i've streamed Jedi Outcast no but
they're talking about dark force oh not
today you never get a proper source part
of that it would be nice and if somebody
got most way done with one once and then
just gave up oh yeah oh I'm sorry no
money no money in that a high return Jax
is anonymous oh no found footage films
seem to get very bad rap but some of my
favourite horror films are found footage
films have you ever seen Grave
Encounters I don't know I also have not
you know it nice
the the problem the problem found
footage films is you know after those
first couple you kind of lose the gag
the one one of the the greatest things
about the Blair Witch Project was there
was that there was that looming is this
or isn't this real right
you could you could suspend your
disbelief because people are stupid but
yes no no even and even for those of us
who knew that it obviously was fake
there was a suspension of disbelief that
was plausible but the more that come out
the less plausible that suspension of
disbelief is so in general I don't I
just don't do fine I don't care for
found footage films anymore
some blue guy and chances last to sell
the question for the night if you had to
create a setting end or premise for the
Nexus Elda game what would it be I think
that joke idea for a cyberpunk setting
actually has some potential hmm I don't
know about that I'm about cyberpunk
Zelda I'll wait just give a laser sword
man I'm fine give a laser sword uh I
think you know one of one of the fun
things that could easily happen as far
as a breath of the wild expansion pack
is a either hundred years ago section
before the robots went crazy do what you
just did add more enemy types and more
dungeons there that's all you need is
but is there a setting you would you
would care for it maybe some larger ship
no Hyrule hey Zelda game yeah that's
what it is man I want I want Zelda in
New York I want to it's not a Zelda game
I don't know what that is I want I want
Crocodile Dundee
I want him crawling around buildings
what the fuck man I want I want him uh
uh I want him like having to go go to
hot dog vendors to get through the titty
that's Grand Theft Auto which you want
is Grand Theft Auto I want a mod for
Grand Theft Auto to make him look like
Zelda well you can't have a gun
what the fuck you I'm clearly choking
people a yearly uh Ken lab ocinski says
sup how do you feel about any story set
in space automatically being labeled
science fiction even when it definitely
isn't like Star Wars why don't people
understand what sci-fi is anymore yeah
yeah like a little prince you know
that's not sci-fi a little boy that
lives on like a planet size of a large
house oh sure okay jumps around from
comedy jumps out uses a comet to get
from little tiny spheroid you know maybe
events like a fantastical French
children's story oh okay yeah I don't
know it doesn't necessarily bother me
sci-fi versus versus fantasy exit except
for when expectations get in the way uh
with that perfect game boom right
perfect boom yeah it liked me to me it
doesn't
super matter
it's all fiction you know it's all
fiction
honestly I want another straight up and
get the Triforce and kicking Ganondorf
yeah pass game yeah you know I think
it's they could do they could do breath
of the wild a little bit better they got
the open world right yeah they need
dungeons they need enemies probably some
better towns where you go and and then
uh well you know it would be kind of me
is a breath of the wild but instead of
going to the to the four beasts or
whatever is before you can fight Ganon
or something that would make fighting
again and easier you need to find all 20
pieces of the Triforce sure sure but
then they just don't tell you where they
are and it's like and it's like an
actual event Oh like oh shit and like
you know maybe some NPCs or cryptic kids
yeah and then but there's just like 20
shards somewhere in this fucking world
go not and they're in there they're not
necessarily in any of the temples or
anything like that and some of them
maybe are that'd be neat the last one
hmm it's it's it's it's actually the
triangle on the jewelry at the NPC you
first talked to in the game was wearing
Jack Oh believe it or not I already had
this thought nice which is already
written a letter to Nintendo saying I
got this I got this but of course it
just like breath of the wild now you
could fight Ganon without him but maybe
like it just it makes you stronger
your sword sure some shit like that
right you got a better ending maybe Oh
so yeah that'd be neat that Benny and
that would definitely that would
definitely you know really force you to
hunt all around yep got a check under
every fucking nook and cranny like you
find one just under a rock like a kuru
like what I don't I don't know that I
would be that I'd I would want some hint
to all of them
oh no of course you'd get a hint of them
but I'm what I'm saying is like they're
not all in treasure chests no no you so
like
one gives you a hint that it's in this
field or whatever but then just in this
field it's under a rock like a like a
goddamn basic kook seed that'd be great
so the prize for winning the horse race
win is kind of a rack we found and and
they give you a choice will either give
you a hundred rupees or you can have
this rock but they don't show you the
rock first so then you have to know to
choose the rock
yeah that'd be great that Evan no fuck
that hello
there you go
yep
we try to feel about pinball associative
on a bigger part of this game yeah
we're now we are not done with this
device after this oh god yeah
so comically done like I think there's
like one place on the outside that you
can use it to get a heart container
there's like a few but it's just like
for a heart container make sure
how can someone with no muscles move
magic duh duh magic he got stabbed in
the head with a magic sword
how about if we have a link fall from a
great height and land on a waterslide
seat it safely that would be fun I could
be part of the game ah almost that it's
more useless though I don't even
remember the rock dominion rod
make statues move oh no you use that
right now you don't they setting this
one I don't wanna I don't remember it I
might be thinking of wind away you might
be here I think so they had like a
telepathy thing hope and then yep yeah
did can you get back on it or you need
to be here
is anything even trying to kill me I
don't think why is this game so easy but
I lose I better kill Eurovision sorting
in there to get in the way of your
spinner the big thing isn't trying to
kill me oh he did that oh wow I don't
know I hit the wrong button that's
what's going on rigid and you are trying
to kill you yeah I'm doing more damage
to myself than the enemies are hahaha
jack is always thinking winwaker i
fucking love winwaker i can't one wakers
great winwaker is a great game and wind
waker also has the thing where you can
control statute so that's enough and i
think that's a major part of a dungeon
it's like you have to control Stanton
still haven't taken any damage though
that's true and she's not taking any
damage
best Zelda soundtrack
probably this one yeah this one or
saddle scammer towards kind of sort of
orchestral one right maybe this is good
to this one had it this one has great
that's probably like that's probably a
definite thing that this one has over
wind wakers is great I mean windbreaker
has okay music but this has should take
the whole arm rlm fruits will finally
needy at night Mike is dungeon master
the problem is you know none of us
really know how to play like us right
but no the rest no so it probably a
really like frustrating night we had a
farm how do I do this
the
Oh
okay so they come up and block you works
right I can't jump off okay
oh that does everyone
get there get there you did it
you did hey rich you're the hero
you're the hero of time you did it that
one's dead in the hero of Twilight Jack
oh I'm sorry I'm sorry you tickle them
to death red did it it's actually not
over yet Oh mango anonymous says best
the next generation line besides the
obvious shut up Wesley not sure I ever
thought I was the uncodable resistance
is futile that's right right right there
that right there's a classic line
correction that that's blown it's blow
import that's an important line just so
people remember
tea Earl Grey hot perfect yeah okay got
that that's probably that it has to
engage yep
make it so shut up Worf you're a dummy
everyone
oh no Tasha
classic line keep it in your pants
counselor Troi damn it becomes electric
keep it in your pants blows their mom's
name again
Oh God Lux Lux Ana look sana calm your
case
Oh sorrow to shower mock and Jalad at
Tanagra
look I'm fighting a thing it's not the
best time believe me think of this shit
you're all doing very well by the way
yeah they know they know what you know
it's up I got it
seven of organized as rich and Jack what
are your favorite most use armor sets in
breath boy
it's my light armor set because you know
links only thing is this look man
Sally's got oh man no I love that hood
she's too slow shit I love that the
Hylian armor with the little shoulder
plate the the hood and and you know the
the healing pants just the regular khaki
pants that hood is so fucking bad-ass
can I say I'm not at all fond of the
champions tunic look like the the
advertisement look for Lincoln breadth
of the well said blue shirt yeah it's
kind of what suck he's a 90s teenager
going on spring break yeah with the pony
table yeah I'm with you I love that hood
that hood is so he has a cape it's
badass
what's the hoods nice I'm so down with
the hood
I don't mind the actual Knights armor
yeah I'm not a big I'm not a big armor
fan Knights armor fan so if I can find
it
I'll probably get the single thing just
for ridiculousness sake continuing the
zelda questions the searchin what is
your favorite fairy design fairy design
lttp our fairies are pretty the bottled
fairies in Twilight Princess are pretty
we know jack likes the giant drag queen
fair he's a breath of the wild those
fairies are delicious I might have to
give it to the Japan track with fairies
those fairies were fucking fabulous and
you loved them too not just me everyone
loves those fairies fabulous fairies
like I don't know I don't know if that
like properly replaces my my confusion
and strange sense of joy at seeing those
uh those great fairies from from Ocarina
as a young man as a young man rich
seeing those fairies I was very confused
but interested
No yeah no they were very strangely
proportioned whatevs whatevs
I don't mind the glowing ball look you
stood on the fairies glowing ball with
wings yeah yeah yeah those are fine
ocarina but that's the thing about the
ocarina fairies they're slightly scary
too like what the hell is wrong with
them they're crazy because they're so
fucking ugly Rose everything in that
game looks like crap right they were
their giant triangle boobs
they were so weird I love them a
Nintendo 64 was the Atari 2600 of the 3d
era whoa rich hi we gotta call him yep
hey guys we got to call it let's take a
moment and call it now that rich has
defeated the monster rich I want to say
you lost like a whole heart hospital
same thing this gave us hero mode which
doubles the damage so it's still too
fucking easy right ah right I have to go
Google some stuff
she called on the account of relay
station one rich no no the PlayStation
one had far better textures oh then the
n64 everything on the n64 look blurry it
was garbage and I'm if I like the n64
and I will defend the ensign yeah poor
but it looked like garbage
100% Honda the games are great I still
will defend a lot of the games well you
know game I don't hear about much
doesn't get enough love garbage what
Diddy Kong Racing on the n64 you combine
market you combine Mario 64 with Mario
Kart is essentially what that game is
you never would did he call racing I
thought I was just a racing game it's a
racing game with like a Mario 64
exploration aspect really yes are you
driving around the world in your go-kart
I didn't know Diddy Kong races is great
you know and here's the thing here's why
I never picked it up
because I just assumed it was a Mario
Kart alone no you mean like there's
nurse there's there's a lot of
regulation sure sure
but racetrack - racetrack you find you
walk around worlds unlock the racetracks
really yeah maybe we should play Diddy
Kong right I'm fine with that I got my
insider for I'm gonna find a copy of
Diddy Kong Racing Diddy calm gonna you
know what I'll check on eBay right now
deeds long as we're here talking about
it did it oh no yes you fight bosses and
Diddy Kong Racing Lots this is a real
thing yes that game does not get
anywhere near enough love I work for
taking Mario Kart and just doing
something I interesting it doesn't get
loved because everyone just thought it
was a racing game nobody's played it oh
shit yeah eight bucks diddy kong racing
don't buy it on ebay LOL why not I don't
know I'm just reading what they're
saying why wouldn't you buy it on eBay
something somebody has already started
sending it to us poor ignorant jack
what is eBay not a good thing anymore I
don't know I use eBay all the time
I think they're calling you're gonna for
not knowing about Diddy Kong Racing oh
okay that makes more sense yeah that
makes way more sense
I'm checking prices hold on I'm checking
prices that eight buck one seems it
seems like the the right deal set a buy
it now
yes there are also plane races and did
he car oh I knew that
yeah and I that's what I just figured it
was like it was just like oh it's just a
racing game oh they got planes and
Donkey Kong characters this seems like a
downgrade it seemed like a downgrade
from Mario Kart no no
but apparently oh no I'm excited rich
I'm really excited Oh free shipping
there we go that one's better and that's
a buy it now and oh wait I just bought
it now great Diddy Kong Racing Rich
right on its way
sure sure that's good gum I'm actually
super excited about that is wait is the
open world stuff like multiplayer as
well or I have no idea I've never tried
them out Larry so if not who gives us
that's fine but who gives a fuck great
great okay hey why don't we take some
time why don't we take some time and
think all the lovely people who
subscribe to us I'm fine I'm fine
there's just a chord down there
East our land it has one of the best
customer services I've ever experienced
screw eBay yeah but eBay has really
great prices I've never I've got a
murder East our land before and you get
to play as conquer from Conker's Bad Fur
Day actually wasn't the debut of conker
yeah it wasn't his first ever appearance
and diddy kong racing and yes banjo
banjo kazooie is also in that i don't
care about bein ya know
okay I've given up fucks about banjo
kazooie
this website seems like a scam I don't
want to go there all right hey let's say
the names let's say the names of the
people oh we caught up on taps we are
yeah we're caught up I was I was getting
through eBay is hit-or-miss when it
comes to buying n64 games yeah but you
can always get your money back if you
buy something on eBay and it doesn't
work
eBay has a refund policy and we're kind
of I can't do anything about oh yeah
because I unplugged it yeah okay so what
can you read these no I can't read those
you just get you want to just do it or
have one here too okay so I can hand it
over to you and it starts there okay yes
okay okay so we're going to thank all
the people who subscribe to us during
this stream much like the blue prism who
says start the damn stream already I
guess what we did we did RISM Recker the
destroyer welcome mr. Alex Reynolds who
says eight month anniversary
this has lasted longer than most of my
relationships thanks guys lizard wizard
shut the door the real net boy who has
subscribed to us for 12 months in a row
and the real net boy says still subbing
so I can see rich plays VR episode
Guinea you got it you got a while got a
while to wait on that
Malik 47 says best free Prime subs I've
spent yet Thank You Malik Thank You
Malik oh my god and rich we have schist
assists for thirty six fucking months in
a row
oh nice nice shot rich nice shot
uh King rubbish
who says hi jack and rich but enjoying
all our LM related stuff for years and
finally at a place where I can afford to
share a bit of my meager wealth keep up
the good work you fucks and there you
start at the top
alright good good poop dig 5079 says
poop dick I've seen things you people
wouldn't believe an old man throwing
chicken McNuggets at a little kid I
watched a fat guy fall down her
escalator at JC Penney all those moments
will be lost in time like tears in the
rain time to die
oh my dreams pass before my eyes and
curiosity notepad 31 gravely Rexford 33
fucking months in a row in closer
galaxy's Nintendo it's a breakfast now
Nintendo it's a cereal Wow Nintendo
Super Mario jumps Nintendo it's a fruit
flavored crunch Nintendo there's Zelda
to Lin Tendo this is very good news I
show her Godzilla Mario cereal I were
cereal I remember that they Velden Maira
theory yeah
yeah I don't remember that I do on the
same box it'll sit for a divider thing
between what yeah that sounds great
like on for twenty two fucking months
and roses thanks for the streams krob
wait what
hello I'm seeing chat say we got a month
wrong what month did we get wrong who
he was look oh no I can't see cuz your
tortures in the way at this one okay
every mouse here what do you know
oh the mouse sorry
37 youfox gobbledygook said 37 you fucks
it says 33 on my screen comedy cook
somewhere I'm very sorry but it says 33
you know what but I believe you got with
the gags for the record this is just on
the 36th month but apparently did we
miss 3600 we did a Gumby girl I thought
that was the first one we did oh shit
you're right they had to they had to
goddammit --kavitha cooks for 37
motherfucking months in a row why is it
say 33 who I don't I think um I don't I
don't know beefcake was tell beefcake
who sent me so twitch recently unveiled
different a subscription plan yeah so
it's no longer like a flat five dollars
a month is also a $10 a month level and
then there's also a $25 a month level
yeah and I think we're opted into that
even though like yeah I can't imagine
anyone would take partners right right
and so like it's just the weird way that
twitch works now and okay beefcakes work
on it okay
we're very sorry krob says grab two
years well spend twenty four fucking
months in a row for krob by the way 24
and get lost in where we ended up yeah
I'm with a lad with all that madness a
confusion that just happened was those
crazy Harald fairhair says if my
subscription was a seventh month old
baby it would be developing object
permanence the idea that something
exists even if you can't see it just
like real the worst man I know what
object permanence is that was just for a
general not talking to no fool
that was for people who didn't know rich
it's always nice he's saying the rest of
our audience just made up idiots well
he's right the real way on 18 months in
roses hey what are we gonna get reviews
of classic video games instead of movies
I know you guys have done episodes about
older games like
the original Zelda but it would be cool
if you had a nostalgia series solely for
games I think we need that and that's
just part of pre it's like if we feel
like doing yeah we'll do that for
previously recorded if you feel like it
that's as we have as we have yeah
doesn't need to be a separate chem lab
izinski says hey guys hi some so sub cam
sunshine hello Ellie pops atomic
mousetrap says support artist whitelist
trusted sites actually pay for art tip
that guy playing guitar with his feet
next time you pass him no okay is he
playing with his feet because he has no
arms cuz that's really sad
I'd probably dip him anyway is he
playing any good like what what if he's
a bank
well he has no arms and he's desperately
playing a guitar to make some money with
his feet clang clang clang that's just
that's a pity dollar Jack that's pity
dollar right there get some lessons God
Eric of the North says love the show
Jack is Watson to riches Holmes Emma
Watson and John Holmes well swap rent
went were name is Tate 423 fucking
months in a row oh my guard the guardian
of sanity Len flaxen ski you know what
it's not Fleck ocinski it's not Frank
izinski Len flex seemed to be a
different Lennon flack izinski you're
what Flacco's in ski maybe I don't know
I had that blows my mind man man flex in
ski says been in a Lord of the Rings
mood can we talk about how awesome the
orc designs are are you talking about
the orcs or the ARU Kai's I guess it is
lack when flex in ski this wow look at
wow it's been Len flex in ski this hotel
my god no were idiots not Len
flack ocinski never corrected this once
god bless never corrector discussed
lesson we just know
just enjoying us being idiots so what's
this about works you're not super big
into the Lord no I'm not we want to talk
about works I'll try and answer your
question so there there are two
creatures in the Lord of the Rings
movies there are the orcs which are the
the skinny little creepy guys right and
the orcs for the large guys those came
out of mud those are the uruk-hai those
are the uruk-hai that are orcs mixed
with elves but they come out of mud how
are they mixed with elves they're like
born from mud yeah how can they be mixed
with elves then they're just mud
monsters magic bullshit man it doesn't
matter and so like if your question is
how good is the orcs is not actually
like I'm okay with the orcs because they
were like spindly little creepy monsters
I didn't really like the uruk-hai
because like they just look they just
look like beef muscle man and as I had
done I don't remember I don't remember
the smaller ones or I remember the ones
that came out of the mud in the
beginning and they look pretty pretty
ho-hum are those just the ore rooks
the dirt they're all fucking orcs they
might be in different sizes but they're
fucking orcs there's there's orcs
there's a rooks and aruch I there's like
there's three different I think the Orcs
Must Die orcs look neat and not not too
dissimilar from the Warhammer orcs and
that's you know I trim that's a fine or
look
all right great I guess Warhammer twerks
look the same I guess I guess the Lord
of the Rings works they're the odd works
out yeah you know what I like the big
teeth on the bottom yeah I like that
like the big PerR triggers but they're
all oak eyes they're not the flame queen
of the One Ring says glad oh speaking of
I've been in Florida ring queen of the
runway oh yeah glad I finally got this
figured out
J Fergie 111 says woo so pumped to
subscribe
can I have that Mouse yeah you had them
else I have that Mouse all right do do
what do we miss something
no that was it that's it oh I just know
that we're just we're done sooner than I
was expecting to be done that's fine
it's fine they don't love us anymore who
doesn't what the chat
they never loved us ah they come here to
watch us fight and fail that's true and
you know today yeah well I guess we
fought a little bit and I'm really will
we fight over no we're gonna think of
something fuck you
