Dec 5, 2017
Overwatch
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/207283334
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LqnUTazgCik
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/937789139717644288
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/938120715601145857

we'll see if this works we got our
coffee we got our coffee
no we're started we just started we're
live great we are we're live we're live
our lives good morning good morning
everyone
welcome hi welcome you welcome to
morning jack live stream
what's the fluffy thing this is my um
can you guys hear me no this is my
microphone you're a friendly stream I
didn't miss welcome h3o plus mornin
morning good morning it is this is uh
this is called a dead cat it's you know
that's what it's called and it's a it's
a windsock for your microphone but it
also works as a pop filter and so you
know like you guys know what a pop
filter is it's like that usually that
like circle with some pantyhose on it
that goes over here to break up all of
your peas and buts and pups but that
also like adds a ton of extra space and
whatnot so I have this look here I'll
show you I probably see like then it's
just a microphone so you can tell me
which sounds better like does it sound
okay without the windsock then it's just
a microphone but uh just a little wind
sock that I put over it usually just a
dampen the sound because it's a little
hot I'm getting mic audio only on left
channel
all right how about now now you should
be hearing me in both channels I'm not
getting audio well that's something very
different I'm hearing only left here
nope did that no change still left
okay well give me one second then and I
will I will try to fix that okay how
about now how about now do you hear me
now in both ears very possible indeed
you're in both my ears done I fixed it I
am a wizard got it great I am a wizard
at fixing things
Jack the Fox I have not actually seen
the new wheel of the worst yet it just
came out last night and I was doing
something and of course this morning I'm
streaming so and no need for the fluffy
Socko
okay great oh and I turned on the I
turned down the Twatter a little too
late so I want to make sure I give a
shout-out to fluff salamander who just
subscribed and it says so I'm at six
months already and I get to celebrate
with a Euro friendly stream hooray Thank
You fluff salamander I do have the
watcher running now so so yeah
now turn your mic in the Doc Brown again
well I don't have to off just off-camera
like you know I have my microphone here
this is my this is my microphone at home
it's a little sampson g track USB Deeley
that's my mother that's my home
microphone and then right off to the
side I have this monstrosity I don't
even know if you couldn't see that no
it's a it's basically just kind of an
audio deadener because my office is very
echoey and so I stick this right next to
my microphone so it's just off camera
the microphone could be a knife yes the
title oh I forgot I forgot one gosh dang
thing hold on hold on I did bad I did
bad we're not playing err we are playing
we're playing over the watch and through
the woods that's what we're playing
whoopsie whoopsie information updated
sorry everybody who got an email and was
wondering why we were still playing err
that's incorrect hope you're doing well
I'm doing I'm doing very well today's
the first day of really cold weather
here in Milwaukee and I kind of like it
like I don't like cold weather so I'm
not gonna complain at all we're gonna
let's we're just gonna start playing I
have not played a game of overwatch in a
very very long time so I'm just gonna
goof around I do want to check out Moira
I think that's her name right I believe
that's her name
yes the stream is now live
it's just like Helldivers that's right
can anything top that recent wheel the
worst episode I have that edged weapons
video apparently is on YouTube rich
showed it to me the other day and it is
glorious I haven't seen the episode yet
unfortunately so I'm hoping
should we just fuck it and just try to
be Moira let's do it I'm just gonna try
to beer and see if I can figure her out
on the fly
Moyer hey Jack
hi I am I did I removed the fluffy top
thing apparently I didn't need it I I
like I said I like to keep it on just
because it uh it helps me I don't even
know why I keep it on it just keeps the
pops down okay so this this is heal okay
what are what are your powers lady hold
on hold on what are your powers well you
know what I guess we'll figure it out
I wonder what that did
well we're gonna find out this is my
first time playing with Moira do you
have a green screen how am I do I have a
little foldy green screen that I keep
with me just in case I need any green
screening obviously like this right here
okay
I don't know if I'm doing good yet but
you know I'm gonna say I am
okay all right I liked that almost took
out a road hog all by myself
Oh suck life from some people and return
it to others I love it I love it I love
it I love it alright great
please phase out and speed boost oh is
that what that is it's a phase out Jack
thanks for proving your father's voice
lost there yes someone over on Twitter
has done some great work and improved my
my theory for the village some spoilers
for the verbage if you haven't seen it
whoa whoa whoa whoa her fast move is a
little intense
can I hurt machines with my goop shit
shit shit shit that was dumb
great so spoilers for the Vova CH is as
the as the movie goes on what does this
do what is this - I think I remember
seeing this it's just like a big beam
what the hell is that what the hell is
that what the hell is that what the hell
is that
sorry there's just so many things
happening so am i talking no I'm not so
in the Vova CH I had suspected that the
father's voice became less powerful as
the movie went on kind of as a symbol of
of the father's power losing control
over the daughters something or you know
I thought it was symbolic I I'm not
gonna do a very good job of explaining
at the moment because because I'm
playing overwatch and this I'm playing a
new character who I've never played
before
shit shit shit shit shit shit don't go
running into combat like a madman but I
need apparently I need to I need to hurt
people to gain my healing back I'm
learnin the this is just uh this is just
a pub match so we're learning
dammit dammit everything's fine
Thank You phlearn dip what time is it in
Milwaukee it is 10:30 8 a.m. as a
morning stream a morning stream
yeah yeah I took that oh shit
and I didn't sucking I'm sucking it over
watch but that's fine have I played any
competitive no never
that's a lot of pressure I just like to
jump on and fart around oh oh shit wrong
exit I like to jump on and fart around
for a little bit
and I think if I die again I'm going to
switch to a healer that I know more
about
and let's just do that
let's just let's just switch to a healer
that I can do something with let's go to
mercy here we go
mercy I can do
gosh dang it
damnit what button revives again I'll
don't this is terrible
okay this is absolutely terrible I'm
embarrassing myself but that's okay I
forgot what button I forgot what Burton
revives people
and I should really write although
that's that okay and it's everything's
fine
it's even though it's mapped to my mouse
in a weird way I know it's e but it's
for me if you look my revive is our alts
which it means it's it's on my mouse
mapped weird everything's mapped weird
and I forgot it's been so long that I've
lost my muscle memory my muffle memory
all right come on my class stillest a
nice let's stay on this let's stay in
this
I got you I got you I got you sorry
dammit that one's right alt oh yeah it's
very it is very I like the prominence of
my head yeah there's just my head hey
how's it going the camera is very close
to me and it's really strange so here's
here's what I'm gonna do I have an idea
good morning I'm glad to have something
to watch while I spend the day coding
well welcome Fire Emblem fangirl we're
just gonna play some play some overwatch
and have a good time but here's what I'm
gonna do because I'm gonna be smart I'm
gonna be super smart we're gonna leave
this game and we're just gonna go what
is happening with it oh that's another
thing my mouse my mouse was all
cattywampus I know you are alright so
here's what we're gonna do we are going
to make sure that my mouse bindings are
all correct
there we go that's revived that's four
okay great I remember what things are
now
Jack this is highly inconvenient I'm
sorry miss toots but you know this is
when I can stream in the morning I can
stream in the morning and okay so I heal
here and then I suck energy from other
people which is fairly cool that's like
a quick move thing do I have any like do
I have any like how far away that's
actually fairly far away look at that
that is decent distance
I see that she really liked that I guess
you know I was trying to get closer to
people but I can I can I can be fairly
far away and then he'll nice I'm just
gonna do a quick test of what my whoa
what is that oh what see this is why
this is why you got to practice this is
why I got to go to those training areas
get a little practice under your belt
get a little get a little bit of
practice under your belt so you can you
know you can do this normally all right
the Hat right or you can do this and
shoot a little ball that heals people or
alternately hurts people and then this
one both heels and hurts that's like my
super dupe nice great okay
now I feel like I can go into a game I
do it's is really important to practice
with your balls Jack can we watch you
watch surviving edged weapons no I'm
sorry that I'm sure there's some sort of
copyright I'm sure there is some sort of
copyright thing or some thing all right
now let's hop in a quick play now that I
know what I'm doing again so I'm not
going to I'm not gonna watch that too
just yet okay
that's not biscuit I did leave my office
door open a little bit in case biscuit
wants to join us
it's for assholes you know I I'm okay
with quick way I like quick play it's
there's just no pressure in quick play
like a lot of times you know the the bad
side is sometimes you can find a group
no tank heroes well we need it while
we're defending that's right heart you
know I need I need Ryan heart practice I
need a right not to practice the tough
side is you can get people fucking
around and you can get assholes but I'm
okay with it because because of the
because there's no pressure so I can see
to you with my Ryan hot I did hear about
Bryan Singer getting fired
yes on set drama
gotcha gotcha diva
nice
that motherfucker motherfucking mercy
gotcha gotcha Reinhart is such a staple
of these games and I feel like I don't
play him often enough and so I've been
I've been actively trying to like learn
Reinhardt and just be be a better
Reinhardt write those glowing balls of
doom are a little upsetting Oh what what
mother fart fart er mother farter have
you guys talked about the Punisher I
don't know if we have I have finished
the Punisher without spoiling it I can
say that overall I did like it it was a
nice slow moody character piece I
enjoyed the pacing of it just very
deliberate could have used a little more
violence as far as I'm concerned
you know it just felt a little it felt a
little weak on the violence front I was
uh it ramped up a little bit but I
wanted you know what I'm thinking of is
if you guys saw if you guys saw
daredevil season 2 with the Punisher
there was that sequence in the jail
where was just one awesome fight scene
in the jail and it was the hell yeah
moment of season two as far as I'm
concerned and I didn't really feel like
there was a hell yeah moment in in
Punisher and I think it that was
actually deliberate I feel like they
were they were going for a not
glorifying violence thing motherfucker
so I feel like they did it on purpose
not trying to like glorify the gun nut
and of course they had a bad gun nut so
our good gun nut it could be you know it
was that was the good guy to the bad gun
nut but still it just felt a little weak
oh yeah rich needed a lot more violence
where where where where where motherfuck
mother fuck where's the rest of my team
where's the rest of my team be with me
team yeah yeah rich needed a lot more
violence and I could I could I could see
that
damn it damn it damn it damn it like I
got obsessed with that Viva I got
obsessed with that Viva it has strong
finish you know it was alright like
overall I think it was okay I am NOT a
huge Punisher fan so like to me it
really wasn't that that strong but it
was alright like I have really liked Jon
Bernthal I really liked John Baron Thal
he's a very good actor so you know we
got a little bit of him why is it not
max I don't I don't actually just don't
like The Punisher that much
so Jessica Jones season 1 is the best
Netflix marvel maybe the daredevil
season 1 daredevil season 1 is pretty
darn good and the season the first half
of season 2 and all the punisher stuff
of daredevil was pretty darn good
jessica jones has a really slow start
but as it goes on really nails it I'm
gonna say I'm gonna say that it's split
between between Jessica Jones and
daredevil season 1 both both our
excellent seasons for very different
reasons
seasons reasons see what I did there
that was nice
it's okay if it's not your favor you
don't have to like everything I think
Jessica Jessica Jones didn't do the
action so well cuz it wasn't an action
thing but there's a lot of slow
detective work there is a lot of monster
as metaphor in Jessica Jones which I
love you know I love that kind of stuff
is this whole theme of victimhood
and dealing with trauma and they do such
a good job with Jessica Jones of in
intertwining that those themes
throughout the story and it's still a
superhero thing and you got you got your
powers yeah sure
I'll try to grip well join a group hey
storm Templar I'll join your group I
mean defenders iron fist super weak I
think Luke Cage is super weak I know a
lot of people like it and I honestly I
do not understand why people like Luke
Cage Luke Cage that the show does not
make any sense to me
I feel they really dropped the ball but
I don't think I have a rank but I love
Jessica Jones III will stand up for
Jessica Jones any day of the week
defenders was hot hot garbage and iron
fists I actually like I'm slightly okay
with iron fist only because I feel like
they weren't trying to do anything
serious but they still fell really flat
it was a limp it was a that's what I
earn fists was it was just limp you guys
play the Mad Max game rich played the
Mad Max game and liked it I never got
around to it
Luke Cage was better than Iron Fist
maybe maybe I need a rewatch of Luke
Cage profess Sark no I have not watched
the new wheel of the worst yet I'm here
streaming I can't watch it and it just
came out last night and you know what I
have been watching I've been watching
dark on Netflix if you guys seen have
you guys seen dark here we go defend
what should we try here you know what
let's let's give them over at tri-c
storm Templar who joined up with me here
agrees that Jessica Jones is the best
Marvel show dark netflix is this weirdo
time-travel murder mystery and it's
German and it dark dark Dar K and it's
German and it's about it's a it's a
super dark time-travel murder mystery
and it is great I'm only about four
episodes in right now but I think it is
a really good show a lot a lot of weird
timey wimey stuff good characters and
and I'm liking it the or the one heads
up for any english-speaking people who
want to watch dark it is in German it's
a German show do not watch with the
English overdub you need subtitles
the English overdub actors are weak as
heck and and it's almost it's almost
embarrassing I got you I got you I got
you I got you
oh no that's not how to do it that's not
how I do it damn it I forgot how to do
everything it'll be fine it'll be fine
righto who watches anything with
overdubs so we've talked about this
before oh that's embarrassing that was
just embarrassing usually when I watch
like a foreign movie I actually watch it
with overdubs Oh motherfucker
I actually watch it with overdubs first
because in general I'm a pretty slow
reader and so I watch it with overdub so
I know the story and then I watch it a
second time with subtitles just so I can
get the performance and and I I'm okay
with some overdubs you know obviously
some overdubs are better than others but
motherfucker motherfucker
damnit I'm kind of suck in his Moira
we're gonna try again we're gonna try
again as where's my mouse we're just
gonna mercy it up we're just gonna mercy
it up nope
or we're gonna lose or we're just gonna
lose I see you've got yourself a mic now
this use my mic this is my microphone
I've had for awhile I think I got to
stop trying with Moyra for the moment
Russian dev of Oldboy was done by
Koreans sounds awesome
oh that was the play of the game get him
get get right out of town
good morning everyone let's see what we
got here are JR our Lovecraft says I
want to see the disaster artist and the
shape of water but they are not playing
in my city however Justice League has 28
showings at my local cinema that sound
what that's how it works sometimes I
also really want to see the shape of
water I'm a big guillermo del toro fan
and i'm looking forward to seeing the
shape of water it might come to one of
my it might come to one of my indie
theaters what is just as Lou you have
Tonio showing its crap it is crap and it
has so many showings because they they
thought people might want to see it
we're gonna yeah I'm gonna be using yep
so in any case uh because I am a slow
reader usually I like to watch something
with the overdub of first is the moral
of the story
we're gonna zari it up sorry it up but
the performance of the English overdub
actors in dark was so bad we had to stop
it and halfway through the first episode
restarted with the subtitles and the
original German actors and you know what
much much better much much better let's
take a knee here let's take a knee and
never forget the fall one so slow
readers unites well and you know it's
not so bad it you know there's a lot of
characters in dark and they all have
weird German names and so it's hard to
remember who is who but you get it and
you can pick up on it and unfortunately
like it also deals with a lot of high
schoolers and so there's a lot of
fast-talking there's a lot of people
talking over each other and the
subtitles can get a little overwhelming
and because it is a mystery
I feel like some of the clues that are
presented aren't available for me
because I'm not reading German but
road hog is over here what are you where
you roadog dickhead you dickhead
gotcha
shit shit who's what oh god damn it that
wasn't my reinhardt I saw that Reinhart
and I thought he was my friend
and it was not my friend so I got really
confused as to why my friend was hitting
me and it was not my friend whoopsie
whoopsie always watch Kung Fu Hustle
with the subs dubs break the comedy
that's also true Kung Fu Hustle oh man
what a great movie Kung Fu Hustle is
gotcha gotcha gotcha gotcha gotcha
I love zari uh you can't do nothing to
me road hog you can't hit up MA
where'd you go how'd you go all right
great
we're doing great wait for your team
wait for your team
shit shit shit shit
everything is fine
what are you doing over there seems to
have a nice open point over here
that was a great that was a great team
up right there that was great
what's kung fu hustle Kung Fu Hustle is
a is a comedy kung fu movie that uses
kind of tropes and trappings of regular
kung fu movies but puts a little slacker
twist on it I want to say Stephen Cho
did that the same guy who did Shaolin
sucker which is another very good movie
comedy comedy kung foo
all right we got to play it we got to
play this smart we gotta take out that
bastion that bastion is not gonna do us
any good
damnit damnit that's all right you can
just fill up my fill up my meter here
damnit
Wow you know I I kept that road hog busy
for a little bit I kept them busy busy
hey Jack would you and rich ever do a
game of a year discussion you know I've
tried to get rich to do a game of video
discussion before and it usually just
doesn't work out because it's one of
those things where it's like one just
trying to remember what excuse me your
game of the year was is is hard enough
and then you know it's it's different
like how do you compare something how do
you compare two games that are so
disparate goddamnit I was so close
how do you how do you compare you know
doom to The Legend of Zelda breath of
the wild it's that's such that's such an
abstract thought experiment comparing
two games that are so different that
that mean different things at different
time
okay that roadog is down
shit shit shit damn it shielded
generator they have a shield generator
you don't compare you go with the old
gut you know yeah you could go with the
old gut but you know it's it's just one
of those things where I go I don't like
the idea of of life there's one game
that stood out above all other games
because you know they're all different
how we're all gonna we're gonna go and
add this together we're doing we got to
we got to stick together
hey team we gotta take care of that road
hog that road hog is gonna be nothing
but trouble
oh shit
okay the two heavies are down the two
heavies are down they still have that
fucking bastion shit shit
I was road hog back already
you dick hit you dickhead
oh I had him down to one health bar and
he did better than I was my Witcher play
going you know I was thinking about
playing The Witcher today and then I
said to myself I I'm kind of into the
whole Witcher story thing and so I don't
want to I don't want to do that on
stream anymore because that's something
that I actually enjoyed doing
oh not gonna work dickhead
dickhead I'm on dia I'm onto you
did we get him we got him
shit
nice we did it we did it
everything's great there's a Veatch yeah
so I don't want to play on stream
anymore because that's actually
something that I would like to enjoy on
my own so I'm not gonna do that stream
I've been made of true with your fan you
know there's a lot of even like even
that silly thing that we streamed last
Wednesday where I finally met Tris and
you know Tris at least for me as a
player has been someone is someone who
has been built up and you know she's
supposed to be this awesome
you know this awesome sorceress but
she's removing rats from a warehouse and
I think that is adorable that's an
adorable stories like hey you know I got
to pay the bills I know I'm this awesome
sorceress but I also want to pay the
bills so so yeah I'm really excited
can we get any tf2 streams in the future
fuck guys we'll just do that you want to
but you want to play some tf2 you have
play some tf2 after this
I love tf2
F Bruno the The Witcher doc that noclip
did is what convinced me to look back at
the Witcher : someone gifted me a copy
of The Witcher 3 Wild Hunt and said you
know it's the most amazing thing and
this was like right after we played
breath of the wild and horizon zero dawn
this hey you like that youyou try
yourself The Witcher 3 and we said yeah
yeah mostly because we had just had
experiences with two games that were
giant worlds and open worlds and there
it was a lot that was a lot to take on
let's do Lucy oh that was a lot to take
on after two big open world games so I
let it sit for a little bit and then one
day on a solo stream I said hey I'll
give this a shot and I actually was
having a decent time I was enjoying
myself a lot with The Witcher 3 you know
I wasn't reading the story but I was
getting the combat I was fighting
monsters and having a really good time
with it and then some dickheads on
Twitter and on YouTube just when
full-blown gatekeeper they went
full-blown you are not playing this game
right you you know this is what you need
to do if you really want to play the
game you have to do this and this and
this and this and they just went
full-blown dickhead and I said you know
what I don't need to play this I don't
need to play The Witcher at all peace
I'm out and I decided I was just never
ever going to play The Witcher again and
but then I was watching the noclip
documentary and the history of said the
project and all of these people that
were putting this so much thought into
this game
and I really dug it and I really dug the
thing that they were doing I thought I
thought it was super neat and I really
respected them gotcha gotcha you know
and and a lot of it I really liked and
so actually it was it was that doc that
convinced me to give it a second try and
so I wanted to give it a second try and
play it with no pressure
play it with no one watching me you know
aka with no not streaming it and I got
oh what 15 20 hours into it just by
myself and ended up really enjoying it
really getting into it
and so now I'm comfortable playing it on
stream again shit shits we got a sniper
well you got a sniper
shit shit shit shit
there weren't too many of us on point
but I needed I needed to do my let's
break it down but we needed to do
something shit great
Jack rubbed his at the same time Lucia
didn't and became a Lucia well great
yeah and you know I played a little bit
of get out of here get out of here keep
moving keep moving
damn it I played a little bit of the
frozen wilds of horizon zero dawn and
yeah it just it felt like it felt like
horizon zero dawn it took me a while
just to get back into the flow can I
have to hear how far you yeah yeah I'm
with you
shit shit
ye-yeah that was kind of silly I should
have just I should have taken a
defensive position but I wanted to knock
that and Ryan Howard out of there I
knocked the Rhinehart out which she
bought us exactly I'm waiting here for
area sometimes when you're lucio it's
better to wait a little bit if you see
that a teammate has died so they respawn
and you can ferry them to to the
objective fucker
nope nope nope shit shit shit
there we go never want to wait too long
and deploying your rip tyre yet I gotcha
because you can shoot to the rip tire
get out of here
could use some teammates the objective
gotcha
yeah choo-choo God shoot yo here we go
dammit Oh everything's fine everything's
gonna be fine
been a while since I've been a dream
Jackie rich ever try rim world i room
world does not sound like anything I
have tried mackenz ID you got to watch
that sniper for us
oh shit oh shit oh shit
got a backup got a backup dammit dammit
dammit dammit I went to I went to far I
was my idea was just to stop that
payload you know because once once it
reaches that final barrier they get a
closer start and so just making sure now
they get a nice close motherfucker that
Moira can you dick you dick
what Tarantino truck news I thought that
was a rumor is that JJ Abrams and
Tarantino were in talked for a for a
trek movie I don't know if that's
confirmed
there we go got him
I were doing good we got them oh fuck I
say we're doing good and then here we go
can't get me from over there I thought
so I thought that was a rumor
the Tarantino Trek news so I haven't put
much faith in it just because why
just cuz a lie
oh they have an erisa alright great
we're doing great doing great doing
great doing great
that's basically all I'm trying to do
now is stay alive to heal the people
around me and shoot into fuck damn it so
basically as Lucia I was just trying to
fire into that void there to try to you
know keep them keep them bottlenecked
that was my only objective and you know
I was working for a while and now it's
just all about stopping stopping these
guys before they get too far you know I
just don't want them to push that cart
at all fuck you
isn't there someone else you could be
doing this too
nice alright well you know what it
worked we got the cart didn't move
someone needs to kill that fucking
sniper please thank you where's Moira
where's Moira everything's gonna be fine
so yeah same thing just firing in here
to create a bottleneck trying to do as
much damage as I can as much splash
damage damage per second keep them up
what the fuck was that
fuck fuck
there we go there we go we're doing fine
we're doing great we're doing great
we're doing fine we're doing great we're
doing fine we're doing great we're doing
fine everything's fine everything's
great and fine shit shit
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck everything's
great
fuck that Lucio in particularly ya know
I've been concentrating on the road hog
I mean but you have to you have to
concentrate on the heavy because they're
the big push and to be then that road
hog was doing a good job he is pushing
fuck fuck yeah get out of here get the
fuck out of here
hello fuck you IRISA
fuck you fuck you and fuck you that
would felt like an earned victory that
felt like an earned victory look at that
yes right pretty fresh shaven not too
bad
hey my buddy storm Templar gets the play
of the game it's fun it's good it's fun
and it's good nice good job everybody
good job good job holding always fun
when you can hold them thoughts on the
crew - I don't even know what that is
that's my thoughts on the crew - here's
my thoughts on the crew - I need some
water
wicked loot box how about this I'm gonna
leave my group here sorry storm Templar
I'm gonna leave my group for just one
second I'm gonna go get some water and
then we're gonna open that loop box and
play some more overwatch so hold on for
one little tiny moment
okay so in getting a water how much did
I mess everything up no that's all right
the the only I changed it my home
streaming setup a little bit since the
last time I did a morning stream just to
make the camera work a little bit better
and with my monitors and my laptop and
that monitor and the camera and my
microphone I tried to make it a little
more streamlined the only problem is my
green screen is currently covering my
door and so if I ever do want to take a
little break or leave my office I have
to move my green screen I'm sitting so
close to the camera because you know I
might be wearing pajama pants I did you
know I have to leave the house everyday
to take my children to school but I
might have put pajama pants on when I
got back home because that's what I can
do
all right yay loot boxes okay yeah let's
uh let's take a look here and actually
setting up setting up the the stream
this way is what was taking me so long I
have two monitors at home one is usually
hooked up to my Mac laptop and then the
other is hooked up to my gaming PC but
I'm switching around the way the way
it's working
I've actually two people ones what about
okay we got some money you know no
biggie play your icon I don't care about
those oh I like that
okay the snicker emote we will add that
and the victory pose that's great
that's a great victory pose great loot
box everybody great loot box that is
mono Jack that is most unorthodox so
I've been thinking I'm actually about
kind of switching over my editing over
to the gaming PC which I know I said I
wasn't going to do but editing oh yeah
editing on the laptop has actually is
starting to get a little more difficult
it's an older laptop it still works but
especially now that we're going back to
video previously recorded and some of my
outside jobs are asking for more
graphical intense items which
unfortunately the laptop is just not
that good at you know after I can use
After Effects and mocha on the laptop
but it's just not that strong
no Jen I was wearing pants when I drop
my kids off I changed
rule number one as far as I'm concerned
rule number one when leaving the house
for whatever reason you have to wear
real pants unless here's the one caveat
unless you are going directly from your
house to the gym and then back to your
house
Oh IDEO Symetra that is the only
exception to the rule other than that
real pants all the time
real pants that's what we need and you
know like as a fan of yoga pants you
kind of want to allow that but still you
know don't be sim here what are you
talking about sin is great I won't if
you I mean I guess if you don't want me
to what do we need oh you know what we
don't have any DPS yeah we don't we
didn't have any DPS so I will L strange
over to to soldier not here sim is great
on all these levels any any of these
capture the objective sim is great on I
think you're a crazy person
but I hear you that we needed that we
needed DPS
shit
was it was it was it o-o I got caught in
a trap pj pans are worn late at night
everywhere it listen I'm an adult
I'm an adult and I wear real pants when
I leave the house that's how it works
you're in college you know that's
College time
fuck oh my god oh I just walked right
into that didn't I'm well we are not
starting off on a great on a great on a
great note here let's let's try this
again
oh yeah just what we need a sniper
that's what come on May in your ice
walls
yeah oh that fucking mate
damn I'm fucking May gosh damn our
shorts really shorts count shorts count
they just can't be you know like no
sweat shorts no athletic shorts that's a
fair rule
Oh Oh mother mother mother fuck mother
mother mother fucker alright
the only real pants are Jenko jeans you
know what's up whoa
you know what Sam are we got to get in
there we got to get in there big play
big play
well I took out the sniper I took out
the sniper does that count for anything
dingus me I'm a dingus throw myself at
the objective this wouldn't happen if I
was symmetric I'm saying I googled Jenko
genes okay so there was a time when I
wore Jenko genes doom fist oh we're so
fucked do we not have any healers we
don't have any healers guys all right
I'm gonna try a more right here this
this seems like it could be Moira good
more territory a lot of close-up areas
we can do this I'm not suppose there was
there was it like there was like a yes
we are fucked
yeah storm template we don't have the
best team balance here but you know
we'll see
we'll see how it works
shit well Mike oh my god I thought he
was facing a different direction
great here watch the film less samurai
mmm I have not I was not in clown makeup
when I wore Janko jeans that was during
my that was when I just discovered Nine
Inch Nails and obviously loved Nine Inch
Nails
I got you and you know I just said to
myself well Nine Inch Nails sure is the
best I want to do everything like Nine
Inch Nails does you guys are all in this
tiny room here
I'm all out of healing I'm all out of
healing I need to suck some energy from
someone else it's actually pretty
difficult
or that who that who did
gotcha okay come here come here let me
heal you dinguses a lot of dinguses was
that what that who did o.o sniper deck
estilo I'm a huge mm edgy as fuck no I
mean I love Nine Inch Nails still to
this day but you know you hear that for
the first time as a teenager and it's
just your whole world
shit shit shit
shit shit shit
got you've got you've got you got you
got you oh no don't got you it's night
for hey sniper no sniping well Jack I
know I'm still learning Moira I gotta
remember my balls got remember to use my
balls that's okay we got we got a decent
lead here when we can come back do my
balls go through things or
try to not get so focused on one foot
what gosh dang it you really had my
sense you try using I know I know you
know I had it set once and like yeah
whoa whoa whoa shit what happened okay
you know it's just one of those things
where if you think you have it right and
then you got to change it constantly
motherfucker motherfucker dude did you
see this shit sorry
Inez was around way before Jing cosa you
know it's just one uh it's a it was part
of the whole industrial rock thing
Jenko corn Nine Inch Nails is just part
of a thing I think I do I think you're
right I could I just do need to lower my
mouse sensitivity it is a little crazy
high a little crazy high right now
Efrain oh did you see that I healed the
tire as it was coming towards me because
I'm still learning Maura a solar Templar
it's not just our team it's me it's a
lot of it's me you guys remember from
pub G I need to be carried I healed the
tire because I'm still getting used to
my raw
buicks see if you can join the team if
you can I don't know how it works start
its storm Templars team so we're gonna
be enjoying it again alright we can do
this though actually attacking let's all
it's mercy let's mercy it up let's mercy
it up let's go to our controls and let's
move our sensitivity down a few notches
and see if that helps see if that helps
yeah oh you know I'm getting back into
it I'm getting back into the swing it
has been a while since I've played
overwatch I loved overwatch still I'm
pretty disappointed in doom fist overall
I was really looking forward to kind of
like another melee character and I don't
think they quite figured out the balance
for him I know he first came out and he
was super overpowered and then they
nerfed him and I played him a little bit
after they nerfed I mean still liked him
here and there he's fun like his
punching he can you can really fuck fuck
some people up with your punches
I got you I got you shit no I don't and
here comes a doom fist I got you I got
you I got you I got you
maybe I got you I got you I got you I
got you
nope nope don't have you that much
oh no she's got the no healing oh no
here we go here we go here we go
okay come on guys we gotta go we gotta
go what are we doing over here still
what are we doing over here still
I got ya I got ya I got ya
here we go here we go
everything's fine sorry guys I'm
concentrating shit shit shit up alright
here we go
just jack play ranked it up just quick
play just quick play I want to say I
might have tried like one ranked game
and I just felt nothing but pressure I
just like hopping on and goofing around
hopping on goofing around hello MOOCs
that's that's my that's my fuck you
that's more my style just farting around
storm storm don't get too far away from
me please
nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope
well that was silly that's a little
close to the camera now okay so they
have a shield generator way out back
dark dark you gotta check behind you dog
gotta check behind you every once in a
while please shit I got you I got you I
got you all right come on dog
here we go here we go here we go here we
go
I got you I got you I got you they can't
hit me they can't hit me fuck fuck fuck
fuck fuck oh I had to revive I had to
revive and I was gonna revive him and be
awesome and I failed so how many people
have a cat so many people
I got Jeff is Jack taking over a prereq
yeah you know like I said we couldn't do
a we couldn't do a sundae stream because
of some scheduling conflicts and so I
figured you would rather have this than
no streams at all so we're here so we're
here doing a stream
and you know because I can do morning
streams my god I'm here anyway I'm not
editing anything at the moment
shit shit shit shit so Thursday December
7th psych the movie on USA Network
I am super duper excited about that I'm
a big psych fan I'm looking forward to
the psych movie I'm gonna wait here for
ro dog I got you dog I got you dog yes
we do want to do more board game plays
you guys know what the problem with that
is okay road hog let's wait let's wait
for everyone please please is just
people you know we need people to play
I got you I got you road hog road hog
road on oh you got you
what I was way up here I wish the SEC
guys could jointly host SNL yes that
would be great motherfucker that was a
good play we had a good play going
mother fucking Reaper fucking up our
shit
no I I have you dark
nope okay okay don't have you that much
dark I don't have you that much mother
mother mother mother mother mother
mother mother it's like in a good psyche
I think psyche is very good the psyche
is one of those it's like as corny but
it's funny and it's cute and it's
charming and it it has characters who
you genuinely care about and so you you
just kind of allow it you see them and
see them
I was right in the middle of reviving I
know they recently tweaked so even
though I haven't played overwatch in a
while I do keep up with all of their
updates and they have been tweaking
Mercy's revive status and they're making
it so you know she revives motherfucker
sorry storm they they're making it so
there is this big delay in her reviving
people road hog please come back here
thank you
so they're they're making it harder for
her to revive people you know so they
can balance it more properly oh shit
shit we need you we need you and so
there's that big delay where I can't
heal anyone and I can't really do
anything yeah I got you I got you I got
you
but what how how why who why how that's
fine that's fine uh you know I have not
guys I have actually not watched much
Curb Your Enthusiasm so I don't know
much about it is all I have to say about
that we're not gonna make it is what I
can really say we are not going to make
this objective we are not going to make
this objective unfortunately and there's
just not enough there's not enough of us
can I can I go oh did I speak too soon
might I spoke too soon
fuck fuck fuck the only thing it doesn't
have a story Grothe psyche so psyche has
a lot of fun with his premise but not it
doesn't have any story growth says
Tiberius Kirk I would argue that it
doesn't need it it's it's just one of
those shows that doesn't necessarily get
psych it's it's just fun for what it is
let's see here
anonymous says hi jack Netflix just won
29 defensive assists nice Netflix just
dropped the trailer for the new sci-fi
show altered carbon I'm a big fan of the
book and I hope they don't fuck it up
cautiously optimistic never trust
trailers for hype yeah basically
basically never trust trailers for hype
is how it works I don't know what
altered carbon is and I've never heard
of it I'm sorry so that's that's it
sometimes I do a good job sometimes I
don't you know you dig you do I know you
do and importantly game says think you
and rich will get around to playing
battle chef bugger brigade I think it's
something you'd enjoy maybe it looks
interesting you know it looks kind of
like a side-scrolling fighter and a
cooking simulator it's like a mix
between a fighter and a cooking sim it
looks interesting I think at very least
I'll give it a look I think the next one
we're gonna do for a prereq is is the
okami
HD Edition they they just they're
they're remastering Okami and releasing
it on HD
next week I want to say and so that is
going to be the next prereq episode the
the next three right have sowed which
will have us back on camera but I think
I'd like to take a look at battleship
regret it does look very fun
so we'll see we will see red and gay has
discovery gotten better I liked it
overall I liked discovery I liked where
it was going
it had some problems but overall I think
it was pretty good but the way I like to
describe it is it's like you know in
total it's like seven episodes and in
those seven episodes there's like three
good
TNG episodes to medium what did you call
what's what's the the Star Trek where um
with Sisko
what's the Star Trek Star Trek Academy's
masterful I'm really I'm really enjoying
it Deep Space nine thank you like - okay
Deep Space nine episodes and too bad
voyager episodes that are like spread
out through the seven episodes
thank you storm templar these phase nine
yep uh oh I can kind of be whatever I
want to be you know what it's been a
while since I've been a pharaoh
I love Pharaoh so you know there's some
good some bad some of some of the
episodes our downright are downright
enjoyable I'll tell you that but there's
also some bad to it so
so that's that I think it ended good I'm
looking forward to watching more of it
to be fair though Lisa and I
binge-watched discovery 4 on the 1 week
free trial of of CBS all access and then
as soon as we binge we're done with the
binge we cancelled so we also watched it
for free and that might have made a
difference and when they bring back
Star Trek Discovery I'm probably gonna
get another free trial and binge watch
it again
so a fearful slug boy I don't know I
like it it's it's it's got its own thing
I like this for Drive I like the I like
the sci-fi thing it's got good sci-fi
things get up there
oh shit I missed
shit shit
I'm doing a bad job of oh fuck I was
trying to like hit him hit him and hit
him and dodging wheat I was trying to
Downton we've still watching the Orville
i I am NOT I gave up on the Orville I
just really dislike seth macfarlane that
much i really dislike seth macfarlane
that much where I can't fuck
where'd they all go
now I guess my team killed them so I'd
like to give it a chance I know a lot of
people speak very highly of the Orval
button
fuck fuck get out of here get out of
here
damnit
so now I'm interested yeah yeah I've
heard I've heard it all right things
that a couple episodes I watched weren't
the worst in the world it's just I just
hate Seth MacFarlane I just really hate
him I can't look at him
fuck fuck fuck everything's fucked he's
the white version of Tyler Perry I just
don't know enough about Tyler Perry to
know if that's true or not Seth
MacFarlane I'm fairly sure is a passion
project for a Seth MacFarlane and you
know good for him he wants to he wants
to make a little Star Trek series and
good for you know good for him he's
doing it and he's got the power to do it
you know my team here on my team
I ran away sometimes you just got to run
away that's okay
thought there was a health up here there
we go fairly sure there was a help up
there
gotcha get you you've noticed seth
macfarlane has a wonky eye since
watching the Orville yeah yeah I think
he's always had that
do-do-do-do-do just hitting rockets that
beep oh shit okay we did we're deaf
we're all sniper got me prereq playing
online FPS seems like a bad idea
remember that rich and I are very
different people I enjoy online FPS is
and rich does not but I really like them
in fact mother fucker
I forgot that
Sally hatchet was up there we're going
up there now
we're gonna get her I'm just gonna hit
her with my full rocket barrage so yeah
she likes that there there dingus that
was probably a little overkill
probably
gotcha
they hadn't noticed that was behind them
the whole time no I've never gotten see
it never given that was overkill well
you know I'm sorry storm Templar but I
felt it was necessary I felt like it was
necessary that was a necessary use of my
of my super dupe hello I'm just gonna
kill the sniper that's all I'm gonna do
I'm gonna be I'm gonna just go back here
and kill that sniper that's my only job
I'm gonna kill the sniper and then
distract all these people back here so
you guys can push the card so I'm sorry
storm
I'm sorry storm Templar but that's what
I'm doing how long will I continue
screaming oh my god yeah it's noon
already um
Oh probably for a while
I'll probably stream for a while maybe
maybe another hour or so we'll see based
on book Jack we'll needs I will I will
need some food soon that's that's a very
real thought
gotcha
oh did you did you guys see that that
wasted my whole super dupe I didn't get
one rocket out oh I am fairly pissed
about that I'm fairly pissed about that
yeah come here deal with me deal with me
don't worry about the Cardin Sally yeah
Sally knows Sally knows now I'm going
there unfortunately a button no one else
is flanking I'm the only one who has the
ability to flank so I feel like I have
to
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck looks like we
might not win this one either but that's
fine you could be some other flanker
yeah but I chose this one this is the
one I'm gonna be
shit
that was dumb
shit that was dumb that was dumb I'm
doing dumb things and I'm sorry I'm
doing dumb things it is it's all my
fault
we're gonna lose and it's all my fault
I'm very and I'm very sorry everyone and
I'm very sorry that was all my fault
all my fault Oh all the cracking of
knuckles sorry sorry everyone sorry
everyone
that was a good that was a good one
Jack I earlier stated that you are okay
said storm Templar I think storm Templar
is rethinking his assessment or her
assessment you should know that was said
I was I was acting very silly
I was acting very silly but that's what
happens sometimes you get obsessed I
over watch wait I don't know what an
overwatch wait is I get obsessed and I
got obsessed with that sniper because
that sniper got you know got behind me
and I just wanted to alleviate the pain
that the sniper was causing our team and
so I thought that could be my role is as
the the sniper deterrent while you guys
pushed and really it didn't work out it
didn't work out like I expected
she got my head she absolutely she
absolutely got in my head and you know
that happens that happens we're gonna
have to be okay with it if we want if we
want to just keep moving
you know and we do
and we do we just want to keep moving
where
hold on what are we gonna do here all
right you know what guys I got to leave
your group for a second how do you leave
the group oh yeah that's what I want to
do I want to leave the group I need more
water and a small bathroom break that's
what I need and I'm looking for the
button - let's invite players where's
the button to leave the group
right-click on me nope Oh or you guys
can just kick me out of the group
that'll work - all right everybody we're
gonna take we're gonna take a little bit
of a break I'm gonna refill my water and
take a quick bathroom break but I'll be
back in just just like two two minutes
you
you
all right and oh don't see I messed up
my green screen there this way nope
there we go there we go
everything's fine now everything's fine
now bump and boom what what and do it oh
sure storm template oh yeah I like
playing with people thank you for
inviting me to your group it's more fun
playing with people I will try not to
suck this time storm Templar I promise
you
oh sorry kaleidoscopic that I did I I
turned on my mic before I turned on my
camera so sorry if I scared anyone
German myself I switched to the English
overdub because I thought that German
Netflix switch to German automatically
than I needed five scenes to realize
it's a bad dub oh man
that English / dub of dark is rough and
I also think that it lost a whole lot of
the sound design because you know for
anyone who doesn't know when you do an
overdub in a movie you need to have
every other sound on a completely
separate track and if you listen to the
english dub of dark it actually sounds
like a lot is taken away like they just
almost did foley for four sounds like
running and the phone ringing but you
lose a ton of ambient sound at least for
dark maybe not for every overdub but but
the dark is definitely preferred with
the original German and English
subtitles for me so as far as I'm
concerned
we're gonna switch to some lacroix now
we got some blackberry cucumber Lucroy
blackberry cucumber it's great oh it's
fantastic I love Lacroix so what you're
saying is it should sound like the room
I haven't seen the room I don't know how
the room sounds have you had the cherry
lime one yes I love cherry lime moon
boots I can't be a shill for Lacroix if
they're not paying me but if anyone from
Lacroix is listening I enjoy your
product thank you how much longer am i
planning on streaming probably till
about 1:00 I'll probably stream until
about 1:00 storm storm Templar if you
know if you feel like playing that long
defending how to Maura eh hmm
what does everyone want to play us we
need some tanks we need some regulars no
one wants to pick we need we need some
bullet sponges here let's go road hog
let's go road hog we'll see how that
goes
cool cuz I need to adult later hold on
my phone just reminded me of something
maybe I'm actually not streaming until
1:00 maybe I'm stopping streaming
relatively soon hold on for a second
I've I might have forgotten something
that's why you add stuff to your
calendar I have to add every okay yeah
this will be my last game this will be
my last game I completely forgot about
something so this is gonna be the last
game as soon as we're done with that I
gotta go because I completely forgot I
have an eye doctor appointment today and
I'm gonna go to the eye doctor to see
how bad my eyes have gotten and I forgot
because I'm a big dummy
Hey
Oh
that's I feel like that's an
underutilized defense for road hog viana
defense to stop the road hog from
healing himself who they have they have
a Nana who knows what she's doing
your poor mercy died for you I know what
are you doing here
we got this this round is gonna get over
a lot quicker than I thought I was
hoping just to sneak up on fuck no no
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
so this rounds gonna end a lot a lot
sooner than I thought that's great it's
over yeah dream sign it's over it's all
over a great plan with everyone thanks
for coming out
holy mother there Anna Anna is on point
oh my god oh my god holy crap
holy roll this is just I mean I mean I
mean that looks like a team that has
worked together before absolutely that
was I
I'm not even embarrassed by that just
because that was excellent teamwork on
the other team's behalf that was just
that was just good playing now I'm a
little embarrassed because my death was
the first one in the play of the game
but hey yeah but here we are
I can't storm I gotta go I gotta go but
thank you guys thank you guys for coming
slightly slightly embarrassing let's
let's make sure we thank all the people
who have subscribed to us during this
stream hold on let me alt-tab
I mean I'll tap over to the Twitter here
so we can thank all the people who have
subscribed to me and us during this
stream this early morning stream we'll
see you guys tomorrow night but blow
Vlad who has subscribed to us for 14
months in a row says oh hey 14 months
cat a fool ooh skep 7e coal so so so low
five six seven for twenty three fucking
months in a row thank you for
subscribing frottage
oh god fraud ha Raschid that's oh that's
a tough one
that's eighty five says mornin have a
sub and useless sub message to and maybe
even a nice day I think I will 1 cuddle
bunny flying dog 77 day licks 1 1 1
hometown markup if you can believe this
home tom markup has been subscribed to
us a fer 40 motherfucking months in a
row great
jam borer in ski gayen dilute dick
gently er for 14 months in a row says
watching prereq at work what could
possibly go wrong
keep it up guys and I will keep subbing
we'll do our best no way MN for 14
months in a row says Oh December
Christmas time this is the time of year
when everything is about that
motherfucking cocksucking ass-licking
shit eating piss drinking Star Wars
again if you're already sick of it don't
worry it won't last more than 50 or 60
years FS 1 to 7 true blue review for 13
months in a row dis t87 Tiberius Kirk
for 27 fucking months in a row who says
I won't be here when you read this but
thanks for 3 cubed months of this Steve
the ghost for 14 months in a row says 14
months looking forward to you playing
Final Fantasy x-2 on your next solo
stream that's actually not a bad idea I
think I'll pick up a copy of that Len
flex since key for 15 months in a row
who says read my tip and I see it I see
all right now whoa there we go I got a
blurry for a second Landon fly kasinski
says two years ago on prom night my
friend hadn't seen Star Wars so we
watched a NH ESB oh oh so we watched a
new hope Empire Strikes Back Return of
the Jedi and the force awaken then I
showed him clips from the prequel and
asked Matt why are we watching this
that's a great question Len it's a great
question I thought Jack only got blurry
on the weekends
we got blurry Hey but everyone thanks
for coming out this morning we're gonna
be streaming together again tomorrow
night's so we'll see you then and you
know we'll try to do more of these
morning
fainting streams so soon's and i don't
have the end still over here I need to
get that so why how do I
