Jan 22, 2017
Jalopy, Warhammer 40,000: Space Marine
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/120858049
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/121092092
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/121620589
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nYV_RRXLBrk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DI1E2CBiCrs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b1QmpsCaS7k
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/823248757290582016

[Part I]
right now it's about the difference what
I'll say all that's fine it was another
one of those like it was a back of a
cereal box thing and they had two
pictures Oh
another one of those Nina Oh figure out
other things that are different in these
two pictures
I mean look basically identical well
according to the back of the box there
were 11 or 12 but what box is this let's
get this all clear it's generic Target
brand Cinnamon Toast Crunch okay I think
they're called like cinnamon crunch
squares or something okay
crunchy cinnamon squares and you can
find nine of them lickety split super
easy yeah and then apparently there are
like 11 maybe 12 okay and I've been
through it a bunch my kids have been
through it a bunch and it's just another
one of those we cannot find we cannot
find like the last the last thing so
okay and it's very upsetting and you
know I didn't want them to like find it
for me but I thought it was funny I had
that picture on my phone so I shared it
with people on Twitter mmm when I'm when
I said when we were gonna stream to it
so I thought it was just a fun thing
maybe twelve you said 11 I forget I we
threw away the box I don't want to have
a box did did you put the Sun like the
tweets or something - I tweeted it okay
so what are we playing today jack
what is this for playing jalopy what the
fuck is jalopy I don't know how do you
hear about jalopy I don't know I don't
remember huh how about that Packers game
everybody did the Packers win or lose I
don't know you know I I didn't catch
like the last eight minutes of the game
so I don't know what the end result was
where were they when you like well when
I left the Packers were were losing the
score was 14 - 43
Oh 44 and I was 44 uh-huh they were down
by a lot Oh a lot so wasn't looking good
for the old Packers beer Meister is
saying Packers lost I didn't I didn't
change the game in shanty I remember to
change it on the text and the thing they
did not change it in the chatty Jack you
were you were 80% on top of it 80% 80%
correct hold on yeah oh look at this and
and even the titles still if I had a
Warhammer yep yep jalopy jalopy F how
about sloppy jalopy sloppy jalopy
selects game that is fellow array okay
updates updated back to jalopy I you
know whatever here's the thing about
jalopy I remember I probably saw like a
video about jalopy or read an article
about it or something yeah I said oh
this looks like a fun
it's it's still actually if you look
here when we close this book it's still
in alpha okay
early it's it's version 0.6 so it's not
the final version yet it's funny I
thought you liked avoiding early access
I usually do but I this is a game that I
actually I don't think they're gonna
finish it okay because I want to say I
heard about this like six months to a
year ago
so it's probably one of those games that
they're not gonna finish though just
mean I play it now and get it over with
uh Chat Chat for the record anybody
confused by the title and it said you
know was Warhammer Space Marine that was
last stream and for the record I love it
I really fucking love it
Warhammer Space Marine yeah oh yeah you
were having a great time you were having
just a great old time so I saw this game
and I played through it last night it
taught me to love the sniper rifle you
beat the whole game yeah yeah so anyway
Shalaby I'm sorry no that's fine
I saw it and I and I made a little
mental note to myself and I bought it
cuz I bought it on early access cuz
that's a way that you can help games get
made by the early access so they can
finish it here thank you for purchasing
Jalopy during early access the game is
currently pre alpha that means that the
core blank gameplay experience is still
changing significantly week to week I
hope you have fun and please keep in
mind that this is a work in progress
feel free to report any bugs you find
over at the Steam forms best Greg
alright let's start a new game I just
made a mental note I said hey I think I
want to play that jalopy I think I wanna
play that jalopy
yep
mmm stay in bed any longer and the day
will make fools of us both come now I've
something important to show you
good luck um red I have something
important to show you
we need it here cut look at this I like
this I like having a little word bubble
stick spy I said come come it's just
outside okay that not true door through
this - over here follow I wanted to turn
the lights off don't you like to see you
all the stuff you can fuck around with
yeah before yeah okay I just picked up a
thing I picked up the thing I should
probably put it back I can't put it back
okay I can't put it back this this teach
you to play with thing you know
understand that Russian accent is
terrible
I know go fuck yourself no rich this is
Germany well you know what fuck it I'm
doing my Russian because I don't have a
German okay you can zoom in
that's that's our president I Russian
German president it's 1990 okay
this here is lucky wakey out 601 the
looks something of an engineering legend
in the GDR that is young German psyche I
can't I guess I can't remember
he's Russian he's a Russian immigrant
260 km / H in twenty two point five
seconds km/h top speed of 100 kilometer
per hour all at the economical rate of
three kilometers a liter a liter a liter
I did it took me a while to know what L
was that is if we can get the running
that's it's getting worse not ovary I've
everything ready we just need to go
build our engine I slap on some wheels
50 passenger side door and give her a
bit of a clean
so what let's get started with the
replacement door is over on top of skirt
pile behind you if you squint you'll be
able to see it Oh buddy that's it
okay this is where the game turns into a
hardcore platformer we're not
do you think this fall damage no no okay
less than elegant but it's on Western
elegant is on right now let's fit the
engine if you open driver's door hey hey
first of all back off uncle you'll see a
black ledge pull it and it will release
bonnet can you see it is black wedge
should be just under steering wheel
that's it you got it
you did good thing okay now open the
bonnet and I can walk you through this I
wanted to close the fucking door oh here
we go close the fucking door so as you
can see needs engine yes usually a car
needs an engine you've got the world of
parts and you know I've got a lot of
stock parts sitting grudge go collect
one and I'll walk you through what it
does all right you're gonna put a car
together these parts are set in garage
go collect one and we can start build
engine battery great boom you got it
yeah battery all right got a battery I
got a battery uncle
that's better e which provides
electrical charge for your lakeya or
lika whatever
bed 3 allows you to use lights a radio
car technician that kind of thing if
your lakeya won't start first place to
check his battery go ahead drop into
engine ok great
we're doing this car repair what do we
want max oh this thing looks good
carburetor carburetor is probably
something we need
right that's carburetor which controls
fuel consumption of car which in turn
control how many kilometers per liter
you get out of your lakeya good
well-maintained carburetor will mean you
use less fuel and can drive further for
cheap go ahead drop into engine okay
boom I'm assuming because it gives us
little stats on all these stuff that
eventually we might be able to get some
sort of upgrades for our car yes Chet
glory to arstotzka okay you're holding
air filter in an essential component
your filter isn't necessarily required
to run your lakeya but it is good idea
to have one as it will reduce the rate
of wear to your engine book go ahead
drop in engine it's good put the engine
in last various fuel tank that holds few
of your lakeya a few notes on this one
first of all is gravity fed you'll need
to open the bonnet and fill directly to
tank when refueling also lakeya is
running a two-stroke engine this means
you'll want to mix in some oil to the
fuel mixture that definitely had a
little bit German just felon mixture
mixture yeah failure to mix oil into
fuel will mean engine won't be
lubricated and will wear it increased
rate too much oil though and you'll
start to see performance drop keep your
fuel tank well-maintained let it get too
beaten up and they will start leaking
fuel everywhere not good
I had drop in the engine this is lakeya
it's what I'm saying ah Lake here like
you like just which is right I think
it's like a it's like a if it's any if
it's named after the first dog sounds
like that makes sense
the first dog
like famous dog famous space dog famous
based on with the who died in orbiter
die for Mother Russia but you know what
that little thing didn't die because of
a rocket explosion just died you know
because dog cuz I could use dog to go
space so we couldn't quite figure it out
how to get it back down important let's
go up before it can go down yes through
that garage you got it an ignition coil
at some bad condition may struggle to
start the engine go ahead drop in the
engine
okay
learnin about my car dudu thought Matt
died because then I could thought bad
because space right right we learned a
lesson with a dog space kills you that
is water tank which provides water to
help keep your windscreen clean from
turd keep in good condition or will
start to leak water and you'll soon find
yourself driving without vision go ahead
drop in engine all right we got one
thing left here the stock engine the
engine block you've got there
Gaurav you're like a setup like a setup
engine block define score performance of
your leica including top speed and
acceleration it probably kept engine
block will mean you're likable struggle
to perform go ahead drop into engine
drop that engine into your engine drop
engine into engine ok that's everything
installed good job fill her up
well good little they're getting nowhere
without fuel we still need to fill car
with petrol oil water go collect the
more I will walk you through refueling a
car ok it's fine there we go
gas tank
good that is kind of fuel you're holding
there use that one fuel cap or fuel tank
we just installed then you'll begin
filling the car with fuel try holding it
there to fill car quicker go ahead drop
that if you're done with it can't put it
in the car no no do not give my like a
dirty filthy Ken it just might be a good
idea to like have a gas cans all over
you've got a bottle of water good job
use that that what I think we installed
then we can fill her with water okay
go and drop that if you're done with it
okay put that floor not care apparently
it's Russia
you just said any is is land of plenty
feel things everywhere just pick one up
my gosh everyone share fuel can you
can't for self the people on the fuel
cans thank you that's true yes true
risotto
makes will result in faster car but
increased via two engine which makes the
resultant opposite try using it on fuel
tank of fuel to affect the fuel mixture
I know it's JDR III can't do German
accents Soviet Russia that's fun it's
fun is fun concept Soviet Russia yes I
wanna I don't want to drop it I want to
drop thing you're done with it drop it
okay okay excellent
let's move on to tires let's go about
getting tires and car so as you can see
if you won't be getting very far without
wheels
there is Katja covering garage
bring it here and we can get started
okay okay please check under car okay
I'm waiting
go ahead under car just put put jack on
the car that that's does it look like
under car goddess is is on the road jack
is on the road but jack is not under car
very good I got it I didn't know I like
you know I'm behind you now though you
could turn around and talk to me if you
wanted to you don't have do you not have
yes comrade
okay okay
it's just weird it's weird that you're
talking about without facing me you know
good now just feel a little tired to
axle feet road tire to axle on Titan
bolt with tire iron okay
this game seems like much work good
honest Soviet work yeah for the people
comrade that's exactly what it is
honest work for the honest people I
actually would like for you too
good no can drop carjack down and we can
the same on other side of the car okay
were you get the tire sir are you
pulling them off another no they were
there in that cabinet well they'll be
twisting Kendall the same thing again
yeah I don't sorry uncle I don't I don't
need I don't need your advice at this
exact moment yeah I yeah good thing this
is a pit stop simulator says beer
Meister 20 no you know it's my first
it's my first if it is it's my first pit
stop and I think I get better as we went
along all right I'll be in car you never
want to look drunk with any spares left
over in garage you can never be too sure
but you'll need on the road jack in
there wait where did my uh I don't know
oh it's on there okay it's all right
it's all together I'll put you in there
where's all my cans I want all my cans I
knew I could take my cans with me it's
very important to me rich I can
gotta be prepared we're going on a road
trip apparently traitor
another traitor to zine she says finally
got sleep cycle an order after months
can't catch you guys and you played the
dawn of war - what was it was dawn work
no work yeah do W remember exactly what
it stood for Armstrong planks
Donna Ward - just then more importantly
was confused why you said lie but get
now I think and I'm very sorry not
intentional it's okay it's okay fine
it's a fine stream and I didn't hate the
game it's just real time real time isn't
for me when it comes to strategy games
if it makes you feel better I enjoyed
seeing stream no not controlling
interesting interesting to me to hear
other views different or not especially
from you guys
also last grenade killing boss glorious
I think trader distinctions working with
a character limit there oh yeah alright
I think we're ready to do it rich I took
there was like a bucket of water with a
sponge in it I took that too because
it's probably probably a good idea just
took all the things is there anything in
here I can take like what's this I don't
know what's the thing alright alright
yonder yonder says I can't stay and hang
up so I'll have to ask you guys to cut
it short and call in a night view I
included an extra fifty cents of the tip
to compensate for any potential lost
income cuz I respect you cannot yandi
either
anonymous says I ordered a you Soviet
area sub area they use Soviet era
Bulgarian army jacket from an army
surplus store it came with sunflower
seeds in one of the pockets there are at
least there at least 30 years old should
I eat one
yeah I would say no I didn't see what
happens in there you'll find information
regarding basic overview of like a
vehicle details of your current engine
setup listings of cargo we're currently
carrying that sort of thing you can turn
page by selecting top corners of page
will have look will have look through
the later now go ahead and drop that you
just gave it to me I'll go next you'll
leave MEP take mem this one is important
as it allows you to select which road
you'll be taking between destination as
you can see our first destination is CS
if our border crossing near Dresden okay
if marked out potential routes I know of
including weather condition in any stop
of points along route go ahead and
select one now I know this is Germany I
just don't give a shit I can't do a
German accent as you can tell I can
barely do a Russian one too it has a gas
station and good weather what's all this
sorry again you can turn pages by
selecting top corner you can have look
for later going close for now and
finally key F key to car if you pop them
into ignition she is all yours go Brad
are you coming with how was my accent
racist frequently people who speak
Russian are also white I go look how sad
he is rude
hey go standing corner in Soviet Russia
corner stand on you
Oh
and we're going we're driving need full
control of the steering yep how do you
know what your route is used oh I'm just
going I guess I don't
what
is there other gas controls yeah oh
that's even go in this door I should
pretend out the guy oh okay so I see if
I can go in this door doesn't seem to be
any other cars in this world so all
right that's fair no that's fair close
the fucking door
stare at the car and away we go
Oh see you couldn't open that strange
door I'm very sorry
well you know it's how do you know
you've if you're off your road I could
be off my route I don't know well right
now there's only one road so I'm pretty
not the door I'm pretty sure I'm on the
right route there were no like in the
map that he gave me there were no like
Forks in the road so I assume like
choosing my route just makes that just
maybe all right here out yeah that's
what I'm assuming at I you know I don't
know saying that game audio was very
quiet I would believe that well just
think enjoyed think thanks called boom
put down let's go get a tank so look
whoa what was that I don't know that was
a loud noise that's me running into
their car I don't think I'm supposed to
yeah I'm assuming that's a bugs they
expect the car to hit the price that's
funny
also I'm probably not even though
there's a little path here I'm probably
not supposed to get out of my car right
all right now I'm sorry people I wanted
to go look at the tank do be sandwich
says hey there it's but a long time
since I watched your livestream since I
work night shifts on Sundays and
Wednesdays Wednesdays for over two
months
today is my rare day off I'm making this
day come for you to thank you do me
thank you much
dooby dooby doo where are you do dice
here tonight we know I just got the
message are we haven't I asked well
we're in Germany am I supposed to be
writing on the other side of the road I
don't probably not because his cars
aren't following me this time is Lupo
sis I found the 11th difference in the
picture okay the cat on the left has
AIDS
and the one on the right secretly
planned 9/11 with the help of the CIA I
get it I get it yes just saw another one
of those things were where it's probably
something very specific and very minor
but it's just annoying like it's for
kids it's not a kid cereal you know say
it in Russian it's eggs it's it's heads
not good I saw doctor he said take pill
I said pull too expensive
he'll too expensive can only afford
suppository I say that's how I get AIDS
in the first place big bada boom the
only countries that in Europe that drive
on the left are the UK Ireland Cyprus
and Malta okay so they do they drive on
the right in Germany but it was Germany
in the UK I also I don't know what the
UK is so are you fucking kidding me I
know it's the United Kingdom but what
does it was that just England Ireland
and Scotland England Northern Ireland
Scotland Wales see I don't know I don't
know what's going on
I don't know what's going on rich I'm
just driving my car so I get what he's
saying is wait so do they drive on the
left of the right in Germany is my
question
they drive on on the right because that
wasn't one of the European countries
they list them yeah yeah can this be
confirmed by other by other chatters
that Germany drives on the right for
some reason that doesn't sound right to
me
jack is a farm boy cut some slack
so I'm smoking
you know behind me no we're gonna drug
World War 2 when the UK fought the UK no
I don't think that's true
well if Germany is in the UK that's
exactly what happened I get it
sorry sorry sorry I'm having it get back
to our July it's smoking
Oh Curtis problem that's okay you know
why because I have a bottle it's going
to die
it needs more water to thing
oh that has water Oh
oh it's just needs repairs put the water
back tales repair kit out
and chat our garius fakirs has rich
Evans wearing that weird hat that says
sex Leah sucks Sox fans like sex
unlike Cubs fans which is why you're all
virgins chicken big buck says does Mike
have any plans for a rlm co-op
internship program button age son who
loves JRPGs and I'd really like rich to
teach him how to hate these things
Rachel Rachel in the first place let's
do this
it's night time my price shouldn't be
out on the road in the middle of the
night
TC Brady 1 3 3 says Mike really seems to
love when you say hey is there anything
else that makes him laugh in real life
also
hashtag Project Hornet you'll hear about
John Horner when and if there's anything
to hear you'll hear either one that's a
success or when it's a failure just
forget about it it'll be a while
probably it's gonna take a while we are
moving forward we we have that we got
something something happen over the
weekend and so we are moving forward
with project or knit it's just you know
slow goes as far as Mike laughing can
tell you about anything specific that
always sets him off but when we were
filming the podcast video the the nerd
box video yeah he laughed every time my
head hit the TIE fighter Mike has an
unnatural love of buffoonery slapstick
buffoonery a little eyes in the chat
wants to know is this literally just a
game where you drive and maintain a
crappy car is there more to it it's
looking like a game where you drive and
maintain a crappy car yes so if I find
out more this is boring I will let you
you Motel interesting idea probably good
why did I skip the last wheel of the
worst well it doesn't really work that
way they're usually you know five or six
of us around and it's a panel of four
people you're not gonna be at every
episode yeah pretty much
no okay
just Alex sixty forces Star Trek
question of the day why is ensign ro so
goddamn hot probably because you
fetishized nose ridges would be my guess
damn which is attractive or which one of
you she was the incident room from like
part of the season before she wasn't
around anymore she was all set up to be
a main character and then and she just
wasn't for no particular yeah I don't
know what was going on behind the scenes
with that maybe they're just trying to
set her up for deep space 9 that had
never worked out when they're planning
deep space 9 okay I think she was the
first vajura we ever saw okay yeah
she was supposed to be Kira in ds9 to
someone in the chat says DK FF IV oh
yeah I could see that guy was kind of
assumed that was the case
hey I made it how did how did Mike get
the question in the chat oh my god this
thing Scrolls so fast I love that you
guys say stuff but it makes it hard to
her to read ahead and give credit where
credit is due but somebody in the chat
who once lost forever now because it
scrolled up and I'm too lazy to look
said how did Mike get the dick the
birthday boy picture an important
question be the the birthday boy picture
after my grandmother had died
and we sold her house we're getting rid
of a ton of the house is just full of
crap that were getting rid of I kind of
wanted to just clean break I I was ready
to throw out the my little family album
I just wanted to toss all that shit like
I'm done with this closing this chapter
of my life and Mike just held on to that
stuff rather than throwing it out he was
there help me clean the house yeah and
rather than let it go the trash just
took it out of the trash captain you
know cool go got him good yeah we
appreciate that now yeah yes I need to
pull up in my car sorry I thought I
needed to talk to you guys
you think it's sweet I think he just
wanted to save the dicta birthday
picture canopy both what I don't want to
use the motel it's Mike my stalker Mike
is my childhood stalker fascination with
with that baby picture of me what
everyone's fascinated with that baby
like my grandmother
yeah yeah from what I know of your
grandmother she was an interesting she
was an interesting character it's not
it's you know you have a lot of
interesting characters in your life
okay
so that picture was almost lost at I'm
like I think I had actually thrown that
picture with a bunch of others just in
the trash
oh yeah if like if Mike had had
respected your wishes that picture that
picture would be gone
they're all there if Mike had respected
my wishes there wouldn't be a picture of
me as a child with a shirt saying dude
dick me floating around the internet all
time yeah yeah yeah so good on Mike for
that whoops
oops okay Mike Mike is in in abusing
your childhood Mike has brought joy to
so many people in not respecting your
wish it wishes
mike has meds in us to us that's water
sorry Chen says da jalopy for building
of the moral fiber is good no I cannot
stop searching for 11th difference of
box of cereal is not good yet sorry
Shen Cova mmm cute approved time it
approved renegade Kira says hey guys I
have to ask ya
what happened to the Jews and lose was
it destroyed did Len take it home so we
get to keep punching jack in the face
well ever make a comeback lol Mike loves
rich I'm not sure if we even still have
them we kept it around for a while
oh did you yeah I'm not sure if we still
have it I think I think at the end of
the day the choosen lose is just a lot
less exciting than either the wheel or
the Plinko board I mean it worked for
the Len episode because it involved
punching Ryan was think that was the gag
right so unless we have another guest
whose thing is punching but then of
course would be reusing a gag right I
think the chances of seeing the chews
and lose again are low oh very how do i
how do I use my wallet
hello ma'am ma'am ma'am jack is this
less of a game than the last guardian so
far we're about on equal parts although
I did have to I I have to do some
resource management which is a more of a
game than last Guardian I right now I'm
playing the game of how do I give her
money do you need - yeah I want to tire
I bought that tire and it's 50 dollars
did I did I do it no idea didn't know I
know I went back over here see look like
wallet in car fYI that's what they're
saying
oh okay is that is that the deal that's
what I'm reading the wallet is in my cut
please return all unpaid goods before
I'm too late oh geez geez I'm H crisp
man from lorenz him in the chat says
guys the Last Guardian was an experience
yeah sure was the Last Guardian was a
test of my patience he fucking failed
well you let me know when you get bored
there is a plan B yeah I guess yeah well
I like I'd like to actually do something
in the games or we could just say fuck
it and play more Space Marine ha ha ha
do you want to give a space breeder shot
right I think it's the question jack no
I want to give this I want to give this
a legitimate chance close the fucking
door close it
am I not gonna be able to get back into
my car
okay I have my wallet now so I can
actually pay for stuff by gas to rich al
loves space marina we already played at
last stream you weren't around
apparently I did love it I floated when
it first came out actually oh you know
ages ago years ago wasn't five years oh
yeah any longer I don't know anyway I
played it before I love to I played it
last stream
I loved it again yeah I played through
the rest of the game like last night and
I loved the rest of the game except for
the last battle which is a bullshit
QuickTime event otherwise a great game
hey rich long war - on XCOM 2 is out
that's right the long war mod for ex-con
one long boil on more lot more a lot
more oh by the way our long way hey
about this long war mod I still haven't
played through XCOM 2 vanilla with all
of the DLCs yeah
I had reasons for from not really
playing long war for XCOM enemy within
unknown oh yeah I had my reasons like I
don't some of the changes they made of
attack them
I don't know if I like what they've
changed I don't know what they've done
with X come to you know I will have to
look into it so the answer is I'll have
to look into it that's fair I might have
stolen that tire I'll be honest with you
it's very possible I stole that tire
okay okay
all right I assume I need my wallet if
I'm gonna stay in the motel but of
course it's mandatory that I stay in the
motel so really so oh my let me close
your door buddy yeah fine I'm more
interested in closing your door one be
just down the hall
great okay I said yeah that's fine
mama says a bit late to mention though
everyone I know who saw the road one
review said that rich looks like he had
a job where he wears that outfit one
even asked if he borrowed the hard hat
from his real job that particular helmet
that particular hard helmet her hat
wasn't the one I used but years ago now
I was briefly in construction before
before the fuckin economy tanked and
half the people I know got laid off
I was a fire sprinkler if they're right
right I said I was an apprentice she's
only doing a couple years before the
economy tanked and half the people I
knew got laid off family I needed to put
my wallet away in my car I would like
those keys now No
okay so anyone you can just come in here
now game sleepy thing Billa hecka says I
have a friend over right now and she
just said so you watch a guy who watches
another guy play a video game what is
wrong with you so keep up the great work
guys
that's a fair point bill always a fair
point yes talk out weird shit yeah you
know we talk about a lot of weird shit
but I mean also if you have someone over
you know you can always watch the stream
later yeah and entertain the lady friend
I mean I don't have much to add on this
game yeah there's no whole lot to it yet
so alright I suppose yeah it's a
simulator that's the thing yep I was
really expecting something more can I
have the key now or that fucking you
know what fine you know what fine fuck
it leaving the key in the door I'm a
rebel rich leaving that key in the door
thanks thanks bye is it your key well
it's the key to the motel
alright did you not sleep overnight I
hey went to bed and I woke up yeah well
you're right it's still night out wait a
minute
yeah thanks for staying safe journey now
all right all right that's fine probably
glitch probably a bug I get up on the
table to get in oh no am I not gonna be
able to get in my car no kind of the
table get in front of your car my parts
there how'd you get out
yeah like that she said to maneuver it
would you park right next to I don't
understand what's going on
don't worry about it oh wait Suns coming
up it's maybe you did sleep
excuse me all right you get a nice early
start Jack yep break it down that's how
I like to roll keep it moving on to the
briquette bring it on whoa whoa shit so
couldn't you couldn't you get in your
actual car and drive across the country
and actually have that experience for
real of course I do it is yeah this is a
game we need a simulator for oh yeah
what I guess what I'm saying is there's
probably a reason that it's not worked
on much the game in general but this I
thought I discovered something secret
but I discovered was a big waste of my
time you know maybe that's what we've
what we've learned is don't need shit
should this game have not taken place in
Germany should this just be a in the
same universe as papers please take over
actually a stroker I don't Scott I think
I still sky that would yeah maybe I'm a
little more fiction signing a book and
I'm still waiting for the game to start
this is the game Jack I think we got a
problem
yeah this is experience this is what it
was like back in the communist countries
when you were driving a car sure it's
the experience papers please ha vodka
right now you're not even out of the
tutorial mission right well then you
know tutorials they really need to be
more concise oh oh you know what help I
need to roll down my window your order
Tomb Raider the first Tomb Raider I
think the second one did the same thing
but you remember uh no the tutorial was
an entirely separate thing you clicked
on from the campaign oh okay sure so you
could get that shit out of the way and
you didn't have to worry about it on
replace nice rich you're a salty fucker
well I'm I'm critical which uh-huh which
is a handy considering we we work for a
website that is critical of things yeah
okay I need to choose the route you know
yeah make all games the same or you know
just deuce to that thing that other game
did that was smart
you getting bitch that all games have
controls oh you want games of control
all games have to be the same oh ridge
this eases WASD and a mouse to look
around how unoriginal oh you want more
in one game to be 3d oh you aren't all
games be the same what a bird we're
retarded comment okay bye
don't run over the guy all right here we
go
do there's no gas in the guy you think I
got that gas all right now we got some
tips I'm gonna read this just do B
sandwich chat questioning her first okay
what what were rich in Jack's game of
the year is it do like everyone else
this is an interesting question but we
never we never did like a year anything
write about it for a bet whatever did
Game of the Year
what's your name of the Irish I don't
know I don't know what I don't know no I
this last target last year we saw both
doom and XCOM to Rio that was I I don't
know what the fuck did to say to do
there I love them both so so I don't
care how many celebrity dies died 2016
was a great year we had X come to and
and and and doom and you know what you
know Karen Karen came up here yeah
that's pretty good good for you till
then it's pretty good year for me yeah
so but if you had to choose X come to or
I can't Jack I can't I can't for very
different reasons you can't yeah so but
the nerve they're really not easy games
to compare and contrast yeah yeah I
could hear them uncharted for I would
make 100 worst of played for hours of it
I wanted a fucking gouge my eyes out
booboo was the tutorial I guess that
gonna be the excuse yep the first four
hours are the garbage and I didn't want
to play the rest of the 12 hour game
this is the first four hours were
garbage but who was the tutorial
what would you say Jack
Game of the Year I got I got two things
you got a personal game of the year and
and the the everyday game of the year
okay for me personally
overwatch was my game of the year mmm
that's what I put the most hours in I'm
still playing it and still enjoying it
overwatch for days in a close second and
something I would consider to be like
the every man's game of the year I was
doomed okay fuckin doom doom dubiduba
doom in the episode that never got made
because you know it's the end of the
year and that shit happens I did want to
talk about two games that got special
recognition for me one is inside I like
the weird flesh arm thing that I got a
big smile and chuckle out of that yeah
inside wouldn't get anywhere close to
making like all around I didn't think it
was that great what
yeah here here's what inside doesn't
become great until you get to the joke
but it's a joke that you can get to in
one sitting
sure that's fine inside gets a special
recognition to me because it was a game
I had with some of the most I had such a
good time playing we're not going I'm
not going into inside was terrible
territory I'm saying it's not gonna make
it it would like special highlight of my
year no really yeah that inside was a
highlight for me it wasn't there was a
moment in there that was hysterical yeah
yeah that was a that that took like a
really dumb simple puzzle platformer and
elevated it to something I was not
expecting and so it gets special
recognition to me for me but but but
Trump Jack what about it but from I'm
supposed to ignore every good thing that
happened to me in 2016 because Trump Wow
who I don't like I think he's a boob he
does put a taint
and stuff taint other special
recognition of the year which will be no
surprise to anyone
what dusters for you I can see that that
I would totally see that it was just
such a unique way to control a game I
loved it for afraid it wins my
uniqueness Award unique eNOS for
excellence in uniqueness dusters so that
was that was gonna be my part of the
episode his little duster his little
inside overwatch and doom is the year I
realize games can still be fun right
doom is such a fun game shit so so we're
way out here um Buster load says sup
boys be honest you guys are insane clown
posse right you're from the Midwest Jack
was a clown richest singing voice it all
adds up tell us the truth you Juggalos
LOL Faygo my day go wow yeah i'm not i
am not down with the clone no I'm not
down with the clown or the sickness yeah
the sickness is okay you're down with
the sickness sickness is okay yeah I
don't understand the whole insane clown
posse thing it's very strange to me so
no nope
nobody nope nope I know many people have
requested or recommended that we watch
their movies on best of the worst
because they make their own movies
movies TC brainy one through three says
are you guys aware that Seth Rogen
follows you on twitter our lemma count
though that was kind of cool thought
that was kind of cool
the bye bye man ah he's gonna get you oh
no - bye bye man went that's bad
hahahahaha he's gonna get you that was
the latest half in the bag as they did
goodbye was it oh I didn't actually have
much latest half in the bag yeah they do
the bye bye man and lala land okay okay
and the bye bye man if you haven't seen
the trailer for anything in a person oh
hey it looks awful it looks just awful
it's a horror movie
Tadeo excuse me
did not know seth rogen pollicis that's
cool that's great that's cool yo
nonnamous says hey did you guys play
hyper light drifter if you haven't I
really recommend it it's really straight
up your guys heli we have streamed it
before I actually like it I like it
quite a bit I would rate it higher than
inside here's what here's here's here's
why I here's why inside is a thing for
me enter the gungeon was this year yeah
you know what enter the gungeon was
after after all the time playing it yeah
that gets a solid math yeah that's what
enter the gungeon gets here's why inside
gets a special nod there's there's a lot
of talk of like experience games the
games you know yeah it's it's it's not
about the gameplay it's about the
experience but inside was one of the
only games that actually delivered on
that like the the the actual platforming
puzzle solving was was near mindless but
you hit that story point in inside and
it was wonderful it was wonderful and
the pacing was was right on everything
everything was right about that game
experience wise no love for titanfall to
last year well we don't play everything
that comes out I have not I have not
played titan fall to I am aware it
exists but I don't have an Xbox one
first thing I don't have an Xbox one
second thing even if I did have an Xbox
one I'm playing a fucking shirt or
weather controller there's been twice
like lady one time in my life I've
enjoyed a shooter with a controller and
it's it's like a major exception through
like vanquish yeah but if you watch me
play that you'll notice I use the time
stop power like fucking constantly
because I'm playing it with a controller
right so I'm not interested in playing
it on an Xbox one and thirdly I don't I
don't really run across many ads for
anything or where to buy it because it's
probably only available on origin if
it's even available on PC right I don't
don't you see a origin because I don't I
don't trust ei like at all so it just
hasn't been anywhere in my peripheral
vision titanfall - right because it's on
origin look at the chat you had yeah I
know I I talked about a bang on PC and
why I hadn't played it on PC there's a
hope today it's 60 bucks that I would
have to go out of my way to play for a
game that there it wasn't super
interested in it the first place are we
going to play neo that souls like
samurai game Jack yeah we are okay
Jack's Jack is very interested in the
meal I am very interested in looks good
I saw a video clip of it it looks looks
like a fine thing yeah yeah it's fun it
looks like fun
time we are planning on playing neat Oh
neat oh hi oh I you know I hope it's I
hope it is like Dark Souls I really
enjoy the Dark Souls combat system I
have a introjection but I'm not gonna
interrupt you for it oh and but I'm
worried it's more just gonna be kind of
a hacky /e which also could be fun like
yeah so go ahead thinking thinking a
little bit outside of the box yeah it's
raining oh yeah you have a cup for water
right do you have a way to replenish
water can you catch rain I'm just
thinking ahead yeah yeah like that JJ
are our Lovecraft says all odd from
Clift Cthulhu talk Wow yeah yeah that
was worthwhile that was worthwhile use
of your money sir you did it whatever
did Dubey sandwich says rich if someone
offers you to be the voice of the
Showbiz Pizza bear for an independent
chuck-e-cheeses animated short
would you do it fYI showbiz ohms Chuck I
know I know they do um how much money
are they offering sure um I'll be a
fucking sellout it's not selling out if
you're okay with it to begin with I
don't know why anybody would want to use
my voice to advertise something though
you barely understand what I'm saying
like a third of the time they have a neo
neo demo out if you want to try it do we
we tried and it was too late to get the
dumb horse on the rear yeah the the demo
was only a limited time thing we almost
we almost streamed it the demo yeah we
had the ps4 set up and everything okay
by the way I cannot refill my water
bottle it was a I was a pod it was just
a thought it was a good thought by the
way okay oh wait no that it's empty I
figured there might be something gamey
and possibly going on here somewhere
still wait for it how's the waiting for
a game II puzzling things I am thinking
maybe weird
oh so the same there's a new demo oh
there's a new demo oh well I mean we're
I'm gonna play it I don't need a new
demo which can you do a Mickey Mouse
impression Oh No huh I'm stupid Wow I
don't know why anybody likes me oh I'm
so fucking boring
goddammit I have to buy oil again cuz my
oil disappeared let's get some gas
rich you can download it right now pay
attention
we're checkers playing this I know you
probably hate this is it gonna be
available on PC Nihon oh he mean as far
as right now it's a ps4 food we don't
have the ps4 here you're shit out of
luck
I appreciate you letting us know that we
can use the demo again maybe a different
stream but right now it's impossible I
apologize
need oil thank you
have oil
developers have really perfected the
gray wet miserable look of Germany UK
apparently knee oil now that's the new
Hideo Kojima game is called sick bird
sick burn by E so does the car breakdown
just so you have something to do oh my
oh my god this is I know this is bad
because they're now asking you to play
dusters oh wow if they'd rather see dusk
or something is very very wrong
I am sorry everyone yeah you know I'm
gonna I'm hope I'm just I'm still hoping
for a game obviously you know let's put
that back
sorry Jen says speaking of samurai so
how about that phoenix wright also jack
yeah what cereal brand is this box it
was it was Target brand generic cinnamon
toast crunch that is the that was the
the cereal it was something called like
crunchy cinnamon nice squares or
something like that did did you post a
picture on the Twitter's I did post
picture on so you can see the picture on
the the previously recorded Twitter's
yep
all right this way which way should you
go now jack heyo are you feeling lonely
Kenneth are you feeling scared
driving car in the rain that this game
in Soviet Russia you just drive car in
Soviet Russia games are boring so you
know how good you have it it's like I
think I get where he's going with this
game it's like we're telling you this
could be your life but really it is oh
how sad
the game here is guessing when Jack will
finally get done giving this game a
chance
what's up time
what's up time what is he up time when
did we start six ish yeah at 7:29 right
now yeah they hate Phoenix right now we
don't hate Phoenix right you know what
we had a fun time playing Phoenix right
it was that one puzzle and really it
didn't sour us on Phoenix right it just
it just pissed us off that day we do not
hate Phoenix right and we had a game
playing I know I know
I was all set to do voices for this but
the only guy who talked left the game
like an hour and a half ago yeah when I
get to the second town like I figured
this game will be boring but at least I
can probably do funny Russian voices
yeah that was a good business that was
boy whoa did the Packers lose oh thank
you for cheering me up
oh the Packers it's it's better when
they lose for a non sports fan or a non
Packers fan because when they lose
everyone just shuts up if they would
have won and made it to the is next one
the Super Bowl if they would have made
it to the Super Bowl it just would have
been more nonsense more go local sports
team nonsense which I just could not
give two fucks about
so you know good for you if not rich
complain about final fantasy Wow Wow you
know you know what liven things up what
let's talk about politics oh Jesus
Christ
Wow that's what we're God because the
game yeah that's what we got we got we
got Trump Jack we got Trump do you want
to talk about it well you what you were
- we started talking a little bit
earlier about the massive protest yep
they're saying something like you know
all the marches around the world at
least in the United States they're
saying something like two and a half
million people in the streets angry I
think at best it's useless
ad worst it's it's harmful harmful even
it's what is it a why are people
protesting what I like what are people
protesting what are they produce what
are they protesting well it's it's not
they're not just protesting Trump
they're protesting his his policies what
like are you sure what like what do you
mean well so like the the women's March
yeah that was kind of like the the big
who do what policy are they protesting
well Trump has been pretty vocal about
like taking away or taking away health
care rights taking away Roe visas versus
Ray the the right for a woman to choose
their there are female equality and
health care issues that I think was the
impetus for this March in particular
when you look at this from the outside
it looks like people are just whining
because Trump won and they don't like
Trump it's it looks very childish I mean
I disagree obvious it it comes off
looking like crybabies having a fit
because their purse
didn't win the election and popular vote
aside he won fairly that electoral vote
has been built into the system from I
start of the country absolutely fairly
won the election absolutely even even
you know with all of the allegations it
comes off
exactly as childish as like when Obama
won want to see that birth certificate
we are now seeing we are now seeing the
flipside no well that was racism he
doesn't look like an American he's not
an American we need to see proof
Americans who have never had they've
never seen a black person before who was
born in America but yeah that's never
happened right they that's why that
birther thing was a big deal rich and
that's that's just how it is know so for
me the protest made a lot of sense I I
don't like this reaction I do because
because of course because home you were
I might read I don't know I don't know
what I'm gonna do like to me to me it's
not whining what you what you are doing
is showing support for policies you
would like to see enacted and so like
let's say you're you're you have a big
group of people who all want the same
thing a woman's right to choose is well
that's the one thing that will thrown
out there right and you get all together
and then politicians see that there's a
big group of people who are willing to
go out and walk for this is is a big
part of their constituencies so then
they will push for those policies to be
enacted in their district like you know
that's why they're like Madison in the
big cities and so you know oh oh okay a
bunch of people want this this is
something that me as a politician if I
want to keep my job I will push for that
they won't rate change Trump's mind at
all of course cuz he's you know he's far
gone but it will invigorate the
opposition to Trump I I think yeah if
you were on the left side of things the
left side of things yeah you should be
looking on the inside right now
this-this-this crying about Trump like
like once he starts actually doing
something stupid in office then you can
drag out the protest signs and protest
the whatever thing he did you don't like
right now for what it just seems
childish for another thing just disagree
instead of bitching about Trump the left
needs to take a look at itself you know
Hillary Clinton could not beat ex
reality star orangutan right right
there's a reason for that and we've
talked about this before and there's
more of a reason for that than just her
unlike a bill that the the Democratic
side of things needs to get its own shit
and order I agree on I agree with that
but it has way more to do it has it's
way bigger picture than just Hillary
Clinton not being likable the people you
need to win over yeah to get on your
side are looking at the the women's
March and they're seeing crybabies the
people you need to win over you know
you're not doing anything for the people
who already agree with you yeah we know
a lot of people hate Trump everybody
everybody fucking knows that right and
so would you what you would prefer
people do is not do anything is oh you
know what how about would they just say
how maybe write an angry thing on
Facebook you're right that'll take care
of it a little bit better or they could
get out there and do something to show I
would I would not make yourself look bad
and and shoes
choose your million women marches more
carefully yeah and have a clear message
of what you're speaking out against I
guess because it this looks like nothing
other than where we're sad we lost the
election is how this looks I you know I
didn't see it that way and I don't think
the people marching saw it that way
either they see they see the direction
that Trump is heading and before you
know like what what you're saying is you
know what
till he does something bad then go out
but if you haven't if you have a chance
to even just slow down the process of
him doing something bad wouldn't you do
that
I wasn't slowing down exactly it's a
reaction to right yeah currently it's a
reaction to nothing that has happened
yet well he just came in office yes
right so so the flag comes off as
whining so start the ball rolling
they're not gonna you're not gonna the
March isn't gonna keep him from taking
office of course not
they did it after he took office the
March is not gonna keep him from taking
office and the marches aren't going to
stop him mmm they're not gonna change
Trump's mind at all yeah like I said
it's about energizing and and organizing
the opposition to trump and so for all
those people you know that your Congress
people your Senators right there are
there are some people who are trying to
play the fence game say well maybe we
can work with Trump maybe we can do this
you know because they they're still
reading the territory and that so that
was a signal from the voters to say hey
we this is you know this is the
direction we want to go we are or we
will be strong in numbers and we will be
organized I'm saying if they're people
though you want to win over to your way
of thinking yeah I don't think this is
doing anything to help you this is this
is it to me it seems like preaching to
the choir
it's preaching to the choir and I don't
think it's gonna do anything useful I
guess I get and that might just be
another point where we disagree you know
as far as look as far as like the people
you need to live to win over right
Hillary won by close to three million
votes the popular vote she won the
popular vote by by by close to three
million votes she got more votes than
Obama did in in uh you know eight No
well in twelve
we wouldn't have to talk about politics
if we played a fun game settle down
settle down my children's so these like
magical people that you're talking about
that that we needed to win over I don't
think there's just that many of them yep
there were there were massive
gerrymandering efforts on the Republican
side to rezone districts there was a
there was a muckraking conspiracy by the
Russians to cast doubt on Clinton's
viability as a candidate there was this
massive effort against Hillary Clinton
and she still won the popular vote by
more than three million votes you know
how how like with with gamers and with
people who love movies
yeah if with the Internet in general
yeah if you don't absolutely love
something yeah that means you hate it
sure okay sure oh yeah like like if
you're if you're say like lukewarm on a
Star Wars movie voters are the same way
voters are the same way hmm and there
are a lot of people who if they were
saner would be on the fence but they're
they're gonna they're gonna pick an
extreme because that's what everybody
fucking does no and then you you see
something like this protest and that's
you know guy look at those crybabies I'm
went from I heard it
wasn't wasn't that game awesome that was
fucking awesome did they did they lose
by a large number how big was the number
they lost by was it was it more than
double oh sorry
I'm sorry if you were Packers fan I saw
part of it before heading over here I
had a good chuckle prom with the
doorbell I heard it yeah I didn't hear
the doorbell I just heard like footsteps
I probably do well we were talking about
politics which is fine we can we can
stop now if you come in we don't have to
talk about politics I'm playing a very
boring all right I'll stop this game
rich play the Valkyrie or whatever
that's fine stop this this is boring you
know what I'll just play some more Space
Marine bad there's a time and a place to
learn something sure alright it's it's a
game called jalopy and it's about like
you drive this car in like mid 90s
Germany it's a it's a piece-of-shit car
and things start to break down and you
need to like buy new parts for it and
stuff and like fix the parts and put gas
in it and stuff and then that's it
and I haven't like there's no way to get
more money to pay for stuff so I don't
really know how that works and I know
how you drive it's all very very if they
click on the steering wheel first all
you have to start the car first
our battery our batteries dead and you
don't want it's fit saving quantity so I
was I was waiting for like something to
happen in the game like hey all right
like okay maybe I have to do a quest to
earn some money here no but just go to
the next town and nothing
yes that's life not a video game that's
why I play video games hold on let me
get you a microphone

[Part II]
do wanna give Jay a camera Jay you wanna
be on camera I just want to talk okay
you're the that's broken
apparently oh yeah okay so just make
sure that doesn't fall off the thing so
it's just on the couch but it shouldn't
it shouldn't really fall off the thing
why am I getting a tampon commercial we
ran a commercial because we never run
commercials
you can run commercials in the middle of
streams if you feel like it I always
forget like we're talking we're talking
about stuff
so you're still streaming right now
right are you gonna commercial I think
it's probably over by now yeah space
hurry oh yeah I was at a friend's house
for that game yeah there's a bunch of us
there and by the start of the second
half no notes or even talking anymore oh
oh there's there's there's a Satan in
the building rich and I as a non Packer
fan as a nun sports fan I also enjoy
that they lost because then everyone
shuts up about if they would have no
problem with people being excited about
something Jack cuz they don't shut up
about it and then you know you like you
watch the local news to be like what's
the weather gonna be like tomorrow just
talking about the Packers and it's about
pecker pecker back Francis shut the fuck
it's a big deal I guess they could have
gone to the Super Bowls Jack what all
the Super Bowls one of the suit want oh
well there's just one of them
now all one of them they could have gone
to yeah yeah it's fine
so you went to be fest yeah it was great
well well the first half was great it
was very front-loaded this year we're
just like the first like 12 hours or so
it was like one really great movie after
another that's great and then the second
half was like lots of duds Oh like you
know those best the worst movies when we
don't know anything to say and we
gameboard yeah a lot of those
okay it was fine and then they ended
would they live which is of course too
good for B fests yeah but I'm not gonna
complain but it's they live in a theater
with a really receptive audience that
played really well it was great cuz like
B fest you know everyone's just like
yelling at the screen all the time and
stuff yeah and make in front of the
movies but everyone was just like into
they live because it's they live right
there's a few jokes here and there but
most of the time everyone was just like
laughing with the movie right it was
really great do you think that was the
organizers wanting to end on a high note
or do you think that they thought that
was a legitimate B movie
well somebody sponsored it and so if he
sponsor movie you know I think if they
can pay to get it in they'll play it
yeah
but I'm wondering if someone sponsored
it because it's kind of a political
movie and it's maybe more so relevant
right now sure it's related to that or
if it's just a coincidence but man it
played great with a crowd oh great oh
they live what happened it's close B
fest would they live with B first would
they live that's that's the thing is
it's too good of a movie but yeah I'm
not gonna complain about seeing they
live in a theater bunch of people that
were totally annuity' they live has some
of the most compelling filler of any
movie I've ever seen because you know 70
percent of the movies filler there's so
there's a couple key scenes that are
fantastic yeah I like the the filler
scenes though I like the whole movie
that's what I'm saying that's what I
realized realized is like the way the
movie is structured I didn't realize how
great it is until seen like an audience
respond to it because like the first
half
is kind of slow and dry before he gets
sunglasses yeah but once he gets those
sunglasses and there's the great scene
of him you know discovery know what's
going on and then he kills the cops and
they takes they're gone and then he like
goes into the bank and that's the bubble
gum line yeah and like everything after
that like all the humor kicks in like
everything plays great and so it's like
that first half works because it's like
just a slow build-up to it getting
completely silly it makes it more
satisfying when he finally just starts
unloading on these these aliens good oh
yeah and I didn't mean that
Oh compelling filler it's it's the 100%
filler but it's great but maybe yeah
that well that played great too because
it seems like it's gonna end like three
or four different times when they start
fighting again well thank you cinnamon
just posted a bee fest line up oh yeah
have you ever heard of action Jackson
with Carl Weathers I'd heard of it
fuck yeah love action Jeff oh you've
seen it oh yeah I was I knew the title
but I'd never seen it I didn't know
anything about it have you ever seen it
I've heard of it it's like late 80s like
it was trying to be like an action
franchise for Carl Weathers
it didn't really pan out but it's kind
of Awesome yeah the end of the movie I
just think Craig T Nelson is the bad guy
in it and the end of the movie is he has
like a big party it is his mansion or
whatever and Cara weather shows up and
he drives I don't know what type of car
some sort of you know fancy like
Lamborghini or something
drives it through the front door of his
house like breaks through the front wall
of the house drives the car up the
stairs and down a hallway into correctiy
Nelson's bedroom and then they get out
and fistfight well they have guns but
then like Kirk T Nelson throws down his
gun and he's like we're gonna you know
fight like men yeah yeah so then they do
that for a while until they get really
tired and then they just shoot at each
other give up on the whole honor thing
Space Marine Warhammer 40k Space Marine
so many Warhammer games was when we
played last time oh I know I just have
to find that I'm updated Space Marine
there's a million-in-one Warhammer games
you know I just wanna update punch
things in the face wait you grew up not
seeing any movies how did you see action
Jackson it's a good question that's a
random one that is a random one uh it
must been something that I saw at Jake's
house he got all the good movies they he
had HBO like back in the day that's like
made for HBO movie right yep and so he
would you know record all the movies off
of HBO and just have stockpiles and we
were obviously super into predator and
so just there's a natural progression
action Jackson's a predator reunion it's
got like cuz Carl Weathers is in it and
Bill Duke who's like the bald black dude
that's incredible yeah and then Billy
from predator oh yeah one who like cuts
his chest you know yeah he shows up in
action Jackson for a sec oh man that's
great yeah I remember loving acting
Jackson yeah it was really fun it almost
felt like a parody of 80s action movies
maybe that's why I didn't do so well
yeah they weren't ready for you it's
Kali commando where it's like it knows
it's silly belly back it was Carl
Weathers commando yeah how was your you
were in Madison right I was in Madison
for the for the beer and cheese festival
the it Smith beer and cheese festival we
were making a video I would have gone
just to go cuz it's insane oh yeah
there's like a hundred and twenty
breweries and then another 30 to 40 like
cheese makers and chocolate makers and
you buy a ticket and you just get to
drink til you die or they close the door
listen Madison were there doing the
protesting oh shit
uh are you sure it wasn't a wine tasting
we just got into that rich and where's I
had to go that where was it like
downtown is that the Alliant Center
okay so close it was close - close ish
to where the protests were but you know
we were inside drinking we didn't give a
fuck about politics or nothing no sure
there was a nice thing about beef s
that's the smart choice yeah it was nice
we're a lot were locked in a tiny room
watching terrible movies what better way
to take your mind off of it yeah it was
nice but it was great it was super fun
you know obviously I was working so I
couldn't drink too much but you know
that all the vendors are super excited
to see us we're making a video for the
place with the pass me a beer guys who
they all know because they all are in
the beer industry yeah and so Nick and
Tim with goddamn celebrities well that's
probably like every every two seconds
someone will stop and get a picture
taken with them
this was their comic-con you know so
that was great and just ton of beer and
you know just have a little bit oh oh
that tastes great oh yeah and just you
just you you're drunk you're drunk all
day and I'm really hoping the footage is
in focus because is it all did he say is
it all in Wisconsin beers are like all
over there's a lot of local breweries
like em gay brewing is there like grunt
is there a lot of even smaller ones but
from all over the six point people were
there and I've talked about their beer
resin many times I love my favorite it's
that tiny green can of gasoline my
favorite beer and like the brewer was
there I was like listen I don't want to
get gout but your behavior you know like
meeting a celebrity meeting an actor
that you love this it's Monique stomp
your beer so much and he let me try some
of their resin hi-rez which is like a
new higher alcohol version of resin
which is already high which is already
like nine percent so this is even higher
out
not even on the shelves yet how Rises
like I think it's it's over ten Oh God
I've at that point I was drinking way
too much so I don't even know but it was
great I'm assuming you guys just stayed
in Madison that night though we did just
stayed in Madison oh yeah
no I had a very nice hotel I had a had a
very interesting evening so after the
festivities were all the hammered and we
go well first we go back to the hotel
the shower because the the the guys have
just been doused in beer all day the the
bit with this video is how many
different ways to drink a beer can we
think of and so we have different props
and whatnot I'm feeling a squirt gun
with beer and stuff like that
so they go home we go back to the hotel
shower then we go to the after party and
then after the after-party we're talking
with one of the vendors there and and
she goes hey what are you guys doing
after the after-party you were saying
fuck it's going to bed go to bed because
we're old men and she's like check this
out I know this place
this uh this place having a burlesque
show drunk a little burlesque show we're
like we like boobs unless shows are
classier than that Jack but still boobs
mister so get with it but you know it
sounded like fun and why not she was
very nice and so okay yeah we staff
we've got some to eat and we went to the
burlesque show
we pull up near the burlesque show and
and some things to set up beforehand is
we're not the kind of people who like to
go out to like dance clubs okay like you
know oh we like bars well we're more sit
drink and talk kind of people right so
we said do you think that there's gonna
be a place at the
or we could just sit drinking talking
maybe you know catch the burlesque show
out in the distance a absolutely no
crime
okay great so we pull up to this place
and it is like brightly lit neon
corridor filled with a lot of men who
are very scantily dressed okay and she
showed us a poster and it had a lady on
and so we're like that's that's weird
all right but you know we're very very
drunk at this point sure and and we go
in and there's a cover charge so we pay
the cover charge and we start seeing a
lot more very handsome men wearing only
Underpants and all the wall art is
handsome men in Underpants
and then we start seeing furries
honest-to-goodness like animal head
tails coming out of their underpants are
you into a gay furry burlesque show
didn't you there wasn't even a burlesque
show this Betty just took us to a gay
bar where'd the burlesque show come into
like why did they just say it was a
burlesque show I have no fucking idea
you were deceived
we were bamboozled yeah we were
bamboozled and you know like I was
willing to roll with the punches like
maybe there's a men and women's
burlesque show maybe there's a burlesque
show at the gay bar that's fine Sharon
but no it was it wasn't even a bar he
was a club it was like a dance club
it was the cranium I ate my brother
who's a little more conservative than me
was just like out well you know the the
lady who brought us there bought us a
drink I was like let's just stay for
drink and maybe maybe the burlesque show
will happen maybe the women will come
out eventually
maybe maybe as a Z list internet
celebrity yeah I would not want photos
of me floating around that we're taking
that
a gay furry bar that you think fine but
I could deal without the attention sure
well you know it was fine the the real
center of it was because it was a club
it was a dance club there was no place
just to sit and talk and drink yeah like
it was all see that would be enough to
make me want to leave is this like gay
or straight I wouldn't want to be stuck
at some dance club yeah and and we found
a few like ladies also wearing scantily
clad outfits like lingerie ladies that
probably shouldn't be but that's a whole
nother story don't body shame yeah I did
you know what I just did you're putting
it out there I'm receiving an on putting
it out there but you know so that was
the other thing where I was like not
only like no burlesque show there's no
place just to sit and drink and talk we
did what we wanted to do and so just
like we're going now we have to leave
and go now yep it was it was a classic
jaebum and biue so that's how that's how
our night ended but you know what now
you've had that experience Oh boom
and over overall it was a very fun time
just and you know like it's just a weird
way to end the night yeah and then like
we're taking an uber back to the hotel
and the uber driver starts talking shit
about all the protesters calling them
like whiny babies or whatnot and I'm
drunk and so I'm arguing back with him
because like they're obviously not whiny
baby through trying to do something with
their lives well regardless of opinion
uber drivers shouldn't be get into that
state yeah that's how you end up with a
with a low with a low rating right yeah
so so that's all that happened people
started getting pissed so we went to the
bar at the hotel and then a guy at the
bar at the hotel was like probably on
the autism spectrum and it was just was
talking way too much wanted to be best
friends with this nice spiral well you
should have said to him is like hey
we're actually gonna go out maybe you
could meet us at this awesome club
there's gonna be a burlesque show
there's actually gonna be a burlesque
show we'll meet you there and
show up boom and he beat the bamboozled
won so yeah it was great it was great
got to drink a lot of really delicious
beer have some cheese cheeses from
around the world nice and I met some
nice people overall bamboo yeah BAM
absolutely bamboozled bamboozled
bamboozled we were bamboozled all right
let's see here
where were we
Chuckie Cheese we did that Phoenix right
anonymous says not to say this game is
boring not about this game and when I
was playing bit boring jalopy game but
I've been game it was so I'm so sorry
everyone
that happens sometimes you take a risk
it was a now we know how do you know
you're going to a gay furry Club who did
she show up that was that was the spirit
like we were just making that to say
like how maybe we could just sit and
drink and then and they weren't in the
full furries that just the heads and the
tails and underpants how much do you
need I'm trying to decide which would be
weird or like full furry costume or just
head tail in underpants yeah right you
know it's probably weirder what the tail
was probably coming out of a butt plug
yes
probably probably and that's you know
that's if that's what you do that's fine
but like that that that they walked past
just as we were like so we could stay
okay we're gonna we're just gonna leave
now that's fine but they were saying oh
so
ja jalopy was boring did you know that
the joy of painting with Bob Ross has
623,000 more views than prereq right now
Bob knows how to keep it exciting
they do not a marathon that's just a
good show just twitch the stream Bob
Ross they did like a year ago they had
like a marathon when they first unveiled
like twitch creative yeah but I think
maybe he just has a channel that that
goes well he doesn't have anything he's
dead he's dead for a while exam I just
play is all that so I think they just
loop his episodes they are very calming
24/7 or they have hours for it
jab jab jab I know what I'm doing the
night just listening to listen and enjoy
painting these great it is great it
really is honestly what did they call
that way where it's like soft talking it
as me ASMR yeah
there's anything watching right I don't
know I don't even think ASMR I don't
know a lot about it I don't think it's
just voice stuff I think it's like
noises like it's like soothing noises
like it could be someone like opening a
box and like slowly I think it's always
that unless maybe the check and correct
me I think it's like more than just
vocal stuff oh I thought I was just
calmly talking about I think that's
probably the biggest thing but I think
there's more to it okay Sunday and
Monday they stream random episodes but
apparently that's great and of course
he's beating us he's great he should he
should you can learn very important life
lessons from Bob Ross we don't make
mistakes we just have happy accidents
rewind shock know that job's been played
out so I'm okay that the mods deleted
that and get it together if you're gonna
if you're gonna tell like a dumb drunk
like that at least make it like a joke
that hasn't been recycled on every
single web forum for the past three days
how about that game child UK says was at
the Women's March in Chicago I was happy
to do it
Trump hasn't done anything yet but his
and his GOP platform is horrible rich is
right though DNC needs not to force a
candidate on to us the eye eyes on mage
says God bless you for our LM not
living in California or a coastal state
okay okay rich speaks your mind while
Jack doesn't walk up and leave because
of a disagreement that's true we can
disagree disagree it's a friendly
disagreement we get along zactly that's
what we're all talking about you have to
have the same opinion and if you don't
then you have to hate each other that's
the way yeah shit and also if you don't
like a movie it means that you think
it's the worst movie ever and if you
think of movies okay it means that you
you love it and if there's nothing
there's no gore you hated that's that's
all there's the only options I've hated
movies I've liked wait a minute what
it's like the life line and Donnie Darko
or this just the two extremes if you
hated one movie but liked another movie
that had some similarities
you're an inconsistent critic that's the
one I always think of is a Suicide Squad
yeah it's complaining about the music in
that I like the first did you ever see
it I'm going to but I haven't again but
like the first 10 minutes it's like like
five different pop songs like one after
the other and says complaining about the
you know how poorly use the pop songs
are in it uh-huh and I don't know why
this one comment stuck out to me where
they're like you complain about the pop
songs and this but you love guardians of
the galaxy question mark so yeah I guess
they will they also both have actors in
it so I guess I have to like of equal no
I do I remember that part in guardians
though where it was like a barrage of
modern-day pop songs right at the
beginning yeah not just one extended
sequence of a classic rock songs just a
barrage the fact that the use of the
songs actually has some sort of like
emotional resonance with the character
that's kind of nice I mean I guess if
you want to like read a little too much
into it but they build that pop songs in
it so that means I have to like both of
them or hate both of love that's really
cool II that's true that's true
both were shot using video cameras yes
so get it together
all right who also Metal Gear Rising has
a topical and so if we wanted to have a
topical stream we could play Metal Gear
Rising says I've on mage game child ukj
and Jack do review on clerks at
lightning fast counter with green screen
quick stop behind you in black and white
or do regular review format we don't do
one clicks we should do when I clicks
I'm absolutely done with that also get
patton oswalt back if possible he's
awesome he's welcome whenever he wants
to come on
abso-freakin'-lutely for first base open
invitation the patton oswalt absolutely
first face cop we went to him he's a
busy fella he fit us in between like
three other shoots yeah and we had him
for 10 minutes but he stayed for about
12 because he liked hanging out yeah he
made time it always is pretty great
amazing the scheduling hurdles we have
to go through though just to get that 10
minutes was quite a big quite a big deal
yeah he's a busy busy man
I think he's going on tour soon so maybe
if he comes close we can stagger be
great I'm best the worst that's it
that'd be a big ass
that would be a huge never be impossible
ask right that's such a time commitment
it is we have a full day your life
you're gonna waste it you get to you
have to sit on a couch with us so you
can see you can gain nothing well
propping up a shitty web show those
creatures are fun yeah
Space Marine well what's the full name
Warhammer 40k is the franchise oh it's a
Warhammer yeah Warhammer 40k Space
Marine suicide gremlins no suicide
bomber grandmas they're great
I just love your big dumb marine look I
know what's great he's an action figure
you know like like his points of
articulation and everything no he's a
living action figure
yeah I mean if they thought a little bit
about the armor being usable yeah yeah
we didn't update the overlay and well
we'll get on maybe or we'll forget or
you just won't or we just photos all
right jalopy gets really strange there
now you could thank Jay for recommending
the witch man from Lauren some wants to
thank you for recommending the witch it
was great
oh yes the witch is so good it's so good
you don't even know
I don't everyone should watch the witch
it's a I've heard it's super awful yeah
who'd you hear that from dummies the
internet told me yeah oh yeah it's very
boring I was watching I was watching
some podcast about Star Wars and I said
that rogue one was great but the witch
suck and then they talked about other
Star Wars things for another three hours
Oh what else well sister to talk about
exactly but like just for a brief second
they go I mean compared to the witch
they couldn't even spell it right you
know the bitch get the good together
can't understand where anyone's saying I
tried to by official the witch
merchandise and they didn't even have
any toys how I wanted to play I wanted
to be the vivid someone posted I don't
think they actually exist but someone
posted I think it was the company that
put out the which may that puts an image
of like the which action figures I don't
think they actually exist that they do
they're just sort of like a niche thing
oh sure that it was neat a small run for
yeah for hardcore fans yeah well they do
you have some of those like the where
they look like the old like like 80s
action figures where you can get
what are they called reaction figures we
get like Freddy Krueger oh yeah yeah
like Jason and all sorts of stuff like
that
awesome oh yeah I think I said they had
Back to the Future ones that like the
Star Wars Kenner ones yeah that's what
they look like yeah and there's like ah
yeah then back to the future they have
Goonies yeah I know what you're talking
about those are fun right hardcore says
that they're the one that links you to
those stories on Twitter oh thank you
they go I do want to see the footage my
list has grown far too long yeah and I
just got doomed oh yeah we got a lot of
doomed I'm so excited
doomed the story of how Roger Corman's
the Fantastic Four yeah it was made I
got oh that that's done I got the
documentary nice yes it just came a
weekend and I wasn't able to watch it
because I said uh Madison where is that
available is that digitally anywhere
like Amazon or something or no I think
it is I know you got you got the blu-ray
but I think I think digital I think I
saw it on iTunes at least it's iTunes
I'm sure it's on Amazon yeah the blu-ray
has a ton of bonus stuff yeah standed
interviews with Roger Coleman he's an
old blue thering man it by this point
he's still very articulate is it yeah oh
yeah Roger Corman is an intelligent guy
he's very very relaxing the way he talks
amsr summer Emerson was rumored Roger
Corman ASMR that's every time he says
anything let me tell you about this
picture I made in 1972 yeah I need like
if I had two full days if I had two full
days with with no work to do and the
wife and kids gone like I could probably
watch every movie that I need to want
what else is on your list I want to
watch Suicide Squad I know it's gonna
suck but I just wanna I wanna watch it I
still have Noah oh yeah that I borrowed
from here we're going to watch the good
guys I haven't seen
which I know that I still know well I'm
a vacation I finally saw arrival
oh yeah that's forever which I loved oh
good and I saw did you see moonlight I
have not seen moonlight I've heard good
things you might yeah well I've also
heard it's kind of like like the new
boyhood where it's like there's not a
lot of story to it there's no story yeah
it's all slice of life character thing
which can be fine it depends on the
other you know aspects of the movie the
acting is really great the the character
study is very fascinating I just don't
give a shit about the subject matter and
I like it I like a story yeah you know
so but it's it's very good if you like
it it's great no no you're right you're
right it sucks and and it's the worst
it's sort of the worst thing ever and
because I didn't like it I'm racist Jack
you have to like it I have to like it
all right
where where is that I knows that so you
keep telling me about your tape in your
next J how people do that or they bother
you if you don't read their tip like
immediately we remind people that
sometimes tips lead to conversations
right is the whole reason why people
want to see in the first place yeah calm
down that's my god
J you should not read it now I'll teach
you how's he gonna teach these people
keep on in line look look that
discussion about doomed and the which is
all fine and good but what's really
important is that we bring up their tip
where they tell me I need to play the
long war mod you're right you're right
that's what's really important to know
that the long war mod for XCOM 2 is out
now
is the official the official unofficial
mod for the popular unofficial mod for
the first XCOM is not about 4x time it's
still unofficial not made by fire axis
but they have officially endorsed it as
an unofficial mod
officially officially because it was
such a popular unofficial mod for the
first XCOM game which was in fact itself
a reboot of the old XCOM series what I'm
just I'm just gonna keep that's tip
right until oh you know what I got so I
I'm not done with the season yet but I
finally watched a little bit of ash vs.
Evil Dead Season 2 oh yeah
got to that morgue oh god that is so
ridiculous
have you read anything about the season
finale you know I got completely fucked
rich was telling me a little bit about
and apparently the original the
showrunner yeah the original idea was
interesting yeah that cuz I didn't read
about that till after I saw I saw the
season finale I was like that's
confusing yeah I was like what is
happening and then I read that and I was
like oh that sucks yeah like so that's
kind of disappointing but the rest of
the season is pretty good I'm enjoying
it a lot more than I enjoyed the first
season mostly because I think I'm
finished watching this time yeah
and that was my big problem the first
season is I feel like the show needs to
be longer than a half an hour yeah but
when you've been to watch it's almost
like you're watching it along her show
right so but I'm enjoying it so far well
I I just got to what's her husband's
name
the father of her children the bad guy
ball-ball I just got the ball okay
he's kind of a letdown as a villain yeah
well it seems that threatening well I
think it probably have been fine if they
shot the season finale yes the way they
wanted yes it feels like it's building
towards something and then it kind of
just deflates er disappointing but I'm
still Bruce Campbell hamming it up so
it's kind of all you really be I mean
for that Morgan so it might be all worth
it yeah that was holy and that was a big
fight to keep that in if you're in the
interview with the showrunner really yep
yeah cuz Rob Tapper who is Sam Raimi and
Bruce Campbell's partner who's back way
back from the original Evil Dead hmm
he's sort of a cos Sam Raimi's obviously
off doing his own stuff right and Bruce
Campbell's acting so he's like the main
producer of the show and I guess there
was like constant conflict between him
and the showrunner really about yeah so
it kind of sucks that the series is
being slightly sabotage by one of the
original creators of the Evil Dead
franchise it was too silly
II was worried that the show would get
too silly and that's the point
people fucking won do you want to now
try and make something that's like the
original Evil Dead like what so you what
you have is a is an original creator who
doesn't understand you have a Lucas Oh
terrible yeah I figured this was like
this was like stars suits saying no no I
think they're all based on interviews
and stuff their whole reason with going
with stars is cos stars was going to
leave them alone and let them do
basically whatever they wanted oh that's
amazing
Martin stars Park Row yeah which I guess
is what stars has done pretty much like
they did that's why they went with them
because you know as much gore as they
wanted and swearing and whatever else oh
yeah so yeah no the problem is with with
Rob Tapert which sucks
how interesting yeah how interesting see
what happens next season you see I'm a
little nervous about it yeah yeah so far
this season - it has been an upside I
didn't much care for season 1 but this
season 2 has been an upswing for me
really like season one it might like
season two more it won't slow in the
middle yeah yeah not a whole lot happens
story wise yeah all right
that's for real now Jay how much of the
written twin peak stuff have you read
none coops tapes
Laura's diary none the oral history no
Wow no I want to read the the new book
the history of Twin Peaks however it's
called nope all that buildup yeah sorry
also have you seen hell or high water uh
yeah I just watched it recently it's
pretty good and what's that it's with
Jeff Bridges okay it sort of has a No
Country for Old Men vibe kinda you mean
the brother of famous actor Beau Bridges
yes exactly Oh Bridges less famous
brother okay great yeah it's about these
two bank robbers and Jeff Bridges the
cop that's trying to track him down
it's pretty good I didn't love it but um
I liked it it was pretty character
driven and Jeff Bridges is worth seeing
it for a long because he's Jeff Bridges
he puts a great performance in it's hard
to think of a movie he's not good in
yeah I have yet to see RIPD though I'm
sure he's fine in it I'm sure that he's
not that movie's problem sure I don't
think anybody saw that movie nobody saw
that that was that movie's problem is it
him and Ryan Reynolds is it Ryan
Reynolds is out the mm might be I think
it might be my beard
speaking of Ryan Reynolds did you hear
batshit insane DC casting news no DC is
flailing wildly well I heard Ben Affleck
is talking why Ben Affleck keeps away
furring on directing his Batman movie oh
really that's crazy that they didn't
have him like locked in right because I
would think he was locked in for like
three movies and one of them heat and
he'll have done three but before they
even do Batman
right so that's kind of crazy that they
didn't get that lockdown DC is such a
clusterfuck it's such a clusterfuck so
they're they're making a new Green
Lantern movie Jay have you considered
that you're a Marvel fan boy
that's all it is yeah it's not that they
have their shit together and are making
more consistently quality films it is
Brian Reynolds by the way in RIPD okay
so they're they're redoing Green Lantern
and they're making a movie called Green
Lantern Corps okay and so they're
looking for actors to play Hal Jordan
the Green Lantern right or one of the
many Green Lantern right has have been
and on their short list of actors is
Ryan Reynolds what well he did come back
with Deadpool he was a shitty Deadpool
and then he was a good Deadpool right I
don't see that happening but I'll never
know
he would never done less they gave him
creative control of it yeah
which after Deadpool I don't know why
they wouldn't right he might he might do
it just so they can make a joke about it
and Deadpool - I'm not even kidding
I'll make this shitty movie just so we
can make fun of it yes oh my god that
would be great shot man proto man is
just l before Jon Stewart yes who's a
different Green Lantern oh I thought
you're saying Jon Stewart to play
Greenland oh one of one of the Green
Lantern's is like a stern like everyday
beat cop who gets the the Green Lantern
now so I know there's lots of like
aliens that have it right yeah creatures
and there are space cops yeah but our
sectors great our Earth's sectors Green
Lantern is you know how Jordan right
he's sort of the main one right well
like him and then who was the other one
that was like an argon several who could
do like whacky things with his ring they
all do which one can do wacky thing no
no the one who is famous al Raynor who
was the comic book artist Kyle Rayner I
think is another comic book I don't know
fuckin Ellen Ellen Scott was the
original guy Jordan guy guy Jordan
garden day Gardner get Gardner hey but
he's not our sectors he's like he's like
a green human he's he's
I don't know how that works with Wu
sectors what sector and I thought talk
about humans who have been Green Lantern
the the Golden Age ones who doesn't
really count Alan Scott right then you
had Hal Jordan guide gardener and then
after Hal Jordan went nuts and killed
everybody it was Kyle Rayner okay
so there's lots of green there's lots of
cannon to pull from chair and but just
just I'm there shoreless Brian who's a
hot actor again that's one night they
wanna I'm sure because of dead what I'm
sure you've heard that there there's
like I don't know if there's any truth
to it but there's supposedly like
insider info leaked that Wonder Woman
and Justice League are supposed to be
like cluster fucks why I mean it's not
surprising right now there's a official
word right somebody that's seen footage
from that it's a man they're both a mess
well Jay have you exert enough to be
false Jay have you considered the fact
that the entire of the entirety of the
press is a marvel fan boy that's true
everyone that's ever seen a movie is
paid by Disney that's true
one Disney has the money so they can do
it they do yeah but they're only saving
grace was Wonder Woman Disney is so
desperate to have good press that
they're willing to pay us to give
positive reviews to movies that have
already been out for a week or two
you're not supposed to you're not
supposed to say that so are we still on
we're still alive oh we're still
streaming shit can you edit that part
out of the live stream yeah I'll edit
that out hold me up okay no one no one
heard it no one ever right now they're
only saving grace was Wonder Woman like
a different director hopefully a
different direction and if that's a if
that's the clusterfuck because uh what's
his name Zack Snyder no he's on Justice
League and that's supposed to be a mess
too which doesn't surprise me of course
of course
cuz I keep I mean there's still the
movies even though everybody hates them
they're still like Suicide Squad was a
big hit yeah so I am feeling Wonder
Woman might be their first actual like
potential flop though cuz I just don't
think anybody cares like who's excited
oh who's excited about Wonder Woman
and it's not a you know like a sexist
thing but just like is it doesn't look
interesting as a movie yeah they they
might they might pull a Ghostbusters
reboot and and play up the the feminist
plant the the female play up the the
female you what you wanted a female
superhero you better go see it or we
won't make another one well that worked
out so well for girls but yeah there was
no what are you there's not a lot of
buzz for an Ernie I don't think anyone
cares I don't think there's a lot of
interest in it well it's opposite to
Logan oh it's gonna get trampled or it's
near Logan I think right Logan looks
legitimately good yeah yeah it does you
see the new trailer yeah comic book
movies don't have to be good riches
right it's nice when they're good yeah
look if you're a comic book fan you have
to support comic books by seeing and
liking the movies regardless of whether
or not they're actually good otherwise
you're a bad fan yes that's right you're
absolutely right Logan looks boring
you're wrong Obama sings say Logan looks
interesting yeah it looks like the
action sequences might have meaning
because there's characters that you care
it might be some some emotional
connection to the people in the film
right and it also looks like it's gonna
be a bit bloody and horrific yes and so
then you can get a visceral reaction
when your characters are doing things
it's which it is weird for people I know
like characters you don't need that how
many how many 80 80s are gonna be in
Logan not one they you have to do know
what that means two out of ten they have
to do the thing they did in the comic
yes only they can only do the thing they
did in the comic I guess they are kind
of doing that well it's based on
partially based on what is it old man
Logan series I don't know
I have no idea how close it's gonna be I
just think it looks like a good movie
yeah well in in the in the modern
universe one of the Wolverines has kind
of lost his healing ability like he
doesn't heal super fast that's what it
looks like it's happening in the movie
yeah yeah an old man Logan which is a
whole different thing yeah is his
healing ability has really just slowed
down okay yeah so we'll see I did its so
interest the x-men franchise is so
interesting to me and it's been so all
over the place
so the idea if this is like the last one
you know I'm sure they'll reboot it
they'll make a new series but like the
last one with Hugh Jackman's involvement
like they're gonna go out on a nice no
the class and especially after
apocalypse like how different like look
at the apocalypse compared to I mean I
haven't seen Logan yet we're just
looking at the trailer like how
different two movies in the same
franchise can be right and apparently
the same universe yeah it's so bizarre
did you just butt stomp him I did a lot
of horrible things okay yeah yeah and
you know and you can get away with that
kind of thing as long as the movies good
that's true that's true well there's
lots of talk of possibly setting up
x-23 or just taking something off man
yeah which would be fine she's she did
in the comic books yeah she she's taken
over the Wolverine mantle Hugh Jackman's
not in its gonna flop the video he's the
one thing that is held the x-men
franchise together in movie form I
should say I know a lot of people that
are into x-men think that the movies
have focused too much on them which I
guess yeah there's a reason they do it's
cuz he's awesome like x2 was the good
one yeah you know yeah but and the only
reason they focus on Wolverine is
because he has one of the more
compelling storylines sure but now that
that's done yeah you have a whole team
with compelling storylines just focus
now kiss on someone who's not The
Wolverine but then Hugh Jackman and yes
yes alright
it's the Jennifer Lawrence syndrome yeah
and mystique she looks so bored in that
last one he could not give a fuck about
that movie right hold on I need to I
need to disguise myself as a white lady
yeah okay good now whatever character
like doesn't mystique like she is proud
of being a mutant or she doesn't want to
hide it and yet she's constantly looking
like a human in those movies Laurence
couldn't be bothered to put on the
makeup I did the makeup thing for one
movie I'm done I'm done blame her it
sounds miserable oh I'm sure it is but
like that's the character and then that
he should have just recant I mean
obviously they weren't because she after
the first movie she became a huge star
like I'd wanted to hold on to that star
power but get someone who's actually
gonna give them a fuck or find yourself
a work this is something that you should
have figured out pre-production like
okay makeups gonna be a pain maybe we
could do like a suit and face CG or
something you know like something so you
don't have to go through all the horror
of the makeup share figure a workaround
out instead of human all the time I'm in
hiding which is a workaround it's just a
sucky workaround right yeah you know
where it is though it's a cheap work run
oh that's awesome
not to do digital makeup on her you know
what help give her clothes and then it's
just her face in her hands oh sure there
you go
misty of her clothes mystique in the
comic book wears clothes oh really
yeah so they changed that for the movie
just because sex cuz yeah yeah the hot
lady they did that in the first x-men
movie with me yes she made a much better
mystique then Academy award-winning
actress Jennifer Lawrence did she
wouldn't own Academy Award
did she or was it a Golden Globe that
she won I don't know I don't remember I
don't I'm just shocked I've never liked
their
I've never liked it everybody's sick of
her now right right yeah you will also
like mystique troll in the first couple
moves were very small yes you didn't
have a lot to do when they gave her a
lot to do in the third movie you know
she's sucked my am but but that was all
the third member soon right boobs yeah
everyone's agreeing boobs boobs boobs
boobs yeah I lied boobs it makes it
makes for a great trailer oh sure nude
blue lady I'm doing weird kicks she did
what she wanted asked what if she
wouldn't ask her for um just a couple
years ago which movie wasn't really
Winter's Bone she won an Oscar for
winters dogs but someone's saying right
yeah one one more recently not to win
taze babe that's crazy
let's go what is fine whatever Jennifer
Lawrence it's the Oscars who cares I
really think that's true rich j-jack how
often are you recognized in public any
strange fan stories more more frequently
yeah I mean it depends on where you're
at like something like B fests sure you
were just you answer yes tubby fest how
many how many any selfies yeah what's
that you like four or five okay
some girl that was a part of the because
it's run by the students there's no some
girl from red letter media I've been
watching you guys since I was fifteen
and then I went on the bathroom and
killed myself she's very nice but but
the thing is like she's a college
student so 15 is only a couple years ago
right right but the difference between
you know fifteen and eighteen like it's
a long amount of time when you're a kid
absolutely no the very bizarre that's
like you want so watching you for that
long is also shaping her as an adult
yeah which is really horrifying think
about that you think about that if
you're listening to the stream and
you're 15 stop watching us now
destroying your life and there you go
and there you go keep watching folks
he's just he's just getting people
actually tell you friends
all my interactions have been fairly
Pleasant alright now most people are
fine it's it's fine
yeah right into someone recently at the
grocery store I was not in the toilet
paper aisle which I was really happy
about
I ran into somebody who was so excited
to meet me he fake punched me in the
face well he was like he was like
tripping all over himself this is
getting all okay Richard oh it was a
very you know she's nervous about
meeting me he said I know if you can
tell me I'm kind of nervous it's like
are you doing uh you know too horrible
job of hiding it and then for some
reason he thought have you gonna do oh
you and then he faked punches me in the
face but he's so excited he did it too
hard and it was kind of a real punch oh
my god never mind
very close to home he's just excited to
meet me but I'm trying to do something
funny in the style of that's great so
you have to remind him you know we don't
know you write these things with each
other because we know each other I feel
bad anybody see split this weekend no
well I mean obviously I was out of town
oh that's true I was out of time too I'm
curious about that split it's getting
some good reactions oh yeah yeah well
that's a McAvoy right James McAvoy he's
a financiai Milan right with possibly
not a twist at the end maybe no there's
a twist at the end I don't know what it
is but there is a twist oh shit I
thought the twist was gonna be there is
no twist no that was the last movie the
visit was our twisting see the word of a
twist did anyone see the visit some
issues and I wasn't sure if it was
intentionally funny or not but it was
entertaining I think that's a pretty big
issue and it's like that that he's sort
of given up on trying to do the
big kind of prestige movies now and he's
just making these weird little things
yeah it's like like he sort of been
humbled by the fact that every movie
makes is horrible oh good so something
like the visit is very simple it kind of
tried to do like a found-footage thing
split is sort of like a high concept but
small-scale movie yeah a classic classic
like exploitation film like all right
yeah personality disorder all right yeah
we can work with that classic b-movie
yeah
the lead actress in it is the lead
actress from the witch oh very good
nc-17 NCC's 1701 I have no there was no
ending to the story beyond people saw me
in a grocery store I was there with my
children not in the toilet paper aisle
which was very important to me but then
after you know we so you know we shook
hands and they said David they like
swatching I said thank you and then my
kids were very curious is like why did
why did someone just stop and talk to me
some people some people like the videos
I make and they go what oh they don't
said you're lying to us dad why are you
a wired right I've seen no videos not a
fan not a fan not into it
but do chemo key b85 says hi rich Jack
and Jay rich I asked because I just
replayed it and still loved it
will you ever play Wolfenstein the new
order yes I will eventually plan ok boom
old handsaw Jay have you ever seen the
1974 Michael findell a movie not yeah
there's that I was saying if you're
gonna college I don't recognize the name
shriek of the mutilated no I have heard
that title before but I've not seen the
movie plot involves a field trip to
investigate Yeti sightings but things
aren't what they seem best final movie
liner honey a few years ago that new
story about some people who said they
you Dooley didn't they they shot a Yeti
and they they had it on ice and some
idiot Bigfoot enthusiast spent like
$100,000 on it and it turned out it was
a fraud they just put a gorilla costume
and like an ice box
good for them I think one of the
prominent Bigfoot people was like if we
finally yes we're gonna expose it I'm
giving you the money give it a Cubs
we're gonna show the world the real
maybe look at a thing before you buy it
yeah yeah take it take a quick little
peek before you buy it
never trust anyone especially when it
comes to Bigfoot that's that's great
life advice yes my mom told me that when
I was a child favorite customer no no
one has ever come up to me and said they
admired my porn editing skills because
if you remember I did not get that job
that's very true but they can imagine
they could imagine if you had that into
porn I think I think I think I could do
some good things for the industry you
know all right let's see yeah :
nibbler says heretics get out that's
important that's why I'm here thanks all
right great
Oh an anonymous as a for my Madison
story it sounds like iPhone
the elusive manhole it could it was not
called the manhole I who I do remember
what I was called but I thought I won't
say I'm sure it's a lovely bar if you're
into that stuff the club made yeah
not like shoving a chainsaw sword and
ogres mouth Oh rich Evans all right so
let's see here do be sandwich says I was
gonna talk about Shyamalan
but randomly I remembered y'all haven't
been to a convention in five years do
you plan on do you plan to either do a
prereq or rlm panel attic on local or
afar in the future no no no plans what
what did we show feeding frenzy at one
of those yeah when there's like two
people in the audience yeah yeah yeah
that didn't work out too well did he
show like a blink interview at one too
and ya know that one had an okay crowd
oh yeah but it was later in the day
feeding frenzy was like early afternoon
and it was a small convention anyway so
there was nobody there now we did a few
of those conventions early on discovered
that it wasn't really our thing sure
last one we resorted to making a video
about how it was too crowded to make a
proper video
yeah yeah no plans not out of a question
sure you don't know ain't no one's know
what I'm gonna declare it out of the
question
never what if uh convention that says
hey you know we want you to speak and
we'll give you money that's not gonna
happen
that's why I'm leaving it open
hey convention Booker's we work for
money I do at least I won't split it
with him but then you only get me and no
one's gonna pay for that
all right turtle the wisest Jack could
you offer me any legal advice and that's
the end of the question is it any legal
advice it's coming up on tax time don't
take any wooden nickels Wooden Nickel
would be counterfeit it's true and it
wouldn't be admissible and it would be
illegal to use it okay
that is legal advice also gonna say you
know just get your taxes ready it's it's
almost tax time get him done early that
way you don't have to worry about it
come crunch time and do them also do
your taxes make sure you do them you
have to do your taxes if you're a
business owner make sure to send out all
of your 1099 forms for any freelance
employees you have working for you
before February 1st you have to get all
of your forms out before the end of
January there you go that's that's fine
legal voice usually I I did it on time
this year I was really excited about
that but usually I've cut it down to the
wire Oh a couple times I've had to get
extensions cuz I forgot so I still gotta
get Ulysses Steam games that we have
purchased yeah well don't let me forget
when it's actual tax time yeah mommy to
put all those for deduction reasons but
oh there's more J seen silence which
ones silence a new Scorsese movie oh
I've seen it with a starring Andrew
Garfield's very bad beard
No are you thinking of hex or Ridge you
seen silence I know Liam Neeson's in
silence in silence - oh God I honestly
know a little about it I know it was
like a passion project of his he's been
trying to make forever but I have not
seen it know very little about it it's
shocking to me that Martin Scorsese has
a movie that he's been trying to make
forever say who's not gonna give him
money yeah I haven't read up on all the
details of it I just saw Andrew
Garfield's beard now come and I know
like I'm sure that's his natural beard
but it just looks awful yeah you know
it's just it's not a beard I want to
watch for all regardless of the quality
the rest of the movie all that matters
is the beard if I got a look at that
ugly thing I'll move it it's gonna you
know what its gonna distract me from the
good filming oh sure right Oh
heard great things uh no you're a rich
rich but thanks for loving metal you're
welcome thank you for all the laughs
guys be well says turtle the wise folk
Alex and the I says have any of you seen
Windy City heat no people have
recommended that to us that's directed
by Bob can't golf wait I was like a mate
for Comedy Central movie okay all right
hilarious movie where two guys convinced
their jerk friend that he's the star of
a major Hollywood action movie for real
if you haven't seen it watch it okay I
think we have a copy of it somewhere
around here
it wouldn't be it wouldn't be like
that's the worst worthy no it's just
like a comedy movie okay okay cool let's
see here future famous person says first
of all I'm really excited for Plunkett
and Susan's wedding there's a wedding we
gotta figure out what we're gonna do
about there's a wedding there's like
some random ad libbing ended up in the
final video and it almost seems like
we're setting it up for a real
storylines no I haven't watched it yet
we'll see what happens with that is this
why a lawyers involved yeah okay Oh God
oh Jesus
secondly who does surrealism better
David Lynch Neal bream ooh yeah that's a
tough one it's a really important
question I gotta watch right now don't
think just answer breathe you know I I
don't think I could pick between the two
right they're both equally brilliant
J were you and Mike holding out on
reviewing lala land until you can see
bye-bye man just to have such a
ridiculous title for a double bill half
in the bank not holding out it's just
one of those things are like Oh both
these movies are out let's just do these
two while a man in la-la land land bye
bye man what's there someone was posting
songs from another musical that came out
a few years ago called what was it
across the continent across the across
the universe across the universe I think
that's it yeah I think there was like oh
Italy Timor movie looks like there was a
weirdo musical yeah bunks it's really
ambitious and huge I never saw it oh
okay but I've heard about it I know
you're not a musical person and I'm not
no I don't like musicals I am a musical
person and I think I'm gonna write that
it's on my list again now my list is too
long again okay anyone seen Roger
Corman's death race 2050 not yet and I
think it's on Netflix now oh it's
supposed to be like a direct sequel to
the original death race 2000 from the
70s movie nice let's see here
hey guys says renegade Akira I have
friends and family who will only watch
big movies with famous actors and high
scores
I assume like Rotten Tomatoes croucher
that's our business why do people focus
so much on IMDB ratings Oscars and
Rotten Tomatoes not everybody likes bad
movies and not everyone's an adventurer
yeah yeah some people want to they want
yeah they're gonna watch something that
will most likely be good yeah you missed
the hidden gems that way but yeah well
I've had problems like I anybody know
it's a really divisive movie but I love
a neon demon hmm and that's a movie even
people that I think would like that
movie I've recommended it to look at
like the rotten tomato score and it's
not very high and so like and so they
won't watch it because of that and I
think like if I had avoided that movie
because it had a lower on tomato score
then I wouldn't have seen one of my
favorite movies of last year's like just
because a lower on tomatoes score
doesn't mean you're going to necessarily
you know like oh shit there are some
people that just like oh that movies
I've heard that that movies not good so
I won't watch it right right it's
nothing more complex than that really
well you know these people hit you know
either have a have a high value on the
money they spend or their time and so I
get the watches lawns movie a week it
better be at least a decent movie yeah
so they're gonna check the reviews
they're gonna see what people are saying
about it it makes sense if they're not
movie people yeah yeah but you know then
you got you gotta show them one of those
hidden gems one of those hidden gems
that maybe has a low score and you know
if they like it that'll then they dip
their toes wait a minute movies can be
good without other people saying they're
good what what what so you know
obviously start with Swiss Army man
everyone's gonna love that I think it's
pretty well like I just think that is a
movie that like grandma's not gonna
really careful probably not one of my
favorite movies in the last year because
it's it's sorcery man it's about
farting corpse with a boner and that's
my kind of humor and chances are if a
movie is really divisive
and it doesn't have a huge Rotten
Tomatoes score like a high Rotten
Tomatoes car
there's a very good chance that it might
be interesting but that's not always the
case but people don't want to watch
interesting yeah the people write those
yeah they they want a safe bet yeah
because I don't want to feel like they
wasted their time yeah yeah let's see
here what's the difference between a
vanity project driven by ego and a
passion project by a filmmaker who
controls everything to accomplish a
vision is something bigger than one is
good and one is bad I mean there can be
you know ego driven projects that are
good I think it just depends like you
can kind of tell when you watch a movie
like they did this because they love
themselves there's no like you can't
really pinpoint it and so you've
actually are watching it I think oh yeah
well I'm sure there are is kind of tell
examples of good ego driven projects and
bad passion projects where the filmmaker
has complete controls right it's a horse
apiece but yeah you can take it on a
case-by-case you know oh yeah thing but
like you said you'll know it I mean like
you'll know who's in charge of the movie
right away usually it's the lead actor
we want one of the movies at beef s this
year was the gong show movie which I
don't even know existed okay but do you
remember the gong show or do you know
about the gong show
yeah Chuck Barris yeah so this is the
gong show movie co-written and directed
by Chuck Barris starring Chuck Barris
there we go as Chuck Barris the host of
the gong show and the whole movie is
about him outside of the gong show going
to places and people telling him how
much they loved the gong show and wanted
to audition for the gong show and how
much of a burden it is for Chuck Barris
to have everybody love him and love the
gong show
it was one of the worst things I've ever
watched it be fest it was so infuriating
it was so obnoxious no it's it's not
even like funny bad I was like screaming
at the movie shut up Chuck bear yeah oh
man no his book is confessions of a
dangerous mind is fantastic sure his is
completely true autobiography the only
reason he did the gong show was because
he was a secret operative and I needed
to travel to other countries it's great
it was great
okay ready better musical la-la-land
dancer in the dark dancer in the dark
dancer in the dirt I haven't even seen
in la-la-land and it stands in the dark
yeah
well that's an ignorant response I've
seen both when I say dancer in the dark
all right I'm with Jay from what I've
heard la-la-land is it's pretty standard
everybody likes that Oh Lance I didn't
buy the chemistry between the two leads
sure sure and I didn't think any of the
music was particularly memorable oh
except for the one song that they
clearly want to be their oscar-nominated
song because they play it like 15
goddamn times just to remind you that it
exists it's been stuck in my head for
days I don't even think it's that great
but it's just they do it over and over
it you know and and it's it's a movie
with with beautiful people I'm sure in
praise of the Hollywood system so you
know it's gonna at least get nominated
for Best Picture
but if not my thing that was the first
thing I said about it in their
discussion over the head it's gonna
sweep the Oscars because it's a movie
about Hollywood sucking its own dick so
everyone remember that the people who
vote for Oscars are people who are in
the industry yeah so directors vote for
Best Director act because the best actor
so these are people who have been
through the Hollywood Pictures vote for
Best Picture pretty others the other
movie picture Purdue
because the producer gets the award
right in the middle of thing that joke
was time Jack if I waited you can long
with humor here right let's see here a
friend of mine has made a comic it's
about a girl who finds out that her
organs or that her orgasms kill men it's
called off girl would you read it if she
sends it to you I thought you were gonna
call it the prostitute who gave Magic
Johnson AIDS what orgasms of kill Pete
yeah he's still alive probably be great
the only wouldn't be interested in
something like that probably has been
interesting comics about orgasms before
I'm sure is that sex criminals this is
the name of a comic it's the name of a
comic it's about it's when when someone
orgasms it stops time for everyone but
then okay and then they find someone who
the same thing happens and they have sex
and they both orgasm and all of a sudden
they're both in stop time and they get
freaked out then they rob banks yeah how
do they get out of stop time I just
naturally it only lasts a short amount
time or it's no it has something to do
with like like when the mood is broken
so it's like even when time is stopped
they need to like to stay in sexy mood
to keep it's a really interesting comic
that's interesting and weird yeah yeah
that's great sex criminals it's a it's a
fun rate it could make it's one of those
comics that could make a really good
shit called sex crimes yeah
I think sex crimes is like a different
thing that I like isn't it a song back
song or is that it something else crimes
it might be a bag song it might be a bag
sign yes a song with crimes in the title
I'm sure it's also what they call sex
crime oh my god this game is like play
Gears of War or Halo what your sucks
here's this bland compared to this hello
I'm not fucking aiming with a fucking
thumb knob
well they go this is so much more
exciting than gears
I don't hate gears right and was this
out before gears
oh no we talked about this lesson the
saw existed before gears but the
universe the universe yeah some knob
you cannot know apparently that yeah
people are upset about that you cannot
compare gears to Warhammer 40k is what
the chat is saying people so let's all
settle the Frick down this baby's baby's
first quake baby's first fps you let him
play their game Ridge they're a big
they're big strong Space Marine they're
gonna save the world
look I'm playing a big game I've got a
controller I'm a jerk okay but only
sometimes game Cody UK's is actually
excited for the saw eight film they're
making another one yep they're bringing
it back I really love them I also love
the nerd nerd crew film great way to
introduce my friends to RL em and they
loved it any plans to see the founder
with Michael Keaton I'm kind of curious
about that movie mm-hmm I don't know
something I'm gonna rush out to but
there's I forget if it was PBS or who
did it there's like a wonderful two
hour-long documentary about the history
of McDonald's and see I'd rather watch a
documentary then I mean I the founder
I'm interested in mainly because of
Michael Keaton sure I would rather see a
documentary about the subject and it's a
really fascinating documentary like the
guys who started McDonald's yeah
their whole shtick was just how do we
get food in people's faces faster yeah
like we don't care about quality we just
want food to come out fast cuz that's
how we're gonna make money right there's
this wonderful segment of the
documentary where they're talking about
their breakfast man like okay we're
gonna do breakfast now and they had this
idea for like an eggs benedict sandwich
and there they were trying to figure out
how to do the hollandaise sauce their
Egg McMuffin yeah there's sausage and
egg McMuffin so I got the sausage you
get the eggs and you got the English
muffin but what do you do for the
hollandaise sauce you can't do that on
the go and they were working on it for
months and they just couldn't figure out
how to do it to go hollandaise sauce
right to make it like a gelatin how do
we how to do this and then they cut to
this like big job on looking guy and it
goes so that's what I came up with the
idea to stick a slice of cheese
so the negative but I like I don't like
they must have cut it for comedy that's
how I read you sausage egg McMuffin no
that's great oh it's a really wonderful
documentary I don't know how to get it I
think I saw it like you know on TV like
I said on PBS but it's fascinating it's
absolutely fascinating
oh yeah yeah but Michael Keaton is great
in everything he does and the subject a
little career Renaissance lately it's
wonderful thanks the Birdman
thanks man the little movie that could
name of the documentary I don't know and
I'm very sorry
it could have been a frontline you know
they have little documentaries yeah hope
I'm hoping someone in the chat knows
come on chat yeah man anyone jabo sake
saves the Egg McMuffin
well someone in the jam I think about it
okay is uh sorry chances random question
of the day what's the longest time
you've ever played a game alone in one
sitting in your life her guess is about
eight hours from the doors master for
how long was my Dead Rising no death run
stream oh yeah that was at least eight
hours I was longer than that I think
yeah well you might have made the team's
few teams yeah yeah one sitting I don't
know it's been a while since I've had a
marathon it's probably about now we're
playing ducktales Tendo that's probably
bought it it's pretty hardcore man yeah
I beat it pretty hard beat that game
shit yeah he did no I mean hey that way
that was like two hours with us double
do I start the originals DuckTales but
yeah I guess I played it on the stream
that one time oh sure
probably not that I mean try for me I'm
not over four hours but I'm a little man
and I have attention issues or if a
games not holding me I'll go do
something else okay when you have
children well yeah now times I got to
eat and stuff children and
responsibilities yeah how there's shit
to do so it's very rare that I get along
a long session in anymore which I know
is frustrating I like I have people who
have like the friended me on like on
overwatch and like want to play a game a
multiplayer game where it's like I pick
up rocket League you know hey hey I see
see you playing rocco you want to pick
up a game i was like i can only play one
game then i have to put it down yeah i
can pick it up for five minutes play one
game and then i have to leave it for an
hour but maybe I'll be back in an hour
and then we can play a game so I'm sorry
if ever you see me hop on and hop off of
online gaming and you want to pay
that's all they do children have to eat
shockingly often they always want to eat
don't know it's not just breakfast lunch
and dinner it's like snacks in between
and then there's other stuff say no you
can't have a snack you already ate you
should have eaten more then you want to
get fat like rich Evans then they
complain I tried the rich Evans thing is
they don't know they don't know they
know but now luckily now they're old
enough for you know the hey can I get
yourself there you go give a fuck about
you well I make sure to tell them that
every day that you don't care about them
yeah that's good I don't care about you
caring and I think you're ugly I'm just
gonna put that out there I'm hoping that
like makes them care about their poor
their first behind you there you going
look at that thing that's the best way
to build strong characters just
constantly insult people yeah eventually
they'll learn to get better yeah I think
so they have to yeah I kind of love that
thing yeah that's cool-looking yeah what
is that there's a little floating skull
messenger robot that's great
damn check that's cold oh right atomic
mousetrap says as a huge Wonder Woman
fan I definitely agree this might be
their first big flop she's a legacy
character bowling at what are people
saying this would be a flop now I
thought when the trailer came out
everybody was juicing in their pants
what was the new information about the
Wonder Woman yeah I think I think more
so people were just excited that Zack
Snyder wasn't going to direct a film and
it looked like they were putting some
humor into it and it had color and it
had maybe a character moment I don't
know
yeah I'm a character moment that didn't
involve screaming your mother's name
putting that out there but yes or some
early views of the movie are coming back
very negative yes so and because she's
not as popular character as Batman or
Superman
there won't be like a fanboy ISM to go
see the Wonder Woman movie yeah
even Suicide Squad still had that Batman
connection I think they use them in the
trailers like look Batman's in it you'll
see it please well and they the Joker on
the job is just as big a character so
make sure fuck that up yeah I just think
I don't know I don't think most people
give a shit about Wonder Woman yeah but
then again you could say most people
don't give a shit about you know ant-man
or Doctor Strange Iron Man all right man
yeah no one gave a shit about Iron Man
but guess what you make a decent movie
and it gets you know good word about it
sticks around for a while if you make a
bad movie people might go opening
weekend you'll make a decent amount of
money but then it's just gonna drop off
mmm-hmm unless the Suicide Squad that
movie just consistently did well for
weeks and weeks it's so crazy man I know
like the director now who's like
speaking freely about how much he
actually didn't like the movie yeah
there yeah he's like oh ya know like you
know it's not the movie that we really
wanted we did the best with what we
could if I could redo things oh yeah I
do a ton of stuff different like oh wow
he's being very open about how it just
wasn't a great movie for him but he gets
to make another one yeah you could make
a movie that makes money you get to make
more movies exactly so that's very
interesting to me it's very interesting
that like it made so much money and even
the directors not that happy with it
yeah I can't imagine Zack Snyder's happy
with his movies well maybe he's kind of
dumb I don't know he fucking loves his
he fucking loves it he oils himself up
while watching his movies you know he
does oh yeah I made Superman such a
dickhead
I mean did you see that
CrossFit Batman montage oh the rocky
four months out rocky for little rocky
montage in a Batman movie lifting the
monster or no hitting a monster truck
tire with a sledge hammer which yes is a
real workout in CrossFit gym but oh no
that was all Zack Snyder just Oh making
payments such a badass
he's never been cool before he was in my
movie whoo Wow I stunned all those guys
at once it's great it's great did he
direct sucker punch with his dick out I
still might say hello now in retrospect
it might not be that bad it might not be
as worst probably better than Batman V
Superman that would require re watching
it though and I have no interest in
doing that it's the thing that almost
killed his career yeah almost killed his
career but then you know rumor has it
spike his pure speculation is his
managers very good friends with the head
of Warner Brothers Oh pure speculation
computer room er that's interesting
and and Warner Brothers didn't want him
anywhere neither the their biggest
franchise but he's a very good friend
whose ex and his manager somehow this is
all rumors all rumor that's speculation
a legend allegedly just dupe dupe and
tell togher with rich enjoying Space
Marine so much can you see can you guys
see yourself getting into the Warhammer
40k universe and so I'd like to nominate
myself as your official guide to the
lore
I from what I've seen I like the
universe yeah a lot of the games simply
like real-time strategy which I'm not a
fan of right and the tabletop game if I
got into the tabletop game I'd probably
be able to play it three times in my
life
tops I don't know anybody who's in it
owns any of the figures has a place to
play it is Warhammer 40k like a
different series than just Warhammer I
think so okay I think Warhammer is just
like fantasy
I think 40k is like space fantasy well I
think it's the same universe that takes
place like in the far future of the
Warhammer I I am not at all convinced
about that you're not no oh well I think
there's a science fiction explanation
for the orcs in the the 40k version
Jesus and I guess I just assumed this
was the year 40k it is but I don't I
still don't know that it has anything to
do with the other version I'm not sure
no I'm not gonna I'm not gonna speak
with any kind of authority though okay
that's all right have you guys seen the
movie white male white male white male I
don't think I've ever even heard of it
okay great I saw that the chat a bunch
of times there's your white male answer
white male
sounds like it sounds like a metal band
like a hair metal whitening like an Adz
right I've seen white fire set the name
in that movie we watch the best of the
worst
oh you don't think you were there for
that one were you I think the discussion
was was Josh I don't know member if you
were I did I said that was because
that's a Ginty right though UT and its
sister yeah you were there I was I was
there for the viewing now you know I
recently went on a best of the worst
bandage yeah because a fan tweeted at me
oh I saw something about this it was
traveling
it's Jay and it wasn't invested it works
right wasn't it was about a line that
they really like you know and then for
some reason there's a bassoon yeah yeah
I've definitely said that so I started
watching all the best of the worst it
was driving me absolutely nuts it was
and it was in a prereq episode and not
in not in the best of the worst but I
even rewatched some of those where I
wasn't on the panel because maybe I said
it in the room no I don't know Ginty all
the sisterlove I was great that was
great
fucking
a lot of people in the chat explaining
Warhammer Lord right now
oh is it me is it the future I'm
probably not gonna do is the question is
is this the future of the Warhammer
universe or is it an alternate timeline
oh well everyone's talking about incest
now I'm Ken tease it's right for the
best okay oh they are saying it is not
the future not the future great parallel
parallel universe okay great alright
that's fine that's fine
let's see here
Darkwing Schmucks as important question
Naked Gun
oh god I'm off steaming our shit here or
get smart the show Naked Gun Austin
Powers or get smart the show there's
Eskin what is the best of them thank you
I'm gonna say Naked Gun though get smart
it's not far behind I'm gonna say Naked
Gun just cuz I love that series hey
nigga gun the hands down you know why
what Leslie Nielsen's in it of course
there you go as long as we get to
include the police squad series oh she's
very limited police squad series I like
get smart when I was a kid yeah yeah
naked naked gun all the way awesome the
first Austin Powers movie I think is
still pretty good oh yeah it opens up
but second one's got some very funny
stuff in it too I mean the second one
introduced mini meat which now is sort
of like I don't know you got to think
back to when that movie came out how
weird and different that was mm-hmm
Goldmember did a lot of bad though I
didn't hate it as much as a lot of
people did
because I know a lot of people hated the
character of goldmember and I thought it
was hilarious it was so awkward you
liked it for a different reason
yeah no I mean I I genuinely thought it
was funny but I think most people were
turned off by that character yeah I
don't remember the character I love oh
he's always like picking off flakes of
skin and you know ya know and for me it
was just uh Beyonce's oh she was bad
like if you're gonna cast cuz the
characters supposed to be like a Pam
Grier right 70s you know badass chick
and yeah Beyonce does not capture that
at all she was just bubbly perky yeah
yeah I know that's not he does not
capture the spirit of Pam they should
have just cast Pam Grier right who cares
if she's 50 whatever six-string samurai
have you ever seen it yeah man yeah not
a lot of story it gets really boring the
concepts kind of fun is it a samurai
movie it's it's like a it's like Mad Max
with like a like a rock and roll angle
to it that's like the post apocalypse
and there's this Buddy Holly type guy
that's trying to get to it's like this
Emerald City type place okay because he
wants to Elvis has died in the post
apocalypse and he wants to be the new
king of rock and roll oh oh so it's
travelling across the countryside to get
to this city sure looks like the Emerald
City from Wizard of Oz yeah and yeah
he's fighting all these different gangs
like there's a bowling gang or they love
bowling is it it's it's supposed to be
but it's not very funny no a lot of it's
executed kind of awkwardly sure so it's
it's an it's a fun concept and some of
the music is cool but it gets really
repetitive because there's no like story
progression sure it's like we got this
idea he wanders around a lot and fights
different weird people and there's just
not much more to it and there's a really
annoying kid oh he teams up with a
little kid and it's kind of like the
feral kid from the second Mad Max movie
he's really annoying phlearn dip
everybody's seen kung fu hustle
you've seen kind of cool oh yeah I think
I saw in the theater
I'm still I still haven't gotten around
to seeing Shaolin Soccer which I saw
that in the theater - oh yeah I don't
remember it very well that was how long
ago 20 million years ago all right uh
scene have you seen I am NOT a serial
killer yes very good movie it's on
Netflix now Oh Christopher Lloyd's in it
it's about this kid it's the kid from
did you see where the wild things are
yes Spike Jones maybe it's that kid he's
older now he's like I don't know 18 19
mmm
and takes place in like over the city
it's in like Minnesota in the winter
okay
and it's this kid who's like a diagnosed
sociopath he's like this really weird
kid that's fascinated by serial killers
okay and he discovered there's a serial
killer in his town and so he's like
fascinated by it and he's he's convinced
that it's his make old man neighbor
which is Christopher Lloyd and then it
goes in some weird directions that I
don't want to give away but it's a
really really good movie it's shot on
like 16 millimeter so it's got this
really late Iranian interesting that
you'd be able to get away with that now
yeah I mean it's a pretty low budget
movie no neat but it's yeah it's uh it
kind of has the feel especially cuz it
was shown in 16 it looks like a like a
90s indie movie Oh
in that era it's really good I'm Miramax
classic yeah it feels like it's good my
interests on Netflix I highly recommend
it
oh there you go there you go
Jack: All right. Recruit_More_Pimps4U says, guys, friends and I are making a movie. What kind of cameras and mics do you use? Also, name a movie that only you would think is perfect. Something that I wouldn't normally be recommended, if it weren't for you. I don't know if I understand that question.
Jay: Um, I mean, I, I think I understand it. I would say Neon Demon. Um, I keep recommending that movie.
Jack: That's on my list, too. I really need to see that, yeah.
Jay: It's divisive. Uh, but as far as cameras go, I don't know. Research 'em. There's so many other factors.
Jack: Yeah.
Jay: Lenses are a factor. Lights are a factor. There's, there so much more to it than just, shoot on this camera.
Jack: Right, right. And, you know, what kind of budget do you have for a camera
Jay: Yeah.
Jack: Like, what, what sort of editing software are you using for your camera? Like, there's, there's a million different things.
Jay: Yeah.
Jack: I'm, I'm sure you can find a, if, if you're just making a movie, I'm sure you can find a decently-priced DSLR that will make it look really nice, but then you gotta get a nice lens, and there's a whole bunch of shit.
Jay: Lenses are very important.
Jack: Very important.
Jay: And very expensive. If you want, if you want good ones.
Jack: If you want a good one. And the kind of content that we make with...our camera needs, making regular internet videos, are gonna be very different than your camera needs making a movie.
Jay: Yeah.
Jack: Uh, the same, you know what, and same with microphones. Like, you're probably not gonna use lav mics making a movie. You're gonna use more boom mics. Um, and we use laughs mics, so, you might be barking up the wrong recommendation tree. Just use an iPhone. You could. God...have you seen the stuff shot on the iPhone 7? It looks gorgeous.
Jay: Yeah.
Jack: I'd kill for that camera when I started making shit. And you could edit it in-camera. Fuck. Oh, right. Those Blackmagic cameras. You can, you know, shoot 4k, and they're super cheap.
Jay: Yeah.
Jack: The Black Camera, uh, Blackmagic Cinema cameras that are just the, like, the small DSLR body.
Jay: Yeah. You still have to get lenses for those.
Jack: You still have to get lenses for them. And they shoot in RAW. Or if you want to take advantage of them, you shoot in RAW, which means you're using stuff, like, like, a terabyte per hour of footage.
Jay: Oh, god.
Jack: It's insane. For, for 4K RAW.
Jay: Right.
Jack: But then you get to, like, really mess with the color temperature. It's gorgeous. But, but, then, like, not only do you need a hard drive able to put that on for editing, you need a hard drive in the fucking camera  just to shoot the footage.
Jay: Yeah.
Jack: Those cameras are gorgeous.
Rich: I just kicked a lot of ass.
Jack: Sorry, I was, you know what, I was just researching them. They came out with, like, a new full-body, uh, production cinema cam from Blackmagic.
Jay: Yeah.
Jack: And so it's more...
Jay: It feels like they're coming out with new models of that thing every month.
Jack: Right?
Jay: Just constantly making new ones.
Jack: Well, just, new technology.
Jay: Yeah. It, it updates so quickly.
Jack: But like it's, like, a shoulder-mounted and like a ton of little refinements that you can do on camera like with the Blackmagic Cinema Camera it's all touchscreen.
Jay: Yeah, which I was always kind of turned off by because of that.
Jack: Well, and they say it all works, but it's a very awkward interface.
Jay: Yeah.
Jack: And so, it just takes a while to get used to it. But this is more of a standard shoulder mount so like all the dials are there.
Jay: See, that's, that's more interesting to me.
Jack: And a ton of, like, places to stick hard drives...
Jay: Yeah.
Jack: ...and outputs, and all that sort of stuff. It looks so amazing but of course then you need to spend thousands on lenses.
Jay: Yes. Don't skimp on the lenses.
Jack: Something that's something I saw is you can buy like older market DSLRs, cheaper with DSLRs. You know, the thing you want to pay attention to is the size of the sensor.
Jay: Yeah.
Jack: How big the sensor is is how much information the camera, uh, lets in. But find an older market one, and then spend your money on a really nice, a couple really nice lenses. Especially lenses with a, a lower f-stop, because that means you can get a high depth of field to make it feel more like a movie.
Jay: Right.
Jack: That's what you want, that blurry background. And they work really well in low light. If you aren't aware, I really enjoy gadgets and technology. I enjoy the technology side of this very much. And I was just looking at those Blackmagic cameras. 3000...3000 is pretty pricey, but also it's not.
Jay: Not...yeah. If you're talking about a feature film, being able to make a good-looking feature film, that's not much.
Jack: That is not much at all. If it's something that, you know, you were shooting weddings with...
Jay: Yeah.
Jack: You know, then you're not gonna get the fast turnaround of, like, a camera with an SD card reader with high storage.
Jay: Yeah.
Jack: But...so, yeah, like I said, our needs are very different than your needs. Uh, there, there is an issue, Beat_Master, there's an issue with older lenses and new cameras, but the only issue is mounting, which you can find any adapter anywhere.
Jay: Oh, yeah. Endless adapters.
Jack: Go on eBay you'll find in it after that works for under 5 bucks but if you use an adapter, you won't get any automatic features.
Jay: Yes.
Jack: So, you know you won't be able to use automatic, uh, focus but you're probably not, you probably don't want to do that.
Jay: You shouldn't use that with a movie anyway.
Jack: Right.
Jay: Again, that's different than shooting, like, a wedding or something, where you need all those auto-features for certain situations.
Jack: Well, for quick, you know...
Jay: Yeah.
Jack: Like, wedding photography, you're, you're hoping for quick production that looks good enough...
Jay: Yeah.
Jack: ...that you can turn it around fast. But if you're shooting a movie, yeah, every shot should be meticulous. But there's so, there's so much good stuff out there, and it gets better every day. And we're not the guy to talk to you about that. Let's see here. Hey, just want to say thank you and The Wizard, Jay, for the True Stories review. Love that movie.
Jay: You're welcome. I'm glad. It was nice seeing comments that were, like, uh, hey, I never heard of this movie I'm gonna check it out now.
Jack: Well, that's great.
Jay: Which is nice
Jack: That is great. course when you look at
the views on that video compared to
other ones it's pretty low
obscure Talking Heads movie right I'm
sure we'll get the same amount of uses a
ghostbusters no no but that's to be
expected
oh yeah that's and that's good ever as
long as some people are new people are
exposed to it exact said for a pepper in
those every once in a while exactly you
know what that that gives you street
cred there you go you get you gotta you
got to build up your that street cred
let's see here I didn't see many movies
this year says comically small skeleton
but hell or high water with Chris Pine
and Jeff Bridges was the best thing I
saw in theaters we already talked about
that that was on my list you know do it
during during Christmas time I already
said my cousin who's a director brings
all of his screeners and so we get to
pick through his screeners and watch
movies that you know don't normally come
to the area or hard to come by
yeah and I chose I chose arrival first
because that was the one I really wanted
to see and I saw moonlight lease on the
screeners on a DVD
not even a blu-ray I guess blu-rays are
more expensive to replicate yeah
well it's like not only on DVD but they
also like come with a sales pitch so
tighter the cover arts there and it's
like here's what we want to be
considered for and here's why you should
vote for us yeah it's a whole spiel it's
great and then you know most most of
them have the little property of oh yeah
you coming up hundred twenty minutes
that way that gets leaked out there yeah
it's easier to track down surprisingly
moonlight didn't have it no that didn't
have a watermark popping up every twenty
minutes son which was interesting and
then we also saw the Jungle Book
I don't care about that no and it didn't
work
Mowgli was terrible but kid actor and
then they like once they started trying
to fit the songs in like it was a
realistic universe yeah even those
talking animals check but then like they
started to put the songs in and it just
fell right apart
I even realized that they were trying to
do the songs in it well like the first
real song is the bare necessities it
kind of works because they're being very
playful but then Christopher Walken is
awkwardly singing that that uh I want to
be just like you thank you
and it's Christopher Walken as a giant
ape and it's it felt weird
I can send I'm really weird and then we
saw a little bit of Lion the movie about
the Indian kid from err the kid from
India
oh it's lost yeah and we started
watching that with the kids actually cuz
we thought they might like it you know
little boy going on an adventure
and then the little boy runs into runs
into a man and the man starts sizing him
up and says he should come with the man
and and but you must do whatever I say
and we say hey and a little boy gets
home yeah
and they go really little boy hey got Oh
me me awkward yeah young it was I think
it was about to go there so we had to
stay shut that one right down but hell
or high water was in there and oh I've
heard this name before everybody seems
to like it that's good all right have
you ever guys ever considered making a
podcast you guys are doing that nerd
crew the nerd crew is our new pop a nerd
group podcast one episode out now but
I'm sure they'll be episode 2 coming
soon something to everyone make sure to
order your don't tease them Jay I've
been legitimately asked about that they
want more bird crew yeah episode 2 is
coming out it's gonna be about Row 1 oh
good good I feel I feel like you didn't
get as deep as I wanted you to and
there's so much to say about rogue one
it's just well I personally love row did
everyone make sure to subscribe to geek
rates
because you know that had that helps the
show want more episodes you have to
subscribe you have to get the backslash
red letter media yeah yeah alright hey
guys from armor bro just wanted to ask
Jay if he's seen Alexie's German hard to
be a god whoa what
alexey germans hard to be a god okay
great so have you seen it yes okay of
that year oh great did you see the
original Trainspotting yeah okay what do
you think what do you think about this
sequel I'm curious yeah but I don't know
oh this creature looks like one of the
gorgonites from small soldiers that's
great forget him how big is he gonna get
better the other words a huge theme
areas I see him I see him now he's up
there being menacing like I remember you
know Trainspotting was the movie that
you want it was the the big indie movie
so yeah anyone with with cred back in a
day saw Trainspotting that's a really
good movie like I I don't remember it
that much oh really you know I mean I
remember specific images and scenes but
I'm sure the overall thing was it kind
of didn't stick in now it's a good movie
a great soundtrack but as far as a new
one got like obviously belated sequels
tend to not turn out too well right I
mean this is different and then it's
like a drama it's not you know trying to
rejuvenate some like sci-fi franchise or
the Trainspotting franchise that's
something you'll never hear the
Trainspotting extended universe extended
universe so I mean I'm curious about it
I don't really have any high
expectations for it but we'll see yeah
and I don't think I've really seen much
by Danny Boyle that I've liked
other than Trainspotting
I never saw Slumdog Millionaire I know
that was the one that was a big critical
Darlene and what words I never saw it
but everything else I've seen with Danny
Boyle and really cared much more mmm
name another movie that he's done I
think he followed up Trainspotting with
a life less ordinary your that movie
with Cameron Diaz and you and McGregor
was in that too no that wasn't very good
he did 127 hours with James Franco
couple years sure sure that was that was
it that was a big critical a shit which
I well I thought it was so like way too
over stylized for what the story was
yeah it's not a problem with that okay
all right well so he's still he's still
he's been working this whole thing yeah
that's the thing all right that's fair I
just didn't know if he's like finally
ran out of that Trainspotting money
gotta make another drains buddy I mean
and it's also it's not like
Trainspotting there's a new one because
there was such a high demand and lots of
box-office money to be made on a new
train seems like it's me because
somebody had a desire to make it sure
sure
well it could be interesting like if
he's you know revisiting these
characters at this point in their life
it could be it could be very interesting
yeah I mean and that's interest like
like the before sunrise before sunset
movies you know how they're so small and
character driven you just kind of every
few years we get a new one
you know looking in on these people's
lives sure sure those worked out pretty
well
alright we'll see all right that is the
thoughts on transplanting and no rich
and Jack have no thoughts on the
Resident Evil 7 now game or the new
Resident Evil movie
the franchise never did it for me there
you go those think it's great that I'm
just so happy that Milla Jovovich has a
job I just love her and I only love her
because of the Fifth Element and I'm
just so glad she's still working have
you ever seen there's a movie called
dummy with Adrian Brody know where he's
he's like trying he's like I want to be
ventriloquist's okay and he lives at
home with his parents
and Milla Jovovich plays like his best
friend and she's really eccentric and
loud and she's really good but oh good
yeah that's the only other movie I can
think of where really liked her
performance she's fine in those Resident
Evil movies but there whatever she was
pretty good at a Joan of Arc movie I
never saw that Oh super pizza yeah
she's good she's guys she's fine I guess
yeah like she found her little thing she
gets to do these dumb zombie action
movies every few years and then you know
make up commercials it's a living hangs
out with the kids I'm sure your husband
makes those movies right yeah yeah great
good for her she apparently doesn't age
so right now good luck good job with
that but no and just because it's based
off of a video game which and I don't
care about the movie
yeah I'm care about the video game just
care about the video games anyway I like
the one like they had their one game in
the whole series that I thought was
decent well my love of the survival
horror genre is renown yes rich survival
horror Evans as you're known in most
gaming circles like they had well the
the one good game they had was the
over-the-top campy one Resident Evil 4 I
really loved we fight you know giant
zombies in a Mexican village you fish
for a giant zombie fish it's wonderful
but I haven't cared about the rest of
the series all right rich where do you
think XCOM three no idea we'll see where
they bring it then I'll tell you what I
think of it okay is there no info on it
yes no well I know you have an opinion
about this thing that there's no
information about they just got done
making the second one this year
there's not even there's not even an
announcement that they're working on a
third Oh
what's your opinion on this thing that
does not exist and may not ever exist
yeah
the second one they want what kind of
resistance theme that was neat no no I
know if they can just do that again or
sure maybe they don't need to make three
I don't know I don't I don't I don't
know maybe they could just keep making
expansions from - that's true good and
it's open to mods it's open to the mod
community you can make your own
expansion also review Starship Troopers
right right there's so much stuff to
talk about and do and make so many
things to see and do see you do listen -
yeah there's also stuff to smell that's
less interesting to talk about but you
know is there that'll be our next new
show we just talked about smells you
heard of here first folks happening all
right speaking it what what all right
lonar Johnson speaking of sex this must
been when we're talking about the weirdo
sex comics there is a comic with a
little girl and a talking vagina
suggesting really weird actions it's
from Japan I'm shocked
Thank You loner Arjun for letting us
know that exists the the the show about
us talking about smells is going to
replace quick cuts it's gonna replace
and it's gonna be called the short snips
short snips there you go in which we
smell something and then talk about our
feelings on that smell they'll be very
short and they'll be very short well how
long can you talk about us no yeah you
just take a whiff there you go good yeah
this Pleasant you know some of them will
be perfumes and colognes I have a whole
sub series on cleaning products but then
it's just everyday smells yeah you know
the long yeah boom great multi-shadow
amuse as I'm looking at colleges for
film and the main one I'm looking at one
of the professor's wrote Death Wish - oh
my
what school a film school where a
professor wrote Death Wish - that's the
one with the most rapes in it maybe you
don't want to go - that's cool
just looking we're gonna see if that
professor has been suspended any any
pending court cases even if he's been
acquitted you know if there's enough of
him if you can find a school that has a
teacher that that wrote death wish three
you'll be in good shape
yeah well I guess service kind of raping
that one isn't there doesn't worry Nasir
just get that's two no that's three
that's the one we watched for oh wait I
thought there no mind around I've got
them I got them confused yeah I do not
see that I'm sorry that's what stre is
amazing I'm sure I've seen it at one
point in my life but probably if you did
you'd remember it ha ha ha which means
you haven't doubtful I don't remember
shit
all right the blue blaze says any are
any of you interested in seeing John
wick chapter 2 vaguely I'm not super
excited but I thought the first one was
really good I was surprised by how good
the first one was I know Keanu was
really upset at John wick too because
he's just like you know like piano is
now kind of stuck in this like the
biggest indie actor phase right now
where he'll just be in your indie movie
he's in the neon demon
oh yeah he's great but he's one of those
actors that he's gone very far without
much acting ability when the right role
you know he's good yeah and the right
very specific role he words I used to be
in the blockbusters now just doing these
weird Oh Louisa yeah good for him get
the room still working he's always kind
of done that though yeah like you
looking like you know you wouldn't think
of putting him and you know Francis Ford
Coppola is Dracula and you probably
shouldn't have put him in France the
fact that he's willing to do yeah
because he could have just been like
generic mainstream action man or
whatever right and he's always kind of
tried to do different stuff so good
broom
made that documentary about digital
versus film a few years ago so how about
that Packers game
I know people keep asking you if anyone
has checked in as mine that game sucked
that defense plan your point of view now
doesn't matter if you're in Atlanta you
love this well obviously there's gonna
be many many drinking tonight
for many of escanso night also if the
Packers would have won there would have
been many a drinking that's true yeah
also if it's tomorrow night there's
gonna be many drinking kind of what we
do here alright game child UK any film
series that you love and want a sequel
but would also be okay if they didn't
make one like I thought fury road was
perfect and would love another film from
George Miller but would be okay if we
didn't get one III agree with that yeah
I would be very okay if they don't make
another Mad Max I'm a high note
you know but like what if the dignity
let's think of what if they didn't make
another one after the third movie let me
be left with a crappy final movie
mmm-hmm or somewhat crappy but though
they came back with fury road and it was
amazing so it's like you know what you
did it let's call it quits here I
actually like that movie it's not my
favorite I like parts of it I like all
the thunderdome stuff yeah the end chase
is okay but all those kids all those
stupid kids are they getting that much
in the movie they're in enough where
it's annoying I just really liked
Thunderdome it would have been fine with
the whole movie taking place in
Bartertown
hmm but it's beyond I know I know
they're gonna be beyond under doom
fandoms nuke 7j j yes sorry i'm took me
a half in the bag fourteen the one with
the siphon con yes nope lost in
technical side yeah I'm sorry you should
have read that one first and then just
skipped right over it I guess you know
I'm making a bigger point of saying your
name and then saying I'm skipping in so
I'm sorry J has a Talking Heads fan are
you a big fan of the of stop making
sense oh yeah what's that making sense
that's the concert film oh okay sure
here by Jonathan and Emmy directed yeah
oh yeah that's great
oh great they played it at the Marquee
Film Festival a couple years ago and I
wanted to see it because I would have
liked to have seen it the theater didn't
get a chance to go that happens every
year with market something yeah there's
always stuff I gotta get to that one
yeah never do never do also have you
seen this must be the place
a starring Sean Penn great cameo by
David Byrne yeah surprisingly good movie
well oh I kind of don't like Sean Penn I
don't know how you feel about him
there's something about him that I find
off-putting well I mean he's like a
dickhead well I think that might be part
of it it's just yeah I know he's kind of
a dick in real life movies but I really
liked him in that this must be the place
it's like an aging rock star those big
in the 80s is a really bizarre kind of
very like feminine voice he still has
the big like Robert Smith type hair it's
good okay that sounds interesting I know
and I'd like I know he's like one of
those guys I know he's a good actor I
don't care about any movies and yeah or
makes there's like other than Fast Times
at Ridgemont High of course of course
his famous role as Spicoli you know what
was the big one
about where he was like a mentally
challenged father like I am Sam I'm
saying I never cared I think it's Dakota
Fanning is the daughter or like milk
historical biopic
oh yeah the Harvey gay rights act
there's something something about him
right there's just something about him
where I'm like yeah well he's the lead
I'm not as interested in his movie seems
so calculated yeah I'm like no this is
my this is it all art it's all Oscar
bait like that's how it is and I hate it
I hate it I'm sure they're fine movies
he's a fine actor I just I think it's
why I like this must be the place
well I mean it's a good movie but like
why I was more open to watching it than
other movies that he's in because it was
just like this little kind of unassuming
movie that came out of nowhere
oh it wasn't one of his yeah like Oscar
Bates I think all right you know what
that's fair that's actor that's actually
a very good recommendation all right
let's see here reversible psychology
says hey in a recent ask me anything
gabe newell founder of steam and the guy
who makes like all the portal games
half-life class big a big a bigwig in
the gaming industry confirmed that JJ
abrams movies that JJ abrams is making a
movie in the half-life portal universe
then he thought something it's
interesting that it's the half-life
portal universe now i know it was but
that's how you describe it rather than
portals in the f5 universe o co billing
well yeah portals huge those huge um
what do i think about that like it could
be great I really like that setting you
think some very important thing oh yeah
yeah right know that um like he could
make a good movie or he could make a bad
movie like I don't know anything about
portal or half-life but if it's a JJ
Abrams movie I'm sure it'll be very
nice-looking right it'll be very
exciting and there won't be a whole lot
going on
under the surface you know it's it's a
really it's a really great world yeah
especially portal but you know it's it's
wise I post-apocalypse
quasi like dystopian dictatorship very
interesting huh so well they would
probably start with just half life
probably half life movies what that
sounds like to me sorry I'm gonna get
dying but a die well oh yeah portal is
its own thing that just happens to be in
that universe cuz its quasi a popular
apocalyptic starting with portal would
be weird right well and and they're not
making a half-life or portal movie
they're making a movie set in that
universe what it's time to die you just
take his axe
I know I put my axe in his head they got
the stuck there and then I slowly calmly
ripped it out you know what that's
better I thought you were gonna take his
axe and then beat him with no no bud no
I have there that you know why they we
haven't talked about a script yet we
don't know if JJ is producing or
directing we there's there is no
knowledge except for it is in the works
um what's the thing that might be made
someday
exactly hey well how do you feel about
this thing that might be made someday
but doesn't exist in any fashion yeah
yeah so I'm sorry I cannot be any more
specific evil Lord David hey guys
David swinging by I've never been able
to see Jay live before just wanted to
let him know I liked him
well he's not on camera so you still
haven't seen it live I'm actually not in
the room right now
it's Agra everything I'm saying has been
pre-recorded it's very it's very bizarre
and we have to get the timing just right
there's a hole because if we do she's
just out of frame see if we don't that
happens
multi-shadow mu the college I am looking
at for film has a screenwriting teacher
who won't wrote Deathwish too over the
top and Goldy and the Bears okay here's
what I could tell you the guy who wrote
over the top
get in there the Sylvester Stallone
armwrestling semi truck driving father
bonding with his son movie also a cannon
movie really yeah
greatest of all time I've never seen it
Orissa for some reason I don't know why
I'm sure it's fun it is to lock oh sure
it's beautiful get to know that man
absolutely but I mean obviously I'm sure
that this school has other things to
offer but the man the man didn't write
terribly complex movies but he's also
written movies that have gotten made so
might have something to say sure and
remember you know it's not necessarily
about the classes it's about the people
you meet make you know get it getting in
a group letting a group and make shit in
college you get with people and make
shit those are the people who will get
you jobs later unless Steven Spielberg
starts teaching film classes you're
stuck with the guy who made over the top
stuck with over the top was awesome you
get the privilege of learning from
someone who has had a movie made boom
yeah even if it's over the top
fuckin I love all that stuff hey that's
thing that's the most over the top what
was shotgun in any game ever holy cow
you vaporized and now that's great
that's great jack rich oh and Susan - I
guess I'm sick as shit right now and
have been all day right now very sorry
me feel better and thanks for the hours
of entertainment you love them there we
go
you welcome kid don't die try and try
not to die don't have to have anything
too much more bad happen to you

[Part III]
confine it that's a fun little shirt I
love all my shirts all of your shirt
sure it's probably like an Etsy thing or
like a teespring might be well since I'm
sure that's not an officially licensed
shirt with these different brands on it
right well you know there it's just ship
outlines and so like that's probably not
vague enough where they can get away
with yeah this one says coffee and it's
from a coffee shop that I like going to
have a lot of t-shirts cyber BAM foam at
hey guys huge rlm fan I'm shooting my
first feature curious if you guys want
to check out some footage I think J in
particular might know know what happens
when you assume right it's an
atmospheric female serial killer pink
putting that wait wait till it's done
yeah wait till it's done then you pretty
pricey still have you listened to us
talk about anything we're dickheads we
are not supportive we're not gonna be
nice I subscribe to the idea of make
your thing yeah and put it out there yes
and and the right people will find it if
it's if they have an interest in
whatever that type of thing is it's true
that's very true
don't don't try and enforce it on people
right or they won't you know wallow and
obscurity but it's always a possibility
as well that's that's a - likelihood
actually it's you know that it comes up
every once in a while a five having I've
had this happened to me a few times
where people will give me kind of like
half of an idea or like this script
outline and be like what do you think of
this it's like that could be great does
it exist yet no because I look right you
know but I think you know they're hoping
that know if they just if they just hear
this idea they're gonna hop on board
nope
make you think first make your thing
make your thing you can do it I believe
in you but don't don't no no no no
previews make a thing
failure failure is always an option and
that's okay because the great thing
about people who make stuff is usually
we are driven to make more so even if we
fail we'll just keep going yeah until we
don't fail as hard passengers had an
a-plus script and look how that turned
out
right I thought passengers was making
like a ton of money I don't think it's
done okay
I like the trailer I like that Chris
Pratt
but then Jennifer Lawrence I am I like
Syfy jennifer whitt Jennifer Lawrence
yeah yeah oops wrong button
no battery no problem romance life I'm
sorry I got bad reviews I was actually
interested in seeing it before I started
seeing like yeah that's mama tur but
then again you said earlier don't listen
to something you think looks interesting
see it even if it's good all right you
know what maybe I'll seek it out anyway
no you never know
yeah there's you and you need to see a
rival first yeah you need to see you're
right I know I need to see a rival my
very good I'm sure passengers might be
fine but what you need is the arrival
just so we can talk about it captain
Terry kiss so for the record I could
play this all night okay
I know we've been here I know we've been
here hours we hadn't you know I'm not
gonna get tired of this oh heck Bob just
said we've been up for three hours and
45 minutes Wow my god it's 10:00 yeah
you know I maybe we could wrap it up
it's been I drove in from Madison today
I spent all yesterday drinking now
there's and it's drinking's hard work
I've got about four hours of sleep in
the last three days Jays coming from V
fest
we might need to wrap it up just for
sanity steak yeah yeah great I think
this is the the least I've slept at B
Fest this year really I think I slept
because I know you always tried to like
sleep a little bit here and there yeah
you know maybe 20 minutes a half an hour
here and there I think I maybe slept for
less than an hour
this entire B fest but you said it
wasn't even a good B fest
know that why there was a couple times
where I tried to sleep and I just
couldn't fall asleep it messes with your
brain that B fest epic jason says do you
think the metroid movie could work if a
competent director made it it's alien
metroid is alien
it's literally based off of the movie
alien about a badass female bounty
hunter with a gun for an arm of course
it could be awesome is it gonna be
awesome probably not like there's a
really much story material to work with
it's okay the aliens did you shoot the
aliens that's all you need the what will
the Metroid movie will fail when someone
tries to put a story in there the video
game movies right then does it need to
be a movie is what I'm saying right and
it doesn't need to be a movie but it's
it looks visually interesting mostly
because it was based off of the alien
universe and it could be a fun action
movie but yeah they're gonna try to
shove some sort of oh no Samus is
getting married she has a kid now and
the kid there were a lot of people like
the Mortal Kombat movie cuz it's just
kind of a whole lot of fighting it is an
adaptation of what that game is and it
doesn't get bogged up I mean nothing
it's a good movie or anything but it is
what the game is you know in movie form
I I've never heard the the sentence
isn't that why people like the Mortal
Kombat
before people like that movie but I've
never heard that for what it is I didn't
want have to get a sequel people like
the tack of the clones you know okay I'm
gonna I'm gonna put myself out here a
little bit
speaking of movies someone in the chat
mentioned a movie after seeing the
second trailer for the Power Rangers
movie I'm a little hyped for it it looks
kind of Awesome I'm the second trailer
makes it look not as bad as the first
one but and still doesn't look
particularly good I also I have no
connection to the Power Ranger franchise
so I couldn't care less but I only like
I started watching it a few years ago
when my kids were watching it and a
couple episodes are pretty good so like
I have no like deep nostalgia for it
yeah well you know what you make a
little you make an action movie where
we're teenagers you know get power suits
and punch aliens like I'm I think it
might be okay with this I think I'm I
think I'm getting a little excited for
the Power Rangers movie and at least you
have an excuse to see it you can take
your kids right to dark for them if it
looks too dark for him then it's then
it's shitty cuz Power Rangers should be
for little kids power means you should
be for little kids absolutely and I
guess that'll be the question is I'll
have to I'll have to do some research
because I made that mistake with rogue
one people people grow up and they want
to make the franchise's for children
that they loved as children into adult
franchise okay yeah rogue one is of
course a prime example I'm example that
and yeah if they go full rogue one then
I won't be able to take the kids I'll
still go see it could become a little
excited hopefully hopefully it's good
for kids because they they love that
stuff kung fu fighting giant robots big
monsters I love that stuff what am I
talking about that stuff in the new
Power Rangers movie yeah did you see the
trailer the swords they got the Zords oh
I don't know they fucking fight gold
it's they morph it into the big Megazord
awesome are you speaking some form of
English I'm not familiar with it they
have the giant fighting the giant
monster versus the Megazord that guy's
in big costumes though it's not guys in
big costumes unfortunately it's gonna be
CG right I do love the guys in the big
cardboard costumes that's part of that
it's like Godzilla like that's part of
the charm this guy in a big rubber suit
fucking let's take that away and it's
just like generic looking modern movie
yeah but is you know what as long as
it's fun huh I'll give it I'll give it a
pass maybe at least this new trailer
made it look like there's some humor to
it that first trailer looks so serious
right all brooding nobody wants to see a
gritty serious Power Rangers movie
nobody nobody wants to see that none of
us grew up with the Power Rangers are
the kids who grew up with the Power
Rangers and they're adults do they want
to see a gritty Power Rangers movie
that's the question it's not really for
us right it's for the generation right
below yes I'll have to ask my
brother-in-law
yeah he's his little brother Prime Power
Rangers age oh sure he's an adult now is
he high for a more adult Power Rangers
movie that's that's the question yeah
but he also has like taste in movies not
bigger their target audience I wonder I
wonder
Brian Kent Cranston is is or Tom yep
Zordon Cranston huh poor Bryan Cranston
no he was in he was like a plenty a
putty in the original Power Rangers
Bryan Cranston yeah he got a start on
the Power Rangers show really out of
putty or he did he do the voice of alpha
or something no no not alpha this is the
first I've heard of him any any
association with Power Rangers like one
of his first gigs was on the Power
Rangers TV show well that's interesting
and that's why he's that's why he's
doing this one is huh yeah hold on let
me look it up
I've never heard this before let me look
it up it's very possible I'm saying an
inaccurate thing he'll always be Tim
Watley the dentist from Seinfeld to me
that puts you under and potentially does
ling-su you while you're under the
dentist who converted to Judaism first
and then offends you as a Jewish man no
it offends me is a comedian let's see
what we got here I'm looking I'm looking
through his IMDB here third Rock from
the Sun we're getting closer Saving
Private Ryan did not know that someone
felled Babylon 5 man this man works you
know working actor you take what you can
get since forever his first kind of
breakout was malcolm in the middle'
right oh yeah yeah that was his first
like Mighty Morphin Power Ranger Mighty
Morphin Power Ranger he played both twin
man and sneezer dumb voice voice work Oh
voice work ok because you know the back
end back in the original Power Rangers
say they would use the old footage from
the Japanese show but so he just did
voice work as twin man and sneeze hard
okay in 1993 I mean yes sneeze guard was
like a giant nose I'm sure it's exactly
that oh that's interesting that it
realize that I'm gonna need that he has
a connection to it I guess I think
that's why that's why everything is now
I'm super pipe super pumped super pumped
and now no I couldn't wait to see it now
he's gonna be Zordon man that means
nothing to you he's made it knows
everyone's the big floating head thing
he's a big floating man oh man
I get C from the voice of a better miner
bad guy to the leader of the Power
Rangers Iran doesn't mean anything to me
either honestly and it was we did was
you know a critically acclaimed
television show
it's way more important than a Power
Rangers movie new.we more important to
you j-just to you I'm going to assume to
most people yes I need teenagers with
attitude these teenagers look like they
got some motherfucking attitude no I'm
talking about I love I love the original
like opening of the Power Rangers Rita
Repulsa has escaped her prison on the
moon we need teenagers with attitude
that was it that was all the setup you
need you know what they're like you know
I'm a big guy that believes in like
action as theming frameworks and in that
first season there were a couple really
solid episodes I sorry I know I'm sure
there was I'm dealing I'm getting way
too deep into Power Rangers mostly cuz
you know I was like I was watching with
my kids like there's something in there
it's okay but like they had this whole
episode where they each had they said
like a special Power Rangers weapon okay
and they were still figuring out how to
work as a team and they discovered that
if they work right they can put all
their weapons together to make a super
weapon and so like the action intertwine
with the story and a neat and
interesting way and so they got some
shit right and I will never discuss
power range Power Rangers that
thoroughly every you right I'm
practicing for the next nerd crew all
about the Power Rangers
she's reader she but they're not gonna
call her Rita Repulsa they will not call
her that in this movie because that's
too silly do you want me to look up I
recently for our grown ups Power Rangers
you want me to look up IMDB all right
man they better fucking call her you
know Paulson
or else what listen what are you going
to do about oh I will I will raise heck
no I just think it'd be funny if they
call the reader in falsi all right
I'm looking at the IMDB casts credits
for the new Power Rangers movie okay
guesses on what her name is
well it's gonna be I think they say Rita
and the trailer don't think I'm mistaken
just read it yeah it'll just be read oh
just be Rita yeah
officially it might be listed as Rita
Repulsa but they might not say that in
the film it is listed officially as Rita
Repulsa okay they will not say it in the
movie bill haters Elfa 500 I like that
bill hate it it says read of repulse oh
I hope they call a read it Rita Repulsa
the alien queen who has been trapped on
the moon you know you would love that
like if they went follow it they went
completely cheesy maybe wouldn't that be
great clearly not doing that oh yeah no
I mean I get it I don't blame them for
what they are doing Rudd I have no
interest in it I think it'd be great
I don't want full I want full schlock
sure that would be wonderful
yeah based on the trailers that's not
what it is yeah well especially that
first tram well that first trailer just
looked like Chronicle which was shocking
well you know at one point max did a
draft of it really didn't use his draft
and they made a new one but the new one
looks just like an early max I am having
fun like I said I think out of all of us
I have watched the most Power Rangers
which is saying I've watched any Power
Rangers know I've seen a little bit here
and there okay but like not much but I
mean I siblings watch
my boys were so into I have seen like
eight different Power Ranger shows full
series yeah they're in so many different
ones right the only thing I've ever seen
was the original well the original
American wanted my name what was the
footage they took it from was a was the
name of that show oh right
Felicia me shabby super happy super Gaby
super sense sires for six but whatever
the original Fox show was seen a little
bit of that and then I saw the movie
night I took my younger siblings to see
the movie with Ivan ooze and that was
garbage with eight
shimmy-shimmy shoot superb Liberty
bloobity yeah you've got it right rich
well you can't you can't blame them for
wanting to turn it super serious Batman
vs Superman made a lot of money didn't
make expected money but it made a lot of
money and so like they're following
formulas that's what a lot of Hollywood
does they something has worked so we're
gonna do a little something that worked
it would be great what does even better
when you do something that doesn't
follow formula and is also really good
then you get like it like a Deadpool
yeah yeah which I mean you could say oh
it's another comic movie but it's sort
of taking the piss out of comic book
movies mm-hmm and it just does its own
thing
super kungfu fun time warriors its name
what that wasn't called suit man how do
you know I think it was like it was like
super sentai or something like that oh
okay there was something like that
what a translate to I fuck fuck man
super happy funtime warriors I don't
know fuck me I have seen a few episodes
of that just cuz I was curious yeah and
it's very different it's very very
different like their episodes it was it
was almost slice of life like time time
was a wasn't sped up at all like 20
minutes of show was 20 minutes of their
time interesting and so like the Power
Rangers in the American version got
their weapons in like 2 episodes yeah
and here like the entire season was them
walking from their base to get their
weapons episode weapons that was season
1 walking so you know it's it's very
very different television and the Yellow
Ranger is a guy oh yeah I think I
remember hearing that somewhere which is
why like the pink ranger has a little
dress on around fit yeah
so wad well I got sharone's fascinated
by her power ranger station this is all
I got rich names I'm done I'm never I'm
not gonna stop you know I'm just not
gonna stop okay oh wait we've had a few
more tips we will address these tips and
then we will thank people who subscribed
to us more recruit more praise for you
says Jay what are your thoughts in the
films of Terry Gilliam or Monty Python I
like my Python mmm I took me a long time
to get into Monty Python because I knew
like theater geeks in high school that
they love Monty Python and they quote it
endlessly and it's so obnoxious it their
enthusiasm ruin it for you I did it did
but then when I finally started watching
money Python stuff was like okay I get
it it's funny but theater kids man yeah
they fucking ruin Monty Python yeah
Python just fine I love a Monty Python I
love I like my favorite movie of theirs
I know everyone loves Life of Brian my
favorite is the meaning of life which is
like the least so you mean you mean Holy
Grail for the most people's favorite I
think most people's favorite is Holy
Grail probably okay I feel like it both
both of those two or you're kind of
pretty well liked and then a lot of
people don't like meaning of life but I
think there's some really nation meanie
the meaning of life isn't that just
skits they did on the TV show that they
resemble I think it is working story
yeah unless I'm thinking of the wrong
one I remember watching that and saying
I saw that's good before I saw that's
good no there's another one
war is another movie that's made up of
skits it's a different one that's a
different one okay meaning of life was
their last like movie together right but
it is like shorts yeah yeah that's why I
like it like I didn't I I don't really I
know everybody loves like Life of Brian
and and Holy Grail and they're funny but
I kind of like the it's almost like
stream-of-consciousness with variety of
life and some of it I think is really
really funny so that's my favorite movie
of theirs that's a good one it's that
that's their most interesting I think so
yeah it's like visual like cuz their
other ones look so
I mean Holy Grail well I'm sure they
were I'm sure they were but there's like
an ambition to the the visuals and
meaning of life that I really like
agreed and I just think some of the
skits are really really funny like was
that's what it was called yes different
was the movie made of skits yes yep yep
all right Jay you mentioned lenses and
cameras how did you shoot your weddings
back in the day
well does it matter to anything Jay
doesn't need to answer I just need to
read the thing oh well no here's the
important part will you take those
lessons you learned for the upcoming
blanket wedding yes sure that's the
answer
great great I think they were just
digging for dirt right they're like what
can you tell us about what wedding she
shedder that was like a decade ago now
honestly any any Cammeray say that we
used is completely outdated now right it
doesn't matter unless unless you want
are you shooting your movie on mini DV
tape probably you're probably not gonna
want any of that advice all right
it is a time in which we will say the
names of all the people who have
subscribed to us during this stream much
like Sean who is subscribed to us for 16
months in a row and Sean says keeping my
subscription for another month because I
need an alibi
hello witnesses to my location it's
funny I get seven of Borgnine says I'm
so glad I can subscribe with twitch
Prime that way I have more money for my
that's the comedy mirror at Yale Maz for
18 months in our rich yeah I'm hungry
and thirsty which way should I go left
great casual horse 14 months in a row
Trent UK has recent which Prime in room
for you guys switch from does not
automatically keep you subscribed so if
you do subscribe to us using twitch
prime hit that subscribe button again it
doesn't cost you a damn penny or
subscribe to someone else it doesn't
need to be as you get a free
subscription every month Moki something
about third box Jack well you got a kill
house okay inert III enjoy paying my
mortgage also know we got new nerd crate
nerd nerd crazy get yes Harry
o box that's what it is geek crate get
it right motherfucker loves our sponsors
are driving over here right now to kick
my ass
also audible everyone does audible
audible and what's the website building
one oh yeah square soft square space
space square space backslash good
colonoscopy that's the only one they
would give that's the only backslash
they would give us mochi b85 Oh 431
fucking months in a row Mokey's is 31
months sub totally worth it just for the
XCOM mochi suicide run fun fun times
afraid hair ashada JRR Lovecraft
bill la eka 431 fucking months in a row
Villa hecka says 31 months I'm trying to
figure out what went wrong with my life
maybe I'll give it a couple more months
thanks Bill and the sea poo MC poo says
Jack beer I really did have a great I
just it's day drinking it's it's hard
work because you have to maintain a
level of drunkenness and once you go up
to the next level
you can't go back down again that's your
call sleep yeah and so you go back up
then you have to stay at that level and
you have to operate a camera it's tricky
business
it's tricky tricky business portal is
poor
Nik and Tim were soaking wet with
different kinds of gears and Nick
doesn't even really like beer he doesn't
drink a lot of beer oh he's like a mixed
drink guy and so it's just like and like
a lot of this is like craft dark syrupy
he's not having a good but we had a lot
of fun
Cerie champion says da almost year to
come is good M see our gamer 1979 creep
mobile 23 fucking months in a row creep
mobile says less than three that's also
a possibly a heart emoji dee dee k FF IV
says my girlfriend just realized
Jack was fuck bought 5,000 and is now
sad why why would that make you stand
who did she think it was an actual robot
did you think it was a big-name actor
doing unknown cameo it was Chris Pratt
he's great time a foam bath
ray says so wait I can pay money to have
my words come out of your mouth I'm time
foam bath ray and this is how I talk
that's actually really creepy no that
was really creepy time foam Bryson 1979
far tickets third a kiss has been a fan
of rlm since Gamestation 2.0 the course
is a class a gateway for a lot of people
I think I love it that that was the
start I guess oh they talk about movies
too I guess many things for the years I
guess they're branching out oh man I
wish wish I wish rich would spend less
time talking about moon would make more
game stations many thanks for you
of insufferable yet amusing
entertainment hawk oopah says hey guys
your streams and the work at our LM are
great and always a lot of fun to watch
please accept this Amazon money as
compensation no we'll take it and it's
free to you it's great quiz Lee you know
what I don't think I do anything with my
Amazon Prime I should subscribe to us to
would that be in poor taste well I don't
think it would really do anything right
no it's no extra money for me like I
don't pay yeah but you pay for Amazon
Prime
yeah but I'm paying for that no matter
what yeah you'd be losing out because
you'd be splitting it with me but I'm
still ahead
oh that's true - yeah quiz quiz Lily
sorry quiz Lily atomic mousetrap count
mipi says whoo six months thanks for the
fun streams you guys have more reviews
planned I'm currently editing one now
and
we'll be out shortly I had to take the
weekend off because I was a Madison's
drinking
Joerg gone nah more Z no trope for 30
fucking months in a row what modifier
does one get for 30 plus months the only
way to find out thanks for the streams
then the next modifier comes at 36 yeah
cuz that would be three years we should
have waited on the 20 24 I would have
happened I was going tens and I thought
tens worked first was 12
was it yeah 12 months is the first one
shit and then we went to 20 I don't know
why she's dumb that's what happened so
now we're waiting 36 for the full yeah
yeah oh we don't know what the fuck
we're gonna do yet it's probably to be a
game day decision will be honest we
don't think about things ahead of time a
lot 6 log good no you know no you know
what it's gonna be what you lose all the
other ones so we no longer say fucking
or anything it's just that it's done
it's done you had your fun he's done
start over now you gotta start over
subscribe for we're 20 more months 6
lugubrious says I enjoy your podcasts
with unrelated game footage keep it up
guys I think that's why a lot of people
GE 6 6 6 6 hometown mark up for 29
fucking months in a row antique whiskey
jelly sickle 101 old handsaw since 6
months and I still find you guys
tolerable huzzah that's all we're asking
that's all we're asking merchant of
cabbage
brontosaurus says our politics replacing
Jack and Rich's friendship cuddle my
bottle no no we're still friends even
though we disagree on things because
that's how adults work and that's how
stuff gets accomplished because will
disagree on stuff and then maybe find a
middle ground
it's crazy hair Tetsu twenty four
fucking months in a row there tats who
says cheers to the new mrs. J s Lincoln
Love Finds away turn into a whole thing
there exposes some ad-libs they're good
they're really okay now they're
expecting like I think the whole thing
and you knew that no II didn't who
edited the episode they're expecting it
because we haven't done a big thing in a
while I'm not saying you need to you
know I don't know credit so I don't know
for people who don't know J Mike have a
nasty habit of leaving my name out of
cracks I know I only appeared it for
five seconds just wondering I'm gonna
guess not but where were we not me
missus I get I get my full frickin name
said so many times rich Evans like not
just rich you get you get credited when
you're not in episode it's true just to
make sure I'm the face of the company
yeah absolutely we're a poke Alex in the
eye says living each minute like it's my
last which is a distinct possibility now
no I'm sorry no step down attack getting
tetanus tetanus yep
cheapo left or I don't know one of the
other numerous ways that someone can die
I mean I guess we're all out of them we
could all die at any moment
Chiba left beer coaster
this toots room be best eight months
Sara Vic says prereq jabe RB snake
prereq j RB snake prereq j RB snake
prereq j RB snakes what I'm sure those
were supposed to be emoticons it did not
translate to this I don't know what RB
snake is that's something and then you
prereq JS your face so some other image
in your face and other they mention your
face
befo Potamus for thirty one fucking
months in a row cube fruity toes for 31
fucking months in a row fruity ptosis
rich is life maiden la tub
dee dee dee de dee da e DD y de dee
stray cat 72 says grab a fencepost hold
it tight whomp your partner with all
your might hit him in the chin hit him
in the head
hit him again that critter ain't dead
skip to the Lou my darlin grab a
fencepost hold the time whomp your
partner with all your mind heat him in
the chin heat him in the head hit him
again that critter ain't dead I like it
I was trying to get the timing of your
rifle get to the Lou my darlin no fear
no Envy for 23 fucking months in a row
says sorry Mike go Falcons sir glacis
death John says I don't catch you alive
very often but I watch almost every
stream later thank you for cheering me
up after every bad day at work you guys
are my I just need to zone out for a few
hours entertainment of choice Thank You
Dez John we appreciate them you know how
to bed work at that bad day at work
today yeah Aaron Rodgers
a very bad day at work try there were
parts of the game where it felt like he
was gonna just say fuck it I'm gonna do
everything myself
there's no one catching or was he thrown
like shit cuz he's he sometimes throws
like shit everything else seemed like no
one was open yeah as ex excellent burned
the sick burn
alright sky dandy for 28 fucking months
in a row the sue abides Theodore J
hooker 29 fucking months in a row
nasty flat 17 months in a row I forgot
when we started the fucking phlearn dip
Timothy Yeager says four months meat
xxxx devastators says please play more
terrible video games like the seventh
best that was a fun stream that was a
fun stream except for everyone who said
it was the worst remember J three nine
five zekiel jeans says I'm too lazy to
get up in pee it hurts
hey J pimps all says with Colleen
watching the screen with Colleen
watching that stream not the Trump kind
what oh he likes watching ladies pee
meda meda not not aj pimps all about Roy
meadow van you made it out sound awful
lot like a J pimp saw was one who liked
watching P well he was no AJ pimp saw is
saying he's watching this dream not the
kind of stream that Donald Trump likes a
walk
I'm killing works no matter the
constraint had a medival van says hey
don't forget to buy eggs or to watch
movie thank you for subscribing you I've
officially made me lose my voice for the
night oh my god yeah it's gone yep we
really appreciate it
each and every one of you thank you so
much for coming out sorry that jalopy
was so boring hopefully some space
marine made up for it surprised a visit
this is it's like Christmas space chute
blowing up orcs do you fight anything
else yes eventually okay last third of
the game you fight entirely different
things okay I'm not saying the orchestra
baggage is the very same all right well
we're gonna wear yeah if we can get rich
just to pause the game for a second we
could slap the stream you have to stop
killing works just prove like ten
seconds ten seconds if you can do ten
seconds tap it eight thousand nine
