Sep 10, 2017
XCOM 2: War of the Chosen
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/175198066
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/175472323
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q2zi8nx-214
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rzl6hFC1-n4
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/906974320865501185

[Part I]
all right you want trying to sound down
here for us I mean you know it's lovely
music all right XCOM to is downloading
we made a couple Grievous errors I
underestimated XCOM to sheer size with
the word chosen DLC and all the other
DLC and I know what your figure this was
it's what we looked at was 60 gigabytes
the whole thing that the whole thing
altogether is 60 gigabytes and you know
it's not that war of the chosen is 60
gigabytes
we actually had removed XCOM 2 from this
computer based reasons you know we only
have so much hard drive and so we we
needed something to play while we wait
for it to download I don't even know if
it will download for tonight cinnamon it
is good to prepare ahead of time it's
true you know the problem is there's the
thing I did prepare ahead of time it was
a like a three-and-a-half hour download
and we're down to like an hour and
something now right I thought like two
hours that'd be plenty there's very good
internet two hours be playing like a
great internet here the studio nope no
no no hello welcome
hello what's my fortune look I like
today what I did not see it rich did you
see it now I don't have any interested
in it yeah I needed to i-i've I have no
particular fond love for the old it or
anything I might see it sooner or later
but I don't really care all right I'm
probably gonna be too busy with farm to
mind today so I'm just gonna take care
of my animals properly yep yeah and I
saw a couple of you
the offline streaming image makes Jack
tan - I listen I got tan this summer all
right I was outside a lot it happens
it's crazy was I say the four for those
I saw some people talk about Rich's
coffee farm and it's me I'm going to
make a coffee farm yeah that's desk
Jack's plan my as soon as it comes out
for the switch and apparently they've
already sent it in for testing for the
switch I don't even know where to buy
coffee I got it from the traveling
salesman yeah that's that's going to be
my only goal is to make a coffee
plantation I I don't know if there's an
other spot where you can get it or if
it's like a random thing that only shows
up the Traveling Salesman I'm not sure
oh right it'll be it'll be tricky
you know like I'll have some animals too
cuz it's always nice to have animals
like I want a fully functional barn but
eventually the only crop I will have is
coffee
that's move that's my plan
you guys should enable bits I can't use
Paypal to donate to you guys for reasons
we I will keep that in mind and if
enough people ask us to enable bits I
will we choose not to only because
there's already a lot happening in chat
and bits is just another thing and you
know we are to do the PayPal tips and if
you go over to bits and maybe you know
it's just one of those things if we keep
hearing from enough people we will do
bits but so fine line between wanting
your money and feeling like a whore oh
no I have more ways to give us money
that's the thing I have no problem
feeling like a whore I just want to be
an efficient horror rich and you know we
already have this stream tip thing going
on so if we do the bits I would also
then feel like we should get rid of the
stream tip just to make sure that we are
an efficient whore
horde of gentlemen like as long as
you're a good whore I don't think it
matters what makes a bad whore I mean
many things like a strange concept to me
what is difference when a good and a bad
horror jack well one who does not give
you the products you're looking for I
suppose would be a bad or or or offers
of bad products for the money like I
said for for me a big part of it would
be I don't want too much clutter I feel
like that would to take away from our
product okay
and so we stream tips and bits and chats
and subscriber notifications and
everything just everything is bleeping
at once right just just asking the deep
questions what makes a bad whore that's
that is the deep question why not
integrate the bits tips into your
current tip system the current tip
system actually just comes to us and
doesn't go through chat the thing I
would need to look into for bits is
whether or not we could archive the bit
tips because sometimes when when you tip
us sometimes we won't read it for a few
minutes because we're in the middle of a
conversation right right
and so with bit tips might be different
it might be different
how much of the bits money does twitch
get they get a cut but you know just
like PayPal gets a cut
nothing too different there so someone
gets a cut either way huh someone's
getting a cut no matter what I I don't
have anything against twitch getting the
cut of that as they yeah they've done
good by us but you know well thank you
but if twitch takes a bigger cut than
PayPal then maybe that's where the whore
and me kind of steps up and says no the
horn you wants that you want to leave
the whore me wants the bigger cut Jack
you just want to talk to your pimp and
be like hey listen I appreciate all the
pimping business that you do for me but
I have options okay I'm a freelance
Horror
have I ever been on a cruise ship I've
never been on a big cruise ship I think
I feel like that would infuriate me I
would hate to be on a big cruise ship a
while a while back when I was a teenager
I took a pretty small cruise me my
cousin and my grandma we took a trip to
the Galapagos Islands and followed
Darwin's discovery path which was an
amazing time you know you get to see all
the weird variations of the animals that
are living in the tropical penguins and
birds that only exist there because of
the the fun climate but and it was a
cruise ship but the cruise ship held
like twelve people so it wasn't one of
those giant cruise ships it was very
small it was an artisanal cruise sounds
like a party
ya know it was it was really neat it was
it was an incredible trip just you know
I got to go snorkeling with giant sea
tortoises because you know everything
there was like there wasn't a lot of
human traffic so they just thought I was
another big fish and I was uh there
wasn't a lot of human trafficking that's
good there's an odd just kind of place
you want to go for especially when
you're on the cruise you know in a place
far far away from America
Touche the few nights we had to stay in
Ecuador were a little you know a little
shaky just you know yeah yeah well you
know I was younger then and it's just
definitely like huh kind of kind of
sketchy where we're staying here in
Ecuador but a weird place for my pig to
leave a truffle up on you're up on your
plaque my grandfather's shrine hearing
that your pig the pig loved your
grandfather they'll take the pig now I
know my grand
their God antic pigs loved him takes a
fucking liar see tortoises I'm sure was
that sea turtle iya what's the
difference between a turtle and a
tortoise uh flippers which one has the
flipper I'm not sure that's a guess okay
my guess would be how aquatic they are
turtles are more aquatic than certain
tortoises I don't know I don't know
either
I said tortoise just cuz I thought it
was a funnier word I don't know if that
was necessarily the correct word to use
so my apologies to turtle files
what is rich doing Oh winter is coming
yeah and so I want to make sure I have
plenty of hay for my barnyard animals so
I am I am cutting down a bunch of hay
that is going into my silos so I can
feed my animals during the winter yeah
all right I think it's full
there you go babe 480 or 480 boom cast
they're working I'm a star fruit wine ad
you know I probably also need a
distillery in my farm yeah like all the
things that I love you know you can
build a building and just put kegs in
there that's the thing you know I can
make wine beer and coffee beans and that
could be my farm that'd be nice so
you're supposed to play the game right
make your own goal yeah yeah you're
making a herpetologist incredibly angry
learn the difference between a turtle
and a tortoise or face our ram tell us
what it is that matter educator that
would have been housed tortoises us as
someone else not the herpetologist our
land animals turtles are evolved to live
mostly in water okay so that I was
swimming with a giant sea turtle
so the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles are
tortoises they're in the sewers so they
lay they could live in water you don't
necessarily need flippers you just need
to spend most of your life in water I
don't think they spend most of their
life in water but Teenage Mutant Ninja
Turtles but did they when they were
Turtles that's the queer tour tour you
know that's the question
teenage Mutant hero tortoises yeah
people people in chat are saying they
were definitely water based the turtles
the Ninja Turtles yes so it's correct
when they were little Turtles obviously
not one that would you know I'll guess
they're teenagers not adults well and
but even as teenagers they're in the
sewer a lot they'll swim in the sewage
you know what I want to say in each of
the live-action movies they do make a
plot point of them surviving in water
fuck those movies what do you mean fuck
those movies I mean fuck those movies oh
the first one was pretty fun the second
one got a little slack
person was ok the first one was very
very much in line with the original
comics yeah the second one you know that
it took a different route it took a more
vanilla icy route and fun it was still
fine we can't have the Ninja Turtles ah
be ninjas can they hit people with maybe
abalone and yo-yos I don't know what if
shredder turned into like a mutant
shredder
oh go ninja go ninja go go ninja go
ninja go ninja ninja wrap everyone love
that song the national project that is
not true a national treasure absolutely
not true national treasure Ryo toka and
raise our remember them and the other
mutants that's great yeah they never had
a good fight no I think I think they
made him eat doughnuts that was their
fight
or were they teenage ninja Terrapins
what's a Terrapin you guys are crazy now
I guess I cut down some wood or
something somewhere geez look you would
love a stardew valley sk game except for
you're running a brewery that'd be
interesting
III just fear that it would get old
after a while
cousin you're only doing the one thing
that's the thing with stardew valley is
you can diversify it gives you more
options
some people just mind some Oh chicken
got left out a chicken chicken so
outside in the coal I can't learn out on
that I gotta open the door wait for him
to go in and close the door behind him
there was the third teenage Ninja
Turtles movie yes it was that was the
turtles in time movie nobody for all
practical purposes was straight-to-video
oh yeah but it was it was a it was a
movie they in they had a TV series which
was awful live action
live action Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
TV series that uh quite famously created
the character of Venus the girl yeah
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle that had
turtle boobs because that's something
everyone wanted
yeah let's see here Anonymous's Jack
hope the diets going well chat will help
you stay strong one question do you find
that when you reach your cheat day you
are tempted not to cheat so your
progress isn't spoiled no oh never
because like when Saturday comes around
I am just hungry and like I'm ready
I am absolutely ready and also cheat day
is an important part of my diet because
it helps reset my body's fat-burning
abilities you know like you trick your
body like you shove so many calories
into your body that your body says ok oh
we're getting we're getting calories
again let's realize you know let's kick
up the the burnin it's a high gear and
that's a lot of truffles there's a lot
of truffles like if you ever hear some
people say you can eat too little food
on a diet because then your body
compensates for the little amount of
food that you're eating as far as your
energy output is concerned and so cheat
day is also really important to make
sure that it tricks my body but but no I
love it
it's it's going away it's going alright
last week diet wise I had a I had a
stagnant week which is very strange and
that'll happen sometimes but like I at
the end of the week I had not gained or
lost any weight as compared to the week
before even though I was on diet all
week so that was a little strange
sometimes you guys are just hurtful why
would they do everyday is a cheat day
for rich ovens oh come on guys come on
guys get it together
you said mean things both in a ton to 64
that's why rich that's why they're mean
to you because you were mean to a 30
year old gaming into my video game
console Miggs everything I say up on him
alright
so in any case a bit of a stagnant week
but after Saturday this morning my I had
not gained nearly as much as I do on a
regular Saturday even though I ate and
drank quite a lot last night so you know
it and diets going fine
still staying strong staying strong why
don't I say about the Nintendo 64 um
rich tone do you want to get it started
you know what I don't give a shit jack
anything any day any time
go ahead do it sales are things uh
because of this shitty texture memory
that game had even for the time it came
out the textures are all horrible and
low res and that shitty blurring filter
they put over it to try and hide it
makes every game in that system look
like a fuzzy blurry mess it's ugly it's
an ugly system it always has been I'm
sorry you know I don't think it was that
bad I just don't think it was that bad
for the time it was it was all right you
like Supergirl yeah what's wrong exam
nothing I'm just saying I'm just saying
just saying one
oh listen a lot of the games did look
really bad but I'll defended many of the
games on the system there are some good
games on it I'm not saying you should
hate everything about the n64 I'm quite
fond of I love Star Fox oh yeah I don't
know that it's aged quite as well but
Mario 64 sure and as much as I give a
shit I don't hate the Zelda game I'm
there right which I'm not gonna say
because whatever it's always an issue
yeah when I say that every time you know
like Mario 64 I don't have any
particular hate for it but I wouldn't
put it like on my top 5 Mario games you
know yeah it would be one of the lowest
Mario games just because the other ones
are so much better the count as a
mainline Mario game which one all of the
3d marios yes because even though we
were in a 3d space they utilized the
same basic mechanics okay running and
jumping the old 2d platformers about
exploration though no okay just about
running and jumping because you can
argue that it's about as different from
the 2d platformers as like Paper Mario
Mario RPG Mario was missing those those
take on completely different gameplay
elements Mario X come bar no those are
gonna see those are completely different
Mario 64 is just running and jumping
yeah but it's that's less running and
jumping for skills sake and more running
and jumping to look around and explore I
mean that this is not saying it's
terrible this is just me saying it's
different
I don't think it's different enough to
warrant being part of a different series
and I don't think it's as different as
stuff like Mario RPG or Paper Mario
Mario XCOM so I would argue that the the
mario the new super mario brothers games
are more in line with a mainline classic
Mario Brothers game oh sure yeah I'll be
with you there but that doesn't see to
me that doesn't discount something even
like Super Mario Galaxy which
theoretically has less exploring than
than like a Super Mario Sunshine yeah
they both have platforming as the core
mechanic and so even though they might
be in different presentations they uh
it's basically the same Jack but it'd be
crazy if we if we decided to stream
through every game that featured Mario
every Mario game like not just the
platformers but the mario is missing the
Luigi's Mansion to completion or
completion let's start with that tank
starting starting with and go Khurana
like and like us doing it not like
professional speedrunners of these games
right do it within hours how long would
that take quite a long time
I would guess so we'd have to go
chronologically horse yeah donkey : Oh
every game that even features my donkey
kong I would say that's a that's the
first Mario game that's a totally a
Mario game Donkey Kong is a Mario game
oh yeah I mean ya know I'm with you I I
agree with you there I I'm trying to
think of it's even a platformer right
the though one the difficult part was
something like Donkey Kong or you know
the original Mario Brothers
is because their arcade games there's no
real finish so we would just play those
four you know yeah well you see every
screen there is I think that's to
completion it's like four or five
different screens you can get to in
Donkey Kong sure that that'd be tough
maybe just three or four the blue one
the normal one pink slanted girders I
staged I would be down for something
like you know and any every stream every
game that has Mario in the title this
would take too long for something that
we should bother with ever you know we
can just start a new will start a new
segment rich uh-huh
and it'll be called Mario Mondays and
another streaming day just for this the
the question is do we play them we I
mean we need some ground rules
yeah I'm listening I'm listening I think
I think the ground rules would be only
every game with Mario every game of
Mario alright debatably debatably even
punch because that's got a Mario camp
you don't every game that you play as
Mario alright alright that's it then you
leave out Luigi's Mansion nearly
valerie's me leave out yo you don't you
don't you don't throw in Luigi in there
too for being one of the Mario Brothers
every well it's called Mario if we're
gonna call Mario Brothers Monday that's
a different thing okay okay
I wouldn't mind seeing you guys play
dance dance revelution Mario Mario mix
with the Nintendo make it oh see they
are these the rules I've a mage just
sent us a list hold on I saw that I have
a mage oh look Oh too many chats video
games featuring Mario are you ready yeah
I'm listening
okay we got Donkey Kong Donkey Kong jr.
yeah
Donkey Kong - Mario's cement factory
Mario's bombs away Mario Brothers see
you wrecking crew I haven't gotten to it
yet okay
Mario Brothers special Donkey Kong
circus punch ball Mario Brothers Donkey
Kong hockey tennis versus tennis tennis
pinball golf vs. golf wrecking crew
Super Mario Brothers vs Super Mario
Brothers I am a teacher Super Mario
sweater yes I am a teacher
Super Mario sir I was on the PC as an
educational game all night Nippon Super
Mario Brothers Mario Brothers to
punch-out Grand Prix to 3d hot rally
Super Mario Brothers 3 Tetris alleyway
baseball Super Mario Land yep
dr. Mario f1 race Super Mario World the
super-mo we did that one already
nes golf open
Tournament Super Mario Brothers 400 on
the game and watch yeah Mario teaches
typing I don't know there's any way to
stream game and watch Super Mario
Brothers and Friends when I grow up
Mario the juggler Yoshi
Mario is missing Super Mario Kart super
scope 6 Mario Paint use your scope u6
that's what they're saying
games that Mario appears in okay well we
limiting list you have to play as Mario
this is just a list of games okay I'll
get you that Mario there's a fucking lot
of these rigs yeah no shit
there's a fucking notion of these I
would say I would say even though it
would mean foregoing Luigi's Mansion you
have to play as Mario okay in the game
that's that's criterion number one
criterion number two is it would be it
would have to be non arcade games if
we're gonna play it to completion why
just to have to have a to have a
definite ending oh yes sirree I would
say with our Cade games you do it till
you've gotten all the repeating screens
I would do what I would feel remiss you
do a celebration a celebration of Mario
and all of the games Mario would be and
it would be a crime Jack to leave out
Donkey Kong maybe even Mario Brothers
it's the first appearance of freaking
Luigi right like I said for for me I
like having a something a finished
statement like ah we did it we beat it
you're going to beat each one this will
never ever ever happen probably not
there is a Donkey Kong kill screen but
neither of us could ever get to it no we
don't have that kind of skill well we
could just pick Donkey Kong up Oh
tonight we're gonna get to the kill
screen if that this is not going to
nope nope and that's why to me you know
Xing out arcade games you could have a
night just dedicated all the short ones
you do some of the arcade games just to
get a feel for it sure Mario Brothers
it's like 10 minutes if that right right
warps aloud yeah yeah of course and then
you get Mario Brothers minutes minutes
Jack probably we could probably do it in
minutes am the first couple of streams
would move on really quick really fast
but then and but then we hit Super Mario
RPG and that'll take a month to take
that long Super Mario RPG assuming we
stream it one day a week no warps nah
we're just we're two speeding games
warps are allowed I felt like a crime I
feel like a crime to stream like Zeus
Mario World and just skip 90 percent of
the game Jack
just give 90 percent of the fucking game
I do I guess you know that maybe that's
just part of it is we can't look up
where the warp all the warp strats okay
no warp strength if we know where it is
then it's fine
but you can't look it up what about
Zelda see I was watching a stream of
that the other day someone was streaming
all of there's no CDI games CDI yeah the
Zelda game for Philips CDI and I've
actually never seen the gameplay of it
before there's more than one there's
like three yeah yeah and it was
something of fear what was it called um
like cave of fear that the one with the
infamous animations or do they all have
those I believe they all have this one
had definitely had of and that's all
I've ever seen if those games was the
infamously bad animations and I finally
got to see gameplay from the CDI games
and
and did it look awful yeah it was it was
a platformer at least the one I saw
Nintendo's biggest blunder that could
have been partnered with Sony they're
the rifle that that damaged them greatly
PlayStation never would have been a
thing they've just been a Nintendo
partner look then Tendo in playstation
there would be one big happy family
right now yep faces of evil that was the
name of it so Zelda The Legend of Zelda
faces of evil and holy moly was that
nuts for anyone who does know doesn't
know the story and I'm sure most people
do at this point right sure
well good Nintendo it actually entered
into a deal with Sony to make a Nintendo
with a describe that Sony was gonna make
and I think they had a prototype and
everything was gonna be the Nintendo
PlayStation and for whatever reason at
the very last minute they didn't even
tell Sony about it just that like III
Nintendo had announced uh some kind of
partnership with with Philips mm-hm and
that kind of fizzled out for Nintendo it
led to the Philips CDI and those awful
Zelda games and a bitter and angry Sony
went on to make the PlayStation and be
Nintendo's biggest rival mm-hmm and
Bayer stupidly expensive now well yeah
the Ben Heck show got the prototype
working oh that's fun what the Nintendo
PlayStation yeah cool that's neat
so how would we get the arcade games
arcade games are available on systems
like donkey kong is on the NES
we would all we would get them all
legally if we were to do is there at
least a virtual console version that is
just the emulated version but sold
legally jackman that's at least more
faithful than the NES version of Donkey
Kong what do you mean
the NES version of Donkey Kong's the NES
version of Donkey Kong it's not gonna be
a pixel perfect version of the arcade
game where someone like the the the
Nintendo releases on the we like the
Virtual Console stuff yeah they have
literally just stolen roms that people
made of the games uh-huh well we will
try to find the most accurate version
that we can legally produce got away oh
yeah absolutely
let's see here anonymous says what are
next okay and another anonymous says hey
Jack and rich have you ever had an anger
problem no and if so how did you deal
with it I feel like lately I get upset
too much for no reason and I need some
advice
thanks guys love your show I can't help
ya I've never had an anger problem yeah
not me either
I'm sorry I don't know I yeah we are not
the two people to talk to about that
all right let's see here Anonymous's
Jack you need to know that there's a
package on its way to our LM P o box
with your name on it there's an anthrax
there's a t-shirt inside and you will
fucking like it get ready feel the hype
okay boom no problem that's it yes it's
another Spiderman shirt I need more of
them I need all the spider-man shirts
Feridun to 772 who says I was playing
XCOM this morning the new content is
pretty great but be ready for an obscene
overload of info in new menu screen
dumps on you okay also drawing a new pic
for rich to commemorate alright cool
cool
that's right special but pants this is
intense farming action rich what are you
working for right now what are you
working towards right now I'm saving up
money I want to have a good run in the
desert mines
okay and I need to buy a lot of rocks so
I can craft staircases to get deeper in
the desert mines quicker because the
deeper you are the easier it is to find
the ultra rare iridium okay and what's
the iridium do you're gonna get the
iridium level tools though and you can
build the iridium level sprinklers which
they water a whole lot of crops cool
that sounds great right it is great it
is great how's the XCOM download coming
looks like it's about 75% done 66 66
somewhere between 66 and 75 it's a big
game
yeah we we have to redownload the entire
game plus the dlc but when are you
dating the villagers rich is married my
wife right here she's making a sculpture
right now I've dated the villagers it's
done yeah what do you think I'm a
two-timer I'm gonna go find a new wife
it's not gonna happen I'm sorry is there
is there a polygamy mod I think the
problem is there probably is I mean
right
sorry German brothers I didn't see your
German word that you wanted me to say
you gents need an external hard drive
you know might not be a bad idea it
would be a good idea also just some
forethought into what we were playing we
could have downloaded it days ago but we
weren't thinking ahead
we weren't from the demco get out the
way everything else I need to milk from
the damn cow I think animals are kind of
a pain in the ass yeah yeah I have them
for the sake of being a completionist
yeah but there are they're goddamn pain
in the ass
are they not worth it in the long run I
don't think so
have you already checked with grandpa's
ghost to see if you get the statue that
gives you this is your - Oh what is that
the grandpa statues thing is the
beginning of your 300k and I should
qualify for the statue that gives you a
really emotional I sent dance of birth
I'm sure there is a mod for growing
marijuana I in fact guarantee it if you
look up a list of mods for this game I'm
gonna guess that growing pot is one of
the top rated for this yeah possibly I
absolutely believe in my heart of hearts
that if you are a pothead that plays
this game you want to grow pod well pot
heads everything revolves around pot
rights that's the thing rich one of the
perks of getting married in the game
yeah you have a nice wife for your house
you don't have to do it that's that's we
did a whole review on this game and
that's it for all of it and it's just
it's just what if you want a wife you
can get away the perk of getting a wife
in the game is having a wife and I know
what you're saying is that a purse
something then don't get wife right
sometimes she'll water your plants for
you but by the time you have a wife you
probably have sprinklers right or
apparently she can also help on the farm
like repairing fences and stuff okay
okay I don't have any fences to speak of
right now sure I'm not in the decorative
stage
maybe next year I'll get decorative the
German words were Goethe notch good
knock it I hope I'm pronouncing that
correctly nacht na CH T nacht nah that's
my German guten nacht that's all I got I
want to point out I'm all decorated for
Halloween here after Jacqueline oh oh
yeah that's great oh you got your wish I
got a rat I forget as scary enough to
rat and then you said a rat on a stick
scarecrow rent that's a weird I got a
skeleton inside I have all decorated for
the holidays there you go you got it
rich
you did it can't be bothered a all
decorated for the holidays I'll save a
few pumpkins needs and bumpkins I was
really hoping I could put my children in
this game to work but they're useless
you can get kids yeah you know I could
now if I had another house upgrade oh
well yeah that's the whole point of
having kids if you have a farm is to put
them to work on the farm this is why
farming folk have children yeah lots of
children effectively slave labor doctor
Smoketree says if you go to the start do
Valley mod Nexus mod for growing
marijuana is number seven on the list
sevens not number one let me guess
number one is anime anime faces anime
this much for anime style for the anime
is that number one I'm I'm looking it up
right now
starter Valley mods and community I'm
looking it up for you right now rich
rich says anime alright where's the
where's the the top list the festival's
today
top list top 25
all right you know on this mod growing
pot is not number seven were you looking
there's are the Nexus sight Nexus mod
Sam that's I don't think that's a star
dupage Nexus is a bunch of different
pages Oh checkup Nexus stardew
specifically I'm in I'm in the Nexus
stardew valley so number one according
to this is NPC map location mod okay
that makes sense to find everybody
easier yep
the number two is cjb item spawner it's
a cheat
all right I'm disappointed by them
number three is cjb cheats
menu a simple in game cheats menu with
lots of cheats what's the point of
cheating in a game where there is no
fill state people love cheating man Oh
number seven under growing crops thank
you doctor smoke trees this is so this
is just the all-time top mods number
four is look up anything see you live
info about whatever's under your cursor
when you press f1 learner villagers
favorite gifts mmm that's actually not
bad
convenient yeah not necessarily achieved
because it's supposed to be trial and
error Jack I've seen you look it up on
the wiki number five is also kind of a
cheat automate place a chest and next to
a machine like a furnace or a crystal
area and the machine will automatically
pull raw items from the chest and push
process items into it alright that's
kind of a cheat number six is the gift
taste helper number seven is adds a
dresser and mirror to your farmhouse
thank you change your appearance you
know anime rich no anime I figured
there'd be more cringe stuff higher up
yeah I was anime and like the furry mod
where everyone's like some kind of panda
or something stupid like that
okay most endorsed files of all time
number one is cheats number two is the
NPC map location number three is cheats
look up anything yeah
none of these are cringy I wonder if
they've removed the race change mods
what's that there was a mod to make more
of the characters minority characters
okay and then somebody to be a smartass
released a mod to make all of the
minority characters that are already in
the game white and then it became a big
thing oh yeah yeah new people in your
mods I don't even know how to navigate
this site that's my thing with the with
the with the Nexus mods here I can't
even navigate this site properly
is this game just like Harvest Moon yes
they go there's crafting in this that
Harvest Moon doesn't have but for the
most part yes this is heavily inspired
by Harvest Moon whoo that's not I want
barium oh man there are so many mods
yeah there are so many fucking mods
paste FPC there's a tractor mod slightly
cuter character sprite mods that's it
that's the thing
slightly cuter specifically not like
we're not going a hundred percent cuter
we don't want to make it don't wanna
make it too bad the better horse mod
bigger realistic and charming horse re
textures
cat crows rich cat crows cat themed
scarecrows oh okay okay what a mob that
makes your dog do something I would know
what I want I want to teach my dog
tricks whoo maybe I want to teach my dog
to like round up all the animals and put
them in the barn like a sheepdog I'm
looking up dog mods right now I want my
dog to heard and I have no idea why
that's not on the base game right let's
see here King Lord dog replace her what
does that changes your dog into
something else into a kingler from
Pokemon there's a lot of dog appearance
mods I can see that though people want a
dog that looks like they're done then
that's fine you know that's fine I have
no issues with this I'm with you what I
keep in what chest
I don't even know if I want to go to the
stupid festival Jack don't don't I don't
know what's the what's the what's the
bonus of going to the festival Chad gets
to see what the festival looks like I
won't do it last year and she's gonna be
the same exact thing I'm gonna get
nothing out of going now then down then
fucking don't don't do it
how does it start ten I gotta kill time
you get the golden public I got the
golden pumpkin here what you got a
golden pumpkin here I've got one I don't
know what to do with it I can sell it
for money but I don't really need that
there is a marriage mod that will let
you romance and marry any adults any
single NPC in the game okay
I don't yeah okay no it's fine
who's like hurt if it seems or something
or Oh that'd be need eight heart and ten
heart events for each character each
event is fully unique written to fit in
with each character's Canon backstories
it's cute so you could marry Clint Gus
Luis Linus marine Pam sandy Willy and
wizard you could marry the wizard the
wizard Oh Oh doctor that to see I was
like I would just I just want to know
what marrying the wizard would do
probably nothing he would stand in your
house scores yeah but then you'd have a
wizard in your house man could you
believe that just have in your house you
wacky mods
you wacky mobs I love it I love it
marry the wizard marry the wizard
why are those barrels pulsating they're
making wine and making wine you put some
shit in the barrels on therefore they
ferment and make wine britches
Richard starting a business here got
some star fruit knows he's starting to
speakeasy that's money that's money jack
he's starting a cave tavern
there's prohibition in stardew valley
but riches is skirting the law making
some moonshine stardew moonshine that's
what rich is doing a rare crow witch
oh yeah I got skeletons from the mines
got a cage in town with phenom this is a
Halloween festival that's so cruel don't
you think
I mean I know there's skeletons and you
just murder them but re murder them or
however you want to say that but look at
that look at that look at the creepy
skeletons make fun of them mock them
we're just going to kill them after the
festival
okay where are we here oh we're at huff
hearted who says hey fellas
so they are rebooting a new version of
The Greatest American Hero
all right with a female lead all right
my question for you is Jack do you use
the same razor for your face that you do
on your head it's a good question I have
you did you watch a great American help
that when I was a kid I I watched a
couple episodes and I thought was fine
that's fine superhero show no super love
for it but a fine show and to answer
your question your very important
question yes I used the same razor on my
face as my head Greatest American Hero
is a most people don't oh sure that's an
older show it's pronounced true it is an
older older show um when I was really
young
uh-huh it's a superhero parody about
aliens give this man a superhero suit we
can you know make the world a better
place but he miss places the
instructions on how to use the suit
properly so he has this super suit but
he's very clumsy with using it he will
crash through walls he can't land right
hmm yeah yeah I mean it was it was like
it was a light parody where you know it
was also a bit superhero II but yeah it
was funny it was all right it was just
all right it's bad we Yaga's house
it's the babadook baby I got the wish
it's got the chicken legs starring
William Katt from Cary
believe it or not walk it on out so yeah
they're remaking it cool I use the same
razor on my face as I do my head it's
actually incredibly easier to shave my
head than it is to shave my face because
you know you got all these nooks and
crannies with your face and your head is
just a supa dupa so usually I shave my
face parts first and then do my head
last for no particular reason head round
face not round that's true Tiberius Kirk
Sherlock clown here's the thing about
this game it is whatever you make of it
yeah Dylan don't expect to go into this
game and like the game tells you when
you're done you tell you when you're
done playing the game you need a goal
you make that goal and you make that
goal to the to the benefit and folly of
the game I suppose benefit I'm fond of
this game
I'm fond of the Harvest Moon games it's
effectively ripping off oh sure what but
you know if if you go in without a goal
in mind then you will have a bad time
which is you know like I played it and I
think the game does a very good job of
what it is trying to accomplish but when
I first played this game I didn't
necessarily have a goal I wanted to make
a pretty farm like I had a very vague
and generic goal but you know it's work
it's it's a work simulator the game but
now that they've added coffee I just
want a coffee farm there's something
that I want to do in the game and it's
coming to the switch which means that I
can you know pick it up for 20 30
minutes every day and just work on it a
little bit every day which I think I
would enjoy more than like a sit down
though exactly this yeah yeah yeah I
just do a little bit every day we build
your build your farm up exactly
you poop for 20-30 minutes no but like
generally throughout the wait huh that's
prob what you wait what I'm saying is
generally every day I'll have twenty or
thirty minutes even if it's like right
before bed or just something to play
while I'm waiting for stuff Oh smooches
what's the fortunately no sauce recipe
the queen of sauce fiddlehead risotto
woo fiddlehead risotto love it
um when animal crossing' first came out
I played a little bit of it got got a
little bored because it's Animal
Crossing
yeah yeah yeah oh this last day of fall
it's my last cranberry harvest the last
one
EPIK Jason I don't know if I've heard
about that what rich and I will have to
look into that I guess there's
apparently like a he wants to know if we
have or maybe you know some about the
whole Polybus arcade myth oh yes you
know anything about that I've heard but
it's an old urban legend about a mind
control video game in Portland Oregon
apparently there was this this game set
up there mmm in RK a few arcades and
people who played it had weird things
happen there the psychology and and like
mysterious men in black were seen to
come in and and check up on the machine
they wrote down the names of everybody
who got a high score it's all mysterious
sure sure but nobody nobody can prove
that this thing actually existed but
it's but it's the government of course
you can't prove that it existed they did
their experiments then they put the
machines in hiding your men and in robes
in suits oh sure sure
Thank You beefcake Peter boo-boom I love
I love stupid urban legends yeah they're
fine you know everybody's got one but
what if it's not an urban legend
do-do-do-do-do to to to other than many
video game urban legends yeah yeah you
know that's isn't that the whole point
of weirdo games didn't we go through
this with weirdo games um with frog
fractions right like finding that's not
an urban legend that's just a weird game
no but that's kind of what it was based
on it was based off of like finding
stuff in games that you weren't sure
existed and it's like Easter eggs no not
like I mean like urban actual urban
legends floating around about video
games I need an example maybe I'm not
oblivious I don't know much about that
okay what I like what I'm thinking is is
the people who like you know in Super
Mario Brothers 3 if you get this item
and here you can get a super secret
weapon does that count as an urban myth
okay like like the them you find them
you yeah all right right I'll bring my
cursor though I'll tell me
you see the most you turn it off
all right I brought two of these mice
yeah the one I have at home the the
SteelSeries rival 500 I love it to
pieces and it works flawlessly yeah
this one my bought I bought another of
the studio I liked it so much so I'd
always have one here of course one of
the buttons is a little bit jank and
every now and then at least he stops
recognizing it I want to endorse their
products so bad because I love the one I
have at home yeah this one that's a much
not so much is it because this one is
plugged into the USB hub my other water
Holmes plugged into a USB hub oh then it
shouldn't matter I don't know I don't
know mildly distracted turned our game
Irving led urban legends somebody
brought up Ben drowned was long story
it's a haunted majora's mask cartridge
that's a creepypasta not an urban legend
though what's the difference urban
legends get purported to be true
creepypasta you know what's a ghost
story okay okay that's fair
now stop yeah no it's still not God why
not I want to I want to be able to say
that the SteelSeries rival 500 is a
fantastic product but this one here man
this button doesn't press down right and
occasionally just stops recognizing that
it exists I'm sorry but sorry about that
I am - all right come on by a third one
that works now well can you return it
probably it's probably far too late at
this point
look at all that wine that you have yeah
I know
you're ready to get crunk that's gonna
be a fortune yeah I'm gonna milk you
fuckers day I'm just gonna give you hugs
that's great that's great let's see here
anonymous says any music tips Jack what
you've been listening to any decent -
hip hip itty hoppity music um I haven't
really been listening to anything new
recently so no I'm sorry you know I was
I've been talking I got the new Kendrick
Lamar which is a damn which is a really
great album just had a lot of stuff on
in the background nothing new or
interesting or exciting to report X
comma X comma looks like I said about
80% by the way oh okay
XCOM at 80% that's just it's just
eyeballing it I love it a non-drinker
rich Evans making money off of
Alcoholics
I have nothing morally against wine and
drinking yeah no I'm a I'm a non drinker
by choice not by moral high-ground and
by the way that's so rich rich would
absolutely take advantage of those in
order to make a buck I think that's
great
I'm I'm not taking advantage of
alcoholics Jack because I encourage
everybody to drink responsibly it's true
in moderation and I want you to drink in
moderation my star very one though if
Shane and Pam want to come to my farm
and buy all this wine for like you know
twice the going value that's fine too
I'll look the other way
you want you want the barrel scraps I
was just gonna throw it in the garbage
but I'll sell it to you I'll sell you
the barrel scrap still has some booze in
it it won't taste good you don't care
you don't care trying try to make wine
out of this ancient fruit ancient fruit
yeah Oh every now and then when you're
digging like in them in the mind you
picking up one of those worm patches the
ground you'll get an ancient seed an old
petrified seed
cool and then you bring that to the
museum we'll put it in the museum but
you also get like a crafting recipe you
can make the engine seeds okay
and so starting from one little seed
Jack I've got I've got this whole little
patch in my greenhouse of ancient for
ancient fruit and now you're gonna make
ancient fruit wine yeah like all this
here ancient for I would drink some
ancient fruit wine this is this is the
first batch I'm turning into wine fun
stuff I've been every every every fruit
I've grown I've turned into more seeds
so I can make more of them sure of
course but now I'm finally gonna start
making some wine
nice nice I'll say they finish at the
same time there's a star fruit I'm kind
of curious about that sure like what if
it takes like what if it takes right
well that's the factor that's a few
months yeah to make ancient fruit wine
but it sells for a thousand dollars of
all my I hope it sells for more than a
thousand my star fruit wine sells for
like three really two something mm just
like two to two thousand seven hundred I
think a bottle yeah shit dog I just sold
16 of them I think shit dog they're
saying there's an ear of corn above your
scarecrow that you forgotten oh oh my
Gorn I lost my corn I was before
watering cans I like that
alright so my end goal here yeah I want
to get deep into the desert mines right
and to do that I need money for rocks I
gotta do some out of money I might be
able to buy it a sufficient amount of
rocks on I want to spend like all of my
fortune hunter either I'm rocks
I also need bombs to effectively mine
sure I'm sure so I instead of buying
bombs I think the mega bombs like 500
prop pop I'm gonna try crafting them and
I can get a mega bomb for every aura
goal if I got 548 ores of gold and then
I need the void essence and the solar
essence Oh hundred sixty eight void
essence like 100 bombs would be nice so
I think I'm gonna go to the other mine
and farm some solar essence today whoo
that's our plan that's a great plan yeah
that's a great plan rich and you know
what thanks for sharing it I think it's
important that people know what it is
that you're working yeah because that's
what this game is all about is just
making a plan and my plan is to kick ass
in the desert mind it's just I need I
need to do other things before I can
truly kick ass and those mine cake
desert ass play XCOM what a downloads
motherfucker it's not downloaded yet
it's it's kind of ways we told you
download was so big and it took me by
surprise because also we forgot to read
it or we deleted the game for space
issues from our hard drive so we're also
just downloading the game it's not like
we're just downloading the DLC yeah and
the full game plus DLC is about 60 gigs
and that's yeah that's a lot
how much longer I'd have to tap out of
this to get your time I don't know but
I'm looking at the bar I could see the
bar I'm a task bar for the completion
and it looks like it's about 80% done I
which is progress cuz a little while ago
was looked like I look like I was
two-thirds done mm-hmm
mmm-hmm all right solar essence I think
you get that in the frozen levels solar
essence so in essence what I need oh
shit I don't have my mouse setup cuz
it's the other Mouse have the buttons
today oh oh shit really it's gonna be
somewhat irritating is what that means
I'm sorry
yeah that's true that's true about shit
it happens and it happens all the time
look at all these fuzzies these little
coal monsters that's crazy town that's
great yeah why is that great
cuz I get a special reward if I kill a
certain number of those no there's just
a whole ton in one spot
boom you did it you did it
sorry I'm not talking a lot someone in
Chad asked me if I remembered the name
of the town that I was stayed in in
Germany and I don't and so I once again
I went to like a google maps of Germany
hoping that I just magically come across
the name cuz I really think I'll
remember it as soon as I see the name
right right but there's so many you know
towns and german hey we're gonna go back
to the elevator go a bit lower nice go a
little bit lower do it I think I need
the level with like the skeletons that
has the solar estate I know that ghosts
do so I'm looking at a Google map of
Germany just trying to find that
skeleton did not drop any which is a
normal town I stayed in do not recall
what drops them nope not skeletons hmm
this is just those ghosts where the
ghosts mm-hmm we're downloading XCOM 2
so we can play the War of the Chosin DLC
and you know what would set something up
in the chat that just it's gonna hack
BOTS thing for that they already got it
all right I already got it stop saying
we're saying that literally every 3
seconds
thankthank what I thought maybe the
skeletons dropped them they definitely
do not
we'll take some free rocks
oh it's been hyped for months yeah well
and it's taking a really long time to
download so sorry and you know it's not
helping that we're streaming but we
figured you would want us to stream
you get more solar essences from the
desert cave oh I guess we try that even
jack trigger choice I don't even know if
I got to dougie Jones on Twin Peaks I
got two episodes in two twin peaks and
decided that it wasn't a show for me as
I found it to be a little too David
Lynch II I'm not a I'm not a huge David
Lynch fan I understand what he's going
for but it's not necessarily my thing so
while I really liked Twin Peaks the show
I like Twin Peaks the show because it
was you know just a normal ish detective
show with little sprinkles of weirdness
and mysticism that David Lynch brought
to the to the game so I didn't much care
for the chef so I don't think I got the
Doug Jones okay according to the star do
wiki solar essence comes from ghosts
metal head squid kid mommy
corabeth's crow bus mommy mommy
shit mummy I need bombs to mine them
well what else what else go is that
ghosts yeah metalhead a squid kid squid
kid which one a squid kid metal and crow
bus rosenberg Regensburg i want to say
it was like you like a rosen rosenberg
germantown no and you don't have to
agree with me that's fine if 80 plus I
thought 80-plus was the void essence oh
well we're going back cancel cancel
going back wasted $500 in a bus ticket
it's fine it's fine cactus for my
trouble there
was it worth it is it worth it you got a
cactus $500 cactus squid kids are the
pink moon guys that look nothing like a
squid ghosts are level 51 through 90 in
the mines I think I'll have an easier
time from the metalheads
and the squid kids Jack trigger Joyce I
liked most of season three of Fargo Rox
I liked some aspects of season three of
Fargo I really didn't like how it ended
but I did enjoy a lot of season three of
Fargo season one is probably still my
favorite as far as Fargo is concerned
they probably actually goes in order one
two then three bud
oh I still haven't seen season three yet
it's good there's a lot of there is a
lot of good in it but you know Jack do
you just not get new twin peaks' no I
get it I I get it so much that I know
I'm not going to like it so I'm not
going to watch it anymore
oh those guys are adorable metalhead no
solar essence I got a void essence do
you get it do you get I get it I get it
David Lynch David Lynch loves art for
the sake of art and he is a director who
is very vocal about that
about you know I'm not gonna make it
easy on my audience I'm not gonna
explain the meaning I'm gonna put some
images on there and you gotta you gotta
take your own thing to it you got to
bring your own meter I'm not gonna tell
you what it's about my David Lynch
impression yeah yeah I'm David Lynch and
that's not necessarily the kind of types
of movies that I like no Paul Feig Paul
Feig has like a here's like a deep voice
and his lips go out like this you see
what we're trying to do we're trying to
do with Ghostbusters but but see but you
don't understand is we were trying to
fail miserably in new and interesting
ways I mean everybody fails nowadays I'm
a right it's like everybody fails we
were looking for a new way to fail and
so get this be with me here failing with
all-female cast members can you believe
it I know what you're thinking that
could never be done that has never been
done and it could never be done but we
did it and we did it better than anyone
else
why would I swing my axe do you go for
picking something else up look I always
said that Lynch is an Emperor's New
Clothes thing people try to act smart by
talking no or no like that's that's his
thing and some people love it I will not
begrudge someone for loving an arty
farty film because it's already farty
like how is it significantly different
from the jar that's it by the way that's
an excellent question
Lynch is also a competent director and
so you know you can see all the things
and hear all the things that David Lynch
wants you to see in here content wise
maybe not that much of a difference
that's disappointing but rich it's it's
purposeful its purposeful well then it's
not like the jar which was not
purposeful random shit yeah lunch can be
a random shit - Lynch is random shit a
lot but in Lynch's head there's a
purpose to the random shit alright I'm
not getting many solar essences down
here yeah you got a rare disc and I
don't need a rare disc
I need solar essence so I could build
bombs
all I care about built building building
buffs absolutely no my character is not
a Muslim stop asking torgue I agree that
Lynch Lynch is a thought-provoking
director I agree with you on that it's
still not necessarily the types of
movies that I like to watch but I mean I
agree I'm with you
wishcraft is saying once you get deep
into the desert mines you get a lot of
mummies you need about here's the thing
here's the problem with this you can
only kill a mummy with a bomb so killing
the mummies to get solar essences to
build bombs but I didn't use a bomb to
kill mummy this doesn't work you use the
bomb I got you I'm trying to save money
on my my desert mind escapades but
building my own bombs yeah yeah yeah
yeah
darkus says evening jack and rich this
question is for Jack and probably for
Mike and Jay since you guys like to
drink how do you deal with hangovers
many thanks for the endless amusements
you have to suffer I don't I don't get
them too bad anymore mostly just because
I'm not that heavy a drinker anymore I
got some great advice once that I really
that it was useful as far as the
hangover is concerned which is for every
alcoholic drink you drink during the
night in between your next one drink an
equal amount of water okay network and
and that that works you know like you'll
still be tired because you probably
won't sleep as well but part part of the
hangover is is you get dehydrated you
just don't have stuff in your body to
help fight it and of course you're
drinking poise
all night but so that helps you know
take some Tylenol before you go to bed
drink plenty of water and you just keep
moving move slow that's it
hydrated some taina and I know like
technically you're not supposed to take
something like Tylenol when you have
when you've been drinking alcohol
because what are the tylenol is a blood
thinner and alcohol also thin it thins
your blood but if I ever drink alcohol
literally just like a sip of wine cooler
every now and then on New Year's Eve
yeah yeah okay be festive
you've never just sat down and like had
a shot of whiskey Karen always wanted to
see me drunk sure
and one time years and years ago now I
got a new job and celebrate I let myself
get drunk around Karen okay it did not
end well because she got drunk too
and she didn't really get to enjoy it
Karen what do you think it's so we tried
again some months later yeah you have to
ask her if she was worth it
yeah and you just didn't care that much
about my sensation of being drunk no
really
okay and that's fair you don't have to
oh yeah that's what it is
say Advil take Advil when you've been
drinking cuz Tylenol and booze together
can mess with your liver Thank You Chad
you're right
always Advil okay that's fair I thought
I remembered something about that
tylenol and drinking time to put away
the skeleton different season
Halloween's over Jack Halloween's over
people are putting up fucking Halloween
decorations already rich it is September
hallow in this game
Halloween literally just ended what I
know I'm saying in real life people are
putting up Halloween decorations already
I'm enthusiastic
I love people's enthusiasm about
Halloween but I'm a holiday purist and I
say I say no Halloween decorations until
October 1st October is the month of
spooky I'm gonna sell my rotten
jack-o'-lanterns because apparently
that's the thing I can do that yeah I
make a jack-o-lantern wine out of them
you don't put up Christmas decorations
until after Thanksgiving we live in a
free society and you can do whatever the
fuck you want you can and I can also
complain about whatever the fuck I want
some is gonna complain about it but you
can't say they can't do it you can say I
don't like it I don't like it but you
can say they can't do but you know what
Jack what it carries absolutely no
fucking authority absolutely so ever
I am silently bitching into the void
rich know people might listen but no one
will hear me thanks the other way around
good one right here you've been no one
will know oh sure sure
oh look at all that wine look at all
that wine jamming Korpi glorp too much
spooky makes it less special exactly
like as soon as you start moving out of
October you start diluting what makes
Halloween special and I love Halloween
Halloween's my favorite holiday
without without doubt Halloween is my
favorite holiday and and people are
diluting it and Halloween got ruined
when trick-or-treating got limited to
like between noon and 3 p.m. the
Saturday before Halloween
that's only in some neighborhoods it's
it's are it already feels like a dead
holiday to me that's only in some
neighborhoods we still do
trick-or-treating that night you do it
on Halloween not on how long it's that's
it's either what is it the Saturday the
closest Saturday or Sunday I forget
Saturday it's the closest Saturday to
Halloween that's Saturday night which
you know that just makes sense because
people work just give kids the day off
the next day take a take off work the
next day fuck it fuck it nah take it you
know make it an actual fucking holiday
that would be nice why is why is fucking
Columbus Day a national holiday and not
Halloween fucking right fucking right
I'd be with you there rich I'm right I'm
right with you all these fucking flowers
so some neighborhoods have switched it
to like Sunday afternoons between noon
and 3:00 for safety reasons which yes is
complete bull hockey but my neighborhood
does not my neighborhood still has it
that night and it's great the parents
are always with because the kids go out
alone at least in your neighborhood yeah
the older ones the older ones we also
have a problem of people coming by our
problem is now
like the kids coming it's the kids
coming who aren't wearing costumes you
just tell them no trick for you that's I
have a strict you need to have a costume
rule but like we'll get kids who just
come like dressed normally and then
they'll have like three bags and be like
oh yeah I'm not wearing a costume also
my brother and sister is sick can you
give them some candy I was like nope you
got to show up with a costume on and you
know what it's a dead holiday you know
what lie to me tell me you're dressed up
as someone from Riverdale and that's
what they wear in river did lie to me
and I'll give you some candy it's not a
dead holiday it's a it's a dying it's a
it's a holiday in limbo at the moment
I'll accept dying holiday not dead yet
fuck those can fuck those kids man like
just put on a costume and I'll give you
some fucking candy that's the agreement
that everyone has you go around in a
costume I give you candy do they egg
your house no no one does that anymore
well I don't know I haven't heard about
anyone doing that in Ohio
next time I'm still not there yet nope
that's great epic Jason yeah like this
sometimes it's really fun people get
into it when when Lisa and I went as as
Team Rocket last year we the whole
family went as Pokemon yeah characters
and Lisa and I were Team Rocket our cut
like we had people stop and take
pictures with us because they thought
our costumes were so great like kids
we're like Team Rocket and we memorized
the little we memorized the little
saying they do in the cartoon it was
great
Halloween's been replaced by Comic Con I
left because it's true any plans for
family costume this year I'm still
hoping I can squeak out a Friday the
13th theme but I don't know it's it's
we're struggling to find like a thing
that we can all go as was Jack James or
Jessie
I get it I can't I can't help but feel
I'm partly to blame for that running
joke you know I'm not going to disagree
with you at all right favorite Halloween
candy uh Reese's peanut butter cups
those tiny those little Reese's peanut
butter cups yeah I fuckin love Reese's
peanut butter cups anyway and then you
get the little tiny ones on Halloween I
think I could eat two thousand of them
tiny tiny Crunch Bars
sure sure tiny Crunch Bars are fine tiny
milky way's I've always been a fan of
milky wasn't milky way's it's just uh
that's one of those things I can't even
eat right no no well it's just caramel
and it's not nougat it's like caramel
and something else something I would
avoid on principle what so paranoid
about any kind of nuts Daddy nut nut
nuts oh I don't know if Milky Way has
any nuts oh is it new getting his new
get a nut thanks oh oh
fluffy candy
okay so what's new get help me out here
they're saying no nuts in Milky Way I
got no nuts in Milky Way so yeah I love
I love that Milky Way as a kid it was
all like nerds and Pixy sticks like
anything that was like sugar mm-hmm but
not technically sugar like colored sugar
in different forms that was my jam when
I was a kid what are you doing down here
wife you trying to run away from me you
trying to swim away from me I need to
show you my new machine it's called a
leg-breaking machine was his misery that
was the idea
yeah lost most of that okay way now
we're getting we're getting different
we're getting different words on what
nougat is why don't eat candy bars right
range I'm with you rich and look like
they might conceivably have some form of
nut in them okay these are the
ingredients for milky way's sugar
glucose syrup milk solids vegetable fat
cocoa butter cocoa mass barley malt
extract cocoa powder egg white
emulsifier salt natural flavor
there is no nuts in milky way's so that
must not be nougat no nuts in Milky Way
oh yeah fucking three musketeers I love
that too that like whipped chocolate
with that with the regular chocolate on
the outside fucking love that does rich
just eat like rocks no booze and no
candy alright how do you how do you get
that the only thing you can eat besides
booze and candy is rocks and no not no
candy just any candy that looks like it
probably has fucking nuts in it like
milk chocolate a Hershey bar it's fine
Crunch Bars stuffs got like rice in it
Crunch Bars fine mmm fine yeah cheese no
nuts no seafood and cheese
I need pizza all day shit yeah
like Pete says that whipped chocolate is
nougat and I guess it's so like that's
why we're getting some different
information here is you know according
to Milky Way Milky Way is Milky Way whip
contains 37 percent milk chocolate and
63 percent nougat but there is no
mention of any sort of nut in the
ingredient list what's new it is none
are they synonymous no the ingredients
are the what I read you form nougat has
the ingredient form nougats okay okay
allergen information confectionery
contains products derived from soy wheat
barley eggs and milk may be present
peanuts and tree nuts so proud that's
probably one of those like made in the
same factory maybe yeah maybe so you
would probably yes be best to stay away
from Milky Way's
her no nun Karen Jessie's not thinking
she forgets she offered me something
that I know she's got her almond milk in
her like what are you trying to do that
what are you trying to do she's trying
to kill you right yeah rich could you
sign this paper real quick I just need
you to sign this pain oh it says it's an
autograph I want an autograph from a
sign right here right right here on the
line what's that nothing here you want
some milk it's regular milk that's
say it made using the same machinery
that no yes that nut bars were made in
that's probably true yeah that's also
that can also be dangerous to people
with severe nut allergies just means
being eaten something that was just
around nuts allergies
man that's a that's a whole world right
there there's probably different levels
of sensitivity I have yet to have a
problem with something that yes may have
like the factory same factory there
might be some residue sure sure if you
have to have issues with anything like
that
okay okay so we're clearing up some
confusion captain sorrow saying the the
nougat that is made in most modern candy
bars is very different than what is
traditionally called nougat which is
nuts speeches of riveting extreme
boluses
this is what we got tonight yeah we
don't we don't have gold all the time
there's no new Star Wars news out we
can't talk about words we're talking
about nougat this is what you get
thirsty I'm thirsty I'm gonna get gonna
get some fucking water and then we're
gonna come back and we're gonna figure
out what nougat is nougat nougat thank
you you're a crazy man
can't scratch he's gone mad folks
hmm me sitting here quietly playing this
farming game that great that beneficial
to everyone
64 bombs is all I can make I need a
better way to get solar essence I need a
better way batch what are you okay have
you been like super drinking do you need
a ride home I haven't had anything to
drink today at all I don't I don't
believe you I drank a whole lot
yesterday I drank a whole lot yesterday
and so some of it might just be left
over in my system but no I haven't had
anything to drink today yesterday I was
really lucky out of nowhere my mom
called up and said hey why don't you
have the boys come over to my house they
can sleep over and I said fuck yeah get
him out of my sight and and it was
Saturday so it was beer day for me so
just started drinking it's great lamb
lamb lamb yeah both my barn and my
chipping chicken coop are fitted with an
automatic animal feeder why are you
lying to me about getting up to feed the
animals lamb what what what what did you
really get up early for I saw you
hanging out with Elliot at the at the
Fall Fair
I saw that so yesterday I find you
plotting a way to escape me today you're
getting up early to feed the animals
well I'd give you a blackberry every
morning and you like it and that's why
you agreed to marry me because I give
you a blackberry every morning the game
really doesn't take that into account if
you have your automatic feeders Kubrick
give her a different line game nothing
else were to really do unless she milk
these fucking cows that'd be great if
she could milk the cows right and listen
I know you're an artist and maybe you're
working on another sculpture or some
horseshit but note the fucking cows it
takes 20 seconds I'd like you to
contribute to this farm a little bit
Leia Leah Leah Leah however the farts
browsing I'm sure it's fine
maybe Leah maybe Leia I don't know I
don't know she didn't hug them she
didn't even hug hug them so you win you
noticed that they were already fed and
you left and then you lied about it
right Jay frisk 2 says hey Jack as a
comics fan did you hear about the
passing of Len Wein today I did not he
was 69 years old and he co-created
Wolverine and Swamp Thing have you read
any of those character books
I mean Wolverine devil Radium quality
eggs oh I don't want to sell those well
shit you got some point poleng ban can
you make can you make iridium quality
mayonnaise out of that I think it just
it rerolls the quality if you do the
actual demand oh yeah this is good
quality for mayonnaise but no I'm just
for novelty sake man I'm holding onto
those eggs yeah well yeah you gotta keep
at least one per my got an Iridium milk
- that's great that's great no I you
know what I've never actually read any
Swamp Thing I don't know what if I'm
missing anything Swamp Thing wise you
read any Swamp Thing no I don't know
anything about read ever had Alan
Moore's big famous one
ok that's good ok Alan Moore wrote it
well right I still see the green
download bar so I don't know how far X
comma is but all time the green bar oh
it's over steam it's probably not gonna
happen today we we are we are at 30
minutes 30 minutes 52 of 59.7 gigs and
so I bran flakes
so maybe whose Ethernet we are hooked up
through Ethernet yes and we have very
nice internet here but we're also
streaming displeased spirits fucking I'm
going to mind anyway I guess we're gonna
try and kill some ghosts that says the
plan
kill the ghosts I need I need a good
efficient way to get solar essence and I
don't know how to do it kill the ghosts
kill those ghosts what's the last comedy
movie that made me laugh probably the
the lapse the amazing having amazing
spider-man homecoming though that was a
good one after that though I saw the big
sick and that made me laugh and that is
a comedy movie lots of movies were good
comedy in them that aren't necessarily
comedies right right but the latest one
that I saw was was probably the big sick
why did you see how oh yeah ah made me
cry made me laugh all the all the fields
the big sick
or all the ghosts get the ghosts rich
where all the damn ghosts and ghosts are
they hiding hmm face me spirit otter
pode how do you farm solar essence in
the desert tell us tell us say ghost I
got I got one from a ghost
okay the mummies are a poor way of
farming solar essence because I need the
solar essence to make bombs yeah but you
need to use a bomb to kill a mummy oh I
can't farm the mummies for solar essence
because I need to use the thing that I
need the solar essence for right that
math does not check out I guess I could
use like the cherry bombs that's not the
big bombs you don't need the solar
essence to craft the cherry bombs I
don't want to use a whole bunch of coal
either though
I might make sense bad coffee I don't
know if I've seen Dark Crystal
the question is Dark Crystal our
neverending story neverending story dark
crystals impressive I don't like it I'll
send done yeah yeah it's overrated for a
while like I thought I had seen Dark
Crystal and I would talk about Dark
Crystal but I was actually talking about
legend Oh Legends fine but I'm gonna say
legends great but Legends fine
you know Tim Curry devil that's all you
need okay right I would have said cherry
bombs with that means farming more maths
I'm usually just rich enough to buy
cherry bombs from the dwarf as far as
killing the mummies are concerned all
right all right
and will consider buying cherry bombs
from the dwarf hmm where's the where's
the egress let me kill this guy first
kill em kill him so I will also say the
neverending story never any stars good
neverending story I mean a black dark
crystal from like a just the Jim Henson
puppeteering perspective Oh God it's
brilliant that way yeah
stories characters neverending story is
that's boring protagonist in dark recent
Dark Crystal yeah I haven't seen
boring-ass protagonist
can you buy stuff from him I should be
able to do I owe their three bucks
that's expensive
oh my god none of us says with fall
coming soon how long until it's super
cold up there I live in a place with no
snow so I'm clueless what that must be
like you know already we're dropping
down to like the 60s snow is the worst
which is that's compared to the summer
you know it's getting it's getting
chillier at night now but it's the
absolute worst it's just not it's just
not and yeah I think you're overreacting
just now but now that September is here
usually it doesn't get really cold until
October like 50s but it can fluctuate
they can fluctuate
unless the crafting recipe for the
cherry bombs the smaller bombs which
should work to kill for coal - one
copper for copper - one cold yeah yeah
that's not bad that's not bad you can do
that yeah you say yeah but you have a
hundreds of both coal and copper all
right well back that coal I'm gonna need
to smelt all of this iridium that I
eventually want to farm or mine.
Oh, sure. Yeah, yeah.
so I'm gonna need that okay yeah it's a
little bit late to start tomorrow
no way oh yeah like we're starting to
get to the we're starting to get to
perfect like pants and long sleeve shirt
weather here in Wisconsin where it's
like kind of just mid 60's all day so
you're really comfortable in pants and a
long-sleeve shirt
this is like the really great weather
when it's sunny out it's just just cold
enough to be comfortable outside not too
hot not too cold
September's September and October is
usually perfect Wisconsin weather and
then it starts to snow and everything's
glorious and it's a winter wonderland
you can go sledding and get into car
accidents it's great it's too late in
the day to process geodes
oh you can't process your geodes I'm
sorry
you are literally talking about the
weather someone asked I'm sorry
someone asked about the weather I'll
move on
rewind shot you get a diamond today oh
it's another berry got a diamond in my
hand hey we've been great she's like oh
thanks I guess
but where's my berry she might she might
have been on that like I've really
appreciated this priceless diamond that
you crafted yourself and but uh kind of
really like the berries that you find on
the ground for me give me one of those
grounders that's her thing that's her
thing she likes forage materials yeah
she's very easy to gift okay rewind
shock says got my first chicken dinner
here's some proof like chick-fil-a no
winner winner chicken dinner in pub G
this is this is rewind shock
congratulations one rewind shock to
let's see I agree with Mike about Bill
Murray he is a diva who thinks he's a
great indie actor screwed future
Ghostbusters project poor acting world
didn't need a future look you can call
him a diva and maybe his secret asshole
I've heard he's got a temper on him a
horrible temper Hey
sir he's shunned Harold Ramis over a
disagreement about a film for 20 years
Tom a comedy Phil there's a lot of
things that might be horrible about Bill
Murray yeah denying the world of another
Ghostbusters film is not one of them
they did it Ghostbusters - no it didn't
work yeah it wasn't as good and the man
is not
obligated to fucking fulfill your your
Ghostbusters fetish for the rest of his
life I think it's well put yeah and as
far as like overrated indie actor he's
very good in a lot of movies yeah so
I'll just go ahead and disagree I got a
whole tab here at some point oh sorry
freeze
there you go we got all tabbed Oh was I
doing this yeah for those who don't know
during the filming of Groundhog Day
Groundhogs Day Bill Murray was going
through a divorce yeah and that's the
case specifically but oh I thought I
thought I thought I heard that well
bilborough's going through a rough patch
and he wanted to turn it into a super
dark movie Harold Ramis was making a
comedy it was making a simple premise
comedy right and they thought pretty
harshly about how the movie should be
portrayed and actually I think to the
benefit of the movie unfortunately this
guy is it got a bittersweet thing go out
and it has that push and pull back and
forth from dark to light hearted which i
think really works in favor of the film
but unfortunately unfortunately caused
them to to fight for many years and not
or not speak it caused them to fight and
not speak to each other for many years
for those of you who don't know the
Harold Ramis Bill Murray story that was
it Bill Murray never never needed to get
out of Harold Ramis a shadow all right
right who ever said Oh someone said that
yeah oh come on Bill Murray was his own
name already
yes on Saturday Night Live Bill Murray
was his it was a name
someone didn't I think someone did the
math for how long Bill Murray was
trapped in that town it's a long time
it's a very long time like someone not
only counted the individual numbers of
days that we can see in the film but
actually how long it would take him to
completely like learn and master the
piano write stuff like that and it's
decades I want to say here's here's
something dark Wow okay you know like
like like like decades and decades and
decades stuck in this loop yeah sent
centuries stuck in this loop yeah
he's aging at normal time no the rest of
his life is going to feel like it goes
by in the blink of a fucking eye that's
true that's true he's gonna be so out of
sorts when he can't just redo tomorrow
and get it perfect like you did today
yeah but he'll also have you know all of
this talent and perspective and you know
dirt on everyone in town to blackmail
they said it was a few years it's gotta
be more than that it's gotta be more
than just a few years well I suppose
like if you're practicing piano every
single day I would I would maybe I I
would take a minimum of five five years
it's gotta be longer than that minimum
what's what's your what's the lowest
amount it could be give me give me a
thought here watch the movie sure
I thought the estimate was like a
hundred years or something weird though
I would absolutely believe that because
it's not just not just about the deaths
that we see on camera which is a number
in and of itself but all of the things
that he learned and did I was doing in
the game it was fine we're talking about
Groundhog Day this way so that's fine oh
but oh yeah also a rewind check on your
other point on winner winner chicken
dinner I finally did something really
good for myself rich yeah and I deleted
pub G from my computer at home and the
game you didn't recommend but kept
playing the game I didn't recommend and
kept playing even though every death
made me feel sad and miserable I'm drawn
to it though like I cause I a lot of
people refer to it as chasing the dragon
you know like that you're wanting that
unobtainable thing no one it's still a
game that I cannot recommend even to
myself because it made me feel so bad
yeah mommy right off the bed it's great
let's get them grouped together for bomb
efficiency
bombs em
bombs em I got a glitch mummy that won't
fall over this is bad no at the very
least just annoying
stupid mummies
glitched unkillable mummy's ruining my
fun right off the bat Jack I'm sorry
jack how many hours did I have in pub G
at the end a little over 40 I didn't
think I'd get 20 and I got I got a
little over 40 and ups and downs the you
know the way that I will always talk
about pub G where it's like it has so
many possibilities as far as
entertainment like you know it can be
really engaging like the hide and seek
and and scavenge gameplay I think can be
really engaging but it's also deceiving
because every death feels meaningless
and and it always left me feeling really
empty with every death
oh that got you a couple soul or
essences that's nice this does not feel
efficient you're getting him though I
also get my ass kicked
I missed it was Jack talking about it's
talking about pub G holy shit what right
here
no that's iridium oh well there you go
well shit there you go you don't see
this is this hot this high up in the
mines usually have to get a lot lower
that's great shit he is that pub do you
well you know that debt could be it but
my my experiences in pub G might not be
the same as your experiences in pub G
bud I I always I always left pub G
feeling bad daddy
flying fish hate those fucking things
flying fish
I had five games in a row Pub G last
night where I died before touching a
weapon I was dropping in high population
areas though right well you know I found
I found a couple strategies that again
you know the the the hide seek and
scavenge part of the game is is what is
engaging and I found some you know
really good strategies where I was able
to kind of fly far away from everyone
get some decent weapons I got pretty
good at finding a vehicle but every
death every death felt left left me
unsatisfied who's shooting me where were
they shooting me from was there
something I could have done different to
not get shot those things so for my own
mental health I deleted the game from my
computer and when the new maps come out
I will just you know I might download it
again we'll see now but I knew what the
joke was I found the joke eventually he
sounds like a drug addict yeah that's
that was a joke that's the point
all right let's see here
Anonymous is rich thanks for the
recommendation of a spectacular
spider-man
it was amazing yeah possibly try Young
Justice a lot of the spider staff went
on to work on it yeah and Netflix saved
it from being prematurely ended no
pressure Young Justice is that DC I
think so
that sounds like a DC thing flying fish
flying nightmarish things were obnoxious
Oh what's the update on the new Nintendo
64 I returned the old one to the store
and I haven't gotten the new one yet I
mostly just cuz I hadn't thought about
it I knew XCOM 2 is coming up so it's
not high on my priority list anymore but
I will get on it I will get a
functioning a Nintendo 64 this is not
worth dying I know very little health I
don't have good healing items we're just
leaving you got you've got your solar
things and you got things well you got
some and you got some iridium already
more of the larger bombs
it is currently still downloading I can
see the little green bar I could see the
little green bar that's gotta close
right ya know don't know don't care
oh let's see here SUSE nut says hey guys
just wanted to put through the facts
just wanted to put through the fact that
the reddit post about you're talking
about religion was easily interpretable
sarcasm in spite of some down votes
apparently rlm fans know like sarcasm I
don't understand what this thread was
i've never have not seen this thread
neither have i see you see not sorry
I've not seen that thread but you know
in general what something rich and I
have talked about a lot is sometimes
it's really hard to decipher sarcasm in
the written form yeah so if someone made
a reddit post that was meant to be
sarcastic might not have come across
might not come across
what this that was this the thread
oh that's spam whoever just linked to
that reddit thing that dominate one get
him out of here that's spam did you do
it already
nope that's the one the farce awakens
you spamming us the first awakens
where'd you go I'm gonna get you I'm
gonna get you I'm gonna get it I'm gonna
be in yeah I'm gonna ban you for
spamming Oh someone got you already good
thank you jack clicks on spam I do well
I thought that was the threat not
because it said it said the reddit see
you fell for an obvious lie I'm
apparently I thought it was I thought it
was the thing we were talking about
betta boo boom don't be what there it
that was clearly a spam account that was
clearly a spam account and so I was
getting rid of someone who you know we
see that stuff all the time all the the
the pornography links in chat you see
those hey baby baby check out my
Instagram photos oh I make a habit of
not clicking on strange links it was a
link it said it was it was different cuz
it said it was a link to read it and
they were just talking about the reddit
thread and I was like okay great so uh
so I thought I'd click on it but it was
just one of those spam bots hey baby
check out my posts hey baby
Jack what wait what what please read the
logs what logs what are you talking
about what's going on what logs what
what are you guys talking about why am i
holding the laptop like a giant iPad so
it's closer to my eyes so it's easy to
read the first waken has been in quite a
few streams it's not a spammer can what
was he doing what's going on what's
happening I'm seeing that everyone's
telling me I'm wrong if someone could
tell me how I'm wrong and not have the
chat scroll up a million miles per hour
apparently it was a joke and not spam oh
well then it by the way that was a
really bad joke because it looked like
spam the farce awakens was making a joke
all right all right and part and part of
the joke rich was a link that links to a
spam thing and now people are mad at me
because I thought it was spam do you see
what's happening rich do you see what's
happening did you get what's going on
nope I'm farming I'm just farming ain't
no mind
I didn't ban him someone banned him sure
you were trying to I was trying to but
someone got him before I could Jackie
don't fuck it was if they made a bad
joke and I thought it was spam I guess
how can you guys be mad at me for
thinking something spin okay well mod
Zhun banham whoever banned him go on
Bantam
Stephen Bentham
Steve on banham right I didn't ban him
anyway whoever banned among yourself
from the controversy you so much such a
politician I'm stating the facts rich I
am stating the fact I not technically I
was not the one who did the the banning
yeah I think piece of people who are
actually responsible for this will have
to answer for their crimes which are not
related to me no I asked for the bombing
it's completely related to me I just
didn't do that exactly I asked for the
band I just want to point out once again
that I had nothing to do with this
banning well I didn't ban him that's
what I'm saying it wasn't me personally
abandoned that's fine it's fine I just
don't I don't understand everyone
getting all up in my shit because I
clicked on the link and it was spam and
then I thought it was spam so I banned
the spammer and people are like it was
obviously a joke this is a bad joke man
and everything's fine everything's fine
why is no fun allowed I'll stand by my
decisions now that new information has
been brought to light we can you know
adjust
oh well anyway Jack did not inhale maybe
that's the problem I inhaled too much
where are we
Salinas Selenia says candy nougat Milky
Way is not made from nuts
it is aerated beaten egg whites and a
boiled sugar syrup like marshmallows
traditional nougat can contain nuts but
the candy type does not you can
understand how somebody who is allergic
to nuts would be paranoid about this
absolutely absolutely I usually do start
doing small doses yeah I'm about done
great I don't know how long X comes got
left how long we've been streaming or if
you want to do something great I'm gonna
read some tips you can be done if you
want just hang out for a second
what's that we start today I have no
idea what's the rub time I got my for
our policy I'm sticking by Jack I'm
sticking by it's fair I'm waiting for
someone to do enough time yeah we're
only just a little over two hours that's
a short stream yeah looks like we might
be done soon with the with the download
upload let's see here the blue prism
says good evening Jack and rich you guys
have to have talked about this at some
point but have either of you gotten to
see much of Always Sunny in Philadelphia
I'm watching through it now and it's
hilarious brother loves it I've not
really seen it yeah I think it's great I
think it's I think it's brilliant all
the way through we have one minute and
23 seconds left to download ex-con -
yeah yeah I think it's great I haven't
seen all the seasons I want to say I've
only seen the first two seasons but I
thought they were brilliant
just perfect always funny always funny
never not funny yeah so that is my
opinions on Always Sunny in Philadelphia
I have no particular reason why I
stopped watching it and I just watched
other things yeah so remember to change
the overlay text change that and we'll
change it in chatty - everything will be
fine take a break I got more tips to
read oh wait this one's for you there's
a monster named crow bus in the sewers
yeah that will sell you ten solar
essences for 80 gold I'm the the the
scrooge mcduck and maybe it's trying to
do this on the cheap and even cheaper
than buying solar essence from Corbis
agro bus yeah is getting it for free by
killing monsters we would drop it sure
but it's just but it's costing you bombs
to do it with yeah yeah but it's costing
me the cherry bombs which are like
cheaper smaller bombs and I use those to
build the giant bombs which destroy half
the rocks on a level and you get deeper
in the minds and mind much quicker okay
that's fine
cheap you have over 800,000 gold all
right here's the thing you know what I
think I think by the time I'm actually
ready to do a major mine run I'm gonna
have to stream it it won't be a full
stream yeah but I'm gonna have to stream
it most of that gold I'm going to invest
in simple rocks here's here's how the
desert mines work
iridium in this game mm-hmm super
fucking rare super fucking room and one
of the spots you can get it is the
desert mind here's that here's the
here's the way - doesn't mind works
though the desert mind has no bottom
keeps going down forever and the deeper
you go yeah the more common iridium is
nice you get you get deep enough like
it's just just fucking everywhere okay
so so the strat is to get as deep
you can in the desert mine as quickly as
you can do it one of the ways you do
this is like with the rocks
I think it's 99 or 100 rocks you can
craft into a stairwell that takes you
down a level yeah so you fill your
inventory with rocks you craft a fuck
ton of stairs then you just keep going
so you you run out of rocks yeah and
you'll be at like level 300 and iridium
will be plentiful and then you start
dropping bombs so instead of
individually taking the the pickaxe
every Rock yeah you dropped a bomb it
explodes and destroys all of the rocks
in the area nice that all the stuff gets
sucked up into you and you reveal
staircases much quicker and then you go
deeper fast cool so rocks - you're out
of rocks and then you start using bombs
and you can get hundreds and hundreds
you get stacks both of the stacks of
iridium that way great also to the point
who says rich you're being cheap you
have 800,000 gold how do you think you
keep 800,000 gold you be cheap I don't
know if you've ever met a really wealthy
person like someone who has a lot of
money they will be the cheapest
motherfucker you ever run into and
that's why they're wealthy yeah yeah so
that's why rich has so much gold because
he's still not spending it but you also
want the coffee to move faster you want
coffee you want um I'm starting to grow
coffee but it's coffees fairly cheap to
buy okay I think you need that much and
and that makes him move faster it makes
you move faster you don't you really
want why not if your goes do if you go
deep enough and not might not make a
huge difference but there's things you
can eat that increase your luck which
also would I assume make Rydia more
likely to show up I would assume or at
the very least maybe just the the exit
scene get down quicker hmm cossacks with
speed boosting food as well maybe once
i've got all my ducks in a row got a ton
of healing items set up for it i got
at the the bombs and the the staircase
is ready to go yeah maybe I'll stream a
run down the mine yeah that'd be great
but it's it's a lot of prep work a lot
of prep work well great I'll be back
okay rich we'll be back
let's see here
Joe kitty oh oh one says hey guys what's
up e games are you going to play for
spook come on I don't know I'll play
whatever I want to play Jack and do a
spooky thing ritual play XCOM too but
I'll be wearing a I don't know a ghost
outfit or a pirate outfit and that'll be
super scary I'll be wearing a skeleton
outfit that'll be her scary games
what is rich Evans talk what he's
talking about star to valley he's
talking about his his mad stardew valley
strats for obtaining iridium

[Part II]
ever he feels like playing clown outfit
again maybe I did recently find my clown
shoes my mom I've been looking for my
old clown shoes for years now and I have
a really nice pair of red clown shoes
and my mom was cleaning out one of her
barns and she found my old clown shoes
and they still fit their little worn
they're a little a little worse for wear
but I have my clown shoes so I don't
know what I'm gonna do with him yet I
have big red clown shoes so I do clown
shit like listen this was a big
investment for me you know when I was a
clown I was a teenager I was pretty
young and a clown choose like good
professional clown shoes are over $100
and so like for me buying these clown
shoes was at the time a giant giant
investment and you know it was a being a
clown was a big part of my life at the
time and proud of being clay I was I
worked for it I went to happen to clown
school when I got my certificate and I
worked for it and I did birthday parties
and I was a clown at some festivals some
like fairs and I even did a couple
parades and it was great and I loved it
and I know everybody gives clowns shit
for being clowns but I ain't one of
those people I like clowns workshop
content we don't need a workshop content
so clown college right but why a clown
of all things because I because even at
such a young age I knew I wanted to
entertain people and I saw and it was a
way to make money too cuz you know you
can charge for going to kids birthday
parties and stuff and so as it was a job
his other profession was a butcher try
not to read too much into that they were
separated I do like the song send in the
clowns but I prefer I much prefer tears
of a clown if if you need a clown themed
song ain't too much sadder than the
tears of a clown so ie I need to work on
my juggling I used to be a much better
juggler and I've out of practice
juggling I should get into that
but seeing a clown song for us no you
know I don't remember what my clown name
was it was probably it was probably
something it was probably like Jaco
the clown it was probably something dumb
that I didn't put much thought into
William Tyndale no no I did not I
applied I applied but I didn't get it
okay where we lend fly Kaczynski says
Lego Batman Logan
Wonder Woman guardians and spider-man
have all been great superhero movies
this year in my opinion ever seen a
superhero or comic book movie that's
better than the source material um you
know I enjoyed the Wonder Woman movie I
thought it was a really good movie I've
never really cared for the books so I
would consider that I'd say I probably
like spider-man books better than the
movie but the movie was still very good
I'm trying to think of a superhero book
or movie that I like better than the
source Watchmen no Watchmen book is in
infinitely better than the movie
logan is better than the source material
yeah you know simple you know what civil
war but it was different like if I I
liked the premise of the Civil War books
a lot better than the Civil War movie
and the reason why they were fighting in
the books made a lot more sense and was
a lot better established the Civil War
books really ended in a fizzle in a
piddle in app it'll fizzle but the movie
was alright but overall I think the
books are better only because of that
premise
so the pitiful you know the madman the
map it'll fizzle and Civil War of the
movie ended in a fizzle and less of a
fizzle piddle the Civil War movie ended
on anon an OK notes I was ok with that
you need me to explain the poopoo peepee
video I made four years ago it was a
song that I made up while my children
were potty training and I thought it was
silly so I made up a dumb video that's
it it was just so it was a song that I
made that's it there's no there's no
greater story then it was just a dumb
song that I made up and I I made it into
a video and you posted it to youtube
with okay well cuz like I was going for
like a silly kids video like yeah it's
just a dumb song I thought it was I
thought it was I still think it's funny
so I still think it's funny candy for
crows says Jack finally saw a swiss army
man I never thought a fart could be so
emotional great music great story about
finding yourself and friendship
acceptance was a little long in the
middle but eight out of ten yeah yeah
Swiss Army is a really good movie
solidly good movie I I kept worrying
it was gonna get into like hipster
arty-farty bullshit but it always verted
my expectations with the really crass
humor and every time I thought they were
getting a little too like whimsical with
it they got fart whimsical and I thought
it was great I thought it was great so
we're sorry man a really good movie if
if you can find its it's streaming it's
streaming everywhere Swiss Army Man
highly highly recommend him
I think week it says we can play it now
it's downloading workshop content now
which we don't need oh sure sure so
sorry man or thunderpants I they're both
fine movies about farting thank you
swinging swinging is the sandbag on it
not leaning swinging there we go I think
was tight enough yeah there you go there
you go all right um hold on beards II
says wolf hand frog hand reporting in I
don't know what that means uh yeah if
you want to pull up the image I'll keep
reading tips oh let's say anonymous says
I noticed you guys have done board game
streams before I'm a huge board game I'm
a huge board game hobbyist so I'm
wondering what your favorite board games
are and/or what have you been playing
lately most I'm very sorry rich recently
I played I recently played was it called
tiny epic quest which I had a lot of fun
with
I love Marvel legendary the deck
building game we recently played
Settlers of Catan classic Settlers of
Catan the classic doing that too how
many streams up Oh fart house cinema I
love it love it did not get save right I
can read them okay we missed a couple
subs our last stream so this is a people
who subscribe to us last time like Ivan
Lee who says I remember when you first
streamed Dark Souls remove skeletons and
could barely stream
you've become slightly better keep it up
thank you thank you
Togo Sasquatch and leftover beef cake
for thirty four fucking months in a row
leftover beefcake says I know you guys
want to end the stream but me personally
I was curious how much can how much one
can write in the sub message box
can someone prattle on andand endlessly
talking about another important about
nothing important until they get cut off
or will they let me keep typing until I
get it thank you thank you beefcake also
the person who who has provided us with
the wonderful Twatter that we use to
keep track of all of your subs so why
don't we take another moment here and
read some more subs let's see we know
we're not done yet
but we can play it yeah let all the
stuffs I'm not sure let's take him over
here and thank kick girl V who has
subscribed to us for 17 months in a row
1 flex in ski
twelve months in a row says hit my 1,300
1,300 hour of FTL had a run where I had
to burst two's the glaive and the weapon
pre igniter I was killing ships before
they could take a shot yeah that sounds
great
turbo Dangerfield who says just wanted
to say thank you for all the great
entertainment throughout the years and I
can't wait to see what the future holds
thank you thank you yeah yeah take a
brash shoot yeah I'm sorry what
take a brash nuff nuff like that slide
see see it's a weird one uh-huh hardener
there's a chi key rner chi Harner one of
those darth Ozai Kris games 2004 twelve
months in a row and Chris Gaines says
insert something about tums or diabetes
great to catch you live in a minute stay
awesome gents what up
fog dog but 36 motherfucking months in a
row
well-orchestrated machine we did it
Bunga bag says all of the games and all
of the funds you guys just keep hitting
those fucking home runs we're calling
the pine resin and hunkering down also
that one time rich stream with a clone
after all this is my screen fades just
wanted to say prereq gave me aids I was
a nice little poetry yeah sorry I wasn't
prepared for your 36 months in a row
this 1 to 7 by the way we're not ending
the stream we're just killing time well
my my XCOM 2 mods are also downloading
big fat man 8 7 3 for 18 months in a row
crispy magic do you know suave I'm gonna
suave Geno suave
let me just swap if I like saying the a
in there yeah that's my son fancier who
knows probably horribly incorrect yeah
so I had a run-in with a bad whore the
other night
lol bit my tip god if you didn't pay for
it yeah it's terrible van Duren for 16
months in a row says how dare you
slander vanilla ice rich that man's a
national treasure as I did that's how I
dare even a wise there's a joke joke
with cool as ice rich scooby-doo
scooby-doo bad Dobby ooby dooby Scooby
dooby badou be you for know on if they
keep subscribing you're the one who's
fucking reading that one every goddamn
time that's your name now I think that's
a reference I think that's a reference
to the book to the Bob odden not Bob
Odenkirk to the Steve Odenkirk
based parody of Star Wars called thumb
wars mmm
instead of obi-wan Kenobi it's
ooba-dooba newbie and his middle name is
scooby dooby
so ooby dooby scooby dooby dooby okay
and that is correct I knew it
I watched the shit out of thumb wars man
he has the silliest name in the galaxy
rich we do Scooby dooby sillier than
Slartibartfast I like Slartibartfast
Hitchhiker's Slartibartfast that's a
great name sorry we did we scooby-doo
Viva newbie mermaid and mermaid and fair
power fantasy for 12 bucks in a row it
says a whole year sub-prime still hasn't
feared out an auto resub thing yet
apparently not well I think part like
part of the thing is is they're hoping
like if if people subscribe to multiple
people like you can spread it around or
something like that but you really
should be an option Val 5001 JJ chica
for 20 fucking months in a row says
thanks for all the entertaining streams
here's to 20 more fucking months prereq
rich prereq F bought prereq Jack wish
the most don't work quite so well in the
sub thing probably you probably knew
that's a joke captain s WC city wop men
doctor so io knaves for 29 fucking
months in a row dr. Sweeney says grab by
Terry flap squeeze it grab it
squeeze it and tug on my Terry flap hey
I want to take you to the Terry fold
dance want to come with me you can grab
my whole Dee folds squeeze them tight
you son of a bitch
and and with that we are caught up with
well and I caught up but we have
downloaded all of the workshop material
how do you put in the work it only
inserts it at the bottom Oh what it
didn't actually do it yeah at the bottom
bottom oh oh
so we'd have to read all of those
actually catch up yeah but that's fine
we know we'll we'll just come back after
doctors - okay okay that's fine okay
I'll scroll it up - yep okay hold on one
moment we have to go into chatty change
the name of the game we're playing you
change that I gotta get the game running
in them okay I'm gonna change that let's
see here X corn what did we call it oh
the the farming version yeah um more of
the chosen crops IB hosen yeah crops IV
hosing craps
I'd be hosing select game XCOM - war of
the chosen okay update stalling
Microsoft DirectX even though that's
almost certainly on here because I mean
like every every ever is that every
single but you go ahead and do that for
like literally no reason
it likes to install it every time every
time you stop playing it just check to
see if you have it no it actually
uninstalled it every time you stop
playing a game because it doesn't it
doesn't want to mess up your system we
talked about its in as much as neither
richer I have seen it and we don't
necessarily care - so sorry not sorry
just for the record all of these mods
that I have yeah I'm not doing anything
if it changes the gameplay it's all like
cosmetic type stuff like odd outfits for
soldiers and sure I saw you had the the
doom guy mod that's neat
yeah oh do you forget to change it no vs
I have to get the game running before I
can tell them to use it this is just the
this is the pre-launch menu now oh you
can you can select between than vanilla
it looks like X come to and war if the
chosen Oni and there's also a little
list here on the right of all your mom
for the mods you want to use oh that's
but you know what that's very nice yeah
that's very handy I like them I don't
find its offensive I just don't
necessarily care about it I know
everybody's up in arm about this whole
clown thing and there was a bunch of
dickheads there's a bunch of dickhead
clowns who are like protesting it
because it made clowning harder it's
like man you guys have dick kids it's
too late it's right clowns are
synonymous with creepy I'm sorry right
it happened can you keyboard in some
XCOM to action here next time to war of
the chosen or WotC chosen yeah great
I think exit go up a bit I think looks
like itll yeah make it big yeah they go
yeah that's great rich no mother does
have Jennifer Lawrence but it's also a
Darren Aronofsky film and that man can
get some he can get performances
new game new game veteran commander
commander no it's been a while since I
played maybe I'm probably gonna get my
ass kicked ache it down a notch look at
my ass kick you know that just adds to
the stream okay this man I'm also
turning on the the other I like I didn't
use any of the DLC shit
yeah so I'm getting them all DLC I'm
getting them all at once do it rich do
it wait is this the same opening no
probably not
we all tab without skipping
I go okay okay move that back over there
all right
dad and I guys might be able to hear a
little better
you can hear it great chap the
integrator checkbox isn't what you think
it is I read up on this it's actually
confusing I'll explain it later
people are saying should go back and
she's explaining like right I read this
I read up on this oh are you sure we
haven't seen this before
you're asking me if I'm sure about an
ex-convict
i as I said it I regretted it this just
seems like something we've seen maybe
you know maybe this was in like the
trailer for DLC this is a swimming by
the new prices they're the movie and
they're to highlight the new neat things
you get with the DLC Reapers
I'll take your word for it cover your
tracks and get the hell out of there
they can't know we were here yet
understood now
and this isn't all okay so somewhat
annoying for me as someone who doesn't
skip cutscenes yeah it's part of just
like a weird mental thing I have uh huh
yet I also frequently restart XCOM just
if I don't think I got off to a great
start this is really irritating of the
new year that the opening cutscene is no
20 minutes longer well and you don't
know if they're gonna put in a new thing
so you have to rewatch it every time
oh that is Marina Sirtis engage that it
sounded like oh is it someone say that
confirmed that's so funny
surgeries Kirk was saying confirm
most of the TNG cast is in this really
Jonathan Frakes where I walk
well Worf is obviously playing a big
dumb Elliot he's a tough one should I
ran them should I ran them should i Ram
them
oh Michael Dorn you've been typecast
they're saying Frakes is in Frakes is in
rich this is all cut so that integrated
thing yeah I read up on this yeah you
they want you to check the thing in the
woman all right there's this new DLC war
of the chosen yeah there's also old DLC
there's two old DLCs right okay and I
read up on this integrating those old
DLCs in the war of the chosen yeah just
means you get like the the props from
the likely the robot a class and some of
the weapons from the other DLC but you
just get that stuff in here but you
don't get the story missions that came
to those old DLCs so by choosing to not
integrate you actually get more content
you get those storied DLCs which I
haven't seen yet by not integrating it's
worded very confusing thing sure but for
anyone who has played them and
integrated means you have played them
already
the story missions just get that the
other items and shoes that
okay okay that now what now that you say
it makes sense but yeah that's worded
very poorly Marina Sirtis Jonathan
Frakes
Michael Dorn Denise Crosby John de lance
and Dwight Schultz John delance what are
we John delaine's is he's great
so much Shrek
the old DLC missions also don't work
very well we'll see here arch self says
hi rich and Jack I hope you're doing
well every summer we re watched Batman
Forever it was thoroughly entertained
thoughts thanks for the laughs PS rich
how dem white socks doing Batman Forever
is silly yeah I have heard an argument
stating that Batman Forever might be the
most complete Bruce Wayne as Batman
story told in the movies but it's so sad
about Bruce Wayne as Batman
it's just so silly that I you know the
the two-face Riddler stuff is very silly
find a bunch of shit dr. smoke trees the
one with Arnold Schwarzenegger is is
Batman and Robin talking about Batman
forever with the Riddler and two-face in
the next unit next units and val kilmer
right we need to know for watch dream
again as soon as the mercy changes come
out I've actually been playing some
overwatch and and getting a little bit
into doom fist he's a tough character to
figure out but I've been playing
recently as soon as the mercy changes
take effect we'll do an overwatch stream
because I want to I want to play a bunch
of mercy so absolutely the answer is
absolutely overwatch stream
you started playing sorry because me oh
man Zaria can give you some incredibly
badass moments Zaria as a heavy and just
not backing down
popping shields at the right time
decimating people I loves aria
the same so now if I haven't played
enough doom fist to know if I'll be
disappointed by him or not it's it's
difficult because you know you're used
to playing Reinhardt as a heavy being a
big melee character and so that's where
my brain goes with doom fists right away
is like I always feel like he has way
more health than he actually does so I'm
dying a lot and because it's he's mostly
melee orientated I don't I'm not using
him a ton I'm not liking them all so
anonymous says so I looked back and
turns out that the only full-length
trailer for force awakens came out on
October 19 2015 all right Disney
probably thinks delaying the trailer
until last-minute builds hype that's you
know what good sleuth work anonymous if
that is if we can you know believe your
information yeah Star Wars doesn't
necessarily need to advertise and they
know that I do for someone like me my
height level is minimum yeah but you
know the movies coming out I'm not
excited about seeing it as someone who
did not eight
the force awakens I am not excited about
the last Jedi
this doesn't look like stardew valley
this is a is a really intense stardew
valley mod we're actually trying to
break into a seed bank and inside the
seed bank they have pumpkin squash and
mega corn seeds which which yields two
times the amount of corn per stock but
in order to do it we need to defeat all
of these NPCs first so it's a it's an
it's an unusual stardew valley mod is it
because of rogue one that i stopped
caring
no rogue one is just a blah movie road
one advice my stuff here
that rogue one severely diminished my
hyper as someone who really likes the
force awakens after seeing rogue one I
bumped down my hyped levels a few a few
ticks
they're off the edge of some other
resolution sure would that help if you
can see your buttons no okay I'm just
gonna get all the things I want bound
bound great yes I know rogue one doesn't
have any Jedi's and obviously that
doesn't bother me I just overall think
it's kind of a dull pointless film I
don't know I don't care about any of the
characters in it yeah
characters you don't care care about
doing something that doesn't make a lot
of sense to which you already know the
outcome and plot wise you just let's go
here go here go there I don't know did
not do it for me yeah I'm with you I'm
with you rich yes walkers are neat good
I get it walkers or need I get it yeah
where's the turn camera rotate over you
know not like I'm for for me I'm not
dreading the last Jedi I've just
severely lowered my expectations after
the force awakens I was riding high I
really liked it I thought like it was a
nice fun direction even though it was
essentially retelling a new hope but I I
like the visual and I like the visual
direction and the the momentum it was a
good pace but after road one I was like
oh
one of the DLC ones I've got some
titanfall outfits in here not because I
like type of fall just because I think
they look neat like lots of neat outfit
I hear titanfall 2 has a really good
campaign mode
Rowland
rolling nigo cola says hey Jack and rich
I'm leaving
North America for the first time ever
I'm going to Oktoberfest in Germany for
the first week of October and I'm gonna
drink so much beer Jack any big trip
strats to share first of all that sounds
like an amazing time do it have a great
time enjoy yourself that's a really long
flight to Germany make sure you you get
up a few times during the flight just
you know take a walk to the bathroom
even if you don't have to go to the
bathroom stretch your legs it'll make
all the difference in the world and
drink plenty of water everyone forgets
to drink water when they moved person
ahead of him or else that's why this is
happening and I damn well know better
are you rusty is that it yeah just just
shake the calamari overs Rabbids you're
like a tank you have so much health it
doesn't really matter that much it's
fine I'll be fine
oh that's a good tip dreamer TK tell it
make sure you tell your bank and your
credit card providers that you are
leaving the country so that they don't
automatically shut off your credit cards
very important
well it cloaks I could even believe it
mate Oh blimey oh oh ma blimey blew all
my silver whiskers went bobbidi boo oh
that's another good one dreamer TK when
you when you go to another country when
you first get to the airport there
should be a tiny little electronic store
where you can get an adapter a power
adapter so you can charge all your trip
that's important
you're gonna die because you missed that
overwatch shot yep so dead so dead
sis Sperling says hey guys why is it so
hard to get a good giant mech game
wouldn't you play the hell out of a
modern mech warrior more giant robots
shootin and punching each other less
grey-brown shooters it would be I'm sure
someone's working on eight of them right
now
you can do it the shot percentage stats
that are shown on your turn is that a
mod or part of the new DLC that's always
been shot person yeah has never been a
mystery oh yeah this part of the
strategy figuring out how to get a
better stern shot yeah yeah yeah those
are always there XCOM the last one you
had that you talked about like like like
this right did the two hit yeah that's
not yeah and how it's like on his little
head there the 54% there yeah I'm trying
to remember a fad used to be I think it
did I'm pretty sure it is I think it's
always been
it's the blood color Ahmad no they're
aliens
yeah ish take mission photo some new
haha I've seen this you can make a
propaganda poster oh it's funny
does Mario bleed
okay gay please
alien propaganda between missions that's
new to terrorist forces instruct that's
cute that's cute that's great I'm doing
my part and right do you want to know
more
knowing this team there's got to be a do
you want to know more somewhere right I
don't know we'll find out no the Ranger
serves as our primary resources Ford
rich don't like Thor's rage not my ex
come not my ex come is that the
titanfall army no oh that's nice to be
DLC ever no no no well why does that
look notice but whilst you played it has
been a very long time since you dressed
your people of goofy as far away
no I didn't dress them up - I'm not -
goofy not like mega goofy just like it
sounds our sharpshooters engage enemy
targets with pinpoint accuracy from
extreme range they're also trained in
pistol marksmanship I was gonna say
something we got distracted about Thor
oh yeah IX come to me this is this is my
my gritties aat science fiction movie
yeah fantasy
I want people shooting at each other
with guns I don't want some idiot
running around who thinks he's in a
fucking anime trying to hit everything
with his goddamn Thord did your get your
ass out here Goku nobody wants you
there's a new rule here previously
recorded every character in an anime is
four from now on Goku that's why I love
it here - Goku like like fantasy setting
or kung-fu movie themed yeah I'll take a
thorn absolutely
my gritty rebels versus this alien force
oppressing earth I want guns like this
my V the final battle get your sword
badass oh good lord
get that shit get it right out of here I
want any of it
I can't different clothes I know Goku
doesn't you so that's why I liked him
referring to him as Goku no at least
part of that was a titanfall outfit
let's discuss it that's a mess right
there his outfit well has a hodgepodge
you you know you go into the character
and craters right you can sort that shit
out sure what what character class best
fits the dermis layer which one has a
shotgun heavy sniper assault not the
specialist that's a shotgun right Shh
yeah but that's the radio they have a
thorn - yes yeah I know sword well they
know of the glory kills my gut reaction
is anyone with a shotgun is the Doom's
there okay okay my my next option that
would probably be a heavy right like
with the big gun yeah yeah that would
work as well
he's a Grenadier assault I don't I don't
see no he has bullets not grenades I'm
sorry who the doom Slayer Rancic he's he
has grenades too but when you the the
first thought of the doom Slayer sure is
of bullets
I can see the allure of the Advent
therapy clinic as under the knife and
you've got a yes you need a shoot where
deer arms go yeah oh look at look at how
nice they organized their mods - yeah
that's really great game is very mod
friendly it's very for really then look
at that oh do it up can you put the
helmet on too
no it had
it's not so much shit
oh you have the Vanquish armor oh
there's not that's not that's probably
not vanquish vanquish transparent some
that solid oh that's it
doom enough rich look at that this is
exactly what mods were made for its
glorious everyone can be a doom marine
well do we want everyone to be a do
marine no no no you don't want to I'm
just saying everyone could be yeah and
that's the glory of mods what color do
we want it's got to be green
this guy bigger you want to see didn't
want standard I want I want that I want
the do marine yeah which green is whoo
that's a nice one that first one that
looks about right and then we can change
the secondary color oh you're right ok
just click on something else click on a
different color see just to double-check
no you're right
look shit you know what that armor looks
really silly without the arms it does VI
that's weird the sword clips through the
back oh well works are dumb that's why
all right leave the name people who's
the doom Slayer who is it who is the
doom Slayer hold on hold on chat lottery
when you open it in here rather than oh
I know but sit here it'll we'll get a it
takes a while to propagate so I will but
you just do the first one just a duel
marine that should be subscribers me and
mods subscribers and mods only
absolutely if I can random care random
chatter really host repose repose is the
do marine because the the Twitter only
works for someone who is like said
something in chat alright so first or
last name right after the last repose go
for a Jack you got the end keyboard I
need you to over it
posh is that it ah he was to peace I'll
tab make sure what they're either thank
you God now no no it says we we spelled
it close enough
say something else repose where are you
repose so Oh maybe only one p oh look we
can fix it who is even that person I
don't know but they are a subscriber
their subscriber and came up in the chat
lottery yep
so it's gonna count yeah see look the
the chat lottery only feels up for
someone who said sorry it's not re re PP
OS e PP repose for posh that sounds yeah
take the a out that's it
repose alright dooms their rubbish
mister sniper who's our sniper yeah we
gotta go you again because mine hasn't
propagated : I open this one up
everyone yep everyone everyone ready
pick a random chatter divers who ki tahi
first name dookie dookie of course last
name Dookie diver we need your help okay
it's sticky divers backstory born and
raised in ireland there is something of
a wild card
yeah no formal training speak of she may
just be the kind of recruit XCOM needs
it
she was jerry vanilla bias she was so
horribly bullied as a child because of
the name Dookie diver that she became
tough-as-nails years
of bullying turned her into the perfect
soldier I like it right do we need
alt-tab again I got some names in mine
all right include say something in chat
if you want to be if you want to be
offered okay ready
we'll do an everyone again hand over I
got it up in mind first your last name
what is everyone will know last name
might like show up on in missions
probably but my guess if it does one of
the other just gives my one there you go
Hanover boom I did it was one how much
is somebody who says something on the
chance we know they're actually
currently watching see here who wants it
who wants it the the first one I saw was
pick me pick me was epitaxy okay that's
the first one I saw in chat all right
well then if they if they get high
enough rank their their nicknames Pub G
that's right that's right great alright
now I have the tour up so I'll have
everyone's from now on okay let's get
one more
oh one more over we had a ton sure
technically all right let's do subs only
this is our last one subs only
Jordanna Danna
boom
there we go boom you too monkey fed have
a good night
I mean we got to give some of these
other people some cool outfits before
they go on their mission right we can we
can we can spend the whole fucking
stream doing this pose is the thing I
know I don't like I don't want to I
don't want to spend the whole stream
doing that but I feel like we need at
least two more cool out fine line I am
responsible for the entirety of our
research here as well as the procedure
you so recently underwent well I'm not
sure what central may have told you but
we found something while removing you
from the alien stasis okay let's see
here when I got here and access to the
equipment available to me during my
tenure at Advent I would already know
the precise nature of its function
however your approval of course
I share aspects of this facility are
indeed let's see here Gaye pleases hi
fellas hope there's room on your shelves
for the terrible DVDs they sent you
completely unrelated note got a new cat
and his name is rich Evans don't think
he's allergic to seafood though rich
Evans come here rich Evans
that jab is a jab
says hey Jack and Richmond joined the
stream while I can in Orlando thanks for
the entertainment
stay safe sad jad get the high ground
mother Jesus stay safe
never going to get any work crazy out
got here farad in 2 1772 says the
working file got corrupted or
overwritten or something so
unfortunately I didn't finish this but
it's about 90% done sorry I suck hope
it's ok that's it's rich it's a rich as
a this this is I just that link is ok
it's not spam its rich as a soldier
that's what I was looking at what
wildfires earthquakes over there we're
kind of work out we got it we got a big
land buffer by us all you got to do is
put up with nine months of snow yeah
that's not bad
commander
commander there's room for us to expand
our facilities on board the Avenger
commander but we'll need more engineers
to clear up space for construction first
motion commander the training center is
new apparently you can
your soldiers can like earn points and
buy new skills and additions the ones
they get from leveling up mm-hmm
it sounds like it could be a recipe for
just being completely overpowered which
is one of the problems XCOM has
late-game I'm worried it's just gonna
make it worse
oh it's gonna worries me Angela all
right but I'm gonna build the guerrilla
tactics cool because we need to increase
the number of centers absolutely
priority absolutely let's see here urban
crisis says thanks for the stream if
you're starting a new game an ex-con can
I be a soldier we're doing this watcher
or the the randomizer that seems to be
the fair way to do it we can do whatever
we want if they significantly impress
you we can name some whatever absolutely
you're if you are significantly
impressed something they say something
with something they say sure is yours
the training center just allows you to
bond to further commander where it's
binding that's something new to this you
can get as the reaper close to you once
two soldiers can work well together who
is their friend gives them something in
the area for additional supplies and
resources you never know what we may
find out there
commander one of our resistance contacts
just tipped us off to a site that may be
worth and I see now everyone in chat
going I love clowns clowns are the best
I think they're really funny because
what what because they wanted they want
me to pick them need to be on your team
you're so handsome thank you for being
so handsome yo guys
sir dank if of Wales is rich
you're supposed to be hyped for the last
Jedi why the 80 80s are bigger snoke's
ship is really super way bigger than
stupid Vader ship that's what I know
it's the bigger was that rich passing a
vast amount of data directly to your
cerebral cortex with the primary
connection severed much of that data is
lost several fragments do remain however
ghosts if you will observe tactical
combat simulations war games the sheer
volume of encounters you're processing
was astounding it it is truly remarkable
that you survived sorry TV's on I get
distracted I get distracted when people
talk and move TVs have not says you may
have talked about it earlier on the
stream but are you guys excited about
Nintendo's mainstreaming and XCOM style
game and our XCOM is pretty mainstream
now but hopefully more so would be deal
with mario Rabin's what about nintendo
kind of bringing in yeah tactical
strategy - to the family over ceramics
yeah I'm with you I don't like the
Explorer II sections very much well I
like everything else quite a bit
officers have clearly been modified to
allow for their subordinates to receive
new order
psionically the implanted yeah yeah no I
think you know for hopefully for some
kids out there they'll they'll pick up
the the silly little Rabbids Mario game
and and really be into it and start
looking into other games that are like
that that could happen no not worried
about exercising at the moment I go I
make sure to go on a couple walks just
walk around the block just something to
get out of the house and go on a walk
but no notice I'm just concentrating on
losing right now I will try to figure
out an exercise routine some sort of
muscle gaming routine when the time
comes but right now just just weight
loss
commander as the resistance continues to
grow we'll have a better chance see here
rich yeah how do your bearers do today I
have no idea I don't we'll have to move
fast as today football is today first
and they sold the pre-sale or just the
first full I don't know today might be
first football man you can tell I'm a
super enthusiast right
you're deployed reckless yes one of the
mobs rich has is the is the doom Slayer
armor is the doom guy armor and it's
awesome and in between every mission
we're gonna give someone some sort of
cool ass armor and I love it fucking
love it
anthrax max is also trying to get a
composer friend of mine to incorporate
rich Evans's laugh in one of his
electronic composition I'm a cellist
Julia if you missed earlier said bless
us bless up dudes
you're a cellist at Juilliard
I did miss your earlier tip I'm sorry
anthrax max who says hey there I'm in
college now I'm a cellist at Juilliard
so I can finally watch you all live love
you guys let's hope that br-2 o49 isn't
shit here's the cost of a train right
here in New York City I'm a cellist at
Juilliard
congratulations oh my god this grace
rolling so comically fast comically fast
Time missions
I'm emissions yep gotta keep that gotta
keep that pressure on oh you're right
Rich's hat just went into tactical mode
like Ash Ketchum it's about to get real
he just flipped the Hat ash Ketcham does
when it when he's ready to go into
battle takes his Pokemon League hat
turns it backwards helps him concentrate
oh my god oh my god now I've lost
everybody what's going on where are we
you've turned your hat too many times
rich you're over tactical I can't we're
stuck oh oh no way cuz it's moving there
what happened it's cuz of your mouse
should I move the other mouse what
happens
nope my screen stops scrolling forever
ly weird now it's working
don't worry everything's fine
hostile forces spotted yeah rich has to
catch some Advent that's his real test
this option scroll screen speed right
yes
likelihood that gear will show up
randomly recruit we can turn this up
down really yeah it's funny
tactical camera speed way the fuck down
what difficulty is this this is a
commander difficulty which is a little
rusty didn't want to go
man there's about what I usually play oh
yeah I want to go crazy high well I was
trying to talk him into the one below it
just uh you know he's back in
but hey
she's in it is in it to win it
minutes of women they need a mod with
the aliens
you mean the alien aliens that's what
I'm saying
like the Eila legs the Xenomorphs why do
they need that and be fun and a Ripley
then you need a Ripley mom
everyone's Ripley it all be the same huh
then everything is to say I think then
it's the benefit I don't see the appeal
of this Senna's alien for its aliens
fuck it's all agree clone
oh all of her clones well they moved too
far and I can't do a little ambush or no
that's sitting
I don't know where L will be spotted
from this is terrible thanks my name is
Tate something you know sometimes I'll
start reading something and you know
I'll read a little bit ahead but I'll
just kind of read it as it goes that
that one could have taken a sour turn
yep
yes have all Milla Jovovich is yes
that's a great idea
I love it make it happen
frag out
hey catch
nice you doing it rich it's hardly done
yet ah I like it let's see here
Essen and 1984 says hey guys just came
back from watching it missed half of
your stream probably my bad
I loved it I'm sure you guys talked
about it earlier thoughts here's an
extra tip money because I bought a child
ticket
neither richer I have seen it and either
richer I care about it that much I've
heard good things but it's not very high
up on my list of things to see Ford
target neutralized
guys there's a lot of grenades this
one's speaking encounter
proof fit swords are awesome up someone
saying good job Goku yeah until that
whiffs and he's left vulnerable yep any
games I'm looking forward to this
holiday season um oh I'm sure there's a
few nothing off the top of my head to be
quite honest with you all right I know
I'm rusty because I'm I'm not moving my
sniper last
doesn't really pop it out I got it I
have to find out what's all coming out
it's all coming out soon Mario Odyssey
oh sure Maura Odyssey yeah that'll be
fine
you know I'm most excited about the
mercy updates that they're making
motivation that's so doomed
you getting old Jack yeah I mean I'm
getting old but I like also there's just
there's so many new games every single
fucking day where it's hard to keep up
it's hard to keep up with what's all
happening but yeah there's I'm excited
new games coming on fine
yeah it is so do marine right that's
great I know like it's just a cosmetic
thing but it makes it it makes it like
20% more awesome is there just like a a
mute character voice option Oh Oh that'd
be great
that's the true do marine experience
he's not gonna say a fuckin word either
vixie and of course he invited me to for
rocket League if I'm on I've been
playing a little rocket league recently
that's a fine game just needed to needed
something to kill some time and yeah
rocket League little overwatch little
Team Fortress 2 actually tried to I
picked up by that Flint hook again yeah
after after we I played that other hook
game and I'm getting it a little bit
more I still think it has some some room
size problems but I played a little bit
more Flint hook and I got into that it
was the other game I tried out today
I tried out a Blood Bowl 2 which is a a
tactical like ogre football game it was
on sale for pretty cheap the other day
and I decided to pick it up just on a
lark and it's it's like XCOM movement
style but you're playing football with
orcs
right it's kind of interesting I haven't
gotten too much into it
lucky shot lucky shot one shot
nope you're not gonna give me a lucky
shot what's my rank in rocket League
well I think most of my hours are on the
ps4 on the PC I think I'm only 24 25
all right I can deal with this I can
deal with this yeah played a little bit
of that and I enjoyed the it's
interesting like so far everything seems
to be fairly simple but I'm sure it gets
harder as you play the game but yeah
it's it's like you know grid-based
movement turn-based tactical football
and it's really interesting once we're
done with this maybe we'll give that up
we'll give that a go
that's right peeps 13 if you if you have
the Amazon Prime you get one free
twitch subscription up in my mild
inconvenience for you with a great
benefit to us apparently it's in the
Warhammer universe oh how fun why are
you doing anything
they go
rich versus jack blood bowl - yeah that
could be fun
critical nine waste
I mean you kill them so that's right
sectoid waste your turn waste your turn
XCOM - tactical advice this is why you
don't attack the sectoid first you
attack the people around him first
mm-hmm like that guy I killed instead of
like the scary sectoid just go look at
all that health he's scary I want to
kill him yeah
no you killed a little guy with for
health then he can't shoot you next turn
the guy with the full health and there's
a good chance not a 100% chance that the
sectoid is effectively going to waste
his turn just reanimating the corpse of
the guy you killed
yep that's great that means I can come
over here and shoot you in the face with
my shotgun with a 100 percent chance to
hit as opposed to that fucking sword and
once you kill the sectoid
the sizin be also good smells blood Bowl
actually started as a tabletop war
hammer spin up oh that's so funny
it it was interesting I know someone
that's what I mentioned it before and
there's new DLC that everyone's talking
about it was on sale for like 10 bucks
this tactical football game and and so
far it's interesting I'm you know I'm
not much of a sports person about
shotguns are better shotguns are better
that guns are better and yes
the doom Slayer is a lady because the
lady had the shotgun so she's the doom
Slayer now
equality motherfuckers sorry it's okay
but okay what you got
I understand they buff the sword in this
but just the mic we don't like it fix
calm get rid of it and you fit it and
you had a point-blank shotgun shot
you're gonna take that yeah
gotta admit sing doom guy running around
a next time is kind of badass
absolutely fucking with we're gonna find
one more cool outfit
well doom guy does not do stealth right
do Slayer doesn't home slave
gender-neutral doom Slayer yes
so what's Blademaster god nothing swords
do more damage I think okay yeah maybe
and Plus 10 aim which i think is
something that added in this I'm not o
plus 10 I'm not a hundred percent sure
because I didn't pay that much attention
to the swords in vanilla XCOM - yeah
like that oh by the way they have a
fatigue meter now oh this little green
bar see that yeah interesting so if you
take him on too many missions I get 14
okay cool
Jordanna says remember I'm a diva when
it's outfit time let me see what cool
outfit we could find for your sniper
because they have that that six-shooter
we're ready to move when you are
commander I've updated our objective
information Oh kinda bond to limited
resources available to you commander
all right why not manage to exceed my
expectations
excellent work commander having these
two soldiers continue to work together
has paid off they know each other well
enough at this point that we can have
them commander is a powerful tool just
ask advents propaganda machine I say
it's time we turned it against them by
spreading the word of our soldiers
exploits in combat we can bolster morale
gonna make em shoot up a little bit
that's great thanks fire and ice
yeah well you think orange that pops
nice this may be a red no I'm dark red
yeah we're just fine
font
look not that not that
that's pretty angular oak now that say
go with that one yeah one yeah you know
it's chunky like doom take foam yeah
great
looks like it does 1 automatically for
every mission oh that's fun that's great
they add it they you know they added a
lot of fun the engineering team we can
start clearing out space for new
facilities commander we should keep
looking for more recruits though we'll
need them to staff the facilities once
they're built new orders commander doing
it up in comics and there was no Comic
Sans option there was a handwritten
option which looked just silly
yeah oh you know what who do you like
character creating that type stuff yep
just hand him over to Advent myself okay
yo this is my / yes okay yeah we got to
find okay we have to find some cool look
because you know when your sniper pulled
out that six shooter right look that was
pretty cool let's see let's see what
download I start with the torso have any
trouble bringing in a test subject for
tagging to look at especially since he's
not asking for a live go go back yeah
just make this easier go back we pulled
from a good escape like like out of this
menu at once okay one more time
captain's okay going to character info
okay okay attitude attitude yeah going
to laid-back just she holds her gun up
and we can see what the fuck were doing
oh there you go you're okay it's hard to
pick a torso outfit out when she's
holding her gun in front of it
all right let's see what we got here
these those are kind of cool
standard do should be a lot more not oh
it's oh oh oh yeah wait what no there's
not may be there may be some are
exclusive of the other armor too sure
see like is that yeah no no oh oh there
we go there we go check that out that's
awesome
the shoulder is part of mob what do you
add with the shoulders right and left
shoulder I don't remember that from
before
anarchy Mon no I think that's too much
well maybe you know what maybe just done
one oh there we go just like this huh
okay that's not bad that's actually
official oh yeah here we want we want a
head I'm gonna see if she has a cowboy
hat yeah I want her nice not bad well
you can click that one now we can change
it later
whoa whoa well it's modular that one
that's a mod one that goes with there's
other pieces in like the lower face oh
yeah
so you can mix and match to make a
helmet look at oh we could make a cyborg
okay I'm gonna have way too much fun you
can pick this game up again whatever you
want I can't I have it I know all these
mods are really easy to do just make
sure it's compatible with them or of the
chosen if you get the DLC oh we not not
for her but look at that you can have a
like a cool spy mask oh there's my got
better ones than that oh yeah keep going
yes mask that's great
wait how did you get a helmet on
okay all that matters is not floppy
being a was it oh we wanna
stupid
dress hat
where did that cool hat go which one
there was like a there was like a an
outdoorsy sniper hat lower there it is
boonie hat I don't like it the other
face prompts doom oh we don't like it I
don't like it I don't like that hat rich
I'm sorry
and she was so she was so cool when she
did her little her little you know pull
out the handgun thing that I want her to
have a cool look to her face perfect
floppy bunny it's slightly different
I know I got some cool ones whatever oh
I know I know this is just one of those
things where you could spend you could
spend hours just no time for dip 60 SF
gam fedora great
oh just do the red ham go ahead band
it's up to you that's kind of cool check
out the upper and lower face props just
probably some good stuff in there
upper face crops Oh see ya now we're
talking oh the sniper gets a nightmareg
cigarette absolutely I just want to see
what else look at that oh this is so
cool fucking love all this shit oh my
god yeah it's a good cigarette it's
wither where it's at look at that so now
she's gonna pull out her six year and
just go dice Kim do I have new face
paints doesn't perform on
unless these are part of months yeah
take their enemies are blood splatter no
oh shit we can do hair yeah we gotta
give her a cool haircut now there's a
ton of different dlc hairs just for the
females I couldn't find any freaking
dudes oh yeah yeah half of the room sure
anime characters
maybe I don't know those installed right
now I've done it I saw there was one
that was very obviously cloud yep oh I
don't mind that I don't mind dreadlocks
at all I'll tell you what dreadlocks to
me like this is a prayer this is a
person who who spent so much time out in
the wilderness killing people they have
no time to wash their hair right look at
that
Dookie divert scarce yeah we already got
blood we already got the blood hello we
just need we just need pants and we're
good to go first of all I don't mind the
tiny shorts I don't mind the tiny shorts
at all but no we need this there we go
there we go wait wait legs it's all
there once that's all there was four
legs and possible that's impossible this
is all there is relax
unless I'm missing something here we
have to be the normal non DLC legs
weren't in that list
show their torso legs unless with that
particular torso would only lets you use
I don't know that's something wrong
there oh wait what is this I don't want
this bike gauntlet
just enough mr. Larry there we go spike
call it was too much Dookie divert that
is a badass character right there look
at that look at that chick she's right
out of a Quentin Tarantino movie Dookie
diver you're a fuckin badass do they
come smaller do which come smaller the
pants yeah she had booty shorts but I
didn't like the look of her in booty
shorts will die first mission probably
once you put on Anarchy children torsos
you start losing options everywhere oh
that's dumb so because I gave her that
cool vest yeah well you know what I a
works it works
none of the mods do that shit right
right let's see here anonymous says I
think we are about to for an epic
adventure game with lots of voiceover I
know it takes a lot out of you guys but
damn there are some magical moments
sands and flowey or something special
yeah you know what I agree with you
I agree with you that will happen it
will absolutely happen the game Jack you
know I think we I think we just gotta go
to Space Quest - that's all there's
probably not as much dialogue in there
it's more pure do you remember how space
quest one was there was not much
dialogue at Space Quest one another
relatively speaking we just picked up a
signal s - probably along those lines
okay I'm finna leave one of ours but we
can do a jenolan sure I know it sounds
crazy but if there's any chance of sure
people could find something there
I think we owe it to them let's see here
Nikolas is thanks Jack and the chat for
the advice earlier at Oktoberfest I will
feel much safer in my later hosen Jack
are you big fan of German beer fo
aizen's whiff of this is the stance you
usually I've been drinking a lot of IPAs
no I cannot recite the alphabet
backwards
I played undertale so much I bought the
game and played it with their streams -
voiceover it gets lonely without us
doing the voices it gets lonely rich I
can see that you know I know there's
that that what is it the one inspired by
x-files
it's supposed to be good what I can't
get it yet you need 50 supplies someone
to be a sergeant that's irritating sure
there's a point-and-click adventure game
called like what is it now I want to say
Ron Gilbert maybe i sir don't get some
whale someone in chat is gonna know it's
cold
that's the let's the hip thimble we'd
Park I knew you guys were measures
cinnamon thank you look I'm not exactly
having drinks with them but they did
hold up their end of the bargain what
about wait and see
yeah I think that's right show up those
a little bit like Jonathan Frakes with a
lot of distortion as there wasn't that
recording Mulk to his friends
communication or whatever it was maybe
part of the reason why you're standing
here today bulk may be a little rough
around the edges but he's the real deal
that's one of three resistance groups
operating independently from us that
reconsiders the DLC stuff yeah
hate each other still we've made some
unlikely progress what these Reapers may
have found you but they weren't acting
alone they were tipped off by a group of
Advent defectors known as the
skirmishers they came from but you
wouldn't be here without their help but
skirmishers skirmishers have agreed sir
measures these provided you service that
go between the trust doesn't come easy
between these two so we're heading for a
nice quiet spot on neutral ground then
so let's not take any chances until on
this area is weak and we're picking up
strange chatter on comms not to mention
we're ending a decade-long blood feud
today and it buys our soldiers to be
fully prepared before we deploy on this
one commander good luck
since we're all friends now maybe you
could lend my people a hand in dealing
with a problem of ours
definitely Riker so I recommend we
proceed as soon as possible please
record this pair right here not the one
talking but that yeah there that guy's
15 West Asia that first recording it was
hard to tell the volume is down at first
but yeah second this action has agreed
to allow a two-person squad to escort
them to the rendezvous point hopefully
that should be enough to keep them from
killing each other
we've got a temporary ceasefire in place
for the duration of the meets let's
don't that doesn't mean we shouldn't be
ready for anything
absolutely
Marky's sniper um a two-man squad this
is what you're going for I thought you
were going bond there's two different
going out at once oh shit yeah yeah rich
Sharan do this now
I got I got my two heavy hitters on one
team in the - we've had that snipers are
weak but early game snipers interchange
screen resolutions I'm sure it's one of
those buttons down there I got or the
move well check out the bond later yep
we're gonna team up the shotgunner with
the Sharpshooter okay sure sure
all right
so man you got a drone right you're fine
you got a drone
guy Ranger deployed
to do
sunglasses girl will crack under
pressure the glasses are just a front
for her insecurities
I like that put your cap and tactical
mod Omo yep
that oughta be the very best no one ever
was doo-doo-doo-doo this is all brand
new to me exactly like Destiny's Child
or TLC more TLC either versus Beyonce
I'm yeah it's not like you can the other
I would probably closed anything right
that's why I like the eye patch
she's not even missing her other eyes
just focus
just focus first never but I think what
would be great is if he messes up the
character model and she puts it up to go
there's a decent chance very funny
we got the zombies from the man finish
oh yeah she voluntarily blinded herself
to be a better sniper yes I love it
I kind of like having the do marine of
course
you are safe here
more so than you imagine
we shall see if the same holds true for
these skirmishes of yours here Troy yeah
oh that's so fucking the Troy yeah I
didn't hear the president's already
disturbs them we must move quickly
my people will take care of this cat
come
uploading the coordinates to the
rendezvous point
now mr. happy life uh says the graphics
are really part of it the entire caps of
my people in the first years of the war
you would dare do this pretty sure hands
are bloody at both sides of this fight
that's the whole point of this
intervention Reapers are born in the
shadows in the cold harsh world that was
waiting for us out there we rely on
stealth and long-range attacks and our
marksmen are unmatched by even the best
XCOM has to offer reapers use an
advanced form of concealment called
shadow which only has a chance to break
after taking actions all right
consecutive actions increase the chance
of being revealed while in shadow
Reapers have increased mobility and
their enemies have smaller detection
radii
I go where I'm needed damaged and
dormant all these years these devices
still emit trace elements of unstable
radiation I cannot fathom what they were
like in the original function we were
there doctor you're better off having
missed it
this thing's for the first game
that's way you see the thing in the
upper y'all not that far it's far enough
behind woman it does not look like
there's a time I guess we just saw
overwatch creep yep I so like having the
dome buried listen it's silly because
you know it's the same character but yes
it looks like the do marine and it's
great I've got snipers on the squad
that's probably overkill oh well it's
not gonna hurt you it might for the
other portion oh sure
understood moving out
they're saying Reaper is not a sniper
though it looks like a sniper rifle
it does look like a sniper rifle and he
mentioned them being the best shot
okay
all right no there's no rush because we
have no timer yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna
fall back on the old stress that's why I
actually like the time missions
yeah that's kind of creepy looking
I'm down with those
like oh I like your Moxie but that's a
shotgun I bad range for that I can do it
I'm in overwatch
I like it I'm stumble out the windows
it's great so how did it become zombies
because the these pods had radiation
that's a major-league wanking yes yeah
so
but Oh chance will reveal
interesting what effects that can I
is it like better if I'm in cover
my life is in your hands
no it doesn't change anything it's just
a 50% chance I can only assume there'll
be opportunities to improve that yes if
we are careful with our shots we will
prevail
headshot shaming okay XCOM unit kills
the loss with a standard attack that
mean it receives an additional action
point by carefully selecting targets and
a soldier can kill several lost
look I'm
all right cool
what the fuck is there Skeletor mob
zombies these are the ex comes on bees
right up close check by the way it
wouldn't it be great if if do marine
took his sword out shoved it into his
shotgun and shot his sword at the aliens
that's the good use of a sword wouldn't
it be awesome
look sorta goes I'll never use this ran
out of points
so they hear very well and then great
numbers they can be overwhelming I guess
I'll just use my fucking shotgun
oh yeah
if I turn on watch ready to rock
an entire city of our own people I think
the idea with the lost is light they'll
just keep spawning in spawn you know you
just don't need em oh oh right I'm just
you know I think instead of having the
time around this that you you have like
the the loom of the Dead as your as your
creep there's a stroll for the park so
far so far have I ever eaten at Red
Lobster the fucking cheesy biscuits are
the greatest thing in the world I have
gone to Red Lobster and only ordered
cheesy biscuits and then left with my
order of cheesy biscuits Joe got some
cheese abyss - these creatures are worse
even than Advent they have no cause no
fear they simply exist if we do not
defeat the aliens soon we will become a
little more than a bit
rusty
anonymous says of course the female doom
Slayer won't stop talking just kidding
ladies we love you we love you we love
you when you talk about then that's what
anonymously not mean but anonymous I do
know that they sell the cheesy biscuit
mix at stores so I can make them at home
they're great I am disappointed yep
50 the I'm pretty good at long-range
shot gun hits you know shotguns aren't
as bad as they're made out to be in
games oh yeah I know good range that was
just pretty far if he's not what you say
he is I shall kill him myself looking
forward to this meeting already have to
go through here deal with that
yeah
first though
whoa
moving is ordered
Lorna's confirmed moving out
wants me to go up
all right maybe they just think I can
yeah you could Dom B's you could call us
as I'm confused what part is rich
disappointed in I don't think he's
disappointed in part so far what did I
say was just I don't know if someone's
someone's complaining and someone else
is asking what you're complaining about
but I don't think you're complaining
about anything then I complain nope I
think people soon yeah what soon I think
it's just a joke I'm looking at that
coming out okay where did you get the
XCOM 2 mods again Steve just go to the
workshop they're on Steam Yeah right
well you can go to XCOM mixes probably
hasn't there too sure but right now on
your in your game page there should be
right under where you hit play for the
game there should be a big button that
says workshop you can go to the workshop
and then you follow people and you get
the mobs that they make and you should
get the doom Slayer mod for this if you
have it because then you get to take the
dooms lair with you Oh rich said he was
disappointed that his sniper missed a
shot that's what he said he was
disappointed yeah probably yeah
yeah the workshop is actually really
easy to work with you just click a
couple buttons and you got your and you
got your mom's isn't that the stream
ends immediately at the four hour mark
the four hour rule is I like to go at
least four hours right so not only is
the four-hour
hour rule being followed right now we
were getting more you're just
misrepresenting what the for our rule is
one yeah I didn't get this dumb I think
that every stream
oh wait I got a Oh soldiers remaining
that's not a terms left out okay there's
no reason to rush
no no reason right so you got four years
my people hunted his kind for years we
survived now you risk everything for
your dreams of peace if you haven't
noticed the aliens have been kicking our
planet's ass for the past twenty years
you think maybe it's time we try
something else
if only your speeches could take down
cursed creatures I think rich is
enjoying this all right it you know at
first it was weird and Bradford having a
different voice yeah I can fully admit
he's better no
and in this game Bradford's a lot less
stupid haha okay like in the first game
when he was like confused when the
scientists thought it would be a good
idea to like capture an alien alive yeah
anyone think that's a what a kind of
ridiculous idea is that and then it's
like you know Shen the engineers we
could we could interrogate the alien and
oh yeah yes it's very good shot Bradford
is so stupid yeah the next comment amia
known I would frequently do bradford
while playing that game as the Sun
Yvonne's voice it's being dumb and
ignorant existed these creatures seem to
employ some sort of rudimentary
communication system
auditory signals or some form of hive
like consciousness your point doctor the
entire swarm knows there is food here
now I would advise we make haste to lead
this area
I'm presuming oh god I hope I'm not
wrong that I can't find if we all sprint
right you just have to make it there
right yeah I woulda lost but if it was
extremely stupid yeah yeah was second
squad is already on route to MOX proceed
to the rendezvous and await their
arrival she's not the greatest she's a
yeah
choo-choo in that old scenery Oh we'll
be there long range shotgun hey do
marine am i right he did the doom Slayer
dude and I haven't a shotgun wielded by
the motherfucking Doom Slayer dooms Leia
gay plea says hey guys about to get some
sleep because I gotta get up at 4 a.m.
for work to make somewhat interesting
conversation mice okay sir why is this
ship hovering so long do I have to put
like a button is this a cutscene I was
loading screen oh okay
read any good books lately night really
haven't sorry
Philistine but I have not read into good
you know I started I started that Oryx
and Crake book and I have not gotten
very far in it
the drop michael dorn is all done it
our meeting point is still secure Oh
Wharf ramming speed we have to go in
random speed surprises are the least of
our worries today it is these reapers of
yours that are of concern after its
office they have a grapple oh how are
you not gonna be overpowered with this
mod
the DLC you mean yeah what the DLC none
of my I said my time at DLC well you
know this is both of these stages or
tutorial stages I can only assume that
they've ramped up the difficulty in such
a way where it's balanced and I hope
they have not made the normal XCOM
soldiers mostly obsolete that would be
irritating yeah yeah yeah well you know
it's it's all about balance and you can
only hope because they put out quality
balanced games before that they have
they know what they're doing right maybe
yeah maybe
they say the chosen and the alien
nobility will but fuck you in ways you
can't even understand says the 97th
jackal so they give you some nice
powerful characters but all right
probably you some nice powerful enemies
too
I don't want I don't want
XCOM soldiers to feel useless either as
compared to the DLC sure the super
stealth and shoot twice soldiers yeah
you can power up normal XCOM soldiers
through the training center yeah plus
the alien rulers and chosen can be Oh PS
fuck
oh there you go what Oh they blow up
when they die you weren't kidding when
you said those
any unnecessary chances the patrol has
been liberated a their lives not be lost
in vain we must push forward and
complete our mission
well me move out don't remember seeing
these things before you were not meant
to purifiers were created with a
singular purpose to contain the Drakh 10
the lost we must eliminate this Patrol
quickly before others arrive fine by me
take them down
so use your grapple hook she doesn't
have a grapple hook oh I'm sending it
from the stairs
oh you give a grapple hook that's like
something they brought back from home on
the roof oh that doesn't come as an
action either
that's interesting
rich he's on the road
he's got the grapple hook Oh rich what
there's your poster why is it here in
this abandoned section with all the
zombies we just we just made that poster
yesterday yeah they were they were busy
putting it up in the zombie light oh
that means the zombies you killed were
your friends that we're putting up your
poster which makes no sense
mad roots dreads
pulled off I had to put a little too
much alien stuff on voice
let's see here now Thomas says Jack do
you have your kids Halloween costume
planned out yet also so used to the
number pad on my decimal point so used
to the number pad and my decimal point
doesn't always work if I tip you $200
one day just know that you didn't truly
earn it
thanks anonymous no no I did not we were
still figuring out some family costume
ideas
this is no patrol it's an army
well okay hmm
Pura fires may be down but unfortunately
that was our extraction point I fear
that it's not the worst of multiple
biological signatures rapidly on
approach to your position the lost the
sounds of combat excite them they are
drawn to it there was no other choice
find an alternate exit we will deal with
the lost track Lara
dashes they are not as docile as the
rest of their guard an apt description
it would seem the mutation as somehow
accelerated these dashers metabolism
allowing enhanced speed and agility with
a corresponding increase in aggression
hold position for 4 turns grab all
wrap all oh okay all right
I have my finger on the ixi guy sir
clicking right-click and nope no I don't
want to move yet
yeah it's our orig gonna get all these
guys on moves
you gonna get it what I want to get all
these guys on rooms yeah mad roof strats
hunkering down slowly towards whoops
sure
sure that's right the zombies are
zombies
the
these laws seem to be pretty sensitive
to noise the sounds of combat are likely
to draw even more of them oh shit
I have to shoot
oh no there was a grenade thing grenades
you know loud
Hey
the shockwave of that explosion
reverberating throughout most of the
city I would expect a significant
reaction God you sound just as dumb as
this alien than you do is worth fighting
all of that fighting is the only fight I
fight for honor and combat are the honor
and combat that we honor combat combat
honor without fight there is no life
we fight for life the life fight as we
call it in my fight life are you
underneath
enemy destroyed reloaded
was that thing Worf was wearing on his
chest and TNG I was like a Klingons
Klingon honored with honor Klingon glory
battling battle honours like battle
honours Klingon warrior because that was
lost big thing right we see the first
Klingon officership the first Klingon we
spent any amount of serious time with in
Star Trek
oh sure but yeah he's the first Klingon
in Starfleet period yeah so that was
basically him like you know keeping his
uh keeping his own yeah
Oh
oh my god Ridge that's so many of them
custard together
conveniently sure and you do get you
know as long as you have the ammo we can
deal with this
you dumb idiot
so can humans and Starfleet wear giant
American flags if they want well one
that's assuming that they're American
and we know that not everyone in
Starfleet is American the card but I'm
sure if they had now the reload is a
free action you gonna scare something
weird rape if not I'd throw a grenade
XCOM
did it XCOM you
well that that 99% chance shot that
didn't kill the zombie you know I really
fuck my day yep
I think it's green if it is free
someone's saying
you can take out two that's ash
cuz I got for help yeah it's got for
help
died horribly stress okay you can do it
100% nice tactic right there
look for the weak one you know you can
kill
first
all right I'm gonna get a free action so
you can reload right away or move or
shoot a grenade
thanking is being done no worries think
away collecting data says thank you for
the for our stream goal I love being a
sub but cannot watch as often as I would
like thank you for your time
lol cringe at my midge okay
we're trying to keep the game volume up
for anyone who's interested in you know
then all the new content of the games I
know the right now there's a lot of
music and we're not talking a lot but
overall it's a good idea for people who
want to hear what the new characters are
saying
is the other one
- Tara
that I took out there
it's work
thank you okay
she's not things back there I think it's
right behind those stairs he's not that
one specific square of yeah I'm fucked
one of them's alive
using it in damage
miss I'll take it this is weird we
outrun them is that a thing that could
work
I mean maybe someone is saying this
zombie mission is making me want to buy
this new XCOM DLC once we get this
mission over we'll get some first
impressions by rich
grapple grapple the freedom rich
you can shoot 100% shoot barrels
don't think that'll count it's the free
action though I think it needs to be a
zombie and and it's at all it says
headshot you need to headshot design
that was quite a gamble right there
co-spon we talked a little bit about
Netflix well I talked a little bit about
Netflix defender series overall I
thought it was all rights maybe a little
underwhelming but you know slightly
better than the pretty subpar in my
opinion iron fists and Luke Cage it was
fine I didn't necessarily care about the
storyline because it was mostly Danny
Rand storyline but and one of the most
upsetting parts for me was outside of
maybe one or two the action sequences
were kind of disappointing the best way
I've heard it be described as far as the
disappointing aspect of it is what you
have here is a bunch of characters who
all have similar powers is they're
basically basically just all punch
people and when you have a group dynamic
it would be really important to have
different characters with different
power sets being able to fill a greater
space you know if you think about like
something like The Avengers you got Iron
Man flying around you have you know Hulk
doing big stuff you have Hawkeye being
like the Scout II then you have Captain
America and Black Widow doing more of
the punching stuff and you have a wide
range of heroes who are able to fill a
greater space than the defenders are
so hey I wish they're action sequences
were a little more dynamic but overall
not terrible
that's a lot of them it'd be great if
you're over the modown multiplayer with
that same gun is that the strap now the
right in the fucking path oh this is a
nightmare
it's a very spirit is in the Marvel
movies including The Avengers even
though they seem diverse the characters
largely all just punch oh I think wow
that's true
they still do more than that they he'll
have different mobilities and you know
it also speaks to a good director who is
just giving them something to do on
their own
like I said filling a different space
Iron Man might be punching aliens out of
the sky but he's doing so while flying
around with rocket boots very different
than what cap is doing on the ground
which is very different than what
Hawkeye is doing they're all working as
a team doing slightly different things
even though they're fighting so they're
just they're filling different spaces
and I like that is your distinction yeah
this is just the worst you know and
defenders unfortunately just with the
with the cast they have and how they
shown their power set there's not a
whole lot you can do in and then of
course add on to that a a low budget you
know low TV budget this is kind of what
you get any time Daredevil and Jessica
or Jessica Jones was on camera I was
happy everyone seemed to have really
good rapport together like all the
actors all the characters played well
off of each other when they weren't
fighting so that was good there's some
good buddies
up
shooting everything was your idea
what the hell is this one target
chaingun crap well it's just his gun
that's how the game works
how these monsters work you'll get the
free action on every kill on these guys
oh no I think they might like the one
guy has a chain gun but he can only
target one person at a time you know
oh yeah it would be great if he could
like do a sweep just like sweeping
anyone in range it's a little bit of
damage I see I see what you guys are all
saying about stuff which is in the in
the moment now we'll talk about it when
he's on commission what's wrong
nothing's wrong something's wrong what's
wrong nothing's wrong what just finish
like what every time you throw a grenade
it attracts more i if I don't throw
they're gonna have to kill them they'll
be close enough I'm assuming a mailing
him from that will be strong enough to
kill me maybe in one turn I don't know
I am doing it but I'm not doing it
blindly I understand the risks right
you're making your way you're slowly
making your way downtown so I think I
think you're doing you know
do anything oh my god
you gotta move man cut it mom but if you
move you don't have any bullets I get it
ready to engage
he's gonna wish he had those grenades
later though don't tell me that yep
slowly making my way downtown walking
fast The Lost pass and I'm home long
ddd doo doo doo doo so close no I'm so
close the doom Slayer is on a different
mission right now the doom Slayer is not
with us the doom Slayer is hanging out
with with Troy currently
double-time
yeah it's only headshots that will get
you free actions that's what you're
hoping for here so sword won't help
oh just right there well set me it's
wrong I I have nothing for you it's just
run running won't work that's a lot of
them you think that's a lot of them even
if they're pretty weak there he could
probably take you Oh God
double I can't double move it the extra
it's too far right
I could gamble on what what the lost
range is I don't I don't really know
right
anonymous thanks for the tip hey I read
you yeah I know I know I probably have
enough ammo to take a lot of these guys
out but here's the thing
what's my what's my percentage to hit
her 989 that's not 100 you you miss one
of those shots and you don't get any
more free moves after that you know and
then you're a sitting fucking duck I
think the move here the idea the strat
yeah walk us through it it's just a run
I don't know what the why I have never
run across the loss before I have no
idea what their range is this could be a
horrible idea it could be or it could be
exactly what you need to do we don't
know the right strap may have been just
Duke it out all right let's see if this
paid off
what
apparently that counter does two moves
for them oh this is good that worked
then you can get everyone to the extract
point this is why I didn't do that
earlier by the way nope yep
and now you know and knowing is half the
battle absolutely rich took a a
strategic risk there nice
now brighter and the first team should
be waiting for you ahead oh nice job
rich thank you nice
oh and I was there a third part where
everyone comes together I don't know I'm
gonna say cutscene where the factions
decide whoa oh where I hate you you hate
me but we'll we'll work together I've
owned rage yes rich made it to the end
and everyone survived
I don't like you but what's to be done
Wario's Autocode say warrior honor to
fight warrior smash is the way even
though the combat glory even though you
fight me you fight with honor so I
respect your fight comes to atone for
his crimes I am free now taking off that
helmet does not change what you are
Reapers have long memories elder the way
I see it we have two options join forces
and kick the elders off our was everyone
else or kill each other here and so she
just escorted the nose
what no one has ever done before no one
shall ever do that again
my people face another like this
characters are so lame they really are
you know why XCOM is best with you know
nameless soldiers you made your own
stories it's one of those things where
you you grow your bond with your soldier
as you do missions with them they don't
need to tell you their backstory because
you remember that one time that one
soldier made a really awesome shot and
save the day
yeah yep I am with you rich we don't
need the aliens are more interesting as
just really unfathomable unfathomable
and mysterious and odd honor glory
oughta kill glory just Worf they just
wrote war this is Star Trek fan fiction
that sword check didn't some much
different the invisible sword check
mysterious stop say anything unknowable
aliens that was far more interesting no
one has done that before that was so
cool don't you think that was cool I
don't know what I'm shooting at
I don't know where it would be is this
I think the Strada just to over watch
this she's invisible all right she's in
you have like a bomb radius
we're green to go
yes BFF ability unlocked
it's not anyhow he's calling you
commander already to like I know you're
the commander but you know what she
looks kind of dumb
we should damage from explosions no okay
increased damage from the Reapers you
so what now defeat the chosen do not
allow max today do not allow drag
Guevara to die
that's your objectives rich does that
mean we'll just stay here and go on a
watch you have to defeat the chosen you
have to defeat those assassin lady so
audio I couldn't hear - okay hey badass
I am trusting you
the sonic dispersal waves emitting from
that pod are Criss crossing a massive
area meaning that thing just rang the
dinner bell for every remaining lost in
the city an accurate assessment the
entire lost biomass seems to be
converging on this position
oh my god why is this so long
oh my god I'm this is that you know with
this fur fur basically the point of this
mission is a big backstory dump right
yeah we met two new characters we met
two new villains and you learned the
basic game mechanics to deal with both
villains and the gameplay mechanics for
your new friends all in basically one
long mission yeah that's a whole lot of
information to dump on a player in one
show
their attorneys here
nine Firecat says this game looks like a
ripoff of mario rabbits but with the
Gears of War hula
that's my alley
I want to be done I want to be done it's
run I'm just I'm just I'm I'm mentally
exhausted it's the thing well I am
mentally exhausted right now we've been
streaming for a lot going on that was a
big information to him rich you got to
learn a lot of new tactics meet a lot of
new characters
tell rich to hold alt while trying to
move oh yeah this they added something
of this I forgot about it
you're holding on well I got I changed
the button target preview oh you'll see
if something if you'll have line of
sight after you move oh okay that's me
that's very neat yeah
yeah I'm I'm exhausted I am absolutely
exhausted rich this has been a long
mission initial analysis of these
creatures almost coordinated attack
strategy perhaps not the mindless
automatons they initially appear to be
an intriguing possibility
I go
that's a yeah Jhansi scarecrow says they
tried to shove all the new stuff into
one mission yeah kind of overdid it yeah
that's a lot to take in
that's and well and that's a lot to ask
of the player to learn how this
character works learn how this other
character works learn how this bad guy
works there and how this other bad guy
works all in one and here's a bunch of
story stuff and here's more story stuff
and here
watch I will go
three up and reload
we're not gonna waste my shots on these
guys waste a bullet
look let's chance the hit and if you hit
him with a normal shot
you have a higher chance to hit and you
get the free action yeah yeah that's
very my shot sends up a waste of mental
well it's a city blanket sitter oh we've
killed a few dozen I'd say about I don't
know four to ten million depending upon
what city we're talking about like
here's my question
counselor Troi have you ever been to a
city before just like maybe you haven't
a lot of people live there
return to your gods
this is aam be what God it's a fucking
zombie rich that's the next DLC is you
meet the zombie gun you meet the zombie
God and he tries to convert you oh you
dingus yeah alright guys my bad my bad
guys
nada 70 percent wimps
heading to that location
shotgun I'm actually gonna use overwatch
that because once it comes that the site
will be relatively low so it'll probably
a good show
sure sure
heading there now
Lulay me is that Jesus emot-- is the one
from SOS that's that thumbs up Jesus
that's smiling on the cross Jesus
the tour
I did not exist when this city yes
you're a proud warrior you're not an
honorable way to die prom-prom I'm a
proud I know I was your enemy once but
I'm proud of being a warrior and yes
Farscape they kind of retooled the show
but during the first season they
realized it didn't work okay Dargo
starts off just like that
yes warrior proud warrior on up or they
realized that was a dumb idea
yeah and then instead of being like the
hard-assed who kind of doesn't like John
nerdy John Crichton he kind of becomes
like drinking buddy friend oh great they
they completely rewrote his personality
and it just worked the game is dumb
there's no stereotypes let's not do this
you know and that's okay to do you can
do that isn't right every show
so I talked about my shirt this is um
it's like a little controller on my
shirt
is there even a way through here or is
just wasted
not get rich I want to say this is a
shirt that I got before backing a
Kickstarter I want to say it was called
Indy City it was it was a series of like
five or six my code micro documentaries
on game makers out of Chicago a lot of
the Chicagoland area and it was it was a
nice little documentary series and I
thought it was a cool shirt design a
little got a little controller on it and
so he goes legs jack they're here but uh
I like that Oh be doobie scooby-dooby
it's not retreating rich its honor
running
like I said I forget I forget what the
name of the documentary was called but
it was it was neat you know there were
these little stories of Chicago game
makers and t-shirt doom Slayer plus doom
gal equals knee deep in the bed you can
get it No
Oh first episode of do we need deep in
the dead it's a pussy it's a decent pun
okay and yeah that's fine fun need deep
in the bed yeah yeah that's fine that's
fine that's not gonna waste an ammo
after this mission Jack can you let rich
I am done after this read subscribers
while you reskin the Gatling dude his
look sucks he needs to you know who I
want I want to reskin the other lady I
want to see I want to see if I can make
moon girl this is exhausting
this is fucking I kind of hate the lost
I'm utterly exhausted well you can just
be done I need to get to the end of the
mission that's that's just what you do
yeah not gonna deal this fucking hoarder
for you Oh God
just run everyone's got a guy if I do
that do you think yeah it works for you
last time I'm not saying that that's the
smart option yeah but they'll be closer
to me over here they could probably get
to me in one of their turns possibly
yeah all right fuck it you doing it
fuck it see if it works
late master it's already a bad idea yeah
oh yeah these two guys it's not over ya
know rich is getting to the point of the
night where he's willing to listen to my
ideas and because I'm so mentally
exhausted exactly so you know rich is
done
he's just looking to die so he's like
Jack what would you do in this situation
your friends will join you soon
Oh
oh good I thought you were about to miss
a 99% chance shot happens and you can't
complain right three to four that's a
bigger risk
what's your bonus thing what's your
bonus thing on a 97% it happens yeah it
happens nice
fucking stop missing shit
they won't fight no more it is under my
watch
oh Claire oh that's not much damage
detecting additional lost converging
near the evacuation coordinates I'd
signed caution it would seem the lost
are on to our strategy it is the elders
will that this alliance fall yeah yeah
they hired a hack to do the writing it's
a fantastic superb well-made game
yeah with a hack during the dialogue
Jack I agree man I agree
doom it up
target down
all right
I must run
we designated coordinates
can I can mix in thanks for sticking
around
good night now I'm almost done this is
the last this is the last mission you're
here well you and you're here you made
it you're making it you haven't made it
yet but you're about to make it maybe
firebrands in position but the evac
zones even hotter than we thought
running out of time here people tell her
to hold as long as she can we will be
there right there
the gamer bendito yes you did just
arrived as we were getting rid of that
in the stream
yep sorry but thanks for coming out we
appreciate that fuck just just fuck
the zombies appear to be a an infected
humans from from alien radiation yep yep
the the original pods from XCOM enemy
within
have been left to spew radiation
oh I respect you
what she got she got Worf
we have to go save him the guy we just
met and hated forever before them study
the varying means of survival they each
employed all these years be done be done
rich you down I want to check out a
couple of things I wanna I want to see
if I can turn one of your characters
into moon girl she's a she's a comic
book character and she works with robots
and stuff when they don't have a chance
to help us locate our captive soldier if
we deploy on a covert action alongside
them thank you for sending additional
support staff to assist me commander I
will make sure they are put to good use
we may have chosen two different means
of resistance stop I give up cancel
cancel one do this you can do this
you're almost there Nate you're there oh
because I hit escape okay great all
right
where's your soldiers there we go
we've had our suspicions before now
we've never had the resources to
investigate the possibilities specialist
yeah yeah so what I was looking for when
we I was missing with
it's a fun game i bitch about dialogue
my gosh it's a fun game yeah in fact I
think it's better when they're not
trying to make their own characters out
of these soldiers let me do that my head
absolutely that's what it's all about
yeah
yeah yeah Bradford and kind of out which
game it is the engineer and the
scientists they give the board a light
you want their mouth don't care about
anyone else
fuck it well Matt in the councilman I'm
okay with him - yeah
we've got a special mission for a while
yeah my hippie glasses oh here we go
Vikram No
oh wait I can't change the color of my
Fit thick-rimmed glasses come on
get right out of town what's wrong can't
do the thick rim glasses well I can't
change the color of the glasses I wanted
to change the color of the glasses that
does that chicken let's go check next I
said I'm gonna check next rich it's
gonna go over to you aren't you going to
read names it sits on the same computer
or as XCOM so it's it's not gonna work
out so well I'm just gonna goof around
just for one second I just want to check
the workshop to see if they have
something just for me it's not even
anything I'm gonna I'm gonna he's right
man I just want to see if they have
something
Iron Man Mudds oh look he can I
spider-man yeah dead Oh Deadpool funny
yeah what anything ever glasses no
probably nothing just for now Ira Glass
voice pack Dosher glasses there's a - I
don't know I don't know Adam Jensen
glasses they they have some glasses yeah
yeah of course they do that's great
all right great uh hey let's finish
reading names we start at the top
there's way put a write up where we need
to be great let's uh oh wait hold on
anonymous says did you guys ever play
Borderlands 2 I think he would've loved
the game co-op fun exploration and
bosses you could play up to four man
with silly dialogue not bladed I played
a little bit of the first one and I
thought it was a fun the shooter a
really fun shooter but it got upgrading
the guns got really tedious for me yeah
because you know all enemies drop guns
all the time and so then you just stop
and you just do math oh this guns has a
two-digit number and it just it's
constant math like I yeah here's the gun
yeah I'm a guy kind of like this kind
but that gun has a larger number so I
like that gun better so I never got
around to to because you know one was
like a Latin flex in ski says rich have
you ever had a superhero movie that you
thought was superior to the source
material I showed my mom guardians to
and she loved it she wanted to watch a
maximum hold your overdrive is it any
good Maximum Overdrive it's been so long
since I've fuckin seen it I don't
remember no remember every member of
Iraqi fun but I was much much younger
when I saw that comic movie better than
source material Iron Man ooh nice nice
one rich nice one
all right now that says now it's the
time the show in which we thank all the
people who subscribe to us during the
stream much like nice 7v G shots for 36
motherfucking months in a row whoa thank
you shots - shots
she shot since three whole years I
finally made it
but why anyway thanks for all the
entertainment Jack and rich and now the
important question when does Jay top
Twin Peaks whenever he wants to whenever
he wants to it's true man is an open
invitation it's true invitation
indentation an invitation invitation I
like invitation better I said you just
made it was only an invitation like the
first person who ever sent out an invent
and invitation and they made up the idea
of an invitation that was the only
invitation ironically he was inviting
people to his party to celebrate his
invention of the invitation Stryker one
one to one for 28 fucking months in a
row since thank you
for being a friend traveled down the
road and back again your heart is true
you're a pal and a confidant all right
Kalibak so hey guys it's Gil back again
I got a Nintendo switch and Mario XCOM
because of you guys even though I don't
play those games Cheers
I hope you're enjoying I do you know
also maybe buy a game that you will play
Saba sonic Bell says any commentary
tracks featuring Jack in the works no no
no there's no commentary tracks in
general in the works right now so yeah
and waffle tail for 25 fucking months in
a row dr. Seberg sensitive joss whedon -
manda pandemonium who says for months
heck yes also as a darkly inclined
person who loves Halloween I will just
be displaying even more decoration in
protests of Jack's anti Halloween
rhetoric and dressing and even more
black until I look like a black hole
love you guys first of all who's your
anti Halloween rhetoric my anti
Halloween rhetoric is that I love
Halloween it is by far my favorite
holiday I decorate my house I dress up
for Halloween I don't think people
should decorate their houses until
October oh okay okay there was no there
was literally no anti Halloween rhetoric
I just don't think people should do
anything until October 1st you just want
to keep the Christ in Halloween I do
first of all yes I want to keep the ween
in Halloween and I want you to push the
little daisies and make them come up I
worry that by by starting decorating
earlier and earlier what debt were
diluting
my wonderful holiday no passerby I get
to say slothy bromo jealous
Geoff five three three three or 5333
either one machine gun funk for 17
months in a row sir Danforth Sol come
blur church says can you give me a topic
for a three minutes special occasion
speech that is due tomorrow looks like
for a class well why not do Y on the the
pros and cons of decorating your house
in September when Halloween is in
October
Oscar acceptance speech this is like for
like a class something yeah
Oscar acceptance speech and then you
know what you can cut yourself off early
because you can pretend they're dragging
you off the stage just bring like a
little tape recorder that plays like a
music from whatever movie it is you
supposedly made and then just the middle
of your speech just hit play and then
keep going for a bit and then act like
you have to hurry I know I know I know
I know there's so many more people just
that bit alone it'll it'll go over like
gangbusters trust me bring in the tape
recorder and just hit the music every
way through it it'll go really
gangbusters for the class for the
teacher oh you can you can even win her
over but how clever it is sure oh that
was clever you'll get the points anyway
I like that it'll work trust me
what's the tape recorder any audio
record advice bitches nice EEMA says I
can't catch the streams often due to
time zone differences with France but
they're always a pleasure thanks for the
entertainment
enjoy the free money from Amazon we will
everyone's good you know well the tape
recorder and they're completely ignoring
how fucking clever the idea is
you did say tape-record do ask for your
soul off with music which is like the
Oscars that's the stereotype they cut
people off is it going to long it's a
great idea was basically you had this
box full of great ideas but then you
tripped and stumbled over the over a
tape recorder you stumbled on the new
tripped and stumbled over a tape
recorder you don't ignore the ad under
it for crying out loud
gold it's gold throwing you people gold
myself on the back number for 14 months
in a row
Diglett dead dude and G shaken 1224 31
fucking months in a row dare Cloyd the
AC Rupert Rupert's dog-boy wickless 435
fucking months in a row
Master poo 999 says your stream has
taught me something new about X come to
I don't know you I didn't know you could
expand the tabs to see more detail you
hack frauds are useful after all
yoshua so CA peeps 13 baby Slayer 156
435 fucking months in a row says been
recommending rlm to some of my friends
they said oh like screen junkies I said
they don't stoop to that level of shit
they are quality hack frauds thanks for
not being like the normal YouTube shit
you know
you know just discovered rlm recently
and it's slightly weird who's that my
brother Oh
just recently just recently and he's a
son of me messages on Facebook about
like you know what I like that
that's good it's really bizarre well
let's see now he's being supported I'm
sure sure which is bizarre I think he's
watching all the shit we did like years
ago now I'm sure that he's just going
through it right what's it with these
monkey man shorts they're great the
great man
what happened to your finger is it okay
why don't you tell me why didn't you
tell me man I haven't watched the next
episode yet but hmm
I think he watched the one after at
first he didn't see the setup okay he
just saw the episode where quietly my
finger was bandaged up and pulled it
down
that's great Jay kid oh aids for twenty
four fucking months in a row
Jay kid says has it really been two
years keep up the great work you hack
frauds uh was we're trying to read so I
was looking at the chat for saying
chicken misters stubby MIT is there
entity mister stubby that's that right
you did it tying 357 Joe snow Polly
clown have you guys done an all roof
XCOM stream yet know all roof all the
time until says hi hello booty smack
Iraq for twelve months in a row bore
nice Mac Iraq says it's my subscriptions
birthday thanks really yours
entertainment you guys are the tits all
right by my head booty smack react
sounded like they came from the U P like
someone who'd be up North Fargo a little
fire go little Minnesota like that
classic Midwestern accent and they ended
it with you guys are the tits and it
seemed to make a lot of sense to all you
guys your two tits
that's all they work Jack it's a I feel
pretty good about that David I know
people's hey guys my anniversary reset
but oh well what are you guys playing
injustice one thanks for the pancakes
oh yeah summer Belle Megaton 14 says hey
lmao that meant equi TLAs says anti cute
abominable scotsman that's a good name
it says everything if you played Advance
Wars looking forward to war grooving the
switch what looks like a similar
turn-based strategy picked up Mario +
rabbits after watching your stream
thanks you're welcome you're welcome
you're played Vance I'm not familiar
with advanced boys you're not at you've
never been a hand that really it's it's
like this turn-based ethical gray a
gameboy advance yes ah let's see here
the game panda grim it looks like grim
the grim panda sure that sounds like a
thing hmm fly attractor that says five
months of subbing still nothing clever
to say there's cleaver said cleaver
still looking no nothing cleaver to say
I thought that you capitalized it for a
reason I don't know why maybe just now
I'm gonna misspelled aware I'm gonna I
know he's gonna say clever but it's not
like I'm a clue it'll be capitalized I'd
like to cut to the chase but I've got
nothing cleaver to say
