Mar 8, 2017
The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/134177231
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/134179037
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O4qB4Y8Nw2I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-eoQiP95Flo
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/839594392679772174

[Part I]
so we're playing this two days in a row
we're playing this two days in a row you
know why cuz weather is a new game we're
gonna and you know what we got to play
it to review about it anyway so why not
play it on stream hey everybody welcome
I see a lot of people are already
talking about one to switch
why well here's the important thing to
note about one to switch for us it is no
longer a fifty dollar game it was a it
was a what you mean it's no longer a
fifty dollar yeah it was a fifteen
dollar game for us because I the very
next day Monday morning ah took my ass
to gamestop
because I didn't want to wait until
everyone realized that the game was
garbage and was trading it in I wondered
if negative word-of-mouth had caused
them to lower the price and real funding
not yet people you know because this
would end the well that's what I wanted
to I wanted to exchange it like I
couldn't not in good conscience could I
return it right but I I exchanged it
into into Game Stop and got some I got
some credit for it and I got thirty five
dollars worth of credit for it which is
insane so I mean the end and the guy the
guy behind the counter was asking me
about it like oh so soon this doesn't go
I was like this game is garbage sell
this as quickly as you can to get it out
of your store because this will be in
the five dollar bin within two weeks as
soon as everyone has a switch you know
one will want this game and you know
it's not like he would have lowered the
price because they just type it into a
computer but and then I started talking
to him about a switch launch game or
switch games I was like oh I'd like to
put this towards some switch games but
you know there's nine of them there's
nine switch games available right now
rich and and two of them two out of the
nine are shovelknight games yeah yeah
yeah I notice then what is the
difference
well one's the specter of shadow its the
specter night they saw that separately
like if you already bought shovel Knight
on PC you get you should get a free a
free dlc but apparently it's a whole new
game unlike the plague of shadows which
where you got the place plague night oh
wait I was thinking of that so they have
something different now yeah so so they
have regular shovel knight they had
plague of shadows which was basically
just re skinning shovel knight as the
plague Knight right but now there's
Specter player specter of shadows or
whatever their spectra night one and
apparently they've also like changed the
levels they reuse a lot of assets but so
two out of the nine games available for
the switch are shovel knights games
shovel knight and chevron ID specter of
torment right then you got you got Zelda
you got one two switch
you got snipper clips yeah what else do
have you have a racing game yeah yeah I
am said soon a which is a like a JRPG oh
shit there's Bomberman Bomberman and and
and you only want the available now ones
right what's what's available right now
well a few hours
I think Master Blaster is available but
oh I think that's a few are I think a
key knows that comes up in ninth there's
one more there's one more available
right now
who's a chat Bomberman snipper club
chant you gotta help us out here that's
not the Mario Kart one right no markers
not out yet it's the fucking it's the
wii u version
why was there a delay on Mario Kart
right right why is there a delay on
anything
Isaac was supposed to be a launch game
kind of dishonest shit is that right is
it just dance
oh god no Jan Just Dance 2017 which of
course you're not gonna remember because
it's just dance 2017 this this is an
incredibly weak lineup no it's not
because all they really need is Zelda no
but all they really need to sell the
system is OVA it's a great lineup it's a
fantastic ride him but Zelda's available
also on the arms of you right but you
can get him for pretty cheap you can get
a Wii U for pretty cheap right now and
the Wii U also has stuff like YouTube
and Netflix and then you won't be able
to play the new Mario game they
advertise right right right
Just Dance is 60 bucks yeah okay just
dances fuck you I'm sure some people
will enjoy it
I'm sure some people will have a great
time there's a cuckoo quest in this game
of course like there isn't in a lot of
Zelda games I'm one shy I've got I got
nine of the fucking tent cuckoos is
there anything like under that bridge in
the waters you know sometimes you go
you're gonna think we're gonna have
water cuckoos well like we're what if
that water path leads you you don't want
to drown it's so easy to drown in this
game it's not worth a cuckoo to drown
console launch lineups are usually
garbage nothing new here that's you know
maybe the thing that really bothers me
there it there just seems to be a lack
of forethought here like we talked about
this a little bit on Sunday where it's
like you have now a new mobile ready
device that does not have YouTube and
Netflix on it yeah it doesn't have a web
browser on it and and these are these
are things that people or at least that
I these are things that I would expect
with any major console release these
things are just normal streaming
services web browsers these are things
that I I think are now commonplace with
with gaming machines we're integrating
them all into one what are you what are
you waking her up for great you seen my
chicken grandma needs a nap grandma
needs a nap I stargazing because this
console needed more time in the oven
yeah you know maybe did you climb all
the trees is it in a tree how much time
I'm gonna spend looking for a fucking
chicken you got to look for the chicken
wrench I'm not gonna waste all day all
stream looking for chicken this could be
the greatest stream ever just finding
the chicken finding the chicken stream
but finding the chicken stream may be
the greatest letdown ever well no we it
can't end here's that here's the fun
thing it can't end until you find the
chicken what if you need to like get a
much further in the game to find the
chicken what the game was like on the
top of Hyrule Castle the chicken you
mean yeah the chicken is on the top of
Hyrule Castle I don't believe that no
one ever said the chickens were all in
the village that's what you would expect
from sidequest
maybe the they're messing with your
expectations jaga
is it up there before my help was that
was up there wait was it I just saw
something in the path Oh
yeah you know he had a brightly colored
shirt I thought he might have been a
chicken I've had him might have been a
chicken I think sushi
ah I'm going with she there's no way to
know there's no way to know rich yes I
don't know I know they have no software
ready for launch and there's tons of
hardware defects I know a lot of people
are complaining about screen there's a
little up there oh it's an arrow I think
a lot of people are complaining about
scratching local arrows scratching their
screens putting it back in the dock yeah
yeah I don't care about the handheld
aspects
stay in the back most of the time I
haven't I have no scratches on my screen
I will say I am though extra double
super careful every single time I put it
in my dock Oh for fuck's sake checking
out there where's that fucking chicken
you got to find the chicken Ridge I want
my fucking chicken Jack this isn't a
joke Jack I started horizon zero dawn
dawn zero horizon a few days ago I
highly suggest you do a stealth melee
heavy skill bill that makes taking out
the big machine so much easier see that
that's the thing that I love about it
though is that little back and forth the
the greatest thing that actually we
didn't notice as we were having our
horizon zero dawn conversation okay was
we were talking about I was saying like
oh the big fights are so frantic and
hectic yeah and I find myself just
making it out by the skin of my teeth
and you go no they're not hectic at all
they're there premeditated and they're
stealthy yeah and you know like you get
to do all the stuff and you know what
rich they're both they're both because I
play my way and you play your way and
that's good game design one of one of
the one of the someone on the dev team
of horizon zero dawn though
the person actually who is in charge of
robot dinosaure AI yeah saw our review
and really enjoyed that we enjoyed it
did they apologize that it's on the ps4
well there will be no mouse support oh
all he said was fighting big he quoted
us as saying fighting the the giant
beast battles is fucking phenomenal and
he goes that's all that matters it's
fucking phenomenal someone is saying if
someone is asking if you checked on the
roof of the clothing shop oh god damn it
you're spoiling the shit for me now
aren't you huh
I think they're helping I know you check
the roof that one specific room it
sounds sounds like they know something
no I guess it sounds like they know
something they might did you check in
PES roof as I see all these roofs here
right now I'm just looking I'm just
hanging out in these mountains dude dude
abuse them on time Yeah right
oh do you have controller anymore yeah
Oh interesting you know how I hate
aiming with an analog stick Jeff I dunno
yeah you could you find it easier to aim
with the controller ah using the
commotion controller you need a
combination of both you couldn't just
aim with this right interesting
hi from Norway but I'll do the
broad-strokes with an analog stick and
then I'll fine tune with the okay Vence
tree I got a $35 trade-in for one to
switch oh is that him where he's right
under the he's on the up there all right
there we go I don't think that's the
clothing shop but there is nice clothing
shop oh well there you go
I guess I guess thanks I learned at the
waist all stream with me looking for a
chicken well yeah it looked like you had
already given up anyway oh you were
right on the verge of Justin saying fuck
it's like that okay we got it we got the
chicken thank you where's the chicken
guide yeah where's my are you is that
him
I'm chases ass down I got your fucking
chickens
oh wait now you know mistaken identity
I'm sorry sir
all you highly else look alike you
people all look alike with me curry
curry Kiko Village People shag ohad says
something obviously in jest
yes mouse and keyboard aiming is
bullshit too easy takes all the
challenge out of the game I and I'm
going to hear that as a joke High Street
CEO hi welcome everybody welcome
everybody
oh great
LT LT Smash says I finally looked up
this mythical peepee poo-poo song
everybody is talking about God is that
the biggest regret of your life at this
point I still I'm okay with that video I
made a goofy video sure and I made a
goofy video and people are like people
go like do you know how goofy that is
it's like yeah it's goofy like do you
know how dumb it is yeah I made it dumb
Jack Jack no so goofy it is I know that
it's dumb and people like think that
that surprises me so anyway I the
mythical pee pee poop was something
everybody's talking about and came
across Jack's channel what a giant shit
show I don't mean that as an insult I
mean literally great stuff I don't think
glowing bunny rabbit I need to kill him
yes you do why did he give you
rubies what what
Oh hit him wait what's that what switch
what the fuck is dead
it's a glowing plant no look at that
yeah I know I'm on my way there Jack
it's not going anywhere
I didn't go back there shit imagine a
great fairy shrine near the village so I
want to check that out oh this is what I
found there are there appears to be
fairies can I talk to them oh you can
just catch them oh well that's what you
do with fairies hold them captive Jack's
biggest regret in life is buying one to
switch for a full price or I don't know
you know what rich and I did a community
service right right we played it so all
of you guys don't have to and if your
friends say hey I got a switch I'm
thinking about grabbing some games have
you heard anything about one to switch
you know what you can tell them you can
tell nope but a perfect dammit nope
so we did a community service oh I like
that the farce awakens are you guys
doing sales of the whole stream I
recommend adding a counter to the top
right of the stream showing how many
your weapons rich has broken through
normal use not many I have I've learned
to change my tactics up mm-hmm
I don't I don't rely on my swords I
don't rely on running and going yeah
yeah yeah yep yeah yeah they do break I
think far too easily and actually it
frustrates me I I have found myself just
because you're fairly weak in general
yeah yeah at least I am you know early
in the game as part of it but I've
avoided encounters mm-hmm yeah and when
there's been like a camp I really wanted
to take out to get that dead chest yeah
I've been doing smart things like
headshot arrow ruie throw bomb in there
detonate the bomb yeah oh wait no there
there by a flaming Beryl use a flaming
arrow I've been I've been doing of
things yeah yeah I'm with you I'm with
you I still think it's very frustrating
one of the most frustrating things for
me as far as like the weapons braking is
concerned is there's before you do yeah
yeah I'm I'm actually waiting
specifically for you to finish the the
problem is when you get a cool new
weapon it's never it's never oh yeah
moment it's a now I never want to use
this weapon cuz it'll break yes
so like getting the new weapon is a
chore instead of a reward well you can
look at the numbers - I mean well they
have different durability as I guess I
don't know here's the problem here's my
issue with the weapon thing yeah
they have a number associated with them
yeah but there's like two values
strength and durability right but they
don't give you a durability right they
don't they don't uh what do you say
quantify they don't quantified
durability yeah right yeah that's
irritating very irritating not only do I
wonder the base durability I want to
know how much durability is left on that
particular sword right here right all
you know is whether it has some it's
glowing red means it's about to or it's
broken
yeah like that those are the three
states of a weapon - about - and broken
about well ok normal and about normal
about - and broken well broken is just
non-existent well so the only two states
are normal and about to 0 is still a
number of rich no it's not yeah it's an
old man tie number well no zero is the
number in between positive and negative
numbers zero zero as a cap date of being
kept philosophic question is zero a
number or the absence of any numbers
zero is the number between 1 and
negative 1 number files has a video on
whether time zero is odd or even
let's yeah but zero as a philosophical
state of being yes is nothingness but
the number zero is a number yes
yes zeros a number zero is the horizon
zero is a number zero is a number zero
is a number thank you Jeff fuck's sake
Thank You Chet sometimes Jack is smart
I'm gonna hit a on this thing okay let's
watch I'm gonna regret this boy sweet
boy
please listen to my story oh yeah sure
sure I'll listen to the giant plant
story I am the great fairy co Terra
mmm this place was once a beautiful
spring but it's time past fewer and
fewer travelers arrived to offer me
rupees as a result my power has
abandoned me oh oh she's a fraud well
just fucking she's the the fairy
equivalent of a televangelist you didn't
have enough fight and give me money
rich what do we know about what do we
know about energy in the universe is as
you cannot create something from nothing
so she needed rupees to create
life-giving magic over I think this
proof once again money is stronger than
faith nearly powerless now so I beg your
health I need rupees rupees your money
we're gonna praise the old mother we're
gonna praise the old mother I'm sending
the word out so it's not the old mother
in this game what's the goddess forgot
it okay I need everyone everyone to dig
deep we're gonna give to the goddess
give me ten rupees and I swear the power
of healing will come back to you tenfold
it's gotta be a good televangelist mr.
Cohen mr. Kali
I could I could really really
rip people off for a living
waiting for that handout look at that
giant lady hand hand them over to me
quickly I want the thing yeah whatever
the thing is gonna be look at that look
here you go I'll keep my rupees here you
go did she smack me
no she just snatched okay
I thought she smacked me like another
sign hand comes out Mac slink around I'd
be great and be great oh the power of
money it's overflowing alright let's see
what the fairies look like Thanks
it's like the Ocarina of Time fairies
she looks great oh she's beautiful
oh what a feeling that first breath of
fresh air after an eternity of decay
it's just so intoxicating thanks to you
I've been returned to my former glory
girl yeah you is as I say one good turn
deserves another
I can help you boy shit girl allow me to
enhance your clothing I've been asleep
for a while I know I'm saying it's the
least I can do but I will need the
necessary materials Oh power availed me
you should be able to enhance your
clothing a little bit shake if you get
enhance isn't something more than that
I'm saying I was a sex joke well one
cannot have something I'm wearing oh you
can get defensive buffs all right all
right
with just boku blend horns oh that's a
sweet deal let me do my thing shit girl
you'd do it all you want
see there all the time I hope so I gotta
get out if I found an outfit I like I'm
gonna want to maximize that shit yeah
set bonuses clothes that have all been
enhanced twice could have a bonus only
if you wear the whole set and not all
sets have a bonus can you enhance your
hood again oh you need more materials
interesting you just sold a bunch of
forms to now I feel so stupid
Oh like you're gonna have a hard time
getting those horns back those things
those things are easy they're easier to
come by than fucking crickets you know
how hard it is to catch crickets in this
game rich that was not a joke crickets
are difficult to catch in this game this
game is full of giant women it's kind of
great it is kind of great I mean that's
great
that's you know what that is that this
is a fantasy adventure you run into a
giant hot lady this is great this is
exactly the kind of shit you need in
your Zelda game
all right let's see what we got here
let's see uh only child says hey guys I
wanted to thank Jack for recommending
both wool and the expanse both hooked me
right away and I've been recommending
them to other science fiction fans
thanks hey you're welcome only child
yeah those are my go-to as far as a good
sci-fi and I have his new book Hugh
Howey the guy who wrote wall has a new
book out and it's just been sitting
waiting for me to read it because we've
been busy you know
right playing games that's that's even
the same music another way lizard
Ketchum you don't need you can just go
up and grab them and maybe the fast
just kill you know it's in here oh boo
boo boo boo all right let's see here TC
LP nine nine nine says glad you guys
liked horizon zero dawn but how did you
not see that a boy's father figure
should have been called no instead of I
know I know I feel really dumb about
that now no but did you hear about that
roast how you say rust in German yeah
either way either way we should have
caught on we should have but you know
what we were just too busy I like I was
i rolling so hard at a lie that I
couldn't even hear his name lift your
head back up you fucking thing oh he's
got some durability though you can get
him or maybe not
nobody's gone man he's gone he said you
were looking for a torch earlier ya
couldn't find it torch I could not find
it what why did you need a torch
specifically no spoilers
really okay well it was part of it we
just wanted to start a fire like you
there's other ways to start fires yeah
okay okay yeah I've found some flint to
start fires have you found flint yet
yeah yeah actually I'm hoping to get
some now nice yeah I know there's other
ways to start fires but uh no there's a
specific quests that required me to have
a torch and I did not have one on me
because I'm so paranoid about not having
weapons for fights that I dropped all my
torches and so then I had to spend a
good maybe 15 minutes like walking
around the woods looking for a torch
eventually I found one by the way did
you find where to upgrade your storage
space for things no he was on the path
to this village I don't talk to people
well oh no and you know what I didn't
come to this village on the path okay I
came flying down from the Millican
Mountain let me help you
yeah see this and this road here to take
care we go village I remember exactly
where in that road but start from some
I'm sorry start from somewhere about
here just to be safe but he's probably
nowhere near that far kosher follow that
road you know this little little leafy
guys you find yeah there's a giant one
just standing on the road to the right
oh and those little nuts they're giving
you yeah you can trade them to him and
he'll let you upgrade oh that's great
either sword or shield or weapon that's
you let me do it twice before he
disappeared now I got to find him
somewhere else yeah yeah but I got to I
got to like sword slot upgrades out of
that I need that yeah and I have a bunch
of those nuts so go to that road great
oh that's great to know
yeah I've been I've been a free four
minute I've just been wandering and I
prefer I prefer like climbing a mountain
and then float
mmm the fairy music rich the fairy music
there are 900 seeds I'm not shocked
that's fucked that's great I'm not even
gonna try and find them all it's a
continuous pain in the ass no you can't
but
well I'm sure someone will I'm sure you
know what's the what's the under over
that someone already has found all of
them the game's been out for less than a
week dr. Joyce I have not I have not
been listening to any new music the very
first thing like when I was editing I've
been really digging when I edited this
last episode I've been strawberry girls
really helped me because it's you know
like fast paced and no vocals so that's
really helpful just to keep my momentum
going you can make it some up here right
sounds totally gonna be something here
you know what rich sometimes there's not
gotcha
the very first thing I did something I
cannot listen to while editing is the
hip hop that I like because it's just
too verbose I think the question that is
why do you like hip hop
what do you mean well I can't listen to
it while I'm editing because it's you
and me talking so then I have to listen
to you and me talking and then I have to
hear them talking in the back I was
insulting hip hop that's yeah and I'm
not taking your insult because it's I'm
not taking your insult of hip hop so
yeah because I really enjoy hip hop why
Wow it's like poetry it's like poetry
with a beat it's like poetry that they
stick somebody else's music up right you
know nothing about hip-hop so we're
gonna stop you're gonna stop talking
about it
so the what I heard the first thing I
listen to right after I was done editing
the horizon zero dawn episode was run
the jewels both one two and three
because they're fucking great albums and
I just blasted them while uploading to
YouTube but more importantly link I can
hear the sound of cuckoo flapping is
talking like trouble in soso village
distressing what he says more
importantly yeah yes I found you I found
your cuoco what do I get
what do I get do I get jack shit I'm
gonna guess I can check yep Altimas are
bad rappers sample songs there are very
good producers that make their own beats
50 rupees for five apples I'm gonna find
five apples well before I find your 10
fucking cuckoo I'm gonna I'd bomb your
chickens but I know what happens when
you would check the tank chickens oh
yeah what is rich here's what you do
here's what you do to piss them off go
into the into the nest just take a
couple those chickens throw them out how
about you give me another 50 bucks and
I'll put your chickens back in yeah just
throw a couple out yeah Alan oh and
guess what
boom not in the nest anymore oh I'm
sorry fifty rupees are you looking at
this yeah you look at this yeah I'm
sorry did you not know I'm the fucking
hero of the land and I helped your ass
out with these cuccos what do I look
like to you an illegal day laborer did
you find me at Home Depot did you find
me at the Home Depot parking lot sir
sir gotta get there
there's your goddamn chicken sir good
day a good day
God Father yes rich put an apple in the
middle thing that's great
see if I get to that one shrine where's
my horse where's my horse
where is my horse
he not run through town for chicken I'm
gonna kill them oh okay yeah you know
the other thing and it's just it's a pet
peeve of mine just in general with
comments you know rich made a specific
comment on one of the best of the worst
for the other just you know if you see
someone has already made the comment you
are thinking about typing in the YouTube
coming then you know you you thumbs up
that comment yeah yeah as a
representation of yours but all of the
like like the what was that movie the
the move the Battle of beyond the stars
yeah the entire comment was people
saying that just thumb up the one and
then that one goes to the top so it's
easier for us to see instead of
everybody's family I wasn't even talking
about the like is this replacing Shen it
wasn't even referring to that right no
and so uh a very popular thing to point
out for the horizon zero dawn episode is
that the ps4 supports mouse and keyboard
yeah
which is true the only problem is
horizon zero dawn does not support mouse
and keyboard people are talking about
like third-party adapters which aside I
know very little about I have to look
into this yeah I don't know that I trust
them it seems like it would be done in a
half assed manner because it is
certainly not officially supported and
then you spend a hundred and thirty
thirty dollars to get one of these
things and let's say Sony decides now
gives the multiplayer we don't want the
sported and they brick it they do
something to the firmware and they break
it but a blizzard has already like
publicly stated that they don't like
them because it gives people what they
consider an unfair
I want to play a single-player game with
a fucking Mouse well and and oh it's the
most frustrating thing in the world
there's there's also like a big concern
of so what they do is they they find a
way to map of what the analog stick
would do to the mouse and so there are
big concerns on whether or not like the
accuracy is there the speed is there
right you have to really fuss with it
and it's a hundred and thirty dollars
right I would rather just play a game
that comes out on PC that I enjoy
exactly and so like but everybody in the
comments and it's just like your point
is moot one you know if you're making a
point just about mouse keyboard it's not
supported if you're making a point about
buying a hundred and thirty dollar thing
no that's dumb that's dumb no more film
that episode we had a minor discussion
about bringing up the mouse thing he
said you you told me you bring that up a
lot rich like no I'm gonna bring that up
I and and that's the thing I I think I
said that before before we film it's
like you know I know you want to talk
about the mouse thing but you talked
about the most thing a lot where's the
thing yeah it's important and that's why
I left it in the episode for one I know
it's important to you I'm gonna talk
about it yeah until they fucking let you
natively use this shit on a fucking
console that's what I'll fuckin stop
talking about it for another thing for
for all of the people like bitching
about you keep talking about that uh you
just learned use the controller's just
as good there were also a lot of people
who like yeah I'm glad I know that there
are a lot of people agreeing with me so
I'm glad because that's something you
wouldn't open you look at horizon zero
dawn you might not think how about how
important aiming is gonna be in a game
like thank you you think a mouse and
shooters guns right you see a game when
you're running around in the woods you
might not think that you know uses maybe
as a straight-up auto targeting that
goes right to the week's points you know
you may not know right and if you're a
mouse person that's it very much does
detract from the enjoyment and it was
important to bring up we live in an age
where people have multiple gaming
systems they have gaming PC's and it's a
valid argument that's why I left it in
the episode and rich brings it up all
the time not everyone watches every
single video and so if there's a valid
argument
about a game that we've made it firm for
another game we're going to make it for
that game because that might be
someone's first episode so yeah never go
climbing without a stamina potion it's
just it's just it's just bad form
I see you've you've upgraded your hearts
twice and not you're saying yeah yeah
you know why why because you just need
some shrooms and your stamina back
things kill you easily I've decided that
hearts are more important cuz I can say
I'm gonna go I'm gonna go cook some of
those stamina shrooms yeah and like from
halfway up a mountain when I'm running
out of stamina I just pop one of those
I'm good I've upgraded my stamina twice
and my heart's only once and I like
having the extra stamina yeah it's
trade-off that I'm making yes it's my
strategize everybody has different
leftover beefcake has a comment says I
didn't really care about the game I was
marveling at that awesome couch with the
nice armors great couch
we had some lighting issues I did see
some people in the comments what do you
what do you what do you need now thanks
goddaughter wonder about why it was lit
so funniness this is very dramatic
lighting for a conversation about
horizon zero dawn it's it was dramatic
because I messed up in the wide shot the
light on rich was the light on Rich's
face specifically was incredibly bright
and the way in which I had to mess with
that to make it look halfway decent and
I think it looks halfway decent my job
is to adjust the lights for the other
one for the other shots to to make it
I'll match and so that's why the the
lighting looks so harsh obviously we're
still figuring out with the new shooting
location in here we're still figuring
out lighting and stuff but we're getting
we're getting somewhere rich with our
lighting we're getting somewhere
salt grilled steak oh that stores almost
nothing more
that was bad advice I got to add rock
salt to Rami it's terrible
why did it that it's not worth it at all
what did you get I get this two hearts
well what's the five hearts no no what's
that five mean there's a tiny little
five on one of those hearts wait oh
because I used five ingredients and
something cuz I used five well no I
didn't use find of anything I didn't use
five or more things in general yeah but
what does that find me in that I'm
something he's buying a we you for this
worth it depends on how much you like
the game at this point
and what else what else do you get with
the Wii U you get Mario maker which
isn't terrible you got you get Mario
maker I don't want to I didn't want to
try and cook a fairy you got I'm not
that heartless I'm not that heartless I
can't do it coughing I'm not cooking the
fairy what does it say on it cook the
fairy oh no no that's that's an instant
death health refill I'm not cooking that
no I'm not cooking the fairy look I'm
not cooking the fairy I'm cooking the
and cook a fairy
I need to let you know that I'm going to
cook it I think you know what that
thing's gonna have the minute you take
it out the powers gonna fly away from so
this thing's gonna happen and that's why
I don't want to do it that's a good item
to have and I don't want to fucking
wasted well the fairies if they work
like they work in other games is also
like a self revive right yeah where if
you die the fairy I'm zooming yeah
Oh what I used too many what are you
alright
yeah well okay so if you buy with you
you get you get this you get your all
the Nintendo's you getting your Mario
Kart you get your Super Smash Brothers
you get Super Mario maker you get all of
these side-scrolling Mario's yes to new
super mario brothers you the the Super
Mario 3d Land there there's a lot of
games and a lot of them are probably
fairly inexpensive at this point if you
buy used for what it's worth I'm really
enjoying this but combat wise yeah
nothing like your neurology because the
weapon breaking it changes a lot the
weapon breaking it really it really it
really changes a lot and it makes combat
I feel more stressful than I would like
okay by the way what was raining I could
not climb these cliffs
oh I know that I thought it was oh I
guess they're trying to wall you off or
something no it was just the rain it's
because rain makes things slippery
that's kind of neat yeah oh yeah
Bayonetta 2 Pikmin 3 Xenoblade if you're
into that the new Luigi game what I've
heard this actually might run better on
the Wii U it does the benchmarks say
that it runs more it runs that it's
fucking sad it runs smoother on the Wii
U that is fucking sad yeah I know
oh also like if if you're a fan like if
you don't have the binding of issac yet
by any of isaacs on that were you like
there's a there's a ton of games like
the shovel knight games if i'm i don't
know if you have like a pc or whatnot i
don't know where you're coming from as a
gamer i can only presume you're not
talking to me right now
no no whoever asked whoever asked the
question about buying a Wii U at this
point oh yeah so now that it's raining
rich won't be able to climb on many
things
here let's try let's try great I got
stuck on a rock ones for like an hour
Oh coz it was raining cuz I was mountain
climbing and it was terrible just rained
like in game hour you know so that it
was just like five minutes but yeah just
for five minutes I had to just sit in a
rock you could have teleported somewhere
oh of course but I was on oh I was on a
mission can you climb words Green nope
nope slippery the wild horses wild
horses you already have a horse yeah I
got a shitty horse though what's the
shitty horse
there's them all they have ratings they
have stars and what do they I talked to
somebody about horses at like a stable
and horses that are one color harder to
tame but there you fucking skeleton you
scared off my oars they're fucking gone
man
they're fucking gone I'll catch up let's
just go nobody cares bongos yeah do we
want black for browner fastest I have
I've got this is the thing there's like
I'm saying how do you tame horses okay I
mean all right let's see here Indian
Valley line says what are your hopes
well it's God ready Oh Waylon oh you got
some bad guys on horses yeah no that's
all right they don't see it
instead of them Indian Valley line says
what are your hopes for from softs next
game assuming it isn't a Dark Souls or
blood-borne sequel I hope it's
blood-borne - what do you mean well they
may we know the game they make what do
you mean what are my hopes for it
Fred from from soft makes exactly one
kind of game the souls born game if they
came out with like a cutesy
side-scrolling platformer I would be a
little concerned about that well they
made 3d Dot Heroes and that's actually
really good
oh did they yeah that's a homage to the
classic siren I remember I remember I
wasn't particularly into it that stream
well I love that game I know you do I
know you do here here's what I hope from
softs does whatever the fuck they want
they they've they've earned enough clout
as far as I'm concerned with the souls
Bourne series let them do what they do
that's gallant and scared off my horses
Jack oh is that him over there there's
that yeah well maybe you can steal his
horse I don't want to steal this horse I
want to tame one he's got the same kind
I had oh sorry I'm sorry rich
you're boning your buh-buh-buh-buh-buh
your boat your boku bow broke just in
time I got another one
hey that's a goat that wasn't a horse
nope yep got him while he was in motion
- that was pretty sweet
you little fucker get your ass back here
where are you going now he's looking for
you again what nice Dodge Ridge nice
who is that a horse is that your horse
is that the brown horse that's it him
that's him or the black horse let's see
here Sara Jenn Oh actually you know what
you know I was thinking of just as I was
saying like from software has has earned
the the club to do whatever they want as
far as I'm concerned you know who has
not earned the column to do whatever he
wanted he's a Dean Hall the man who
created and then abandoned Daisy oh yeah
yeah do you remember you might not
remember that I never I was never
interested but I remember hearing about
it well at Microsoft's e3 he announced
his new game a giant space mm oh yeah
why would anybody give him any kind of
her who's the bad one who was the ones
that were like with the Russian one
there was a daisy knockoff I think is
the one I'm thinking of oh yeah yeah
Daisy I'm just I was never that
interested to begin with I never played
it right right but there was a daisy
knockoff like a Russian knockoff
that was just a flat-out scam right
that's what I'm thinking up so I take
that
oh no this is the guy like I don't even
know if Daisy has officially come out
yet or if it's still technically in in
early access yeah did it oh you know
what I like the gray I like that that's
a nice-looking horse they got their rich
alright I gotta go find a saddle for in
the shit okay
no shit on no not up the mountain rich
well he's a stupid horse
Oh Oh God did he die oh no your horse is
dead Plan B he was a fourth you as a
fourth stock was was and you know what
he was living it he was living his
peaceful life he was just frolicking in
the grass and then the second you jumped
on him to get involved in his life he
gets caught in the crossfire heat you
Jason taught at him
I am yeah way to go way to go look I'm
alive and that's all I care about the
stupid horse tried to run up a mountain
horses you you need the more time you
spend with a horse
the more they listen to you well I had
fun for seconds I'm explaining that too
I'm explaining that's people who watched
horse training is a thing they want you
to like bond there they're not like
Epona was in the old game right
it doesn't just listen to you no matter
what they can they can be a little bit
finicky alright you got more fairies for
me adapt stir 1-1 3-8
yes this game does have a plot and a
purpose but like any open-world game you
can choose to ignore it if you want
there's a million sidequest there's
mountains to climb
there are things to do but in general
yes
calamity Ganon which i think is a great
I think it's dumb the name is no I like
calamity Ganon calamity Ganon
sounds like a wrestler call it the Ganon
calamity I'm done with that but calamity
Gannon mana MIDI just sounds stupid I
like it
calamity Ganon has returned and and
you're the hero and it's it's the same
shit that's in every self again
but with the little twist of this one
cook the fairy rich cook the fairy know
that very save my life oh it did save
your life
I'm keeping the fairies you know what
guys don't worry I'm gonna go home I'm
gonna hit a little record on my record
amateur on and I'm gonna see if you can
cook a fish just gonna fly away you know
it's just gonna fly away it's a waste of
time what if it does what if the fairy
yells at you and no one has ever thought
to cook a fairy then none of the fairies
ever heal you again you try to cook it
oh I'll save right before him and if the
fairy yells at me I will revert I'll
save scumming
you know what I'm gonna try to do
tonight tonight yeah I'm gonna try and
save scum my way to a classic Twilight
Princess Zelda outfit with the amiibo
I'm gonna save scum that shit okay is
that I feel like rolling the dice once a
day for the next month oh I just shout
out a bomb in the air I didn't even know
you can do that I want to cause a
calamity in the village a climate
againin
that doesn't seem or viewers are digging
the game too hard for the framerate
issue I know it chugs everyone will take
console game what do you want also also
it's a console game which means at max
you're going at 30 frames a second don't
kill a goat you go for the head shot but
he's got horns me I know I think I think
I missed the head I think you hit the
neck which why isn't he dropping dead he
should run a bit and drop dead I know
how this works I know my goats think
that what like if it's just like a real
go you want to hit him here in the rib
cage well but it's not it's a video game
oh we heard the boat I think it's fine
we're gonna find that doesn't seem too
bad but it's noticeable in streams
I've watched no big you know I kind of
notice it a little bit here and there
when I play uh-huh but it hasn't really
detracted from the game much you know
what every once in a while for me like
every once in a while like some some of
the later trials are look if they would
just stop making their own hardware yeah
I'm not kidding I'm not I'm laughing
because I agree oh wait is that another
one that's not great that one's kind of
gray up there what do I want gray or
black you don't want that that like
light brown one you know no I've got one
of those they're dumb but there there
have been some fights that I have
definitely noticed the chug of the
framerate drop doesn't the question is
does it matter overall and the answer is
No
let's show on black or gray black black
night stallion
okay so different though well what's the
gray one
come on the right now that's light brown
oh that's great no you want that one up
front that like that like dark grey blue
one look at that one the leader no I
don't want the leader I can't get it the
leader without the other ones getting
startled and I'll never get to him
see he's be just Brown Oh in the end
beer monsters has always been on black
Ridge does that black one has a have an
adorable white face - oh it does then
fucking ride him fucking ride him so
when you when you jump on him you just
slap owl I was I was having a hard time
taming horses at first cuz I was trying
to hold down L but you got out you got a
spam you got family okay great it's not
sued it's basically gonna slap the horse
now we got to avoid the thing that
shoots lasers which apparently is around
here somewhere
yeah what I'm gonna stop I'm gonna have
a mini red you're gonna have a mini Rams
go they have always fucking done it why
the fuck does Nintendo put the B button
ahead of the a button
why why why does Nintendo function in
reverse alphabetical order why I agree
every time they say hit a I hit the
button that should be a that is B it's
it's a on the Xbox
oh that's the convert the bottom button
is the confirm button on on PlayStation
yeah it's the worst
it's the dumbest it's not the worst it's
the dumbest some some controller
uniformity standards would be not would
be nice would be appreciated you know
like when you go did you get death
bought behind us you did you get him
stuck yeah yeah you just got stuck in a
little ramp get off the rim oh he's a
nice boy that's a good-looking horse
rich you got there that's a good-looking
horse he's no gray
are you kidding it's better than gray
look at him he's black with the white
nose that's adorable you could call him
socks I can call him I want to avoid
that death robot that I know was round
the bend yeah that's a good name that's
a good name that's a good name sorry Jen
says playing Zelda while watching
someone play Zelda good stuff got gonna
get Master Sword and tried to not burn
up in Death Mountain I just arrived
is this Rich's switch on now yes yes let
that shrine go or not take a horse there
I run the red blip on my map are there
brother BOTS it's one of the ones I
marked what's up there whoa horsey
oh it's up there now well they go well
there you go rich maybe I don't need
that let's see here guys says dab stir
1-1 3-8 I love VR what's your opinion on
psvr oculus vibe I wouldn't do psvr I'll
do PC VR I'm not gonna play it on the
fucking PlayStation that seems weird it
seems like it's an underpowered for VR
yeah I'm still not sold I'm not I'm not
planning on getting a VR anytime soon I
don't think they have the apps yet they
don't have the they don't have the thing
that's gonna sell me where is that death
pot now I'm worried about the death box
you should be worried about that they
should of course I'm worried about death
pot they don't they don't have anything
that screams yes this this has some this
could have purpose in my life
VR I'm not sold on the whole immersion
aspect of it I'm worried about the lack
of tactile sensations with things that's
gonna be that's the big hurdle that they
have not solved and I don't think they
have any plans to solve it and I know
recently
- fuck it huh let's see if the horse
comes with the horse will not come with
nope there's a perfectly good horse
there rich yeah well it was gonna be
dead in a second I can't beat that thing
that's like a mini-boss bite at this
point yeah that's true there was no
there was no tree to get behind right
yeah yeah there were no there was
nothing to get behind I'm not I'm not I
I'm not sold on it VR and I know a bunch
of people aren't sold on it because very
recently was it oculus they had they had
oculus oculus kiosks set up at Best
Buy's across the country yeah and very
recently hundreds of them were pulled
because I just don't think the interest
is there nothing yet has sold me but as
VR it's the future you have to love it
because it's VR it's the few gr has been
the future since why don't you you're
off a person for not being interested in
this technology that's got a long way to
go before it's worth it right you're a
monster why are you a monster
stop being a monster there's a lot of
reasons in any case controller aiming is
just as good as Mouse aiming
mm-hmm I sure would like an HD TV jammed
into my eyeballs you know like I'm not
saying it won't ever be there I'm saying
right now I'm not sold as someone who
has something on his face all day I know
that wearing something on your face for
a long period can get uncomfortable also
as someone with glasses I need to put a
VR goggles over my glasses you know what
that's gonna pinch yeah
not gonna feel great for me you will
need the prescription VR goggles making
an extra headache exactly exactly and
prescriptions change over time because
your eyes get worse and worse so I'm not
I'm not super psyched about VR
bulletproof oh sorry
but Cooper out of the butt says hey guys
I got a job so now I can afford to spam
all the shit memes because I'm too
creatively bankrupt lazy to write my own
material
hashtag hack frauds hashtag 12 years to
make hashtag shoe shack meat hashtag is
replacing blank hashtag poop well thank
you but poop pooper out of the butt we
appreciate it we appreciate all the
spamming of all the the spiciest memes
whoa my dear for you this time that goat
was it well you shot at him twice now
rich the goat remembers he's gonna hit
me from behind his name all right let's
see here Jack Lamont says great job on
the Resident Evil stream guys I am also
a mouse guy and agree with you
wholeheartedly PS I also find shrooms
restore my stamina Oh
where's the monster there it is look at
it look at it yeah just waiting now you
can glide even glide away from him glide
into the trees and then climb up the
hill or can I glide up to that platform
there uh he will see you flying into the
trees man or even just a you know around
the rocks
I told looking away that platform yeah
but he would have seen you up there and
shut your ass see you lucky it's easy
right there
nice nice dodge I don't think he's
coming down heavy is no the the
threatening piano music one way the
threatening bomb the horse killer oh
shit Wow nice dodge nice Dodge oh shit
there's more than one alright well this
plan is full bar I think we're gonna not
fuck around with this until I learn how
to deal with those monsters I think that
is the proper strategy to take at this
moment in my life if that's what you
feel you need to do rich wasting all my
damn fairies you fuck yep yep you're Bob
wasted them all
sir Chen says tips with a tip oh the
little number by the heart yeah is a
group so that when you cooked that steak
with the rock salt that was six hearts
not too okay so seven even cuz that was
five and all makes five so that was five
hearts plus one is six okay also it's
good to cook meals that add extra a
temporary stamina to yeah yeah oh yeah
I've been having a lot of fun
I was recently in some of the snowy
mountains yeah so it cooked up a bunch
of heat potions and like oh yeah it's
it's fun oh I was actually mentioning
this to rich earlier something I really
want badly in game is quests to find
recipe pages of course I could go online
like I could go online and find any
recipe for anything I want right but
that's not that's not in-game yeah and
if you make something it's not fun right
if you make something in-game it tells
you what the recipe is for it but I want
like to know what I'm cooking before I
waste okay you know in game that would
be great and maybe there is and I just
haven't come across it yet obviously I
haven't come across a bunch of stuff but
it defined more fairies
that's what I need yep yep get a boo
boom
anonymous says can you eat fairies in
this game ah I always wanted to know
what I'd be like to eat a fairy
we don't know cuz rich the fairies that
keep saving my life I will cook the
fairies when I get home I won't grab a
fairy and I will fucking cook it what
that mushroom over there I don't know
patience nope I didn't explore up here
and so I know I'm well that's your fault
yeah we're not exploring up here not my
fault you not exploring so you have to
explore I don't know but it's gonna turn
into a monster and kill me I know that
probably I need a ball they just shove a
ball in there that would help do you
know where there's a ball I don't know
where there's a ball I know where
there's a ball well in impass house
interesting inside inputs house
interesting wait what happens if you go
in the hole like what if it was actually
like a thing where they would wait
activated and that's what did it there's
a ball in his house so I can't climb
with the ball in my hands I got to find
a way up here oh yeah
well it wasn't that by the fairy all
right but I didn't I climb a little hill
to get up here no the the fairies are
super fairy there's a path from the very
first round here
yeah there's the path all right that
works that works right okay
little give a little take Jack all right
I'm I'm fine with that
hey guys says dish disuse Viktor love
the stream you should check free indie
game called wandering souls it's a beat
him up but not a button masher lots of
em enemy varieties and a focus on
anticipating / dodging attacks of
wandering the souls okay yep
did you fly a chicken down yeah Jack you
were brilliant
I remembered the ball I saw the ball
they're like oh that's really weird that
imp has got a ball in her house right
heirloom has been guarded by tribest
that you not touch it even for an
esteemed guest such as yourself use your
magnet on it do it Impa I'm the fucking
hero
can I can I have the thing can I please
have the thing
and you know what maybe Impa dies later
than you can hand the ball Hema is dead
I can take this ball now get a hundred
rupees for putting it in the thing I'm
sure I don't know oh what a letdown I
know exactly what to do with it
yep yep like I know exactly what to do
with this thing Impa don't you get
there's a thing up there now maybe I
could get rupees or I don't know a
weapon or something Impa killjoy I isn't
your whole purpose in this world to aid
the quest of the hero well my quest is
to put the ball on the thing it's all we
got to do come on oh we gotta throw we
just gotta put the ball two things ever
the program this is your job to help me
god damn bitch Impa oh she's some nice
clothes this time oh that's nice now
let's see here Titans head says late to
the stream have you both seen Logan it's
the best x-men comic book movie film
ever made and quite possibly the best
modern Western since fury road I have
not yet rich I just don't give a shit
about Wolverine he doesn't care about
x-men rich doesn't care about x-men I
will I'm planning a night I might see it
cuz people tell me it's a good movie but
yeah I want to see it I just haven't got
around to it cuz I've been busy what
she's up here right who the very ya know
the path is that way get your bearings I
don't have my bearings I got killed by a
thing three times fortunately I had
fairy with me you know get him the only
three deaths Jack really yeah nice I've
died a lot
I died some early on when I was just
getting a feel for the game sure but
when I sat down to do it focus Jack got
a plan okay I had a plan it was to focus
on survival I think that's fair
I mean I've I've enjoyed it I've enjoyed
my survival focus good good I've been
fucking around a lot I fall off
mountains a lot which is fine which is
fine a bad news everyone says hi guys
what would be the best advice for
surviving normal hard mode on FTL uh you
need that scrap you need to upgrade your
ship young and and you know it's always
some some of it's the dice roll so it's
it's all about those sweet sweet weapon
combinations figure out what weapons
will get their shields down so you can
wreck them you can never rely on a
missile weapon as your primary weapon
right also get a good feel for
teleporters that was my very first win
yeah was after I was talking to rich
about teleporters and he's like it gotta
go teleporters and I said oh I don't
like teleporters that seems like a waste
of resources telefono they're over power
teleporters are the key to everything
you get if you take over a ship by
killing the crew with your teleport or
anything any means of killing the crew
yeah easiest with the teleporters if you
think without destroying it you get more
resources yeah and more resources more
upgrades more weapons to buy a shop so
get yourself a teleporter you need to
find a good weapon to build around
weapons that you need weapons that go
well together yeah yeah and some of
that's just trial and error like you
figure you putting weapons together
seeing if the combinations work like if
you've got a beam weapon and missiles
that's useless
right cuz you need to take down the
shields to use the beam weapon and the
missiles just go right through the
shield they don't knock it dumb right
right so you know something like lasers
and flak cannons can you know rip apart
their shields and then the lasers can
pinpoint rooms target at least early on
before you have to start worrying about
their shields too much target their
weapons yep the less damage they're able
to do
the better you can do it we believe in
you all right so this point I'm just
heading towards the main quest thing
okay robots have foiled my plans to go
to that one shrine sure
utterly foiled so we're just doing this
I couldn't get my horsey to go through
the village you're giving up bridge
I couldn't yeah no no I couldn't I
couldn't beat the things you gotta come
back later when you're stronger it's the
name of the game I need a kick-ass sword
I need some kind of armor that isn't
shit that's fine that's maybe more than
one good shield I've got one good shield
and I don't want to waste it on
something that isn't like an actual boss
fight right the same one you found
either that's another one of those
interesting I didn't come across him I
wonder what's on he's belly again little
trinkets and what do you know of subsets
subset games next release
I showed rich the trailer and that's all
I know and you know that's all we all
know as we saw the trailer it looks
interesting we know they can make a good
game let's see if they can make two good
games it's very very possible that it
was a fluke lightning in a bottle yep we
will we will see and what did Rich think
of Star Trek beyond loved it it was nice
seeing it was nice actually seeing Kirk
in new Trek yes
not not horndog man Mick takes
unnecessary risks but actual Kirk yes
yeah p.m. was great dan was a great Star
Trek movie there's a lot of fun
nice sci-fi adventure
vn was a lot of fun rich yeah says true
man surely when faced with artsy-fartsy
people do you tend to tell them to fuck
off to their face or bite your tongue
and laugh about it later
I'm not frequently encountered with them
I'll probably sky and then walk away and
do something else
a claymore oh that's nice traveler sword
I have two broadsword have anything I
don't want thinking probably good well
you know what I'm gonna get rid of way
that's soldier got a traveller's
broadsword travels broadsword sucks I
think I'm good yeah yeah anything else
do you have anything that's like super
cool
we know how to do this actually I'm not
sure if you take his stuff I don't know
if he goes back to sleep oh he does okay
great
also thanks for the great content to
both of you well thank you anonymous
says did you guys know that Phoenix
Wright was in MVC three I would say I'm
not shocked
what's the MC Marvel vs. Capcom 3 oh
that sounds great
holy hell is he hard to play but I'm
practicing to destroy you with him also
will you be letting viewers play matches
with you when you stream oh sure I mean
you'll murder us I'm sure oh yeah I'm
not I'm not a good fighting game guy I'm
terrible at them yeah why not oh why not
will there be Logan torial spoiler talk
not today baby yeah la la because we
haven't seen it so they can make some
shit up please so you know try to
refrain from it's still pretty new
shrine nearby how do you know you're
right is there a direction thing I don't
know there's no Direction thing when you
are walking in the right direction and
it has the C's now if you go a little
bit to the right there's more lines
around the circle now walk in that
direction
Oh Skellington see you do you see now
like no it's really so it's the
direction you're walking and you have to
be walking but Helen I got ya I got shit
to do it's not just standing you have to
be walking
nice that's new oh you know what table
in the gnome yeah this games pretty fun
this games pretty fun I'm enjoying
myself so far though it did I was
explaining to rich earlier it did take
me a long time to change gears from
horizon zero dawn because there there
there they share many similarities but
tonally they're very different and so
coming from the like a more
action-oriented game and this is more
atmospheric and sneaky and you're very
weak all the time and it's just about
exploring now that I'm in that mindset
I'm having a good time
oh there you go now you're ding-a-lingin
look at that big thing in the wall say
like a big big building that looks like
um ruins ruins yeah no I was thinking of
a Last Crusade you know the big city in
the wall it's down under here oh wait
wait stay up there and just walk around
for a bit
it might be over on the waterfalls oh
it's not that way Oh
it's it's to your right that wish so
might be on top of the waterfall I don't
have a fucking hope not
you never know Lynx table is ready
oh no now that's exactly what I'm gonna
think of why I Oh No
no it's not up here why are you saying
and I a not heading in the right
direction
it's not beeping convenient she'd be
closer on the other side that hill
we
what is my preferred way of playing the
switch so far plugged into the TV with
the pro controller as as I think rich
and I discussed whoa sunday the the
switch is not a $300 console it is a
three hundred and seventy dollar console
because you need the pro controller or
else your hands will fall off is it
so especially this I do you know every
once in a while like if I have to you
know go run an errand like you know I
got kids and they got like activities
and shit so often times I find myself
like trapped in a location twiddling my
thumbs for a half an hour so I've taken
it with me there and I've played it for
short bursts using the attached joi cons
you know obviously to the bathroom it's
got to go to the bathroom but where did
I get the light blue shirt with the tree
in the sunset I don't remember it has
the Wisconsin it has a Wisconsin outline
in it though yeah nice so like just look
for Wisconsin t-shirts I I forget I've
tweeted it before but who knows so my
preferred way to play is on the TV I
know rich only plays it on the TV
have you played a very little very
little do it a little bit just to get a
feel yeah for handheld but it's it's
really tough because like you know rich
and I are the hopes is you know we do
one episode just themselves up and one
episode just on the switch but really
all we're getting so far is like one
game because it doesn't have a lot of
game
you know so we'll see we knew that we
knew that we can't complain about that
we knew that there were more there were
more launch titles they canceled or they
moved back some launch titles
I love the square bombs just that is so
smart because they knew people were
gonna have trouble yeah yeah absolutely
absolutely
let's see here
Shamu my label says hey boys any chance
for a stream of the new Styx game
it's co-op and very thief hitman esque I
think you two will love it the first
game is worth playing as well I've never
even heard of it sticks it's a franchise
it's a whole it's a whole series that
will add it to the list Styx anonymous
says horizon or Zelda well aim gives it
the Zelda easily but even with even
without that I'm not sure they did
similar but different things its
horizons much more of an action game yes
then this is yeah this is totally the
focus is solidly on exploration this is
more Zen meditation than anything this
is this is more this is camping if
you've ever been camping this is the
game three boxes it's it's very it's
very actually it was it was tough
because we played horizon you know two
days ago it was tough for you I'd handle
it I could handle wait wait show me your
powers what oh that's an amiibo oh okay
I was like what do you have that I don't
have yeah it was tough for me switching
from Horizon to Zelda alright but it's
it's two takes on the same theme and so
what do you want do you want more
action-oriented
or do you want more fantasy adventure
what do we do we action sci-fi fantasy
adventure that's your choice so far both
that do what they are trying to
accomplish very well is what I will say
let's see here Anana says I feel that I
feel the world not to mention the art
and sound design and horizon alone are
far superior to Zelda any thoughts and
Zelda's atrocious and goofy battle music
it makes sense first thing I notice with
this world first for the first footage I
saw it wasn't didn't have anything to do
it music it was that same old Bo Bob
Clinton animation and design for like
the last three Zelda games it's the same
one that used in Wind Waker they
recycled it for Twilight Princess I
don't remember if it was in a Skyward
Sword or not but it's in this one they
the same basic character model and
animations yeah yeah yeah actually I've
been kind of enjoying the minimalists
soundtrack every once in a while you'll
just hear some light piano flutters I I
tend to listen to other things when I
game that's crazy to me it's crazy to me
so I've been I haven't thought about the
soundtrack very much at all what is the
purpose of this platform I guess this
goes higher once the weight has been
added to I am
yeah this reason is the metallic boxes
oh yeah yeah ah yeah
Dario when I play spelunky I only listen
to music yeah well yes but one key you
don't necessarily need the well nobody
nobody talks in this you don't need the
score you know what sometimes when when
I when baddies sneak up on you the score
is really nice because all sudden you
hear the action music starting and you
look around frantically shit where's the
bad guy Betty sneak up on you huh you've
had you're doing it backward you've had
the lobster sneak up on you eight times
this stream I didn't sneak up on me
it's an early warning system for bad
guys
pork sub yes we we do we both are
interested in near autonomy or however
you pronounce that but there's too much
shit coming out there's the answer
there's too much shit camel came out
this month also we're waiting for the PC
release it is it is out today for the oh
you know what I probably could have just
arrowed the yeah well live and learn
this works
yeah is that today for the ps4 yeah but
it's out next week for PC so so I
believe our plan is to wait for the PC
release before we even play it lose or a
sword
hey matarese film what am i throwing on
a hammer
I hate those broad swords I like thorns
I know you like thorn thorn for a thorn
you're boomerang is cool but it's super
weak yeah but it's a boring I know it's
super weak spear but I've only got one
spear I got torch I need a torch
you ain't wrong wear it to the games
these past couple of months I've hit my
wallet hard pace yourselves gaming
industry fuck we had nothing in February
then all of a sudden boom boom boom Sims
bam bam bam boom so it's on our list
though because I know rich really likes
it's the same people that did its
platinum yeah and you know it looks
similar to vanquish so we'll probably
give it a look it doesn't look that
similar it's very this is very broadly I
think running around shooting had many
things in there I thought they were
shooting where they all right all right
I thought they were shooting I at a
glance it looked more Metal Gear Revenge
uhrin so to me or whatever the research
avenge yeah yeah revenge surge I don't
know maybe I have the wrong impression
all I know is it's uh is its 3d
bullet-hell which looks very promising
to me vanquish is very much bullet house
maybe maybe it is maybe it is stop drop
it thank you
stop drop and roll hey be a B oh shit
oh I don't I kind of like this one what
that's how I got up there yeah yeah
that's the puzzle you did it you did it
rich you did the puzzle is neat and near
looks really tasty yeah there's two
there's wheat we have we have a real
problem which is there's just too many
good things to play right now I even
snuck in I know I should have been
playing more Zelda I snuck in some more
horizon zero dawn yes I get in and it
was great did some side quests fought
some dinosaurs felt great I've had a
blood-borne hankering oh yeah yeah too
much shit there's too much shit
after neo before the craziness I played
a little I started a new blood board
game at hobo Joe blood yeah yeah and
there's all this good shit 2.0 checking
out the feasibility of a no-loss blood
echoes run great people have done it
without I'm sure there's people who've
done it without dying at all now dying
and no upgrades this probably some oh
really good some assholes out there yeah
want to show everyone else how awesome
they are but my silly aspirations are
just laughable but still they're my
aspirations if that's the game you want
to play know what lost soul no lost
blood echoes yep it's a fine thing how
the fuck do I get out of there I climb
down from the mountain but I get
teleported somewhere but I'd rather not
check this place out
it seems like a neat place
rich a not being touched run has been
done geez yeah I'm not I'm not shocked
I'm not shocked I could never pull that
off
people are crazy zoom in on that
chameleon real quick they camouflage
themselves sir once swimming yes those
appear to be swimming the enemies let's
say it's wise not to fuck with these
guys I'd like to get over there oh you
need to get that area John 10:18 Isis hi
guys as always thanks for the stream
rich watching you play this reminds me
of game station 2.0 stint of the game
station 2.0 stint yeah way Zelda all
have been too long since I asked my
guests as they it'll come out with these
that often huh
who was the chick you talked about the
Spider Man trailer with and what
happened to her I don't even know her
that well I I not somebody I
particularly knew so I don't I don't
know what the connection was okay
I think I've seen her once before then I
think she was in one of the Halloween
half in the bags she's one of the ghost
investigators oh the one where Plunkett
is buried under the floorboards okay
she showed up there she's so much stuff
in this game yeah and I'm not I'm not in
a corridor where there's only like one
place you can go next in the game and
that great the the simple give that this
game has of you can climb whatever you
feel like oh shit that's what you're
talking about I see it now they
camouflage themselves I thought it was a
corpse nicely handled Ridge yeah this
game has a really simple give which is
you can climb whatever you want it's
incredibly powerful once you yeah once
you stop thinking about it like a normal
video game where it's like yeah well
that wall I probably am not able to
climb know that while you are able to
climb you can climb whatever the fuck
you want to climb okay so how do we get
across here without finding a dozen of
those things it looks like if you can
get to that ramp but something happens
if I bomb that rock well probably just
pick it up sometimes those those a happy
little fellows are under the rock shite
sure but you want to get to that ramp I
wonder what's up that that OKC's
there you go one at a time you got this
you got this yeah I know this game is
I've never start thought this
strategically in a Zelda game before hmm
Oh coming out you swing to the side
you'll be fine kid swing your sword no
no that's why initially I wasn't having
a good time because I I'm used to this
yeah sweet girls all the bad guys I'm
still trying to figure out the the
super-dee-duper timing you know you get
to have you done any of the super
Dodgers yet yeah yeah the timing for
everyone's different weapon it's hard to
figure out the traveler speaks I'm sure
rich is going to say yes what is the
question
XCOM 2 is currently $44 worth it and
yeah rich is gonna say yes I've paid
twice as much for it rich is rich some
really like sex come and really like sex
come too or so I'm sure that's it's just
it's non sale price right now
porks up no I would not call this a Dark
Souls for baby no it's it's going for a
very different feel
yeah the combat isn't Dark Souls combat
right like it's hard but it's not for
the same reasons Dark Souls and
blood-borne have this incredibly tight
combat system that that means if you get
if you lose it's your own fault this is
very different how is the music in this
game I played flute of time almost
exclusively for the music the music is I
mean you're I don't know if how much you
can hear it now it's very minimal it's
like light piano string it's just very
very yeah it's very soothing ambient you
know they give you all the fucking
traversing powers right off the bat yep
if you feel overpowered mm-hmm but I
shouldn't be able to use shit like that
oh yeah until you're dying constantly
you feel way over Bob Knight's I'm not
talking much first combat I'm just
talking about it as far as like usually
got to wait half the game I know I'm
gonna eventually be able to get there
but it's it's gonna be half the game
before I get whatever power it'll be
that'll let me move that rock no no no
first section of the game they give you
all that ship oh yeah bombs magnet power
stop time power ice freeze power go go
go
I was worried that I was worried about
that like they give you your bombs right
away infinite bombs right away infinite
bombs right away and I was like what
kind of game is this infinite ice freeze
power limited swords though and that
weird right
I had made it hate him yeah I see where
this ramp leads oh I want your spear
anyway you wanted absolute looking spear
help me drew he died he drowned he
drowned
was there a tutorial level / stage for
this no you-you-you wake up from your
cave and you start the game immediately
you could argue there's an argument that
some of the temples kind of act as
tutorials but you know they're very
short assume that one sword for when I
need it seriously
yeah I because getting getting a weapon
I'm not wasting it on these doofuses
getting a weapon is not an all yeah
moment no it's not that's the one sad
thing yeah spike - boqo bow oh that's a
good that's a better boat incident I
know I get on I'm gonna handle things at
my own pace I'm in the middle of combat
Combe Bob Wian middle of khumba oh yeah
thank you hack Barton Hackbarth does a
great job of answering all the questions
that we answer too many times well what
was this one about Mass Effect Andromeda
that's why that's why hack bot is there
trailer was awful
yeah it looks awful oh I haven't even I
haven't even paid attention all I've
been doing is keeping a list of what
different ways we can destroy it don't
send it to us give the money to children
who needed that by the way that's part
of what happens responses okay
don't send us a copy because if you do
it will destroy it give that money to a
charity oh speaking of mr. Plunkett
musical a new mr. Plunkett game is out
do you remember that the weird mr.
Plunkett game we played they they made a
sequel yeah they made a sequel to that
and it's up on H dot IO right now
unfortunately we we kind of already had
a plan of what we were playing tonight
so we couldn't play it but maybe maybe
on Sunday we can play a little why need
to get as much time with this game as I
can right right I know theoretically I
could probably finish it now as part of
the that's part also part of the gimmick
right you're not confined by the story
either it's nonlinear you want to go and
fight Ganon with three hearts and it
should soar Gabby your guts
all right let's see here sorry chin says
tips in tip number two if you have
nothing so already turning on the fix
map to North makes it easier to navigate
at least for me can't wait till you do
actual dungeons stock up there pretty
clever oh there are actual dungeons holy
moly that wasn't that bad I can take him
do the Dodge I can take this guy yeah
you can take look I'm used to getting
one hit Bible bob khun's
in that first area remember you upgraded
your armor yeah yeah and apparently it
did a decent job of upgrading so I don't
feel confident enough do this fight
let's just go with the standard
Oh God he'll you turn fast on yeah look
nice flurry rush Cleary rush - fuck if
you time your dodge perfectly with their
swing you get that the fury rush and
it's awesome probably fucked up my sword
though god I hate them swords are so
fragile everything is right it's not
just swords rich every weapon is fucking
it breaks in three monsters for me I
hate it I don't know where I am it's
great yep no and you never you know Oh
Oh what it's I'm gonna you're a DS gate
let me see where this is on your wrap
this is this is the location I need to
remember you take a picture
zoom out enhance it's it's by the
mission I mean that's something I need
to finally go to well you know to go to
the curry ecovillage and then head up by
the great furry and just head out yeah
so it's directly to it's directly to the
right of Carrico village okay great not
quite directly Oh creatures appear yeah
it's directly there right yeah great I
need that I need that later
else is gonna be cold you know when it
gives you peppers let's get ready for a
temperature change uh not necessarily
not necessarily I've been up in the
snowy mountains and they have a lot of
snowy plants in the snowy mountains that
I'll be able to use whenever I get to
what oh fuck what the fuck is that
that's a centaur jack shit rich right
him right the Centaur jump on him and
tame him do you think he's a bad guy
yes I think he's a bad guy maybe he's a
friend he's like the no because they had
centaurs and the classic Legend of Zelda
on this got some I will get it to fight
it well kind of good food
we're gonna get to do this do some
cooking I don't have a pot that I can
make a fire but I can't make up yeah you
got to find a pot all this fighting I'm
gonna I'm gonna use I'm gonna lose this
nice shield such as liferich our
possessions look at a badass that shield
us Jack yeah you know what I have a way
better one I'll be honest with you you
look really tough oh no foxy almost
walked right oh wait he can't fight him
over there now or else he's gonna wake
up
okay I expected to see getting up only I
had grinded a bit and oh he sees you
oh he just one shot killed you twice
twice I can't do this oh you're so far
in though assessment out of fairies well
if you die there
you just saved before the fight began it
just saved right before the fight began
so if you die here you could just save
scumming and you know run away that's
that's my that's my official
recommendation what kind of weapon do we
want for this what's this do just as or
a sword
what's your what's your don't go with
the lightsaber that's your strongest
weapon
get that lock on and roll away working
for you
nice pricey looks like fucking Ganon
what the fuck was that
eating animation that's what he does he
eats in the neighbors he eats the food
and then he Pat's his belly Freddie and
patch your belly
oh good food it's it's weird this is not
working well if you if you you know if
you like I said if you lose you saved
right before the fight began so you can
always run away and get all that food
back
now I'm just dying you'll get all your
food back that's not far away wow this
game is tough it is this game is tough
it's legit tough just die I haven't died
yet I'm not gonna just die do oh I give
up that's my if you die I don't I don't
roll that way homie you could have just
started over that surrenders what that
is that is that's that's a different
kind of tactics rich you were you were
you'd a cess this now you that you've
had proper assessment of play if you
play a game to die you're doing it wrong
no I'm just saying death is an option
death is a learning opportunity death is
the end Jack it's learning death is the
end you now know more about I now know
to avoid the fucking centaur that's what
I know but that's the way to your thing
that's where you're going to your thing
there's probably a different way to the
foe of course this is differently
because I don't need I haven't even run
into them right right I don't even know
where you are
oh yeah I couldn't even lay a glove on
him that was not the fight to continue
yeah got to work on your dad's role
avoid avoid big demon monster man sure
ya know it's what's really surprising to
me is so far I have not like all this
stuff rich is doing I haven't seen any
of it and I feel like I know I'm much
farther in the story than riches and I
have way more of the map opened up so
like none of I haven't seen any of this
stuff that rich is doing and conversely
I'm sure rich hasn't seen much of this
stuff I've been doing and that's that's
kind of what this game is all about is
just going at your own pace exploration
is he still out oh he's still out oh
that's right cuz you didn't die you
didn't die teleported yeah oh so all the
guys who killed will still be dead yeah
have you gotten the Blood Moon yet wait
yeah oh yeah that sucked it happened
right numbers in the middle of a nest
full of Bo Bob concealed so this game
does something actually fairly
interesting which is if you notice the a
rich comes back to this area and most of
the guys are gone because he's already
killed them and the game remembers that
they're dead how come that couldn't
happen to the Centaur so the game
remembers that they're dead so like what
if if rich kills all these guys he can
come back to this area later and they
will remain dead but every five or six
in-game days that they're there they're
not very explicit how many days right
after a certain number of days you might
get the Blood Moon which is part of
Ganon's evil power and it resurrects
every single bad guy and it's creepy as
hell when it happens yeah I was not
expecting it I wasn't either like I said
I was right in the middle of a camp full
of
Liuba Bob khun's right right yeah so he
always make more food I can always cook
more
sure you could it's too late now to same
scum I don't care I wasn't that wasn't
going to I know I know I said that's not
how I roll Jack I and I I understand
that that's fine so Gannon is a
necromancer now yeah yeah I think that's
just a thing in the Zelda games where
the bad guys kind of always respond
anyway and so now they're they're adding
now we know why the family explained it
Zelda continuity where does it fit the
timeline isn't the soul timeline just
the biggest crock of shit it's a giant
clusterfuck in this desperate attempt to
get all the games to fit in one cohesive
universe there are now like four
timelines yep what a load of shit
no they just don't care about cannon
right no yeah the Oh every game is some
degree of reboot the only problem came
when they tried to explain the cannon he
was in a fight and the guy teleported
away I'd begun edge for a little bit
afterwards rich yep I bet he can't go up
there can you just sit up there he could
probably shoot up here does oh that's
right he has his like magic fucking one
hit deaf cannons
fuck that shit they're not fucking
around rich they're not fucking around
in this Zelda game you know what that
was shades of being a kid going to Death
Mountain early in the NES Legend of
Zelda and getting mauled by the Centaurs
there it was very reminiscent of that
I'm in an area I'm not equipped for it
I'm not powered up enough for yet and
I'm getting my butt kicked and that's
kind of neat Jack that's kind of neat
mm-hmm
I know it's they block your your path
off by way of difficulty and not
artificial walls so kind of like how a
game should be well a game like this le
oh oh I think I can handle this one you
might need your shield no it's it's very
nice they they they just let you they
let you go man that's great it's a very
so far it's been a very nice gaming
experience oh there's a tower where to
the right way way way way up something
the goat all right to my right to your
left now right there head that way see
it that okay it's voyage
it's getting colder I don't think I can
make it to the top
here we try to aqua get a ripoff of
Lucroy are you guys talking about are
you guys talking about sparkling water I
fuckin love sparkling water flavorless
fizzy water is the greatest beverage
it's an especially great substitute when
you're trying to not drink soda or beer
just because it's something fizzy in
your mouth that has zero calories yeah
so it's a great substitute get up there
you suppose there's gonna be something
up here worth it sometimes there is
sometimes there eight I feel like it's
yeah I know it gets colder the higher
you are yep which is neat do you have
any cold outfits you do you do not be a
swatch I'm Nintendo why why why is that
wrong why is that backwards no you do
what Nintendo wants you to do your
buttons are stupid why are your buttons
stupid my buttons aren't stupid you're
stupid I'm Nintendo fuck you my folks
buy it by the pound sparkly water shit
yeah it's great little sparkly water
over ice with dinner then you don't need
a beer it's great and it satisfies that
itch oh I know what's under that rag
it's gonna be a giant centaur went mad
with something he whips you off and then
crushes you with his giant middle finger
see this is why I'm taking hearts and
not stand by

[Part II]
buh-bye oh look another tower thing oh
no that's the same thing all right Tower
that way tower or town rich tower sound
well we're up here yeah just some
surveying oh good idea
looks like a hole in there a hole I
probably put something in there they
probably didn't just make a hole loons
be cool you're good but the hole is you
know what rich I've been up many
mountains some of the mountains don't
have shit on him no big this fucking
game is its giant you know what you know
what I'm gonna say about this game what
are you gonna say about this game Richie
this is what I had envisioned when you
know cuz I'm an old man yeah just
reading the magazines before ocarina of
time came out it hurts before every time
before flute of time came out and they
described the overworld and then when I
got it and it was the why when I got the
Y the magazines were talking about this
is what I this is what I envisioned in
my mind reading those magazines the
world is so huge it'll take you a day to
walk across it what they didn't say was
that a day in fluid of time was a minute
long fucking frauds fucking assholes
we've been hours we haven't gotten to
the other end of the map we started in
the middle yeah like you haven't
accomplished anything I walk I know yeah
no way they sold ocarina of time to me
that was closer I don't I'm delivered
now I don't know I go ream I don't give
no shits it's a car enough time ah o
karna ha Rena ocarina is how its this is
this is exactly what I had envisioned
this is what they sold me on yeah this
is this is the game they promised 30
years ago that plateau we started out
now no no that's is every area that's
that's oh that's a way back here some oh
my oh that's even look that's a
different one they turn blue when you
activate oh sure I know that but I'm
just I was looking at this cliffs but I
right because the blue but those are two
orange ones those are the ones you have
industry well this is one I haven't
where's the other one oh yeah that's
what I'm David look that's so far you're
left this is okay there's another one
yeah I know they're always they're so
far out of my way that's some future
date in gate eight years from now
so no well you know and for people who
don't know you have to activate the
towers in order to unlock that section
of the map so if you want there like
right now if rich goes to his map as you
can see his section his area is not
revealed like we don't know where the
roads are we can't see the topography
and so he would need to go to that Tower
to unlock that little mappy area if you
felt like it or there's a village right
there that he could check out or he
could do whatever the fuck he wanted you
don't need to do any of it I just missed
my good shield that's all that's all oh
wait till you get this next year oh man
the greatest all right like a hard one
to miss to be honest with you I have no
idea where I got it okay
all of a sudden in my inventory I had
this really awesome shield
well that's helpful I have no idea where
it came from
all right the plan yeah we're gonna land
somewhere over here okay walk up hit the
tower okay and then make our way around
that way to the town great that's the
plan
I think that's a great plan rich boom
boom do you guys like Zelda more than
Mario games two different games yeah
you're don't I compare these apples to
these oranges too two very different
games can't we like both
oh god you're not gonna make it Cheryl
what'd I tell you jack what did I tell
you I you know I guess I don't use the
food too often oh look they're hunting a
boar yeah you never see that yeah orange
just tastes better than apples never got
that saying the the saying is you're
comparing two completely different
things like it's a joke and it makes
sense that's a joke what I get it I get
it
oh they were joking yeah they're they're
joke is you can't compare them are you
talking about they're both fruit yeah
yeah I get I get it
flying takes stamina blah well yeah well
gliding gliding things just shit under
here little hole little batty village
isn't gonna be fucking worth it how are
you gonna get back up exactly that's the
question there it's probably a shit item
because they're all wikis right and
there's explosive barrels all over them
listen you had a plan rich I know I know
best laid plans are derailed by this
little formation over here oh yeah I've
run into one of these before
you don't know what it is huh you don't
know what it is no I'll show you you'll
show me yeah you see the shape you see
that shape yeah what's different okay
fuck's sake
look if you're gonna highlight it in
yellow that means I should be able to
hit it
nope I did wrong okay you can do it you
can do it nope nope you're telling me
that's not close enough not close enough
rich yeah okay yeah I saw him before I
think I was heading somewhere else I was
like I'll come back to it knowing that I
would never come back you'll probably
never see it again
right I'll never in the next 40 hours of
gameplay although there is a there's a
little like map thing where you can in
the map screen you can actually gain
when I hit the button to highlight the
enemy don't turn around
where are you can you not see is there a
glitch
take it min if it's a inventories phone
oh you mean that oh yeah yeah I mean
that's very sad very unsatisfying fight
oh yeah but a very satisfying fall just
the phone sure all right let's see here
sick sick of says sig sig says with his
resistance against to save scumming I am
reminded once again that rich Evans is
truly a man of honor that's true
how true
and yeah now rich has a big ass club
yeah bad thing look at that ass club
whoo horses you like blueish the
waterfront maybe I like both of those
darker ones are cool with their with
their white hair white hair and dark a
body and that looks great
oh we should still be streaming how long
yeah we're still streaming it loves you
now that's a cool up numerous oh oh nice
shot of the Blood Moon look at that shit
on your horse weight face that direction
but have the camera still facing man
like move your horse to go that way and
like yeah profile take a picture that
shit yeah that's a great picture
look at that that's the Blood Moon try
to get him like that with his head
turned but he only turns for bid nice
that was probably it it's that time of a
month for Ganon again yeah so now all
the monsters that rich is killed like
those guys I just whacked yeah they're
gonna come back
oh yeah and here here's how it like this
is what happened to me is all of a
sudden you're just walking around and
black smoke starts appearing everywhere
and Ash and everything turns creepy as
shit what that dodging skills huh that's
actually pretty awesome wrench yeah I'm
surprised you didn't get the I know I'm
too
lost my you stop is bad which is by the
way just a good tactic because then he
doesn't have a weapon ice rich
kick-ass that was pretty kick-ass and
the headshots bring it
boy my no of time bring it
really
you fell asleep do the sweet moves
basically running towards you killing
your friends and you just like thinking
that rich he saw how awesome we were
fainted and he was so overtaking links
gonna be in my dreams tonight
ow ow
nice what I don't know I don't know this
my horse where's my horse what's the
form I don't know if I'll come I haven't
I haven't registered him yet oh great oh
that well there's your horse
oh no that's not yours hey your horse is
behind you and I was gonna hit you with
the arm of the skeleton gorgeous
oh thank your horse nice tactic
I'm holding the other I'm trying to
switch swords but it's going to the up
menu not sub is your oh you your weapon
is not out yet I don't think well it's
broke
instead of hitting I don't know it's
just weird weird is going on and I can
deal with it time Dom you got to get
that time a downer
multiple dick stabs those dickheads
throwing rocks at you
those ain't your horses running away
where's mine behind you I hate myself
flower left there is day is
Oh for fuck's sake damn reviewers saying
Iron Fist is hard to sit through Wow
interesting
came all yeah but I was so very
disappointed with with Luke Cage I'm
hoping for for another good one here
I got a kitchen OOP free arrows shooting
them and he won't stop that's great it's
farming farm air hose
I wonder who's making iron fist I wonder
if iron fist is a is another ABC studio
production
Oh Oh those needs your boomerang hit a
rock so it got thrown off course you
know what that isn't it we know what's
neat boomerangs not so bad yeah try I
was not having a good time with the
boomerang
because having to manually catch it was
probably throwing you off probably
travellish sorry that was shit Oh Mike
chase gaming you're so wrong Jessica
Jones is fantastic Jessica Jones is
fantastic season 1 of daredevil is good
most of season 2 is good I really think
that the season 2 of daredevil like the
final episode it ended on a really bad
note your horses to the left I know I
don't
I'm sorry sorry I'm taking these what
are these free arrows tag free arrows
all over the place I can can't I can't
let that go
no no you can't let that go take all the
arrows that was a neat little battle I
just wish I could stand a chance against
that fucking centaur well you thought
you could you just need to get the
timing right yeah I need some kind of
armor more armor more health I'm
probably about halfway I probably need
to be about halfway through the game
before I can have a comfortable fight
with that guy that's not I could die in
one hit at any moment sure I'm digging
this I'm totally digging this max you
should as you should I'm digging it to
maybe I should okay
alright well next time try going up the
hill and on the right of the hell you
super horse wait where you going I'm
looking at that Tower that kind of
gotten off course Oh what's up you had a
mission Ridge go to the tower go to the
town you're gonna run into one of those
octopus monsters again now you just
trying to scare me Sam last time that's
time that's what happened I didn't know
you could pet him anytime you want yeah
is that how you build up your bond yeah
well I got three damaged or 3 GB ups oh
you're gonna you're gonna need a better
giddyup er well maybe he has more like
speed oh sure he's also he runs into
rocks they all do
they all run into the rocks what's going
on with you are you
you're like a green horse it's very
weird coloring that one horse
discipline daddy yes just a agreed with
earlier what you're saying about disc
exams to do it Jessica Jones the
steaming very well it doesn't it doesn't
have the action that a that a daredevil
has but it does storytelling real nice
and good what you punk-ass horse got
scared off do you punk ass whores thing
made him afraid it's fine fine went okay
he didn't run too far no he didn't run
too far so that's okay
come on punk-ass horse
when do items you'd gather in the wild
respond I'm assuming that all happens at
the Blood Moon
oh maybe perhaps I don't know I'm so
rarely back in the same area turn the
shield bash yeah
I'll try to
hey that's my ass-kicking yeah so not
not only can you dodge and get the super
but you can also parry with your shield
to make them drop their weapons Hey
Welsh rich I think you're I think your
horse has problems your horse might have
a learning disability
gotta get some ritalin for that horse it
has ADHD quirky mumbling register me
score key he's quirky ya old TV show oh
yeah I'm what's it called was that
she'll call well sure wasn't called
quirky but he was the most famous
character in it right oh look at all
these Oh
Attie note our life goes on is what
they're saying sounds uh he saw you kill
all of his friends who goes maybe if I
just don't look at him I'll just no
leave me alone
I don't want to deal with that hero shit
today I'm here go stir that humble
haunts their dreams yeah I gotta make it
to the top I don't think you have to
make it to the top he's gonna make it to
one other things I think I'm gonna see a
thingy before the top i'm i yeah well
that thing all right it's kind of close
I don't like cutting it close yeah I'll
be fine
it's getting it real close can i chew on
you we're just a little bit of salmon on
them yeah I want to waste but this is
why we this is why we carry this shit
yep so they don't fall yeah
go to the tower
oh wait you're yeah yeah you know you
can actually get to them slightly faster
if you crawl up the side of them really
yeah like you don't need to go over them
go to that little side sticky area
what do you mean so instead of crawling
up there yeah Oh crawl up like that that
ended then you actually crawl up all
right faster
you know it'll save you just that little
bit of here if you're worried you won't
make it probably making over to that one
yeah Oh furred five the magician the
kingpin and daredevil is what made
season 1 Vincent D'Onofrio was brilliant
brilliant and yes he kind of looked like
a marshmallow but you know that's what
the kingpin looks like Vinnie Vinnie D
that's what his friends like the column
yes he was also in men and black sugar
yeah yeah walked her that's great she's
great it's one of those guys it gets
around he's great
not super famous but been at a ton of
things is someone famous oh I don't know
if I don't know if he's super famous
probably not a lot of people know his
name
right you know but then if then if you
were to say like oh yeah that guy he was
uh he was in CSI criminal intent or NYPD
criminal intent or whatever that was my
PD blunt law and order criminal ooh oh
my god law and order criminal intent
that's the one who's on oh god this
makes me uncomfortable every time music
the knowledge onto your device yeah it's
fine just milk it
that was big chunk on that one oh yeah
mention of Mary yeah yeah what we got
here is a my help
oh yeah it was in Full Metal Jacket hmm
this plan is working out so far
that's a fine plan rich you got a fine
plan do we see any things I can mark on
yes we do
hello Bing well I got one more pin oh
well you gotta clear out the pins then I
couldn't get to the one because of uh oh
yeah little Bob monsters like the pie
it's the only one I see I think we're
good all right where's our horse oh
that's right yeah you see and that's my
problem with horses I haven't picked up
a horse yet
your horse is derping around down there
because I like gliding places so I'd
much rather like glide to the village
it is smart or horse gotta explore on
your way around you can't do that while
you're gliding but this is why I've
missed things cuz I lied to the village
oh I'm gonna kill that guy so I can
court oh look there oh yeah and on your
map screen rich yeah you can have up to
like a hundred things so if you like to
open up your map not just quick pin okay
you can and you can do specific pins say
like there's a sword here that I need to
bomb here there's a shop here you can
put like specific little doodads thank
you really need
I don't know why that's sort of many
things stop working you should be able
to pick a new sword well I hit you you
went directly from pressing the left
button to pressing the right button so I
wonder like if you like what now just
press the right button
well yeah but I let's try it when I'm
unequipped now it's working I just think
it was reading it read up like when you
swiped over I'm not saying it's good I'm
fine it's all I need a fire we need a
fire I'm gonna make my first fire from
scratch all right let's be fun you don't
need sticks though there should be
sticks under it oh all right so you just
need the flint just place the flint
under there by the way well that's this
far that's the other horse I have
registered who's in Kakariko village I
thought that was your ADHD horse over
there we could pretend we could pretend
he didn't come because he sees special
yeah now like that he's specially
enabled Darkwing schmuck says if you
have time before the stream ends you
should make a manual save and a beeline
for hyrule castle to try to fight Ganon
I did it today for shits and giggles and
got my ass kicked
it was the reveal when I get there I
this is my games my games mics does my
Zelda journey what leverage have his
Zelda experience
all right Oh where's that in my hands so
I can drop it you didn't have it I did
hold it I had hold and then oh I got it
before it didn't it's at zero five
before all right that needs be on the
ground here right yeah
and then I just need to oh that's great
and then me that's great
yep super neat oh and now I'm gonna blow
them now keep doing that accidentally
all the time it's never it's never gonna
stop happening all right so we need a
beverage that's absolutely fine some
health generating food what do we use
well you can sear a steak maybe try
mixing up like apples and herbs for
combat sake I want to try this Oh five
of those yeah do not use these yet whoo
oh my god look three up defense plus
five hearts still probably would not
have helped me against the centaur sure
you got you got fish you got herbs you
got apples you got beets you got
pumpkins you got a little bit of
everything man you can make whatever you
want
boom I got carrots you got lizards yeah
oh yeah
ton of shit you got a ton of shit oh we
got rice where's my head still shrooms
where did those all go obviously I
cannot find the stealth mushrooms is
that them up on top appropriately
rich no longer has any fairies to cook
don't worry I will take video of me
attempting to cook fairies I'm not
wasted if I find that other fairy I am
not wasting it right
sneaky mushrooms sneaky shrooms
let's try mixing some random stuff yeah
do it see what you can make some of
those yeah
beat yep maybe an apple an apple sure
and what can you only do five things oh
yeah there be a pumpkin apples beets
something fried wild greens bridge that
is 14 hearts oh that's great but doesn't
have any special properties so no way
it's kind of a waste
asure those 14 days I used one of the
fortifying pumpkins in there well now
you know do we want to cook a frog yes
yes we chosen you can cook like some
monster parts and something else right
if you cook a monster part with a bug a
bug specifically yeah or it'll it'll
actually say like look at the like the
cricket it says to Korea to create a
stamina recovering elixir hey bug in a
monster pardon something pretty common
alright alright I can deal with that
yeah walking do it up so far which do
you like more Zelda best of the worst or
Zelda didgeridoo of time best of the
worst yeah yeah I mean I remember and
you know this this very well just could
be our ages at the time yeah cuz I'm a
little younger than rich but I remember
ocarina of time being that big world and
I was amazed when it came out that the
combat the the the side quest it was
giant to me as a small child but I also
agree with rich that this is kind of you
know this is the next evolution it is
giant and unencumbered by fences by
hallways by gateways it's it's one of
the most perfect examples I've just
learned by doing just go somewhere if
you die you can't go there you want to
go over there fucking try bitch
that's fairly random it's gonna be
garbage it binged so it's good yeah if
it okay if it turns into garbage it goes
blah yeah yeah I've made garbage before
yeah so it so you know that this is this
is it's wonderful this game is wonderful
for the time ocarina was great
spicy suck dick Pippa's I love ocarina
but in other ways I kind of see it as a
best of the worst in a bad way too slow
seriously it and and filled with TD shit
compared to previous games ocarina yeah
you know terrible world Terra no I'm
dead serious
terrible world at the time it was fine
for the time hold on to an apple Oh easy
come easy go right right you just stayed
that nut rich right uh I think you were
gonna go visit a town yep oh we're
working on ocarina of time was 1997 give
it a break twitchplayspokemon I don't
know what Daggerfall is rich you know
with dagger falling I've heard of it
yeah it's not the original Elder Scrolls
ok this horse kicks yeah
whoa horsey
you know if you jump off your horse and
pull your bow you do this little mole
thing yeah come on give me something oh
you boring fuck Oh Oh bull you dived
right into that I should - over it
timings really tricky on the Claymore
one super super dodge oh yeah Russia
this guy's a wuss
oh oh whoa wow what is it yeah you see
that if anyone saw the game stuttering
there that was not the stream yeah that
was I think we dropped down to ten
frames per second that's being generous
that was that was some still images for
a moment which will give you an idea
doesn't happen often it does not happen
often but that was that was some serious
serious this is it doesn't bode well for
the future of the switch if their launch
title is chugging that's that's what I'm
saying
this is supposed to be the game that
sells the system it's supposed to be
part of that sales pitch
Oh rice keys not things I can collect
guys suck that's a green rock
Wii U version stutters a bit too oh sure
I know like someone just did some
performance tests comparing Wii U to the
switch version of best verse and I
believe those performance tests came
back as the Wii U was more consistent
with higher frame rates sad that is and
that's sad their new console is weaker
than their last one their counting
entirely on this gimmick yeah to get
them through because it's I don't want
to I can't open it what I'm swimming
but can you I don't think that water is
deep enough to swim in those shows but
you know I get what I did I guess I
would have just swam right up to it all
right let's see here loner our chances
hi rich and Jack how are you this
evening also serious questions to Jack
what would happen serious question Jack
no serious one so okay what would happen
if you found out your kids are taking
drugs what drugs are they taking and are
they taking them right now because we
know my oldest is eight so if my
eight-year-olds taking drugs we got a
problem
meth or heroin yeah we're gonna have a
problem gonna have a problem pot
whatever this I decide to decide which
age your kid you discovered your kids
taking drugs this his career path might
be limited the gas station attendant but
if their meth the pot oh god what are
you talking about and somebody I know
who was a STONER working at the same gas
station he was when he graduated high
school with us
yeah yeah sure no I mean or you could
have a fine career in television and oh
sure sure no you know for for me I'm
thinking of a specific person oh yeah
who is the the biggest fucking pothead
on the planet yeah no I know some people
like that too I know some people like
that too and then nothing quite happened
with their lives right thank you still
there man okay come on and I guess that
would be the count the wood fell off
it's fine the conversation I would have
depending on how old they were like
obviously if it's before if it's before
15 okay I'm probably just not gonna it's
not gonna happen before 15 then we're
just shutting it down yeah and I will
try to figure out the most appropriate
way to shut it down without actually you
know making them want to do it more or
whatever you know however that works but
I look at slides IV I don't have no idea
how I would shut it down cuz you know
like that's a very situation Wow look at
that
diamond
any 15 or after I won't have a problem
with light drugs like pot you know a
little weekend drinking I won't have a
problem as long as my kids still do well
at school and/or work if they can
maintain grades and job while while
doing that stuff fine whatever you know
mm-hmm that's that's how I always felt
about it when I was a pothead would you
rather do a Potter or like nicotine
right well yeah I would be really
disappointed if they started smoking
just because to me it's not worth it
like then you might as well smoke pot
like the high is way better you can have
that talk with them yes like what are
you doing you're gonna be that asshole
that hangs are outside of places to have
a cigarette and the high isn't even
worth it get high get me get some pot
and motherfucker you know what I'm
calling this horse if we can ever
register it what courage courage courage
Chicago where is this horse where this
courage looking courage is all the way
down there won't be by the skeletons
courage no courage courage the cowardly
horse mr. buck oh and by the way I'm I'm
not I am NOT going to entertain any of
these smoking pot it's actually better
for you than cigarettes there are less
chemicals in five days bullshit that is
absolute bullshit the proper studies
have not been done no matter what you
are inhaling something that your lungs
were not meant to inhale it's all bad
for you worse better we don't know the
full extent because these studies have
not been
done oh it's a finicky horse I can't
wait to break it that's that's something
that potheads love to pad out well you
know actually you know they say smoking
pot has less carcinogen it doesn't have
the chemicals that cigarettes have but
we don't know enough to make those
statements no matter what you are
putting something in your lungs that
your lungs were not built for but like I
said yeah you know this days do think
it's still good grades they don't lose
their job over it and I'm fucking man
laughs do what to do what you want but
you know what if they start putting up
like blacklight posters in their room
and dressing all weird and getting into
Bob Marley then we're gonna have a
different conversation like you're
better than this don't be what are those
are those Birkenstock sandals oh god
you're waking you're wearing dreadlocks
you can you can't have dreadlocks sorry
yeah you know you can keep talking I'm
just no that's why I'm not responding
do what you want is a terrible parental
tactic not if they make the right
choices the the hope is as a parent you
have I'd like to have raised somebody
who thinks for themself and not who
thinks what I told them to think well
and the the real idea behind behind any
of this is your early parenting is all
about letting them discover consequences
for themselves and making them aware of
what the consequences are so that they
make the best choice for them I would
like to think I I had given my kids the
tools to make good decisions right right
and so had I kids who's gonna confuse
some people who are not hearing what
caused this conversation right so so the
idea is when year 1516 you're still
figuring out life and you can't come
down hard like you know there will be no
drugs in my house there will be none of
that because then all you're doing is
setting yourself up to be deceived if
kids want to go out and get high they
will find a way you know how I know I
went out and I got high and then I had
but I still maintain my school and when
my mom when I was in high school and my
mom found out that I smoked pot that's
the conversation she had with me she
goes hey here's here's here's the here's
how it works
you start effing up in school you start
effing up at your job all this gets
taken away mm-hmm
but you do all right in school you have
a job if you ever get someplace and
don't feel comfortable driving back call
me I'll come and get you
and that was a fantastic conversation to
get as a teenager because then the the
stigma of drugs was taken out of it
because like I think that's why a lot of
people gravitate towards like drugs and
alcohol
this is something I'm not supposed to do
I'm gonna do it all the time so go the
way I owe
he does turn his own way he turns on his
own yeah jack smokes pot and rich has a
secret love child oh boy what a day yep
all the news all the news right here no
now the Clown College story is a lot
clearer get it you get high you see an
advertisement for Clown College you say
hey this is probably pretty good idea
next thing you know you wake up and your
face is covered with white megohm at
least you hope it's makeup I didn't that
was the joke to make do my kids watch
this no they're not allowed they
wouldn't understand half the shit we
talked about right they probable you
know what they actually probably would
just because they love watching gameplay
footage they'd understand the gameplay
footage if they understand what we're
talking about now no no they would
probably just giggle every time we said
butt or set a swear word yeah so dear
where did you wanna shoot the deer and
shot a deer before there's gonna be a
new experience for okay great
opinions on buying a ps3 for cheap now
some good games yeah fine games you make
worse decisions in life
like doing pot don't do drugs kids you
know what as someone who has done drugs
I agree don't do drugs I never have yeah
I never felt the need yeah that's fair
that's fair I've said this a lot before
but you know I'm without drugs I am
significantly more productive had I
still been on drugs I I probably
wouldn't be doing the things that I'm
doing I wouldn't I wouldn't have had the
drive to to make videos and continue to
make videos and do all the stuff that I
do so hence that's my gas-station
comment you know that's the thing about
about pot is it kind of really relaxes
you rich Evans the square yes I've
always been a nerd I don't give a shit
not no we're not just nerve rich you're
square sure sure it's fun that's fun I
like that for part of in transition goes
I generally do 2 or 3 pots when I get
home do all the pots you want as long as
you get your shit done and that's
remembering people that's the moral of
the story as long as you get your shit
done do all the pots that's courage
you're gonna let me write it my courage
I'd give him a pet
he sticker I stuck this around him a
little pet oh yeah good courage know as
intenders I really want half the
functions dedicated to be I want to be
dedicated to a and vice-versa
say man you see that it's that he should
start being temperamental
I just got yeah yeah you got yourself an
ordinary horse ranch Jesus Christ I
thought we already played The Last
Guardian whoa
camera we did find out okay yes it's
true okay you don't know who the Yaga
clan is well now I gotta cut you
dedicated to defeating a hero thought
why would you defeat a there Ganon
worshipers the eco they're talking about
that in ke kero village really Ganon
worshipers in this game oh that's
hilarious
yeah there are Ganon worshipers nope
oh shit look at that and rich you got a
ninja I'm trying to think of the you
know what katana right
Oh disappeared
Wow let's look half your hearts by the
way all right by the by a Gannon called
then how are you running into all this
shit I've been to this town when I did
I'm the great though it's giant am I'm
not running into shit that you ran into
Oh rich you haven't seen half the shit
I've seen yeah there you go
but like I want to fight Gannon
worshipers oh that's true technically
technically there was a Gannon cult and
Zelda - that's all that Zelda 2 was
about was trying to resurrect that
wasn't a coat wasn't that his monsters I
was like mob wounds and whatnot I don't
think that was humans maybe maybe this
adds another level of humans an Xbox 360
or a ps3 for cheap ooh
that's super top
you got my tea bananas Nathan I think
you also get our weapon
I saw it fly that way I hope so - all
fucked up
vicious sickle you've got a man that's a
metal band right there Luz gentlemen
welcome to the show tonight we are
vicious sickle what through that sword
down I got me a fairy what yeah
a fairy came out of the sword that blew
up that's cool that's awesome I didn't
know that happened yeah fairy shit so
much shit happens in this game where's
courage damn horse is that oh shit guys
go he's coming back he's coming back but
you put the cigarette out we weren't
doing anything no that's not that's not
courage that's not crazy wait here no
wait no that's good no it's not no
where's your where's your animal where
did you leave him he went away
do you ever what side he left him on I
was like right in front of the lady
Oh way he came down he went down here oh
you know what yeah I know I know I know
what I'm exploring I wanna what's over
here I thought you missed him no no no
you passed him up I saw him okay I know
where he is what's around here which is
a lot of what this game is Oh what's
around here yeah oh yeah oh yeah and I'm
supposed to do this thing I defeat the
ultimate evil but uh oh my got weeks we
got weeks to worry about that shit
all right let's see here insert silly
username here says the first couple
games I have bought in the last several
years were doom and blood-borne based on
your oh you made some good choices shit
yeah you did I loved both should 0
horizon be my next game or is there
something else I don't like
I like 0 horizon and I have an issue
with the aiming right even with the
aiming I wouldn't like it anywhere near
as much as I do doom or blood-borne it's
really good though it's still really
good unless you're a mouse aim person
then you're gonna have issues with it
well we only assume if they have a
blood-borne I have a ps4 sure sure games
that are aiming type games come out on
it assuming the road will take me where
I need to go am I sure oh yeah the boar
and I I really really liked horizon it's
definitely lighter than both blood-borne
and doom and that's kind of what I liked
about it but much like blood-borne it
has this very deep and realized were
lands of that that's been some of the
most fun as far as horizon zero dawn is
concerned is just talking to people and
walking around and figuring out the
world you're in so I would obviously
like what rich said it's not as good
it's not blood-borne doom level but it's
pretty darn good a fine addition if you
are done with doom in blood-borne fine
edition escape Kage we disagree with you
that is all what specifically I find
from software's games boring bland
uncreated and pointless uncreate well
okay I can understand you don't like the
combat you might find it boring or
something but uncreated
I find it boring uncreated how do you
get some of the best monster designs
like anywhere not just in video games
but like in Hollywood yeah wonderfully
looking and animated monsters just for
that alone you you can't say they're not
creative yeah there's something
completely unique about the way you
fight the robot animals yeah in horizon
zero dawn
yeah that's a fair statement yeah it's
oh I think I gotta save somebody oh yeah
I've done that that's great
uh-huh I am your hero wait are the other
guys attacking someone else here I come
to save the day
oh no he's dead
look it up wait she's dead guys there's
got stars room is dying on on your on
your watch oh please
demo which the framerate drop hasn't
been often or unbearable enough to
really be of any note it hasn't bothered
me but if you're like sensitive to
something like that it happens often
enough to you in general okay even if
it's just a little bit it happens here
and there yeah it happens I guess with
me I have not noticed it often enough
where it would be of anything of note as
I keep playing if I keep noticing it
there's no quest I just I guess I just
rescued some people yeah oh there's the
village where's courage okay I think he
stayed still this time but Jack you
don't get it gamers got a complain about
everything it seems that way sometimes
it seems that gamers do complain about
everything mostly complain about you
complaining about things no or else
they'll complain about me saying good
things about a thing they're also
complaining about not saying enough good
things or about it not saying enough bad
things or saying the wrong bad thing I
know you're fast but oh you're such a
pain in the butt I don't know if you're
worth it yeah but if you like the more
the more you grow that bond the more
he'll listen
he's fucking fast I could just use a
pono but that feels like cheating it
really does I should have brought my
amiibo well you didn't bring your your
thing anyway so be able to point that's
just that right there's a normal fire
sir behind your way you suspicious man
who are you be on your way he's
suspicious my herb he certainly dude
beer to be a helium like the rest this
Hillians are generally good folk I know
that cuz I'm racist society for getting
all worked up you're not a filthy Gorgon
one of them one of them guild faces and
I like guild faces here are you Nick
breather it's the first racist - so the
breathers we got Rock munchers don't get
me started on the feather folk
Oh batteries yeah and we don't have that
watch up on the main computer so I
wanted to make sure I plugged it in well
what what time is it how long we've
going I've been going for three showers
just Trish yeah so I mean you know
anytime you're ready but David David had
a question yeah a tip question said he's
not not an avid pot smoker not a pot
smoker but as apparently I am a an old
he called me an old pot wizard and I
want to say okay he wanted some tips on
smoking pots make it an enjoyable
experience and that's really tough for
me because obviously I was young it was
enjoyable for me because I was with my
friends you can talk about your pops
talk about my pots I'm going Ritchie's
gonna go to the restroom I it was in
trouble for me because I was with my
friends and you know we would get
together and rich is gonna go smoke some
pot right now really dislike how you're
complaining about us complaining you
guys are great you guys are great
they go you know hang out with your
friends and do something that you would
normally enjoy doing but get high while
doing it that's all I can say so
look at look at courage look at this
courage it's just walking on his own
bye-bye link so I get Oh Oh courage got
scared by another horse
courage ran away courage ran away he got
scared by another horse so yeah I'd like
you know watch movies and listen to
music and hang out with your friends and
do all the stuff that you would normally
just enjoy doing but get high while
doing it and I think generally they say
that the first time you smoke weed
nothing really will happen like I
remember the very first time we did and
you know it could have been bad around
the very first time we did we got about
approximately like five minutes of
feeling high and that's it
it didn't really do anything and you
know we all felt kind of cheated the
next time though it was full-on and so
just go easy smoke pot and plays that oh
man that'd be great smoke pot and play
Zelda get high and watch all the Vista's
a vape 4:28 oh lordy Lordy you guys are
crazy
no no no no weed is a lot more powerful
nowadays oh that's I could never get
back into smoking pot I like I want to
say like you know I stopped smoking pot
because I got paranoid and you know like
maybe a couple years after I stopped
smoking pot you know a few friends of
mine were still pot heads and I I tried
smoking pot again this was a few years
later well before I was you know married
or had kids or anything yeah you know
what I'll try that smoking pot again
it's been a while maybe maybe I'm ready
for it now and and it was just way more
intense than I remembered it because pot
strains are now like chemically derived
and it's it's crazytown so take it easy
out there everyone Jack got my joke
great smoke pot and watch awful movies
with a Chad yeah Jack my five-year-old
is watching and just lit up a doobie
quit warping my child
what toke responsibly that's right
leftover beefcake toke responsibly
please answer fruit probably magician
what was the question hold on what did
you say 4pi have you dicks with robots
using corruption arrows yet no 4pi I
have not used corruption arrows yet
seems neat I've upgraded my staff and so
I do often times I will reprogram robots
and let them fight each other
I have not messed around with corruption
arrows yet and like you know I haven't I
haven't even gotten a bolt caster in
horizon zero dawn which is kind of their
version of a gun just because I'm making
my way really well using the tools I
already have you know having a bow
having the trap caster and having the
tie-down gun and the bomb thrower so I
didn't I didn't I didn't even get a bolt
caster caster the gun okay yeah so
they're asking did you use any
corruption arrows no okay
yeah neither do that I'm still not using
them not saying they ain't neat all
right let's do this dungeon and shut up
shut up the glip glops gotta shut up the
blip blocks yeah so funky nodular yeah
IKEA Holmes Oh God see you build it
yourself
yep building stuff sturdy sturdy rich
did they come with arms
she's a via these this chair in this
couch these arms were supposed to be the
same height by the way putting that out
there you guys can see that these were
supposed to be the same height
no I just went to use some Visine
because my allergies are starting to act
up Oh No
seasonal or probably something I gotta
do unless this is the very first of
early seasonal allergies because it's
been so unusually warm lately it could
be so it could be early seasonal yeah
can't believe people play with shrine
find around what are you talking about
that's great
you want them trines you you don't you
want the upgrades don't you want to know
what the shrines is okay what am I am
probably one
I want to come here to look for crime
how many have anything how many bubbles
blip it's three oh good yeah you were
due for an upgrade oh wait you don't
need to eat anything what if I take
damage I know this dungeon okay
it was it would be very unlikely that
you would take any damage and of course
at the end of the dungeon you get full
health does no I refuse to save scum I
and I'm I'm Ember this dungeon I've
already done this it would be very
unlikely if you do okay if you take if
you took damage you're doing something
wrong enough for you it's worth you
dying is what I'm gonna say oh wow oh
wow
yep okay so uses the controller I was
wondering about this I I did this puzzle
I just happened to be in handheld mode
yeah and I was wondering what someone
like if it would work with the
gyroscopes gyroscopes in the in the
controller oh it does I'm holding that
way down
classic tilty tilt the puzzle oh just
your classic tilt the puzzle wonder how
we get that I ain't saying so many we
have to smash it I ain't saying nothin
as part as it makes every other robot
attack them you know what I'm gonna look
into those corruption arrows for a
private magician I like I said I snuck
some time I snuck some horizon zero dawn
time and but now I really need to
concentrate on Zelda so we can get that
out soon and then I'm just gonna go
right back into horizon zero dawn so
I clicked on this expecting them to
expect me to see them filming a new best
of the worst but it's just Zelda ler
instead yeah like all of us you're the
best at puzzles look at you now try to
do that again
what what it can go upside down almost
pathetic that blew my mind I had no idea
I could go upside down I got a
recalibrate fuck it all up doing that
yeah scratch my nuts on camera right
it's like it's big an inch right on
camera too big an inch it's looking
right at your nuts too big an itch Wow
I think it's great but I just think it's
great that you could just flip this
whole puzzle over I'm just wondering how
to get that chest mm-hmm do you know
yeah I know I got it I'll let you figure
it out
oops I say this is an IKE grain-rich
this is a family show god I hope not
try not to watch this show with your
family
too big a niche a memoir by rich Evans
so Jack I had to restart the stream
which do you like better Zelda or
horizon I like them both for different
reasons I like horizon because of the
action and the very detailed world
fighting those giant robot no Dino
fighting those giant robot dinosaur
you're amazing
I recalibrate can I recalibrate this is
me holding it normally now you probably
have to like press B to get out of there
button or not so it depends on you know
cuz they they they both have an open
world they both have you know excited
cause they both have they both have very
similar aspects do you want to explore
do you want to hunt yeah do you want to
do want to explore or do you want to
fight giant robot dinosaurs both have
their merits so I like them both for
different reasons calibrate calibrate
calibration shotgun specialist you know
you're looking for you looking for
action you're looking for serious action
sci-fi or are you looking for a fantasy
adventure
I know what I need to do what I can't do
mm-hmm yes I agree that's where you tell
me you did this puzzle in the first try
no no it's a it took me I mean it took
me a few tries it's it's that ending
that's the real hard part and like you
said like it kind of gets on calibrated
and so it's all in funky yeah it took me
a few tries just turn it upside down do
upside down might be easier rich Evans
rich Evans the the only man to mow his
way through a hedge maze oh fuck off
wait wait wait leave do that do it look
around as link oh good the dip that's
great I'm suing I gotta climb up in
there
three hours later he did it a little
unconventional but it did it it's not
worth fallen to my doom I probably have
to tilt it down first I don't how do you
do it Oh give up I'll give up how did
you do it really yeah yeah you tilt it
tilt it and then go back you tilt it and
then you can jump on yeah cuz it stays
tilted so you you did yeah yeah you did
figure out with some experimentation
before I go and waste my time doing that
yeah I just forgot to ask his fucking so
how comically do you find all the 10 out
of 10 reviews for this no it's pretty
good 10 whatever it's here here's the
thing about any of that though like I
you know rich and I hate numbers like we
hate number review you know we're
viewing by numbers and so like it's
silly for me just because they're giving
it a number but now if someone thinks
this is a perfect game great don't them
or throw the ball off the balls already
are we do something else what that's a
good that could be that might be where I
got the nice shield Jack would you say
the switches say the switch is okay the
switch so far is what it what do you
call what do you call the the organ in
your body that you don't necessarily
need is superfluous this at the moment
the switch is unnecessary but doing no
harm it's your it's your it's your
tonsils
are they in necessarium the switch what
what aspect of the switch just its
existence existence yeah is unnecessary
but doing no harm so far it is not
adding there they're attempting to save
their console business by merging it
with their successful handheld business
right and the end result is gonna be
they collapse they're extremely
successful handheld business well but
they haven't announced that they're done
with the 3ds they're playing I guess
they're playing it a little bit safe
yeah this bombs oh just keep making
videos games see we told you we told you
this is big now we just phase the 3ds
out it wasn't because the switch shit
hmm yeah tonsils do a job okay well I
don't know appendices most certainly can
do a show out huh yeah but maybe an
appendix well yeah so maybe an appendix
is the more appropriate metaphor here
where the switch is in appendix where
right now it's not doing its you know
it's unnecessary but it's not doing any
harm but if it explodes Nintendo is
going to need an operation so it's it's
fine so far it could could really use
some games you hope they don't phase out
handhelds though this is very much a
handheld it's a giant ridiculous
handheld well that's the neck that was
the next part that was the next part
rich which is as far as handhelds go I
don't know if I'd want to take this many
places it's big it's like really fucking
big
compared I mean I'll get some
side-by-side chats compared to something
like my Vita and it's ridiculously big
all right nice bow that's good - that's
good - and you know it's bit being big
is good it's got a nice screen the
controls the controllers don't feel
terrible in short bursts for longer
gaming sessions though the the the joy
cons rip your tendons to shreds turn you
into little cloth finger thingies and
yeah but but like I said for very short
bursts the gameplay handhelds all right
wait wait don't go that way you won't be
able to get out
no you had it right yeah I just love em
they're making should be able make it to
the bottom level like where the ball
drops you should be able to glide over
there
just barely just barely boom Joey counts
a really small first time you picked
them up Joey can't feel micro-sized and
yeah they are the concept is good but
the ergonomics are bad oh yeah those joy
cons I've seen some people like hot glue
handles to like be back and I'll be
honest that looks great
I I can't wait for someone to just to
make like the plastic connector thing
that I'll snap on yeah yeah that'll be
an actual good handle that would be
great
it swells button placement placements
part of it to your thumb doesn't want to
go straight down like the way the buns
are oriented oh yeah I know and in your
right one yeah you have to reach down to
use the you guys can see my hand right
you have to like reach down to use that
thumb stick it is a pain in the butt it
sounds like jack keep saying joey gunz
yeah Joey comes can you climb the
flagpole
yes I can oh there's gonna be a guy up
there there's gonna be a seed up there
right I hope if that's on Skyward Sword
personally couldn't finish it to have
boring it was yep I finished it they're
just boring how you finish it yeah wow
that's more than I could do biggest plot
twist in a Zelda game and forever out of
it end well just just a bit of reveal
and why Zelda is important if you want
to know sure she actually is the goddess
she's the reincarnation of the goddess
who killed herself to imprison Ganon so
all of the princess Zelda's are the
goddess that they worship reincarnated
as a human okay yeah yeah have you
played just using one joy cow we only
did for that splitter clips game where
you just use the one joy Kahn there's a
racing game
that's a two-player racing game that I
was if rich didn't want to play Zelda I
thought we might play that tonight but
maybe we'll give that a go another time
actually we probably should do that and
try try it on the little screen there's
nothing this of you vistas Vista montage
go he will never say it right love it
joy Kahn I feel like I'm how are you
supposed to say it I don't know Joey
blow me blow me when I when I come on
Saturday I'll bring my switch and we'll
try that racing game up sure just to
give us something Experian
by the way vista's made a rug won the
best movie ever well as good they go
explore a model homes today look at
homes
I have not ever seen in this game I have
not yet seen something to rob in
somebody's house and I don't know I kind
of like that because it always struck me
as wrong when link would come in and
start looting and destroying furniture
yes I there was always a pinch of guilt
whenever you broke pots in people's
houses like that pot can you break it
where I'm on such a ban on breaking pot
streak I don't know if I want I can't
even you can't jump on the bed oh that's
bull hockey break the pot I can't this
is just this is just for flavor check
this hole there's nothing to do in here
can break that pot I think the reason
it's know what we mean that positive pot
inside rock safe the answer is gonna be
no no no I cannot okay are you talking
about snipper clippers for which I keep
I keep saying the name of the game wrong
its sniffer critters or sniffer clippers
or sniffer clip bird it's something and
I keep messing it up and I'm sorry it
was a fun game I was playing it I was
playing it with the boys today oh yeah
oh man and they could not stop giggling
at the goofy faces the little guys made
yeah you know like when you when you
regrow your stuff and it looks like
they're pooping oh they were cackling
rich it was great that's yeah it was it
was really fun
it snips
it's called nip slippers I doubt it
slipper nippers not like that critter
bits I think I get it confused cuz like
I just got a game for the ipad called
splitter critters it's like a little
puzzle it's a cutesy puzzle game for the
iPad yeah and so I'm getting that
confused with snipper Clippers splitter
critter snipper Clippers I don't know
and I you know what they're about to
tell me that I got that wrong now to him
so sorry
hate for grippers that's the game I
would play cuz no one's living here why
your house tick off why
and what it was another question I
missed
I'll buy this place as the boss so we
buy property in this whippersnappers hey
are you guys ready for some very
sensitive sensitively handled gay
stereotypes you ready for some some
softly sensitively handled gazed area to
the voice no no no will let his voice do
the the voice for us if you can hear it
a little eyebrow raised
my name is bolson he sings a little song
and new concern there's a little dance
like Japan always does yep he sings a
little song about his name and his
company where his bright pink pants and
a headband he's pretty adorable
nope there we go
anyway I think you said I did that one
oh god do the other one can do the other
one
my name again is bolson bolson that's my
name
shit ding that's that's my thing I say
my I sing a little song about my name
and I end it with shit ding that's
what's gonna make me the best
construction crew in town
yep I can buy it
sure ding he kind of looks like you jack
50,000 rupees oh my god it's like an old
jack yeah maybe girl my hair out a
little bit oh wow that's quite a deal
but only like 5000 but in return
don't you need you to bring me 30 wood
bundles building materials you know how
it is
never had a house in a Zelda game before
wait no we didn't Twilight Princess
started
Wow as our Hut we had a Hut technically
didn't we have one in Ocarina too just
like yeah we started a little tree house
in the whole Karnas ocarina I refused to
get it right at this point because the
name is too stupid it's what it's called
that's what the flute is called it's
called a flute but it's not a flute it's
a special thing of fluid oh he's got a
little pink earring too
oh my god that's a mirror amazingly
hilarious
Jermain clerk isn't there another word
for a small wooden bundle there is is
that on purpose that's terrible oh my
god
okay so long other I can sledgehammer
her it's been used less it's smart yeah
it's thinking it's good thinking is what
that is jack yeah all dem apples yeah
yeah you know them apples
I can't reach hardly any of them some
nightmare Apple quests become a
nightmare the Apple quest but I just
made up
you made an Apple quest nightmare that I
had to get all the apples but I didn't
get all the apples I failed no I'm sorry
I'm sorry that you failed your Apple
quest rich up here no eggs no eggs
there's eggs and trees yeah what yeah
that's crazy
have you been cooking eggs yeah nice
right there this game has everything
eggs and trees the details are kind of
amazing got eggs and trees me and what
else do you need what they even started
a little fire this could be your home
you didn't you didn't even look inside
before you said you'd buy it house for
3,000 bucks you don't have to look
inside that's a fucking bargain ok tears
they're like a trap door
all right so one over there you know
what in these little weird houses no I'm
a member you did the thing we did that
thing yeah where some of these Schmucks
that guys singing a little song that's
fergan over there with the suspenders
he's over from one two switch he doesn't
look anywhere near disgusting enough it
needs to look like rich Evans
I saw the suspenders I made the
reference that's all I got
oh great
well if she runs Oh Jack why hasn't link
mentioned whether or not to use his
focus yet that's the important question
I was so I was so happy you guys were
there with me for that glitch that was
the weirdest better use my focus glitch
and if that would have just happened to
me I might have started freaking out but
because it happened on stream and other
people could see it I felt more
comfortable with it I'm assuming there's
a story but that happens we're in this
town yes we should probably stop before
them for the sake of spoilers it's been
a long stream and you know what it's
been a relatively spoiler-free stream
because she's so much to do yeah so yes
after we're done with this little John T
edge restore town tour it's a nice town
I like this town I remember like I don't
know if you were saying this lasts on
Sunday about Hyrule and how Hyrule has
never seemed like a place worth saving
yeah this is just a barren a lot of
trees there's like one tiny village and
we're finally getting to see the full
grand yeah yeah of Hyrule
how many drinks did the focus glitch
make you drink many many drinks oh yes I
will read tips renegade Akira in fact
they actually we should have enough
juice to to make it known that heartily
heartily Jew stir up over here ok let's
see what we got here
aimless Corsair says the first time I
did weed it was a brownie in Amsterdam
it was fun at first but particularly as
we got Lost's getting back to the hostel
but then it got way too much for me the
second time was better yes edibles are a
very different high and they are usually
more potent and they turn normal pot
heads into raving lunatics please be
very careful with edibles they will fuck
your day like regular pot makes people
giggle and fall asleep edibles just over
waiting for the next thing edibles are
crazy s in 1984 says here's a tip for
that epic nut scratch one buck for each
nut lol keep up the great work
love rlm can you put a sensor bar on
that if you know what I'll see what I
can do
renegade Akira's is the difference
between zelda and horizon is scale vs.
polish you can you can fuck around in
Zelda and horizons worlds is just
breathtaking however I have to put both
on hold since near autumn came out scale
vs. polish there's kind of an argument
to be made there I don't like what is
unpack
about this not necessarily unpolished
but there's just not a lot in between
the stuff I've gone yeah but that makes
it feel real sure but as opposed to
there being just shit crammed in all
over the place
hmm yeah but all the shit makes sense
this this is Hyrule
oh it's been 10 minutes since I've seen
oh no that is not true unless you just
took a really just bland path by chance
I'm always finding some little thing
there I guess what I will say is there
is an argument to be made for scale
versus polish this world is
significantly larger than horizon zero
dawn and running on hardware that is
less powerful so if you're gonna argue
like graphical polish there's well
there's reasons for these things
this is the more stylized look which I
like yeah I really enjoy the look of
this game and I really enjoy the scale
yeah oh I thought you walked around for
10 minutes you don't see anything the
the argument with scale versus politics
okay I was plating the argument as
someone who enjoys going for walks in
the woods and camping it's a great game
just hey I walk Oh like you know what
you will find yourself doing in this
game so often is is you start up the
game and you go okay I got my quit wait
what's that thing over there then you
just go over there there's a question
though yeah sure is that here's the
drawback how replayable will this be
there's no replaying this game well
after that after that discovery is gone
because like it's just you just keep
playing the same game until you've
discovered everything and then as soon
as that discovery spark is gone oh then
it's useless but okay okay but that's
fine no we've been having we've been
having I've been having a lot of fun
playing it mm-hmm
now that I'm in the right mindset oh and
Ali raza says Jack when you play Marvel
legendary how do you decide how to set
up your game mastermind villain schemes
heroes etc right question I have trouble
coming up with good combinations that
work well together well Ally Raza well
there is a dedicated app it's free by
the way there's a free app called
assemble it's it's available to find it
is just called a symbol it's just called
a symbol if you go if you have a
smartphone either you know go to the App
Store the iPhone app store or go to the
Android app store like Marvel Legends
Assemble it's just a it's just called
assembly but but also there's other
options so so just go to your app store
and type in Marvel legendary and then
you can type in what expansions you have
you can type in difficulty level you can
type a number of players and it will
give you exactly the cards to pull and
it's great it's it's usually like
usually what we'll do is we'll use that
as a jumping off point for schemes and
bad guys and whatnot and then it's like
if we've played with a guy too many
times I will switch them out for this or
that so it's it's a great app we use it
all the time so yeah Assemble
I believe I won the last two games we
played you did you know that means which
we need another game night or else
Lisa's gonna be pissed
more importantly rich Lisa lost she's
cut there
yeah your wife asked your wife was
cutthroat god she's a monster
and she and she knows she lost
marvel all the crap what so so yeah
that's what we use we use the app and
every once in a while we'll we'll make
up our own game and you get to learn the
difficulties all right great
that is all that we now get to the
segments of the show in which we thank
all the people who have subscribed to us
during this is a show now that's a weird
terminology just right what's the
definition of a show
what's the what do we what's going on
here
alright so much like spax Spore who has
recent wente 5 fucking months in a row
max forces 25 months oh my god that's
fine that's fine you did it you did it
fine
I was trying I'm I'm inimitable no but
you did it fine great oh my god that's
like it's up down up oh my god even
higher yeah yeah yeah I'm trying to get
it blend Oh 75 rotoscope ik says best of
the wild breath of the worst pain tickle
it's already a pain in my ass every day
I open the news feeds and CB o TW o
who's talking about I would just tell
them humberto cabbage patch for twenty
six fucking months in a row somebody has
to be creeping up on 36 yeah we gotta
get so we gotta get something ready like
we better have it by next stream where
all hell's gonna start breaking loose
Humberto says lol choke my chicken
heliosphere 1969 maximum pad a smug
gofer cold hard true bad or very tough
okay
epic menu got fired at 42:26 fucking
months in a row says congrats on the
success of the stream and your rrom
projects thank you thank you doctor
smoke trees this is rich ready to admit
he fell for the Russian propaganda about
Hillary and Trump is far worse than she
ever could have been when when did I
thank you thank you for subscribing
Jesus Christ thank you for subscribing I
don't like either of them and I still
don't like either of them deal deal with
that goose cos 33 fucking months in a
row broth 44 Night Elf boobs says well
prereq ever stop streaming on a third
night of the week
love the stream no current plans - no
current plans do you know children as
they get older and need me less it's one
of those things where you know what we
remember
hey I'm shocked you're not sick of us
with two days a week right in all
honesty right that's the surprising part
and you know we started with just one
day a week and then we we actually just
added a jack solo stream Sunday thinking
that rich wouldn't want to come - okay
so I'm sure up to two days a week we are
treading lightly in this streaming world
as we don't want to overstay our welcome
so oh I mean we're out of things to talk
about as it is right as it is Jack
Saturday weeks
oh my god it could be bad but you could
add so that if we had a third day a week
we would also need another day just to
like watch movies and stuff to give us
stuff to talk about on the stream no I'm
sorry Mike and Jay we can't film the
best of the worst today rich and Jack
need to read comic books all day so we
have something to talk about on our new
Friday stream
actually that sounds kind of great let's
do that Oh bother
22 fucking months in a row says Double
Deuce the check notices dude 21 fucking
months in a row
galactic Shawn Lord Belmont for twenty
four fucking months a neurosis two years
of giving you my money you hack frauds
foamy KITT grow ve no I know I can't
tell you about secret rlm projects if
there were secret rlm projects then they
would be secret think about that first I
can slug you briefs like look you bris
I think it's lugubrious that's what I'm
gonna say sure says keep it up gents
okay from the fifth double bond Sheldon
Shibboleth says six months of forgiving
Jeff Bezos money do you hack frauds jr.
Lovecraft says check what who was muck
from Pokemon and does he poop pee and
drool all over himself
my clinical instructor used him as an
example of colon colon a colon urgent
crisis amok is a Pokemon who is made up
of muck he's like this blobby Pokemon
monster I think they said he was made
from toxic Google so it's like I don't
think he's poop and pee we do have to
assume because he is a living creature
that he does excrete waste fluid but
he's also made out of waste fluid so
perhaps that just makes him larger
Pokemon I I'm not Pokemon biologist so I
cannot help you out there I'm sorry
Master Kenobi double-oh-seven
thirty three fucking months in a row
since you know thing no getting closer
to three years keep up the great work
we say a35 yet I think we've seen a 35
then we need something I know we do
TC better live says woo all right JJ Chi
Kerr for 14 months in a row JJ shaker
says rich Evans is the greatest treasure
of all and Jack is okay too
the real net boy says Klaatu Barada
nikto sounds evil deadish oh so Sarah go
Bunga Doug
for 30 fucking months in a row Bunga
Doug says last month it was read wrong
so let's try this again because of our
LM life is more rich no one Jack's me
around and my kid or not it's all going
to be oj no joshan that's scared I like
that cute
I like that can you see my finger
waggling it's cute
we got a told Josh he got sent more
beard stuff oh yeah yeah
he loves that beard stone Ohio Valley
beard place they gave him more stuff he
loves that stuff he loves that stuff and
now his beard smells fantastic like
smelling his beard that's I haven't done
that that's the common weird no rich
it's common courtesy if anyone has a
very large beard you're supposed to
smell their beard and say that it smells
what if I got a lot of like hair on my
butt is that common courtesy to come and
sniff my butt is it is that your butt
hair a beard no and get it together you
just go around and smell them body hair
beards its body hair
snake lots of fives Edgar Allan a ho Poe
says thank you rich for being a good
mascot for us boring straightedge people
you're welcome
you are the king of the straightedges
you know why you never mentioned
you never go around telling people that
you're straightedge okay you never like
that
I knew some straightedge people in high
school and like it was a big deal for
them like in high school like a
straightedge man all the way and like
they would like when you're vegan yeah
that was the first hey man I'm straight
edge all right and no she's third things
I choose not to do I don't make a big
fucking deal out of it that's why you're
the king
okay with the straightedges space Jack
2084 for 12 months in a row says hot
damn a whole year since I came out of
the shadows thank you guys for all the
yucks
and what nots Sam be dicks oh gee shots
for 30 fucking months in a row says hey
guys thanks for the great and
entertaining streams glad to add my
support have a great evening
rambunctious rapscallion rapscallion
rapscallion vendor 'if the what though
I'm sorry the Walter melon the Walter
melon that's just as hard to say as you
think it is we'll leave it off there for
you on the table the traveler speaks
says Jack but remember your first laksa
should be restaurant quality otherwise
it would be like losing your virginity
to an ugly old fat yin flat-chested
smelly funny tasting whore that's a very
specific kind of whore what's that what
sort of experience did you have Vance
says five months of streaming and
dicking a black mark so are we are we
assuming that like that's like a black
mark like on a piece of paper yes or is
that his name is mark and there are
several marks that he is around often
so he's the black mark or he's just an
african-american person named mark he's
a black mark he's white well other marks
in this world
I I assume that you is the only one that
is african-american you you only need
something that's specific when there are
multiple marks like oh yeah there's
there's mark and blue smarts calling
with a cue mark with a cue I don't know
I don't know what you want to make out
of that interesting
midnight Andy 17 months and a roses hi
guys
is it wrong to ignore every other game
for the ps4 while just replaying
blood-borne no it is not it's not wrong
I know that's that's by the way I would
love to do that I would love to do that
since since they fixed Arkham Knight and
PC and I picked it up when it was on
sale it is now the blood-borne is just
it's it that and before horizon but I've
got a misha's with that right the ps4 is
just a blood-borne so it's still just a
blood-borne machine with me that's what
I'm looking for are like specials
notation or or like runner-up status
sure to horizon zero dawn okay let me
use a fucking Mouse Prix don't ask me to
hit these tiny fast-moving things the
fucking analog stick maybe one day maybe
one day and Jack Lamont thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we really do I don't regret my
voting choices fuck off have a good
