Apr 23, 2017
Shovel Knight
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/145045681
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/145047213
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rsclDhJSt3Y
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K-wXUNdc-sQ
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/856229133596200960

[Part I]
and their shovel light all right I'm
going to continue on things going on
chattering now this there's a thing
going on in the chat you're stepping on
the cord
Bayonetta Bayonetta she just like waitin
male masturbation sex fantasy material
or she just a character who embraces her
own sexuality I don't I don't I don't
think that Bayonetta is super fucking
hot or anything she can is she be both I
suppose yes good shoot I think I think I
think I think like um I don't know
damn fucking carrot Nier automata yeah
run around that bear wet ass yeah this
that's far more uh sex object kind of
deal
as you compared to bayonet agreed well
because as soon as far as in the first
couple of hours there was no hint of a
character of that hot wet ass in Nier
automata mm-hmm but Bayonetta she is she
has a clear character and part of her
character is embracing her own
femininity and God bless her Ford just
am I getting levels am i testing yeah
yeah yeah see your your belief in your
blooper mic sound bad
we sound weird we sound weird that's
what I'm hearing sound is really bad is
it I wasn't recording the camera are we
getting here are we set up properly with
the subject wait we recently used the
microphones and our audio recording
equipment for something else
ah yeah so it's entirely possible
something except wrong mics it sounded
like a phone mic well that's not how
it's supposed to be which makes me
wonder if we're not recording audio from
the fucking cam uh you know what it
looks like we actually are I alright
sound quality about to get better
okay what what what what in the butt
okay I just switched over to our h6 and
so tell me if everything sounds normal
now
yes fixed hey welcome there we go sorry
about that everyone it's it's not quite
a prereq stream unless we're either late
or there's a technical difficulty and we
weren't that late today it wasn't that
big a technical issue because you solve
it real quick that well you know the
grand scheme of things still pretty good
we've been doing this long enough that's
a Bayonetta what we were talking about
was Bayonetta Rich's question was wishy
purely a fanservice sex object or did
you say a a well-realized character who
happens to enjoy her sexuality that's
what she is
100% she is a a fully she is a deep
character because I like that character
yeah and it's not because I think she's
hot I think she's a fun care you know
what there's an added bonus that's icing
on the cake that's there's there's
plenty of shots of her walking away that
I enjoy but you know what it doesn't
matter because they gave her a full
character okay she she has up she has
downs we know what her goals are we know
where she comes from and we know that
she embraces her own womanhood I am NOT
eating the mic mic is like two feet from
my goddamn face it's Rich's magical
voice yeah
rich has a magical voice so so no no the
she's a whoa a great character she's a
wonderful character okay we did play
ignite already so what we want to do is
Specter night
specter of torment that's what we're
playing tonight ah she literally looks
like a Barbie do you find a Barbie to be
sexually attractive is my question to
you it's an exaggeration it's a
character it's not a turn-on
okay esse Sara Lee I'm gonna be ghosty
her character wait is that supposed to
be a negative thing
I is just a debate it's the debate about
whether or not Bayonetta is a sex object
or something I don't know
but see that like that's that's so
that's the thing is like Bayonetta is
not a sex object a sex object is
something that has no life of its own
right it exists only only to be used
exactly that's what an object is in
Bayonetta is a character who happens to
be saying that he uses huh Bayonetta
uses shit yeah she does she's great
bayonet is great
bayonet is fantastic that's that's you
know that was one of my favorite parts
is just just her as a character yeah
yeah long ago the lands were untamed and
room by legendary adventurers and you
know she wears her hair that's kind of
disgusting really well switch it switch
hair which I really don't know like we
don't know like if that's like if it's
better than the other hair you know
they're not gonna be happy unless it's
her armpit hair ooh
Bayonetta she if she were wearing her
armpit hair then it would be fine we
have to assume some of its her armpit
hair I mean she if she can grow it out
that means she can suck it back in -
right ever really changed the game
wouldn't it but I mean if you think
about it you never see her hair attached
to her you see it going like a portal
it's like she she like lifting her arms
and the hair we're going into like two
little portals when she'd heard her
demon attacks that would be different
well know what here's here's my thought
is I'm thinking that her outfit is her
armpit and nether hair okay because it's
not connected to her top hair at all and
then she has to suck it in is huh it is
it doesn't look like it is it goes it
goes part of it center bundle in part
goes back down into her shoulders where
it kind of merges in with her outfit I
guess I didn't pay that much attention
whoo-hoo okay look you can climb up
walls but so now with with plague nights
an issue I had with it it was there was
the exact same maps yeah just with plug
night oh you can only climb up these
walls and I was told that with this
there are new maps so I'm excited about
that
so what is this call this is a shovel oh
did you do in that update Jamie we
didn't have take charity
oh I thought we were on top of it shovel
Mairead this is uh this is a specter of
torment is the name of this
the master yes we both did we both we
both beat Bayonetta yeah in general I
don't know jack yeah how did you know I
love the character do you want to spin
you on spoiler before the road before it
comes out I love that you sure I love
the character okay I love I love the
idea of fast paced action game I just
didn't find that many of the actual
combat encounters that's satisfying
overall not a fun enemies to fight this
is annoying this annoying class swipey
guys came up a lot yep I did not like
fighting like angel boats angel boats
this big angel go that Oh God
uh and most of the boss fights I didn't
care much for because most of the boss
fights turned into repetitive wait for
your moment and then part do a quick
time event yeah overall the only saving
grace to Bayonetta
is the wonderful character of Bayonetta
it is super repetitive it is long
stretches of boring it gets old really
fast without the good character this
would have been this would have been a
forgotten I like the the Shawn fights oh
the jean fights are fantastic not not
but not not technically the last boss
right running boss right before the last
boss I like that fight yeah fucking a
lot of QuickTime events in the boss
fights very unsatisfying trip try
refreshing I had just updated twitch
yeah sorry about that
we we thought we were intelligent you've
all got the email that we were playing
that we were playing a are we playing
last time always hated the Angels in
Bayonetta they would look great if it
was a comic but they're too obnoxious
and weird that's actually close to a
biblical description of an angel though
they're supposed to
horrific and fearsome angels are not
supposed to be beautiful uh-huh that's
if you think that because of
Michelangelo paintings but but if you
look at the fiction uh there's the
hideous monstrous some of them have like
three heads and like a lion and an eagle
I like their they're not humans with
wings right and you know what I actually
really liked the Angels the problem was
that's all you fought for 90% of the
game that that opening scene you know we
we did that live that that opening scene
where you're first fighting the Angels
that was super fun they come down and
the other beasts as great but how about
some fucking variety
oh fuck you but rich just call the Bible
fiction what else would you call it
damn we're gonna play a little story
game called rich in jacker unapologetic
atheist we've talked about this many
times it's not a big deal
and it's really not a big deal we try
not to get militant unless you bring it
up so try not to bring it up oh I like
the little skull fangs I like those like
those little jumpy parts ah fuck you too
what okay I get it
been in the two fixes all the issues you
have with it you know what I would be
really interested in playing Bayonetta 2
because I think some of some of Vendetta
was good there was a lot of good in
there like her characters yeah yeah one
of our one of our biggest problems again
this is a little spoiler for the review
that's about to come out is there were
too many combo options and a lot of them
none of them were useful well I think
the biggest problem was there was no
space to practice your combos because
the game the game had this this area
where you were supposed to practice your
combos during the loading screens but
the game loaded too fucking fast and so
you could never practice your combos and
so it just there we go nice I just
wanted to I wanted a blank area to
practice all my combos and I never got
that you could have redone the tutorial
whatever bro give it make it make this
tutorial button a button to get out
instead of automatically getting out
once you load it they give you all of
those moves all like like this spin
thing you could do and it would you'd be
able to do the 360 gun that was never
useful that was all that was never
useful yeah I agree
the you would breakdance
yep and you would do like the two short
combos a lot cuz that's what would kind
of work yeah you know it's just it was
just about how can you get to that hair
combo to quickest to sort my mice or I
use the sword a lot so I'm like my
basically for me it was all just why why
why why why mm-hm sometimes why why why
why why why a or B oh fuck fuck oh
what you didn't want to play the game
six or seven times to master everything
for shape no I you know why I didn't
want to do that because it got really
boring and repetitive really boring and
repetitive and we're already going
through the same levels one four or five
times with different skins so then you
replay the game and then you're going
through the same levels a dozen times oh
oh my god nice suck and I think I even
said in the review I don't know what's
gonna leave it in that like mastery
could have been the issue still still
sure my first time through certainly not
that said I'm not a I'm not like I hated
it but you know not that satisfying yeah
it really it really wasn't and you know
what it like the boss fights let
definitely leave a sour taste
nothing nothing changes the fact that I
don't like most of the major boss fights
and and that's a huge part of the game
and like it leaves a sour taste shit
neo xed says hey guys keep up the fun
stuff I was wondering how you guys ended
up having Tim hydaker over for that
episode of half in the bag was he
familiar with you guys before how'd that
come about Mike and jr. really the one
thing I don't know how that came about
because I wasn't involved in like any of
the communication the actually that day
I think I had something else going on
somewhere else and I wasn't even here I
also wasn't here yeah
what I can what I know for sure is that
Tim and Neil hamburger were doing a tour
and they were in Milwaukee as part of
their tour I don't want to say anything
cuz like I said I didn't really have any
communication with them personally but I
think I'm just a fan of our stuff wanted
to go just do a little something helps
out yeah I think that's all that was oh
absolutely and and they just happened to
be in town and yeah happened to have a
free day and it just it worked out
work down that way that wasn't a that
wasn't a have our people call your
people situation that was just that hey
I'd be really neat if we could do this
and it worked out one of the one of the
downsides of working out of Milwaukee is
uh is not a lot of people come through
here screech uh we got you we got
screech and sometimes people come
through on tour RC MCM e84 says hey guys
can't stay tonight
here's some money towards the save the
wheel fun hahahaha what what will happen
to the wheel I have known I mean it's
it's in the garbage as far as you know
the real it's the last it's the last
wheel episode was the last one it's
lasted so I'm sorry I know people enjoy
it a lot yeah and those episodes are
liked but we're never gonna do it again
because because the wheel broke weirdly
in half
that is so fucking odd right the way it
broke oh nice
mr. says hey guys hi mister I used to
live two blocks from the Avalon in
Milwaukee it's a great theater so I'm so
so glad I moved out of WI awful weather
Cryptosporidium in the water well that
that's like a decade ago yeah and
everyone was miserable
how can you stand it you could barely it
wasn't my fucking idea to come up here
maybe you were just hanging out with
dickheads I don't know I got the fever
after crack that's that's on you man
there is a comical amount of state pride
it was good yeah every snow it's not
Illinois doesn't give a fuck about the
state we like people in Chicago you
think they give the Illinois still
Illinois that you know you know you
don't think no I grew up there I know
but maybe that's a weird thing for us
then but hey I'm okay with that
tell someone up here I'm originally from
Chicago they look at you like
disgustedly well you are Sports rival
you know you know III meet someone from
Wisconsin when I lived in Illinois yeah
oh let's not miss my husband is a nice
up there someone from up here finds out
it from Illinois the bear shock okay
it's called a bubbler I think people up
here you you they like to call water
fountains bubblers bubblers yeah cuz the
water bubbles up from them no it doesn't
there is no bubbling at all involved
with a water fountain II like bubbles up
no it doesn't i like it like bwabba--
live the bubbler it's like a spring like
a phone there are absolutely no bubbles
involved no bubbling action no gurgling
a stream it's a fucking stream that
shoots out when you push in the lever
bubble and then you don't get confused
with what a real water fountain is water
fountain is you know like something
that's in a park with water coming out
of it that's water found as a fountain
with water in it like that's a real
water fountain
there we go that's how I did it that's
how I do I've been trying to get that
Skellington so from what we use this for
last is my volume actually turned up too
high on the knobs no it's everything
everything show you sure everything
should be is it's between five and six
which is where we always have it at
people still complaining that your
sellout
yeah okay hey someone say tell me is
rich significantly louder than me or are
we both just loud and if we're both just
loud you can turn your sound down right
dream a good dream root ek saying volume
all good then I'm not gonna worry about
rich you're too quiet it's great sounds
great
okay I've heard enough people say it's
great where it's fine great I'm gonna be
fine
but I don't know i-i've oh I like buddy
you know I grew up over here so it's
like I'm not also not married to calling
it a bubbler but that's what's like as
that makes sense to me
it's a bubbler so basically people from
Wisconsin are snobby about being from
Wisconsin yeah again I just think I
don't get it you're just right don't
kittens that's not all people from
Wisconsin you're just running in my
asshole's and you know like what if you
lived right by the Avalon in that's like
hipster neighborhood so yeah maybe you
ran into some assholes but you know
that's going to happen no matter where
you live the hassles are everywhere
there's not a lot you can do about it we
chat we tried the compressor it didn't
work the compressor did not work yeah if
you if chat remembers and obviously you
don't the compressor gave an unbearable
hum to everything if you remember we
tried a compressor and then there was an
awful hum
a buzzing-noise which could have been
ants in the compressor we found out that
the compressor had ants in it do you
remember that man everybody used
compressor a gun Jack I think that's the
lesson learned here hey it was our first
time using it I didn't want to like I
didn't want to like spend a bunch of
money on something that I would end up
waste you know like nice death metal
6-1-6 get on my back because they had
ants in it this is rich today I watched
recipe for disaster on YouTube what
exactly was going on in that movie was
it supposed to be abstract curious what
you and Mike were trying to accomplish
we're trying to accomplish Mike was in
town and he likes to just put me on
camera and do weird things yeah that's
what Mike enjoys doing for this free
time apparent no Mike has made a career
out of that rich I'm sorry that's no
longer a hobby for Mike that is bidness
that hum meant everything to me
hmm oh yeah there's someone someone was
remembering the hum a Leon the hum of
the ooh what oh my god
what he's got a dinosaur now that's
great
get out of here Black Knight you dick
I've got decent mile track
you might be you might be fuck jack oh
that's possible now you're doing good
you're doing good I don't know Oh stay
on target
stay on target Moki b85 says hi wreckers
hello
Moki watching some past periodic
episodes like the order 1886 that's
growing remember that shit
yeah final boss fight was a recycled
QuickTime event and ends on a gunshot
cut to black like what tough what the
fuck with love Moki
oh the order Oh God
here's here's the great thing I will say
about the order because it was so short
we were able to play the whole thing
film an episode and get it out and
relatively short amount of time we
didn't have to worry about no darn 20
hours of gameplay there
insulin King 2016 says evening guys
RiffTrax did samurai comp last week and
it was great but they came up with a
rocking action theme song and the lyrics
are killer oh you should check it out if
you can stay great right
right ain't got nothing against the
RiffTrax people no I they involved with
the Mystery Science Theater reboot
Reeves revival er I mean I know it's a
fairly the cast and the writers are all
fairly new I think some of the old
people might be involved I honestly
don't know because I've never been a
huge fan and I haven't seen the right
right so lots of nose in the chat what
I'm severe attract people yeah well cuz
rift rack and cinematic titanic were
both old former Mystery Science Theater
people right so if if I know anything
and I don't know hello what
Damon I know people says rich and Jake
injustice fun fact number one injustice
you can play as Steven was it our nose
or ml's
green arrow I think it's ml's Arsenal's
could be an RNN or could be an EM you
know we don't really know was a little
little small a little bump a PS walk for
science rich what's the deal with all
the walk for science thing I know they I
know there was a thing
yeah there's I don't know what it was oh
it's it was it's just one of those uh
the idea behind it is a big showing of
support for evidence-based policies okay
so good it was just one of those one of
those things I like anger and get behind
that you know like obviously like with
the Trump administration they're kind of
gutting the EPA Environmental Protection
Agency's and Trump himself is a climate
change denier and so it was just one of
those hey what if we used evidence in
our policy
um I'm not many rush to get involved
with politics but I science yeah yeah
and I went to the walk here in Milwaukee
it's it's our best method of
understanding the world around us right
and and history's proven that we've
gotten many great benefits out of
science ah yes the fact that you're
watching this right now is because of
science science exactly that's not Jesus
didn't do that hey Jesus didn't give you
your your fucking iPhone that was
science we we also we respect your right
to your faith and you know your beliefs
are your beliefs as long as they don't
wreck our day you can believe whatever
you want as long as it doesn't fuck with
us so it was a here in Milwaukee
actually a large amount of people turned
out a shocking amount of people turned
out and it started kind of downtown by
the by the the rep and basically we just
walked we walked a fair distance in a
circle yeah
and are there people there talking there
were you know like community if sign up
events there were like hey get on the
phone call list to call Congress people
it was it was a really nice event
everybody had amusing signs ran into a
lot of people melius and the boys went
okay they got a little bored after a
while because they thought we were going
to look for science and we kept trying
to explain to them like no science isn't
like a glowing ball that we can find the
science is everywhere and they're like
yeah but on the walk we're gonna find
science right it's like well that's not
huh hey quick science is a pokemon
exactly they thought that was on so and
so it was just like well kind of but not
oh how do you explain that to children
to dumb children so it was just they got
a little bored after a while but a wild
anthropology has appeared all they would
have been different
it would have been so happy no
anthropology you know what I should have
I should have busted out the only for
Astrophysics I want a shiny astrophysics
okay you know what can I just can I just
let him go the the anthropologists
should we should have bought I got I got
I got three of those two worthless
they're worthless they're worthless
I should have you know what I didn't
think about it I should have busted out
the Pokemon go I didn't think about him
brace 110 says hey fellow atheists let
me ask you what is your genuine opinion
about AdBlocker
honestly look at it as a consumer not
creator very curious to know thanks I
want so so here here's the ups and downs
yeah here's here's what we got abs do
like as a YouTube ads do very little for
us yeah
but they still do something I think we
talked about this before like you're
talking about like a buck about every
thousand views not a lot maybe like if
you're lucky if you're lucky you get a
buck a thousand views right which is not
a lot of money but the reason you're
doing that you're getting so low is
because so many people use ad blockers
that being said you're messing up the
system you're messing up the numbers
you're messing up you're messing up
everything I don't know how I can best
explain this well as an atheist my
opinion an ad blocker would be
absolutely no different where is East ah
thank you that's the first thing I don't
think I need to plan on us I love to be
like ah a rich what is this the thing we
want to uh I know I I don't use one but
any any any YouTube ad that doesn't
entertain me I'm very quick to hit the
skip button
absolutely well and advertisers are
starting to learn that and they're
starting to get more clever with their
ads and more importantly they're
starting to get shorter and to the point
but ads don't really do anything
mm-hmm it's really hard you know as
someone who has created advertisement
for the web and created pre-roll ads
that like I've done that in the past
where it's like we have to make some
short and to the point so people don't
skip it right then tracking it what the
other side of ad agencies do is they
track ad views to tangible results like
if a hundred people view this ad how
many of those people will go to our
website so few of the ads I see are
things I would actually be interested in
purchasing anyway that's the problem
yeah and then it's it's it's like so-so
but that's part of what Google does is
like they try to with algorithms figure
out what people want to see which ads
but it's still a it's a big gamble and
so the ad industry is is you know in a
constant state of flailing not all ads
are skippable yeah but they're usually
very short I'll put up a 15 seconds I'll
put up with that
I mean I'm old though I remember
actually having to deal with commercial
pranks like when I used to watch the
Discovery Channel you know back when
they actually had worthwhile content
yeah oh god they were the worst with
commercials
can you remember like how much of myth
myth busters was you see like a minute a
show you get fifty of the five minutes
of fucking advertisement you know then
they come back to the show thirty
seconds is fucking recap of the shit
they just did then you get thirty
seconds a new content then you get
another fucking five minute block of
commercials
oh I remember so relatively speaking
yeah fifteen seconds ain't nothin
fifteen seconds and sometimes that's for
like like fur for us I run for our cut
up streams I run one ad every half an
hour so if we if we have a you know at
the beginning and ever then every half
an hour at the end so if we have a
two-hour stream on YouTube what are you
getting there one two three four five
you're getting five five commercials for
two hours that's nothing okay nothing
so and just just remember this is how
people make money and if you want the if
you want the shows if you want the shows
to you know keep being shows the the
least you could do is view ads on them
mmm and then and then you have to start
talking about stuff like you know
patreon and and the tips for us and
doing others to buying merchandise is
super important like there's so many
things that you can do to help a creator
but the least you could do is ads and so
you're going out of your way to hurt
creators with that black adblock is
going out of your way to hurt creators
but if you're actually going on your way
to support them block those fucking ads
on a give a shit
you know what I will say this there are
there are some people who like like I'm
a patron of something right and they
still run ads on their YouTube videos
and you have to go come on come I'm
looking at you red letter media and you
should have like why you running ads you
you have you have the support that you
need I shouldn't be seeing an ad i I'm
just joking I don't for hacks and frauds
your hats and prods oh I don't support
red letter media on patreon so let's you
know well that's why we have ads Jack
cuz I mean
what what the threat of them being able
to demonetised video or someone else
being able to swoop in and monetize your
video you know it makes a lot of sense
to not be dependent on those ads makes a
lot of sense
oh well and and you which is why the
other things are important for the for
the food for the content creators oh
right well and and you know as far as
ads are concerned playing uh so many
like youtubers who I follow have talked
about like playing the YouTube game
about you know getting content out fast
like this is end and cheap like reaction
videos you know those Collider videos
that everyone seems to love to hate that
the nerd crew rips on it's like that's a
way to get content out fast let's play
videos the whole the whole uprising of
let's play videos is literally part of
this system of getting content out every
single day that's easy to edit huh with
recognizable things like a video game
that you love which is why I YouTube
channel is doing so well we don't really
Let's Plays right new live streams are
very different very different very very
different but but yeah obviously we got
into the game a little late yeah uh and
you know we're we're weird jack I'm not
sure who we appeal to right really these
people these people I'm not sure why but
the the moral of the story here is if
you use ad blocker what you are you are
going out of your way to hurt content
creators and if that's something you
want sure but I don't know why I don't
know why these people give you
entertainment and all they ask for is a
little bit of your time David I know
people since rich can you sell me the
comics please how do I get in touch
oh so is someone still asking for your
comic book collection I don't know that
I'm getting I don't even know that I am
getting rid of them yet
so you're premature if I ever actually
do decide to get rid of them you'll
probably hear about it oh just think
there we go
Oh nothin interesting no it's just like
stats yeah just that's what you find
purple space bazooka says evening guys
apologies that this is asked earlier in
the stream height but you will you be
playing the new Mario Kart and stream
I'm getting it soon and we'd love to be
a part of a prereq racing night thanks
I feel two ways this entirely up you
right I feel two ways about this range
yeah
one I kind of want the new Mario Kart
yeah
not because it'll be anything different
than the old Mario Kart but because my
kids play my Wii U all the time so I can
have a play Mario Kart it and so it's
like just getting a copy that I can play
Mario Kart on would be great but also
the mario kart mario kart deluxe Mario
Kart 8 deluxe is nothing but the old
Mario Kart with a DLC package on it hmm
and I hate that and I hate that
that being said I'm probably I mean you
know what and if we stream it then I can
definitely justify getting it so yes
absolutely answers yes
are they coming up and for all on one
thing we've never we've never done smash
have we not no never
not once there is no announcement for a
Super Smash Brothers no oh well then
just wait it'll it'll be O of course
it'll it'll be it'll be the exact one
that came out with for the Wii U with
some DLC added on top no hey nobody
bought that version I let it go to waste
Jack what I think get the choose who you
fight interesting I think
says the overworld map gone in this
apparently interesting interesting but
it wouldn't be fair I've never played
smash and you're you're you're you're
fairly enthusiastic about it I like
smash a lot I mean I would make for a
great Jack punching bag that stream well
that's what that'll be fine
oh yeah sure well yeah well that'll be
fine and you know what we can probably
get we can probably get some they'll
probably have some sort of online play
where we can get people to play with us
what what characters do Jack and rich
main in brawl well I haven't played
smash anything since I rented the very
first one on n64 once when I was much
younger and he really cared for really
much it's loud to me it's a it's a
fantastic fighting game because of the
sumo rules bullshit well I'm a
single-player guy and right until I
until I met you none of my friends were
in the game Mike and Jay don't give a
shit right well well we're gonna change
that rich ah that was always to be the
fun thing about smash as compared to
other fighting games in Smash goes by
sumo rules which is you know not not who
can just defeat the most not who can
defeat the most hit points but who can
throw the other player out of the arena
and hit points just make them easier to
throw the arena so it adds this this fun
like a visceral feel to it just like
smacking your opponent outside of the
arena is incredibly satisfying
until box of doom says hey guys my
girlfriend is huge our Ellen fan but
she's really sick tonight it would mean
a lot if you could say feel better uni
pronounced uni oh that's right I got a
right thank you guys and hashtag rich
suck my cock hashtag and we hash tagging
this I got a hashtag rich suck my cock
which not gonna happen I'm not gonna
happen
yeah rich doesn't swim Ellen but your
girlfriend wouldn't mind map I mean also
your girlfriend's listening in he just
said that she's listening in so it's
like are you sure you want to make this
proposition think about that man hey
they could be into some kinky shit check
oh I think I don't think I can go there
huff hearted says good evening rich and
Jack good evening
in college I once was asked to play in a
weird band that played songs from video
game levels mostly from Super Metroid
what is your favorite video game music
slash soundtrack you know while I enjoy
the classics my answers is usually is
usually the risk of rain soundtrack
which is a soundtrack that I just
listened to
shit shit shit on my own I'm assuming
these would have to be able I couldn't
pick like the grand theft auto san
andreas soundtrack yeah the scores right
that's right your scores it's not it
that's not an easy question I know it's
not amazing the intro music from the NES
Ninja Gaiden 2 did wait that's the first
one I don't know they're both those are
both got the intro song from folk those
games are good first one goes more like
the dead end dead end dude it did it did
two dead it turnitin dead antenna that
was good
alright the second one goes this is
disgust slow built up to epicness dun
dun
Oh dun dun dun da da
don't I just go more epic every time
they go through it and oh what's what's
what how's it go the one from Mega Man 2
I get it stuck in my head for weeks at a
time and now I can't even think how it
frickin goes it's like this first or
second wily stage and it's like the best
megaman music ah you got me man
you know what game i always forget about
when we talk about great video game
soundtracks is a kata mari de Maseeh yep
that's a fucking wonderful soundtrack no
no no no no no no no I got a Maori
diamond tintin tintin tintin every song
is you know at least for the first for
the first game like every song was this
weird quirky thing also Japanese and
weird is great that was a great
soundtrack Oh
whoa I like a lot of it No More Heroes
music ah you would know for a while I
like those games whoa
I've admitted that a lot of the appeal
for No More Heroes to me it's it's it's
it's characters and and cutscenes and
music makes up for gameplay which isn't
the best it's good it's decent a good
character can go a long way
looking at you Bayonetta a good
character can go a long way to redeem
negative qualities of a game or movie
right like or anything
I know oh hello
yes Philistine Philistine is a great
song a No More Heroes - but I can't sing
it and I should not sing it sounds like
this is something you should sing as I
guess what I'm hearing oh shit oh shit
basically it's the boss a song and
basically it's about how she's very hot
and how he's such a loser that's kind of
how the lyrics go if I'd saying that it
would just be weird on so many levels
it sounds like yeah there's something
you should sing yeah I guess is what I'm
hearing
this sounds like a perfect rich Evan
songs please don't sing it read ciao
I have no intention of singing
Philistine
JRR Lovecraft says yep
when people are told a bearded white man
in a bathrobe is watching and judging
everything they think and do that person
should call the police not worship them
as infallible I thought you're talking
about Santa Claus for a little bit well
you know is there really all that much
difference you want to talk about you
know what rich you want to talk about
one of the greatest backfires of all
time Christmas yeah
oh the Christians thought they were
gonna lock everyone down well get Santa
Claus will get presents
everybody's gonna celebrate Christmas
and remember Jesus her ultimate backfire
people love giving gifts they love Santa
what's what's wait what's waiver on this
occasion huh oh hey guess what I'm
making an epic fail compilation
Christmas gave Bill Riley something to
go on and on about you know back and he
was still employed ah
before he selects really harassed a
bunch of women fluctuate I said Bill
O'Reilly likes being inappropriate with
women now floors 94 for this cos on much
longer sees lucky Jack but what adds
what and fuck adds yes that's how we
make money dog we can't lose now all we
can do about the situation tips and sub
says no ads are part of it sure that's a
part of it I'm saying if you're helping
us out and you want to block some man
alright the you know the entire the
problem is then you're throwing all the
analytics that make a point of being a
subscribers they don't get ads right but
here's here's where here's where the
logic starts to me yeah yeah let's let's
have an extreme example okay let's say
all of our YouTube viewers decide to
become a subscriber to us
and so are all of our YouTube viewers
then say okay then it is okay for me to
block sure ads on YouTube sure we don't
get a ton of views right but every
single viewer then so none of our videos
make any money for us on YouTube or more
important at that point we're getting
1,000 more subs than we were before
I'm just about to get to it yeah more
importantly who's not making money in
this occasion in this equation YouTube
YouTube that's true and then that's true
and then you have a lot of big channels
doing the same thing and then you - and
oh you tubes on by Google it doesn't
matter but it does matter because that's
the platform in which you watch it cuz
if they're not making any more money and
YouTube they have no incentive to keep
YouTube around that's that's the most
side the box click and Jack that's not
outside the box thinking YouTube is not
very profitable yeah
like Google is Google is incredibly
profitable profitable but YouTube is not
very profitable and it's a really great
way to watch and share videos if you
stop if you block all of our ads on
Twitch and you give us tips through a
third party that twitch doesn't get a
piece of guess who doesn't want to host
our videos anymore twitch chat if we're
first in talking about this it's because
you're still asking us about they're
still bring us up and and this is
something I did not bring this up this
is something that's really important to
me at least because it's you know how I
make money and everybody love fucking
loves to talk about adblock in the air
is fine but there are real consequences
to this and we are by the way seeing
those real consequences
with YouTube's crazy ad blocking
decisions right mm-hmm because because
you guys don't like to give them money
they start backing their advertisers
over their content creators which is
creating this huge hub of with everyone
Wow
where if you all would just watch the
fucking ads they wouldn't have to worry
about it or more importantly YouTube red
if everyone was a YouTube red user no
one would have to ever worry about their
content being being fucked with again
because then YouTube wouldn't care about
advertisers Garnica says next ever hi
jack and rich hello fuck you not you
thought okay disguising as a fuck you
some of my I know that sound advanced
artists but shovel knight was just
fuckin with me with a little wall thing
and see luck look what they do in a
fucking with means that was a fuck you
shovel knight and I'm that came out
wrong
artiguez says hi jack abridge I thought
it I recently watched rlm past
convention videos the George Lucas gag
in Chicago Comic Con was great question
has nerd exploitation made pop culture
better or worse thanks
as nerd exploitation made pop culture
better or worse check it depends on
which side you're looking at it from not
I'm not sure I have a definitive answer
it depends on which side you're looking
at from um well how do you know what pop
culture would look like right now
without nerd exploitation what would
what would what would be popular I don't
I don't know the that's the thing is is
you know from from like a movie goer or
from you know like Marvel standpoint
they're really happy about nerd
exploitation at the moment you know that
it's doing really good things for their
business so Disney is super happy about
nerd exploitative you as a consumer I'm
relatively happy with it because I get
to watch a real a bunch of fun movies
because I like comic book movies and I
like action movies
ah ah look I know I know the Big Bang
Theory chat is is the nerd equivalent to
blackface but I just don't watch it yeah
and I did you don't want you know how
often it usually comes up in my life
I've never I usually never have to hear
anything about them well what does the
damn show call the Big Bang yeah you got
it
you know what's up uh yeah I've watched
it exactly I want to say I've watched it
like three times because you know like
at first it was just like oh this sucks
well maybe that was just a bad episode
no this is really how it is and then the
third time I think like someone else was
watching it and refused to not watch it
so I had to watch it and it's terrible
it's a terrible show thank you game yeah
oh my god worse my mom thinks that
comparing me to Sheldon is a compliment
yeah that character is just the worst
kind of nerd blackface character ever
agreed oh just and it's it but that's oh
man you're so much like Sheldon I hear
that all the time it's just like wow
like do you understand that that's an
insult to me
also what does that say about me that
you know like I'm socially awkward and I
mean which is true I am
oh hello oh shit jack we're we're the
only minority group that's not going to
get our day what nobody's nobody's ever
going to care about nerd portrayal in
popular culture it's never gonna happen
isn't never gonna sit we're always going
to be the ones it's okay to character
always yeah somebody shows you know that
little girl showed up in a thigh in a
video game yep
exploitation horror yeah and the grand
scale of things you know yeah I guess
I'll be okay with it but just because
there's worse you know a good guy that
character with a pocket protector and
the glasses with the tape yeah that's
always could be around Jack and it's
always gonna be okay yeah again grand
scale you kind of have to be okay with
it cuz you know why maybe it maybe not
ever every maybe not forever rich
eventually we're gonna weed out all
those other ones and they'll just be
nothing left to complain about so then
finally finally they'll start saying hey
maybe we should let these nerds be oh
this is the worst
where's my safe space jack huh where's
my safe space anywhere you want it to be
rich your safe space is at home it's not
that's not because then would bank there
he's on TV Jack yeah but you can turn it
off
Jack you can turn it off what no you
don't have to watch it oh that changes
everything
yeah you got your fine alright or I'm
done with this try trying to find some
humor there it's not really worth yeah
I'm done that's what you know what and
that that could be me rich I might have
not just not been picking a bag know
what it's fine it's fine
all right uh what do we got what do we
got what where we got that's kind of
like what's in the news what's in the
news today uh so what's next on tip
roulette did you did you hear about the
trial of the girl who convinced her
boyfriend to commit suicide no it's this
incredibly fascinating story because I I
am NOT involved with it in any way sorry
to bring you down um am i a monster for
saying I don't think she deserves jail
time if she was just her only crime was
being really convincing well that see
that's what by the way that's what
they're trying to figure out but
apparently like they have her all heard
like text logs and everything and like
apparently like the the boyfriend was
like ready to to back out and like
chickened out and like I don't want to
commit suicide she's like no you should
definitely do it
you should definitely well here's the
question why was she being sarcastic or
no no it happened over a long enough
period where like they're thinking like
no she really just wanted him to kill
himself how was she stole his girlfriend
right
that's a great question well obviously
he had low self-esteem rich come on
get with him and so yeah they're just
trying to figure out like well what what
do we do about this like can can we
charge her with anything it's a really
like it's gonna be it's going to be a
very interesting legal case because it
will certainly set some sort of
precedent right yeah about like Ken like
was she bullying
not necessarily I you know what is the
first I'm hearing about this oh okay I
don't have a strong opinion on this
currently yeah
I really know nothing about this damn
case fuck context is very important did
did she think she was joking did she
think he was really gonna go through you
know these are all important questions
from from the texts from the text logs
it looked like not only did she know he
was going through going through with it
she helps him plan it out and she told
kept telling him to do it when he said
he was thinking about not doing it okay
so like it does not look good as far as
like any sort of her going I was just
joking it could've been a weird running
joke I guess I guess I guess we're
running jokes with people I'm not gonna
talk about here it's pretty clear from
the text that she's a monster yeah if
she told him to rob a bank would she be
culpable that she liked to me that's the
interesting thing like obviously she's a
horrible person but where what what can
we do legally about that that's the
interesting thing it's good it's going
to be a is going to be a landmark case
because if if it's like like let's say
for example the court finds that she it
has some sort of like involuntary
manslaughter thing accessory to
something like that right then other
lawyers can use that against like you
know bullies who bully people into
suicide or whatnot and and so it's a
very very interesting oh shit
what what is that bye
leftover B cake says I am proud to
support interesting quality
entertainment on Twitch yo and also
previously recorded there we go
that is you know it's not a joke but
it's quite so predictable okay in favor
of Earth Day I'm recycling my jokes yeah
yeah that make you know what that made
it work you saved it he saved it uh it
was over the course of several days or
weeks that's true yeah her text her
awful texts were like we're nan we're a
non-stop bombardment of like hey are you
committing suicide yet you said you're
gonna commit suicide let's get on that
let's make sure you do that I want to
make sure that you commit suicide I'm
not gonna say anything about this
because I literally have no context oh
sure no I just thought I know so you get
new bosses yeah yeah new bosses they'll
this level is always 100% new there's
like new new devices this is apparently
a shovel knight' prequel here so I don't
know what that means but it means take
place before shovel no I know but I mean
I haven't been paying attention to I
know I understand what a prequel is I
haven't been paying enough attention to
the story to tell you what consequences
is obviously shovel knight fights
Spectre night so this is how he got how
he got uh
I am NOT I'm not doing great as far as
like not dying I'm sure there's some
weight of this is this is gonna probably
be a disappointing one for us to answer
for you but madam says hi guys
I was watching Mystery Science Theater
3000 earlier today and I was wondering
what you two thought of the show
new and old since it's a little similar
to best of the worst
thanks wait I've only seen like two
episodes in my entire life even even
before we were doing best of the worst
when Mystery Science Theater was new one
on TV if I wanted to make fun of a bad
movie I would watch it with Mike or J
and we'd make our own jokes I have
nothing against Mystery Science Theater
3000 I just I had no use for it yeah
and now that's a hundred percent my
feelings I saw that you know the show
was very was very popular back in the
day especially if you were a film nerd
everybody talks about it and so I
watched it and I felt the exact same way
I was like oh this is just what I like
doing right right I don't want to watch
other people make that wish I wish they
would shut up so I could laugh at the
bad movie exactly that's I was like and
you know like they're funny sure but
it's like I want to make my own jokes so
it so that it was never a show I watched
regularly I've probably seen maybe two
possibly three episodes in my whole life
and I haven't seen the new one I assume
that's the same for rich I some of the
people involved are very funny
obviously patents on it who I enjoy but
hey you know I can't watch the new one
because a movie might come up that will
do on best of the worst
and I don't want to spoil it of course
that's the other yeah now we can yeah
now we just can't come here you dick
there we go there we go we did it
patent is not good on it I listen I
don't know with patents good on it or
not it's basically the same money of
course it's the same audience as best
were so like we are like rich in like I
understand why you would think we would
be big fans of it but unfortunately it's
just too close to what we do we're we're
not not really like it's not the same
thing whether they have a running
commentary of the movie right breast of
the worst is more just a surge for good
ones that we haven't seen before well
and you have to understand the
difference in the formats for for best
of the worst we watch the movie then
immediately discuss it yeah and we are
making up jokes on the fly yeah
everything is made up same day with no
writing it's not a script of any kind
yeah not even really with the intro so
it's like we'll we'll talk briefly like
a minute or two before we start shooting
it if anybody has any ideas for a bit
but there's not like a script the only
time there's ever been a script for best
of the worst is when there's been like a
guest star right like Freddy he's you
know we're not used to being on camera
might have something ready for him but
like hey Gemma and Colin probably don't
even need anything like that probably
not they're old pros at this point oh
sure I know what they're doing but
Mystery Science Theater a group of
writers gets together yeah watches the
movie several times and tries to put
their best joke forward sure
and like that so like I'm wrong with
that oh no I'm just I'm just also saying
like the format's of what we do are so
different that I can understand why
people like Bo it sounds like you're
patting yourself on the back for not
needing script Jack that's what it
sounds like to me god no I think I think
I would love to do like a let's just sit
down and write jokes because that would
be so much less pressure oh really oh I
would take all of the fun out of
best of the worst oh that would you know
what that would take the life out of it
yeah you know what else that would do
like sometimes if I can't think of
anything funny to say I start to worry
like goddamnit I got to come up with a
bit we gotta come up a bit here you know
what no I don't worry about that cuz I
know if I can't think of anything to say
someone else will oh yeah and it always
works but just as a as someone who has
worked in comedy for his professional
career it's just like we gotta do
something funny we've got to do some
funny and I know that as soon as you
stop thinking we got to do something
funny something funny will just
naturally happen I have I have faith in
you guys that's good
oh rich I have faith in you I don't have
faith in me that's my problem
no no it's it's it's finite so yeah I
think scripting it would be a ton less
pressure which is why I would like that
but it's not it's not gonna happen
because also the unscripted aspect is
what makes it lively and unique this is
what I want this is the weapon I want
you you go ahead and enjoy Mystery
Science Theater 3000 I just I don't
watch it I'm sorry I'm sorry I know
people are always disappointed when they
hear that yeah because you know they
like if you like best of the worst you
you probably also like Mystery Science
Theater 3000 it's probably in the case
so I'm not I'm definitely not trying to
put them or what they do down right
all right I can't sing and this is
written like a song what and I don't
even know what kind of song the sing
this - it's like a pre-existing thing
you get real endo crumb yeah nobody
likes me everybody hates me guess I'll
go eat some worms long one short ones
fat ones skinny ones ones that squiggle
and squirm so that's the thing that's
again nobody likes me I don't think I've
heard that mean I think it's let's go
eat some worms yeah it is what is that
it's playground thing I forget if it's a
playground song effort came from
something specific but that's where I
heard it on the playgrounds everybody
likes me everybody hates me
let's go eat some work I'm glad I didn't
read that cuz I could not have done that
justice I'm like just not familiar with
okay we go the off switch says your view
your viewers Star Wars oh wait yeah I am
read Erik your viewers Star Wars ot fans
who also hate the prequels have an
interest in the many aspects of
filmmaking deadpan humor Star Trek have
lots of spare time and also like
computer games dollar sign dollar sign
dollar sign dollar sign I'm not sure
what the point of this I think they're
just saying like wait yeah wait one if
your viewers Star Wars ot fans who also
hates prequels have interests in many
aspects of filmmaking dip in news so I
guess that's a statement of poor fans
are I guess and we know yeah we talk we
talk to you guys all the time we've
we've met our fans and we have a pretty
good idea that you are into these
similar things that we are I mean
personally I never would have guessed
that our fans like the Star Wars
original trilogy I never would have
guessed that so I'm glad somebody
finally finally pointed that out
I know hello a treasure chest
I think the off switch is just drunk
that's very public very possible I mean
that's possible for anyone really it's
it's late at night starts to drinking
I'm not drunk
dish terse s but we can fix that and
yeah sure yeah you start Rick whatever
the fuck you want mister says speaking
of good video game soundtracks you guys
should check out wandering souls it's an
indie PC game with a fantastic
soundtrack some of the songs are the
same guy who did shovel knight oh ah I
get it I get it um going on list just
wandering souls I might have it already
that sounds very familiar next stream I
kind of want to do Bayonetta 2 I think
that's a great idea rich cuz well I had
issues with Bayonetta I did not hate it
and I'm totally willing to give the
second one a try yeah I think that's a
great idea and I wholeheartedly support
your decision we have a capture card
here we just you need to bring the Wii U
and Bayonetta 2 right obviously
hey bento box of Doom's hinto box of
doom Ben Pinto Pinto Pinto pntl okay
says hey guys I not sure if you got my
last one and we did and I already said
and feel better uni I noticed you left
out the hashtag rich suck my deck this
time oh I notice that's missing No
yeah bento maybe you should get bento
hey it could with Jack but but for uni
sake feel better uni lettuces Jack
object if you watch Patriot on Amazon
yet it's fucking amazing and everyone
needs to see it quasi quasi Edgar Wright
style dark comedy extremely well made
seriously check it out alright I haven't
seen it yet but I haven't seen it it's
quite possible I forgot about it if you
told me about it earlier and
Chad I would not hold your breath for
Star Wars The Force Unleashed ooh I
started playing the first one once and I
couldn't stand it did you play the Force
Unleashed I don't think it did is I
think just playing on my own a little
bit once I was like oh oh sure sure I'm
with you which one was a Force Unleashed
yeah God of War would Star Wars oh oh
yeah haha pardon me shit get the fuck
outta fuck out that I never got into God
of War yeah you want to yo-yo galeano
when it when it comes to that kind of
brawler ninja gaiden all the way God war
oh that's quick time shit yeah I
couldn't stand shit a lot of quick
mashie quick time shit yeah you know
what the mashie didn't feel bad I
remember I just hitting the X button and
those fucking things were going all over
the entire screen and things didn't have
a chance to get close to me because he
was swinging them everywhere
that's what I said like them it was and
then it was the worst kind of little
mini quick XY yeah God no no no no that
mess you didn't feel bad QuickTime
events are almost never good I almost
never I'm trying to trying to think of
an example where equipment is good the
dumbest simplest ones and when it's the
same every time like every time you kill
this tank attacks yeah
and you don't need it
the more buttons you got to hit and the
more strict they are about it the worse
it is it's never a good mechanic none
when they like shit when they change it
up on you like that sometimes they hit
this button sometimes hit this button
fuck that fuck that quick time bullshit
every time it's a mistake
take note video game developers we hate
him but you guys played garbage like
Gears of War for why not we didn't
really especially like years of war for
ya you're not helping us you're not
you're not convincing us tell us it's
just like Helldivers and then maybe my
opinion of of Gears of War and I played
one or two and they were acceptable but
I never I never got around to playing
three so that that tells you how
strongly I feel about the series yep me
too by the way yeah never got around to
three and I liked Gears wanted to they
were fine games fuck you fuck you
Spectre night
did you hate the ones and vanquish it
all the quick time oh that's a good
question you love it I don't love those
the proper thing with vanquish is
there's just not that many of them oh
okay
Vega should be fine without them but
there's there's just not enough in there
for me to get my panties in a bunch over
it sure
well good cuz you know what like once
you get them in a bunch then it's
they're really hard to fold and put away
this there's like four or five in the
game you have to start doing your
country with with like panties and
bunches what I recommend rich is the
steam cycle for your dryer I don't know
if you have that for your dryer it D
bunches your panties really easily but
there's there's like four or five of
them okay and vanquish and they're
associated with like mini bosses like it
I can deal with it okay
and it's kind of the same thing every
time yeah they're a little bit different
for each one but I mean it's like the
one they're simple they're forgiving
sure it's it's not like if you don't hit
it within the split second you lose you
know yeah
I want you
nice nice quick diamonds Tresor and it's
perfectly okay that you stepped all over
my my panties thing because I didn't
know it was happening either it's like
sometimes you just don't know when
you're gonna go on a little painting
joke a little painting joke mini
adventure that's what I was like Jack
would you let it die for crying out loud
let it die okay me go yes
nope nope that's my only my only my only
respite now is bringing it up enough
all right where do we vote your vogue
Alex and the ice is rich nerves by
definition are people that are unlikable
no amount of geek pop-culture or cute
people wearing glasses will ever make
being an actual nerd a good thing I
think you're wrong about them I've
always associated being a nerd just
being very passionate about a particular
subject hang on then I don't know yeah I
don't know man I don't know
I get like right I guess it just depends
on what definition of nerd you're
working with but I've always just like
considered nerds like just people who
are really into one thing like I'm
really into really into this this one
book series I am a nerd for this book
series you know I just I just like
things if I'm labeled a nerd that's
something I understand other people have
labeled me as uh-huh but I've never
identify as a nerd and I am a part of
nerd culture as I heard I believe these
things know their shit like that I think
that's for the best
I think that's for the best rage I
identify with nerd culture you know what
that's actually just the thing that
confuses me the most is like nerd
culture how did we get there
how did we go how did we get to a point
where we have our own culture I don't
think we do I think it's just like every
like nerd culture is just like oh you
know humans people assume this I can't
tell you how many people have assumed I
know something about Dungeons and
Dragons I've just gotta be like I don't
know any of that shit I've never refined
in my life oh yeah and then there's like
confused wow you're a nerd
what you know what a natural one is
though right like
you you actually know more about it than
I do why love it people have just
assumed oh sure sure no listen I've
forever been you know my family's
default tech support person and every
time they have me come over to fix their
computer I tell them the exact same and
they're just like but you're so good
with computers you know because you know
cuz you're a nerd and I'm like I'm not
good with computers I know how to Google
the right thing and if you just watch me
I'll just show you where how I Google
stuff I can Google things and the
internet knows the answer and they're
like not huge you're just so good at you
know these computers so well stereotypes
rich Snerd culture stereotypes
anonymous says this may sound strange
coming from a stream tip but I don't
have anything weirder disturbing for you
to read I just wanted to say I
appreciate what you guys do lol thanks
for the stream oh my god that's so that
is Wow that's very weird dear Wow
anonymous says uh just ugh
something displeased them enough that
they had the tip-off to say ugh at this
point who knows what it could be which
is my favorite part about like reading
tips you know so late it's like what I'm
sure we said something that pissed them
off
that's great that's great
fuck you David
I know people says hello exploited
minorities ha ha ha perfect timing and
just as fun fact number 2 it's not an
open-world game and you have three weeks
to make a review before 2 comes out also
Jack you can play as arrow somebody
somebody loves them some injustice um
you know what I actually I do hear good
things about the injustice fighting game
yeah I I just because I watch the arrow
TV show does not mean I give a fuck
about the arrow as a character I am the
worst person to try and do any kind of
review on a fighting game ah right I I
think I would be too cuz it's just like
oh yeah you hit people I am no good at
this right and mines good at this
uh you know what when I press the button
to hit the other person I hit that
person I I wouldn't rule out like
streaming it ever ever no plans to
immediately like I said next train would
like to do Bayonetta 2 but I I wouldn't
hold my breath for a review all right
like a like a foal right yeah yeah yeah
probably not gonna happen yeah we could
probably stream it and you know maybe
have a couple laughs cultural
appropriation equal how culture works
yes it's true that's exactly how culture
works that the that's the the melting
pot I've always thought the concept of
cultural appropriation was stupid um
well I mean it can be done negatively of
course to to to say well at that point
it's not cultural appropriations just
making fun of somebody if you're
thinking of like the college you know
Indian mascots oh no no I'm more
thinking about like advertisers who like
use certain cultural tropes to like sell
to specific people and like that can be
like exploitative but I don't think it's
the same thing as cultural appropriation
though that that's just maybe that's a
different thing
advertisers being bad at advertising I
suppose all right
the blue prism says hey Jack I'm Jack I
am making a ground beef meat sculpture
of rich what cut of beef should I use
porterhouse wrench what is your favorite
Sierra adventure game a lot of good ones
if I absolutely have to choose it would
probably be quest for glory to legend
I'm not I'm not sure about stream in the
quest for glory games is well I think
they're great adventure games there
there's there was grinding involved and
it would slow down the funny dialogue
yes we've talked about that before yeah
there are steps to level them
the worst one is leveling up sneaking
sneaking sneaking you play as a thief in
the quest for glory games which I love
by the way you can just break into
people's houses in the first one you
just you just walk around at night pick
their walks and you know if you're
you're sneaking stab isn't high enough
you might wake them up okay sounds great
but the only way you can level up sneak
is just by walking everywhere slowly
while sneaking and it takes forever to
level up you just across the screen oh
that part is the worst that sounds like
a big pain in the butt yeah that part
but then again you don't necessarily
have to stake right it might be another
way to solve your problems I don't know
Adam nope only sneaking Rich only
sneaking

[Part II]
which what is your favorite Arkham game
that's a hard question that really is a
hard question as a game too though the
story into just completely loses any any
kind of focus but just from a gameplay
perspective it's it's Arkham City story
wise probably three even though the
gameplay took a big turn for the worse
dumb dumb down stealth sections and less
of them because there's so much that car
crap shoved in that game I knew from the
moment they talked about having to drive
the Batmobile it was going to be
terrible and it was going to dominate
the game and it did and it was combat
was still ok but once again there's a
lot less of it because they want you to
be on that fucking car all the time yeah
oh that's stupid those all those tank
sections story wise so story wise Arkham
Knight okay
gameplay wise arkham city all around
yeah
origins gets a bad rap origins main
problem is that it just reuses too many
assets of Arkham City it doesn't feel
like its own game
if Arkham origins were sold as it an
expansion pack as opposed to as its own
game I think I would've went over a lot
better with people hmm interesting
so it's it's it's a it's a lame game
that recycles too many components of the
previous game but is it fucking great
dlc
alright alright hey unless you got more
dad nope does I know you you haven't
played any of the games all the way
through right oh all right night-night
are you did the review yeah yeah I just
haven't played uh the first one I
haven't finished the first one still
mother you never played city did you no
no no yeah I haven't played any of that
once it's great city's great it's the
open world without the Batmobile hmm
that does some yeah that sounds like
something I would rip oh fuck it's like
something I would really enjoy it's
super amazing story loses any kind of
sense of focus you're there to
investigate the mystery of the the
corrupt prison but nope The Joker shows
up and now we're around a diversion a
side quest that dominates the entire
fucking game and then the main story
comes in and like back into the plane
like last 10 minutes before the Joker
comes back oh and then the end of the
game wraps up the side quest no focus
fuck you game and they're gonna I get a
little fart as I die
thank you rich no chat I do not care
about Green Lantern at all as a
character in any way okay yeah I'm with
you somebody sent in a copy of the
there's a Green Lantern Star Trek
crossover yeah and it just seemed like
the worst fucking thing there's a lot of
different colored beams flying over the
place and just Green Lantern fights just
seems so stupid and boring you know what
here here's what I'll give the green I'm
shooting colored Ray's know I'm shooting
colored race know I'm shooting colored
Ray's greenly baby it was just poorly
written I don't know
as our own original concept I really
liked the idea
of like the like I can create wacky
things from my ring right like I'll turn
it into a giant why can't I make that
fucking jump it turned into a giant I
can't make that fucking jump that's what
like turnings a green light into a giant
fist to punch the bad guy right like
making it an aeroplane so you can fly or
whatever right like turning the ring
into goofy stuff um as a comic book
artist and writer I can imagine they had
a lot of fun with that but but yeah
modern green lantern is just okay wait
we're gonna put there we go there we go
modern Green Lantern is just a bunch of
beams and you know because they want to
make it cool I didn't know I don't read
the books
oh yeah no that was my impression from
the Star Trek crossover
oh and it is it is like that oh fuck I
don't SPECT her Knight has some issues
rich spectra Knight has some goddamn
issues I'm sorry he's got this thing
where if you if you hit the attack
button you can just switch to the old
shovel Knight if you want nobody gets a
fuck no I know but I'm playing a new one
all right why am I just and I want to
know I want to know how plays and I'm
just not used to you Spectre Knight Huff
Hardin says hey again hi again no
judgment for anger issues but what's the
worst thing you have done after a rage
quit on a game as a kid I once bit my
gameboy
after losing leaving a bite mark in my
screen never done anything that weird
that's fucking weird I don't I don't
think I've done anything worse than
throwing the controller
oh I've thrown some controllers yeah
yeah oh man I've never I have never
broken a disc or a cartridge though not
Madden ragequit like everyone saw me cut
up Andromeda that was different right uh
no and you know what I
I haven't even thrown a controller that
shit was too precious to me why actually
what did I kick around when we
finish the order whatever I didn't
remember what the fuck I was throwing
around but whatever that was not your
usual kind of rage quit right more of
like a rage disgusting I need to throw
something I needed to throw some right
right
no and you know I guess I'm a comer I'm
a column or gamer where it's like to me
I would just stop playing the game in a
huff oh I just turn it off and be like
oh oh how disappointed can't throw
controllers anymore since they all cost
$80 so true so fucking true but I
haven't been we're talking about this
when it comes to throwing controllers
that was when I was a kid I haven't I
haven't done that in decades well like
in even like like for me even as a kid
you know like those were my controllers
if I threw them and broke them
that was me paying form so like fucking
no I'm not throwing I'm not throwing
shit did I throw my controller at the
end of Mass Effect 3 no cuz I was just
depressed after Mass Effect 3 I wasn't
angry I was really happy I couldn't play
a game for like weeks after that as I
didn't have it in me
sure I don't play another game now I
don't feel like doing anything it was
terrible
well after a funeral it's tough yeah
tough to have any motivation oh they
just needed to stick the landing that's
all they needed to do and it would have
been you know if the third game weren't
amazing and it wasn't amazing except the
I think we were wrong about that but if
they just stuck the landing it would
have been like Return of the Jedi what
about like the Star Wars saga sure the
best game but at least the at least they
stuck alright alright alright
oh oh yeah we are well your viewer
getting into it you were getting into it
Anonymous's guys any thoughts on the
potential nuclear war with North Korea
will it happen you know not as
depressing as Mass Effect 3 oh my I'm
not giving this and me I'm not getting
this true Bo swaggins says rich any
plans for more eggs come stream real
boasts wagons really sooner or later
sooner or later I'm gonna finish that
run with the chat that's gonna that's
gonna finish I didn't say it was gonna
happen all at once though so I'm still
into trill boasts wagons trill boasts
wagon bilbo swaggins lost so much damn
money on this run Danny and I know
there's another form coming get out here
unit 603 idiot says hey rich and Jake
suck here's money to put in the build a
new wheel of the worst fun
this time you should make a drunk idiot
proof by making it like the crisis right
wheel
oh well spin my wheels it's just a
bigger wheel that we can push it over
that's not gonna help
hmm are you thinking of a way to make a
drunk idiot for it I'm thinking about
just like driving a whole bunch of nails
through it so if you tried to shove it
you would like impale your hand that's
not gonna stop us that's not gonna stop
us like like a like a fuckin cactus just
nails coming out everywhere what
ali reza says I saw colossal last week
was great it was a lot more dark than
the trailer made it seen they edited
scenes to create jokes that weren't
there how do you feel about deceptive
editing and trailers this is this is why
you don't trust trailers that's their
whole the trailers whole job right is to
convince you to go see the movie and
they will do anything to do that yes
they don't they don't care if they are
properly representing the movie they it
is their job to convince you to see the
movie did you see the movie well then
they did their job faster jack faster I
don't think I'm supposed to get in front
of it and they suppose to get on it
you're supposed to get on it Ryan hitch
I got trapped underneath it I got
trapped but at least this starts at the
second stage now tired Sansa's
mainstream culture embraced aspects of
nerd culture since it's perfectly
compatible with branding Star Wars Star
Trek and endless comic book series it's
just a coincidence social outcasts like
it
bergna s-- says bergs this bird v RG z
and es alright says here's $2 for the
wheeler I know Mike's not going to pay
you anything to fix it
sorry rich buy yourself a Pabst Blue
Ribbon with that or something oh thank
you thank you much oh that's wrong I can
get up on that thing nope nope do I do I
say anything cuz you know they say
anything that's up but you you get to
make that choice rich because because
I'll cuz I like people
you're our fans yeah Will's already in
in decent shape I have handled the
problem with with my my master prop
making skills true rich is a fine prop
maker but there might never be a will
episode ever again that's also true you
need to you need to it's already there
it's already fixed by the way fixed not
remade that's important it's important
well haha partially replaced couldn't do
anything about the wheel sure the actual
wheel but that's not the original wheel
anyway
yes rich handled the problem
yes master builder rich Evans yeah
riches and riches a fine prop builder
praise the Builder
fine fine prop builder if I was making a
team and I needed some props I'd get
rich on that team fuck fuck you fuck you
and you you what sniped
hey you know we'll be I saw over the
weekend hmm I saw Suicide Squad yeah
yeah okay I was it was it was on HBO go
and I have an HBO Go subscription yes
yeah you know haven't seen this hand
oh it's garbage it's utter garbage but
you know like I saw get society as part
of my subscription so I didn't pay any
extra money to see it so yeah that's a
win so that's nice but oh my I was not
expecting it to be as bad as that is DC
huh it's DC yeah but it's like after
Batman vs Superman you just can't be
that bad anymore right but okay yeah you
can oh yeah you can but holy mother yeah
it's it's bad it's like bad bad
it's laughably bad but the DC fans liked
it and I shocking I will never be I will
never stop being not surprised was was
Harley Quinn good no I hated her she cuz
she was trying to do like classic Harley
voice and I hated it because she was
trying to do the classic Harley voice
yes I hated any but it didn't work with
I I didn't like I didn't like her whole
aesthetic and the mr. J that's Harley
Quinn oh I hate what you do
Oh something different the desert her
characters that she's cartoony she's not
she's insane I know I didn't like him I
didn't like it you know why you know I
didn't like it I didn't like it with the
look with the aesthetic okay it didn't
fit with the aesthetic and also she had
no place on the team and okay okay
that's different that's different
question well although but just like her
being there was an affront to all logic
right and she has no powers yeah she
wants psychologists who went nuts
who is that she can do acrobatics
apparently but it's like that's it her
special skill is that it amuses the
Joker that he was able to break somebody
yes and she can do a handstand it's
perhaps a backflip ah I hated the end oh
ya know and her all of her and the Joker
stuff the the first 20 minutes of the
movie is just introducing all of the
characters and then you get to the part
where the movie's supposed to start and
then more characters show up and they
don't and they decide not to introduce
them just like Scarlett Johansson on the
Avengers not at all like that because
the Black Widow is a trained assassin
Harley Quinn is a psychologist who went
crazy she was not taught by a government
agency how to sneak around how to break
necks how did you come foo how to load a
gun how to get into a fight with a group
of people she wasn't trained in anything
like that
boom
unless they cut out the vivid L scene in
which after Joker turned her into Harley
Quinn he then sent her off to some sort
of Krav Maga Iraqi crowd magrav class
just hand-to-hand
combat class in which she became an
utter badass unless we missed that and
the Black Widow fighting supervillains
is equally dumb same with Batman no and
by the way like when Black Widow Black
Widow has a place on the team
what did Black Widow do when she fought
the Hulk right in in Avengers like she
snuck around she never fought the Hulk
head-to-head she was sneaky she did
sneaky stuff she's little spy stuff
right what did she do in general in the
Avengers I'm trying to remember was her
role in the end of that movie in the end
of that movie like she wanted to talk to
the scientist well didn't she didn't
fight Loki right she was she was on the
ground fighting some of the soldiers
with Captain around level like Captain
America and then she went to stop the
device she was the tech person yeah so
she had a place on the team that made
sense with her skills effectively she
was disarming a bomb right where as
Harley Quinn is going toe-to-toe with
witches gods and monsters so anyway yeah
it was it was incredibly dumb movie and
oh shit afterwards I was watching I was
watching Michael J's half in the bag on
because we haven't gotten to talk about
it's okay I wonder what Mike and J think
about it and they kept like echoing the
sentiment that there was a good movie in
there somewhere and I just don't see it
good I don't I don't see how there's
anything good to come out of that
suspect tonight still alive or something
what is this I think this is like a
flashback is he still alive here or is
he
I think I'm spectrum to this yeah this
is this is before he became the spectre
interesting okay I prove nonsense of
axes rich and Jack slash Jack and rich
whoa
any good book recommendations any genre
but I'm in a sci-fi mood lately thanks
as always for another fun stream I might
not kill myself after all despite
girlfriends prodding Wow Wow nice uh you
know what I've just got and I don't know
if it's good I haven't read it I haven't
been reading anything lately well so
hold on I just I just bought a new book
that I'm really excited about that I'm
really excited to read and I'm gonna
tell you what it is if I can find out
here yeah if I can find it it's supposed
to be very good and they just came out
with the sequel which is why I was like
oh well you know like it's good enough
to get a sequel and it is called and it
is called that tells you how good it is
is I can't remember the name of it
so another jack recommends nothing I
just got it I wanted to read it I was
really excited to read it there's
there's nothing I've even looked it up
there's nothing I've been reading
lately as always the classics a
Hitchhiker's Guide to the galaxy sure
look like that okay it's called sleeping
giants yeah and here's here's what I
know about it it's about it's about a
young girl who finds a piece to what
appears to be a giant robot and then the
whole thing is like a little detectives
a sci-fi detective story trying to
figure out the mystery of this piece of
a giant robot and it's like oh that
sounds like a fantastic book sleeping
giants yes I am the past I have
recommended off to be the wizard the
time that was the last thing I'd read
still really is the last science fiction
book I've read what off to be the wizard
off to be the wizard um take the premise
of the matrix where you learned that
reality is just a computer simulation ah
and then you you can hack that that
simulation to pretend you're a wizard oh
okay that's fun that's what off to be
the wizard is it's cute oh you don't
come back you don't come back you don't
come oh fuck you the sequels The Iron
Giant right I will yeah and so like the
sleeping giant is the first book and
then you can the sequel just come out
which is called waking God's rich are
you mostly into comic book movies aside
from best of the worst I don't remember
seeing you in some of the NAM comic half
of the bags this is because I went to
high school with Mike and Mike still
thinks of me as the guy who like the
comic books but you know I Rich's
typecast
I'm typecast I am typecast which is
stereotyped as a nerd you know what you
know what half in the bag I would have
loved to have been a part of huh
fury road they don't call rich for that
right right
instead I get called in to be you know
for the cut in the new spider-man oh I
don't give a shit I'll watch it and then
of course during the review Mike yeah
4100 yes
blah what do you want from me what was I
don't remember what it was it was that
the damn movie were or what's faces
Johnny Depp's brain got put into a
computer oh yeah oh what's that move
here I don't remember was that was
called but I think we watched that a
comic-book movie and I got asked that
episode because of the comic book movie
I enjoyed the the Johnny Depp one more
the one they hated by the way oh yeah
they hated it I saw merit in that film
you saw merit in that film transcendence
oh nice
love love the premise of that movie
mikage I hated it of course and I was
there to talk about the comic book movie
whatever the fuck it was which I I'm
sure I don't remember well that was the
and I did I did not care about it wasn't
the amazing spider-man 2 yeah I so did
not give a shit about the amazing
spider-man 2 Jack and rich fury road
review like that did well redundant
well-worn they're so redundant everyone
knows we love that film right right
because you know why because everyone
loves fury road every single person or
at least they should you know that's not
sure I know it's not true that's why I
said it I think a lot of people don't
like it for bullshit reasons they've
heard things that are just not true
right Mad Max is not the star of a Mad
Max he's in it just as much as he isn't
the other bad
rich man Mad Max is part of the SJW
feminists how you want to anyone talk
about that fucking shit always so I can
so it's obviously a subpar movie because
I think both sides that debate are
fucking assholes that's like people
complaining that Max is not the star
that movie the plot doesn't revolver it
didn't in the other movies either uh-huh
most of Mad Max 1 is like focused on the
bikers mad road warrior just like he's
the character you see the world through
his eyes but he's not directly involved
Lord humungus wants the the oil
plantation from the oil villagers Mad
Max he's there right I think I can do
one more level before I gotta call it
let's do tre to name
let's do treasure night yes he's more
involved with the goings-on in fury road
than he is in either the original Mad
Max or road warrior so he's saying
people are dumb yes I'm saying they're
dumb I don't know that doesn't sound
like people they're complaining cuz Mad
Max is written like he was written in
the other Mad Max movies I don't know
that doesn't sound like people
while refinery whatever originally don't
get it right into the level
gobble-gobble-gobble-gobble
also gobble-gobble-gobble-gobble
compound father I'm saying it was boring
if you think it was boring I don't mind
the people who hurt anyone
I hear the complaint that Mad Max wasn't
the star and for one is wrong and for
another thing that's that's not entirely
unlike how a Mad Max movie would go
where he's there but the events going on
don't directly relate to him he just
gets involved right he's a drifter
that's his thing he's a drifter and by
the way that's like stand like that's
classic drifters tale you know that's
classic like old western like it's not
necessarily about the hero it's about
what's what the hero gets involved in so
not jits not just a Mad Max thing that's
that's just classic classic drifters
tale Thunderdome I like Thunderdome it's
not you know it's not the best in the
series it's got its got a Tina Turner
that's all that matters
Tina Turner's good in that movie we
don't know the hero I think Jay is
totally right like the barter town
sections are great it slows down once he
gets to the kids yeah overall I still
like the movie oh sure
Oh fuckin lump Tina Turner and there
ain't nothing wrong with that doing
nothing wrong with some healthy Tina
Turner love
yeah yeah rich yeah rebel bases hey guys
hi want you settle an argument between
my brother and I okay which is the worst
movie ghostbusters 2016 or rogue one
ghostbusters 26 versus 2016 goes but I
mean without a doubt it's you know why
cuz it's not funny and it's supposed to
be coming there's nothing worse than a
bad County rogue one
it does have competent action scenes
it's major problem is I don't give two
fucks about any of this boring
characters right right I mean you know I
think both are bad movies if that if
that helps the argument development but
the question is which is worse it's
definitely go supposed to 26 most def
ghostbusters 2016 not only do I not care
about the characters but the comedy is
bad which you know in a comedy kind of
important that's kind of like the final
nail there's a little important detail
that they teach you in film school is if
you're making a comedy it should be at
least 20% funny Brooklyn has done en
that's why it's better I done it he's
the the blind one right she wrong about
that why not yeah you know what that
makes sense they totally fucked up a
character arc on him they totally fucked
it up I mean you know the end they got
that scene where he he'd trust in the
force to make his way to the the button
or the switch whatever the fuck it is
yeah wouldn't that be so much better if
like he didn't have the faith earlier
and that was his character arc cuz I got
that first time he shows up he the blind
man kicks everybody's ass with the force
well of course they can do that at the
end of the movie see in no well you're
what you are is half right here if he
wouldn't have kicked everyone's asked at
the beginning of
yeah and then continued to have the
faith and did that cool thing at the end
that would be a good art yes the problem
wasn't that he didn't have it like hehe
so he should have kept his faith through
the whole time the the problem is they
didn't only put it to a test then like
what would have been great is that that
first action sequence
he was like all ready to do his for
stuff but his friend came in with a gun
okay yeah you can't do this uh yeah you
know you can't you don't like nobody
else had faith in him right I'll take
I'll take either way I'll take it either
way
and then at the end he was proven cuz I
liked it I liked his thing I liked that
he had faith in the force uh but I think
that that scene at the end there was
more his friend than had faith in the
force right yes yes chat a cliche Ark is
better than no Ark yes amount of us says
in case you play more bad at him press
the back button in the very fast loading
screens for practice mode so I guess you
can pause it oh good like like if there
was a message that said that it loads so
fucking fast on PC you're not staring at
that screen for more than half a second
I wonder if it does say I'll have to
pull I'll have to literally pause the
footage if you see if it says that
also right trigger plus back button
skips cutscenes yeah I know don't worry
I know that I had to watch all the
cutscenes because I was recording the
gameplay footage I like characters like
I I like the cutscenes they're amusing
but there's just too much of it
oh gosh too much of it way too much of
it and I know obviously like I'm a I'm a
cutscene hater you wanted a rich Evans
Episode 8 trailer reaction it would have
just been me watching them okay okay
right that trailers and it has nothing
to it mean it's not terrible either it's
that terrible it's just got nothing
trailers like I said that could be
Strehlow is gonna be so deceptive the
trailer doesn't mean jack shit right it
means nothing
that trailer means even more nothin show
was nothing they didn't show us nothing
mr. J the lack of the lack of lots of
amazing things
mmm-hmm makes me think this is gonna be
the goal for the at least at least with
the trailer at it they want you to think
it's gonna be just like Empire
given that force awakens was just like a
new hope I won't be shocked if the new
movie is just like Empire yeah
I am sucking did you hear Nintendo's
killing the nest mini and developing a
snazzy oh no uh no they're killing the
nest mini that little tiny box with the
controller that scored is way too short
and it only has 30 games on it where
else am I going to play my Nintendo
games besides on my computer with my
emulator with hundreds and hundreds of
games oh that felt mean yeah well I do
even for you rich that helped me it's
like this that thing was so stupid but
there's place
finally you by the way totally was
nothing was so stupid
and madam says hello butts but thanks
for all the laughs what's your feelings
on the Kingdom Hearts series especially
- since you like action RPGs the story
is dogshit anime trash but the gameplay
is amazing but this this sounds like
it's right up my alley yeah you're
selling it by the way I love that anime
trash garbage anime trash um I play the
first Kingdom our team yep which for
those who don't know this is a game rich
would never even touch because it
involves a crossover between Disney and
Final Fantasy characters so I can't
imagine good would ever touch that I
know I know it sounds like there's not
that much there for me um III play
through the first one and you know what
I really hated it I couldn't it's it's
one of those um it has one of those
gameplays where it's like kind of
turn-based but also not turn-based but
all the math is done turn-based you know
I'm talking about the watch some of the
metalic all the combat the math for like
hit points is done turn-based esque in
the kingdom heart gave but there's no
like pause and turn and so it's like you
could be hacking and slashing I thought
those restraint packin slashes that's
the weird thing you you want it to be a
hack and slash but like it only does
damages every once in a while it
something about the combat was so
infuriating to me rich okay and me you
know it's very possible that I'm wrong
about this and someone is about to
correct me if they build total health
and flow but something about that combat
pissed me right the hell off
I remember hating it and and jet trigger
choice I don't I don't want to go into
it right now but it sounds like you
actually don't know what my stance on
piracy is
I'm I am not being hypocritical
Cloney old mony 45 says keep it up you
hack frauds that's us that's us we're
hexamer frauds rewind shaq TSA's yeah J
by the way jack is the hard ass on
piracy yeah I'm the one that's super
anti piracy I'm soft Richie Richie Rich
is more great I am definitely more great
I am black and white and it's a
fantastic way to preserve games thank
you especially you know it's not like I
never bought a Nintendo game in the past
if I if I have those cartridges why
would I feel guilty because because you
should pay for the right to pay them I
play them on your need to pay them again
if you own them already why do you even
need to buy non-convenience
oh so you should say alright cuz I don't
you wash it you want your convenience
for free yeah I do jack suck it rewind
Shaq's is played do w3 beta this weekend
you know w3 Donnell wha oh okay damn I
guess it's on afford three no real depth
of strategy more of an army building sim
UI sucks oh not spending 60 bucks on it
rich love you buddy are you sticking to
your diet Jack stand up then didn't ask
our opinions on it they just tip to say
that they don't like Donna for three hmm
ah diet probably took a hit in the
winter because really hard to ride a
bike when it's winter that's that's very
true you have to be you have to be very
committed to ride a bike in the winter
right I did ride my bike here today
because god dammit I felt like riding my
goddamn bike and it was nice out earlier
so I said fuck it I'm riding my bike
shit
tired sad says Jack I'm Jack what is
your conclude
I'm Jared Leto's douchebag joke oh um
for Suicide Squad they did he he is not
that they spend I for fur for Deadshot
Harley Quinn crocodile Captain Boomerang
and the the pyro guy they spend the
first 20 minutes of the movie giving
each of them a little montage explaining
their character right we get nothing for
the Joker that without me because it was
just awful and they didn't want it in
there that's very possible cut so like
it's hard to even know what his
character is about the the way that they
portray him is not consistent his acting
could maybe you know maybe in a better
movie it could be there but I'll he has
so little to do in the actual movie I'm
surprised he's in there at all besides
being arm candy for Harley Quinn he's he
doesn't do anything so it's it's really
hard to even to even judge him uh like
as far as like a performance or anything
is concerned because he just doesn't do
nothing
sirens sad says which comedian is more
obnoxious Ricky Gervais Jimmy Fallon or
Seth MacFarlane Jimmy Fallon I got
nothing against Ricky Gervais how do you
pronounce that I'm pronouncing it Ricky
Gervais a I'm saying it right Gervais us
no not your Vegas Ricky Gervais your
vase that's how I've always pronounced
it okay isn't there's nothing obnoxious
about him I like him Jimmy Fallon sucks
a big big fat dick you know like I'm
okay with Ricky Gervais and I think he's
been very funny and a lot of things
including his stand-up
but Jimmy Fallon is more obnoxious by
his by his life everything he does is
obnoxious yeah
not everything Seth MacFarlane does is
obnoxious everything Jimmy Fallon does
is obnoxious alright you know what
I'm with you I'm absolutely with you
farad said is Batman versus Superman
this generations Batman Returns
they're both bloated dreary sequels with
too many characters inconsistent tone
and seriously wounding their franchises
Batman Returns is nowhere near as
damaging as like Batman and Robin right
Batman Returns still had that Tim Burton
flavor to it
yep yeah and so you can be because of
its incredibly odd style you could
overlook a lot of the sloppy filmmaking
but yeah so the question then is is
Batman V Superman as damaging as Batman
and Robin I haven't watched returns
anytime recently but I don't know that I
don't know Tim Burton's original Batman
you know 89 holds up all that well
that's that's what I've heard
consistently is like they're not the
right the great movies that you remember
them being right uh which I'm fine with
like I'm fine with with them being kind
of more style I can fish oh my god Oh
wrecked your shit there jack I noticed
fucking fish um
I guess the you know what the answer to
that is we'll see what really stood out
to me more than anything when I watched
uh Tim Burton's you know the original
Batman
yeah 8989 Batman yeah how awful that
costume looks they supposedly spent
hundreds of thousands of dollars on it
looks like cheap fucking rubber shit
ill-fitting mask oh it's awful
oh you dickhead fish you can't you can't
you can't can't beat it
bat nibbles wrong movie Tim Burton's
Batman did not have the bat nipples no
that's uh that was shoemakers lavish yep
Schumacher Schumacher yeah it was that
one's no I'm if someone's pronouncing
something wrong it's probably me you
might be right
first out of a Schumacher and you know I
have never met mr. shoemaker or mocker
so I do not and I've never heard his
name pronounced either so yeah fucking
fuck I am I'm getting rekt by goddamn
fish ah just can't handle tuna jack okay
I get a reaction I get a reaction and
there's no there's no killing it which
was the really upsetting part this cuz
it's the gimmick of the stage I know I
get it rich hit up with this thing what
thing whatever the thing you used to hit
things with my psyche my cycle yes sit
with your side that seems to back him
off I don't either the promise I don't
want to back him off because it when I
back him off it's better than getting
hit by them I want to jump over him I
want to do that there you can't always
do that apparently apparently like now
hit well I tried I tried it didn't work
and you know what it did well glad I
never called I'm god damn time
I think it only died when I died like
when I failed the stage I think it died
I don't think I killed it
crocodile brain says hey rich just have
to ask but do you really have diabetes
or is that just a running gag was
actually diagnosed myself at 41 and it's
been an eye-opening experience peace and
good health to all that is just a
running gag that is entirely Mike's
invention and I have not once provoked
him to keep going on with that joke oh
god you don't need to provoke him asking
him to stop just makes it worse oh yeah
you can't do that can't do that and the
joke has spread beyond that is uh beyond
Mike it's everywhere I see that
everywhere about Rich's diabetes
medicine you play into the joke rich
what else can I do
god damn it right what would you want
rich to hear and if Richard says nothing
then that's the joke and then they do
that zoom in on ripp saying nothing
things this is a lose-lose situation the
best solution is just to go along with
it
fucking issue hey take some amount of
control over it that's all you can do is
a monster
jump on jump on the anchor god jack oh
my god I hit him with the anchor rich
Jack finally hit him enough with the
scythe no I know he's gonna claim it was
the anchor Stuart rich I spent an entire
life I spent an entire life trying to
kill him the anchor dropped on him and
killed him there got past the goddamn
fish
at the end I should save that laughter I
killed this motherfucker get out of here
get out get the fuck out of here
Charlotte m3 says something that I like
about fury road is that max has been
reduced to an animal by the world and
the that point in the series by helping
furiosa and the slaves he regains his
humanity thoughts yeah I don't I don't
think it's any accident that he's
wearing a muzzle through the first half
of that movie it's not just fury road
either it's a theme that runs through
the entire damned series hmm I'm not
getting his humanity back well not just
max but just everybody kind of being
reduced to an animalistic State you got
the feral kid in road warrior oh yeah
they're in road warrior they're actually
eating dog food because it's like all
they have they're sharing their sharing
dog food with the dog who by the way max
treats just as good as other human
beings actually better
fury road opens with women being milked
ha ha not people being treated like
animals are being reduced to the state
of animal fairness oh no I'm just
laughing cuz I'm agreeing with you oh
yeah that's true it's it's just flat-out
a running theme mm-hmm damn also just
funny to hear you say women are being
milk being moved to that movie oh yeah
like cattle
great doing great doing great feeling
great
great great great
Zach of the exes says we love the worst
cosplay is finished you can check out
right now on the rlm subreddit if you
want to see it all those VHS tapes will
be yours to work with very soon
we love the worst cosplay I'm assuming
this is a person dressed like the wheel
that's that's what it sounds like more
power to you man
and I'm caught up in tips
great as soon as I'm done with this boss
we're gonna be done yeah all right
depending upon how many times I lose
right people are weird people are weird
jatin you get used to it after a while
you just get used to it after a while
what movies did you have on the costume
well if they're doing it right there are
no movies on the costume as we don't
watch movies I don't watch movies on the
wheel we watch weird you know and it's
other it's other instructional videos
how-to videos
VHS instructions for your VCR
oh that was a close one first quarter
okay now stop ignoring this question who
kills Luke in Episode eight but who
kills Luke in Episode eight Luke who
episode oh I actually think Luke's gonna
make it yeah
wait we lost we lost Han Solo yeah we
lost Carrie Fisher in real life yep and
I think even if they were originally
planning on killing Luke I think they'd
realize it would just be too goddamn
depressing though I think he's going to
survive I'm totally with you I'm totally
with you yes true and Yoda made it made
it all the way to to return if they're
doing if they're doing that so if
anything Luke's going to eat it in
return
Hamill wants to be done with it so he's
going to die where is he where's he said
this I would like to know where Mark
Hamill has said this I know a Harrison
Ford was fairly vocal yata lining out
where's Mark Hamill said this yeah Dooku
Luke will dine with her in later as a
boy fist no he'll know he's gonna
survive and he's gonna learn the lesson
that no the galaxy really does need Jedi
course of course he will and then and
then in the in the ninth movie that's
that's when well he'll be the tenth when
they actually if they do kill him it'll
be the little be the trilogy he's gonna
last this trilogy amazing a lot the
whole trilogy yeah I don't I don't I
don't I don't think they're gonna kill
him off I don't think they're too damn
too depressing they're not gonna come
off this movie I'm saying next movie I I
think he's I think he last ball hmm
him him and ray picking up the pieces at
the end is was gonna be that's what's
gonna be Jack oh I mean you're probably
right knowing you rich you're probably
right
hologram Tupac is gonna play young nice
win dude
no ray you go off and have exciting
adventures I need to stay here and
rebuild the Jedi Order Oh yep someone
you are needed elsewhere you know ray
fighting alongside with you has proven
to me how important it is to train the
young Jedi even if I do make mistakes
like with Kyle you you are needed to
fight the good fight in other parts of
the galaxy where the the new the calling
of the new order what are they calling
oh the new order is the bad guy yeah
we're the new order still remains you
need to go do I will stay behind and
train the next generation Oh Luke you're
an inspiration to me and all the Jedi's
and kylo Ren will help you because we're
amending me and Kyle over rent were
mending mending and he's gonna help me
train the new Jedi Oh Luke we're gonna
lose friend friend friend friend that's
my that's my impression of Rey is she
British and everyone ever every actress
is British these days and her actors
they're all everyone every single one of
us you have a British accent in the
movie I honestly can't hey Luke it's
like this is not British but it's a
little British no kylo stays bad he
killed Hanford I'll bet you a hundred
bucks
ha ha ha ha ha yes
his turn might even be at the end of the
next movie out of 8
if kylo turns good which kylo totally
will turn good the seeds are already
fucking there you got a tip us a hundred
bucks because he's he's too bad being
evil to be the final bad guy he's too
bad at being evil because this whole
thing is he's a Darth Vader wannabe yep
yeah which is great which is which works
great at for him as a bad guy but oh no
no of course he's gonna he's gonna team
up with Rey to take out the bad guys
it's gonna be is good so exactly what do
we do when we fall kylo Ren
and cow be like you're you're you're
totally right right and now now that
I've learned my lesson and fallen we
will we will take on emperor Snoke Snoke
is going to declare him a failure zap
him with force lightning and his last
scene in the movie he's going to be
huddled and Anna and a little ball his
costumes gonna be torn up and it's going
to be raining yep and and we're gonna
zoom out and Rey will be there yeah yeah
extended her hand like she did in the
first movie remember she extended a
lightsaber
I shall extend her hand okay hello and
he'll go ray you can teach me it is not
too late it's not you like I know ray
not me Luke
cuz that's where the failure occurred
it'll be Luke walks up to him and holds
out the hands yes
savvy gray I guess cuz they might do a
switcheroo ray could be the one that
ends up in carbonite and who's gonna end
up in carbonite yeah oh yeah I wonder Oh
Cass no cool the kidnapper now all hope
is lost and Luke walks up to kylo Ren no
it's not too late hey Thank You uncle
Luke right ray might end up in the
Carbonite equivalent ooh I like it yeah
cuz Snoke witness knows the cab he wants
her instead because she's more powerful
mm-hmm I like it I like it
mark hey mark this down rich just
figured it out
I like that makes so much sense rich you
just that's totally it market rich
figured out the the next movie the last
Jedi my British impression is quite
amazing I know that's my way the last
one last one ends d cryptically with you
know wide shot Luke just staring at Rey
no words this one's gonna pay him long
it'll be kylo Ren Luke walks up to him
won't say any words they'll zoom out and
kylo no word there won't be any words
the employee I mean I can't I can't make
the face and so I'm what I'm doing is
describing his face but also I really
like my kylo Ren voice and so everyone
that more Finn starts eight in carbonite
well maybe see you in eight months this
is gonna be it I love that I love that
ending that makes so much sense and then
in the last movie is just Ray's be like
with Snoke being like no I'm good
it looks like but evil laughs evilly
like good and kylo and Luke come and
save the day Luke might get it then
we'll see we'll see we'll see
all right great let's wrap this up
where do i how do we do this how do we
do this thing with it hey one last time
one last tip is this vaguely related to
some tired sad says do you think the big
Empire Strikes Back callback will have
Luke revealing he's Ray's father I won't
be surprised I won't be surprised at all
I hope it's not a parentage her
parentage at this point has to be
something interesting does it yes
doesn't it wouldn't be otherwise there's
no mystery to it if they say oh it's no
your parents were these people we have
never met or seen before they can't do
that
but does it did they can't do that like
it wasn't a big thing that people that
abandon her on the the salvage planet
yeah it's a big thing no I have the
parents the family that she's been
waiting for for years she found her new
family that was the point of it she
found her solo and chewbacca
there is a mystery and just for the
audience's sake the answer to that
mystery has to be something interesting
to us we have to we have to know who her
parents were oh we have to attend to me
I guess that wasn't important I don't
want it to be Luke I won't be shocked
cuz if it's Luke Luke is just a giant
asshole can't be Hanalei up because they
would have read they would have said
something I do not to be Luke I don't
want it to be it's gonna why
whuzzamatter cuz then Luke was more shy
an asshole please he's trying to protect
her from the Jedi stuff oh yeah novel
pushers where Lee
on this harsh planet was nobody better
than people trying to kill her be
slightly better than people trying to
kill her hang out with me cuz I'm a
badass Jedi I can protect you
badass Jedi were the fucking imperial
government coming to kill me looking for
my bap they can't find her they can't
find him no one can find him Luke's our
Father huh looks gonna oh I hope Luke's
not her father's up I'm gonna say there
is a I'll go 78% chance
Lucas her father oh I hope I'm
seventy-eight percent certain I really
hope not what one is it makes Luke of
giant asshole - it's just - yeah I mixed
you Luke a giant asshole drama it's just
Rama now and it's too obvious smoking
three trying to convert rate of your
father abandoned you what did he do for
you I will give you the power it's all
there oh it's all there I've I have
decrypted
your right so often that I don't like it
I don't like that it's a possibility
rich I don't even like it alright hey
let's take a moment and thank all the
people who have subscribed to us during
this stream much like Steve the ghosts
uh beer Meister twenty eighty nine
nineteen fucking monster room gave him
the fucking did oh it's one short well
you got an extra fucking so fuck off
could tomb 46m kahani nice morrow Arkady
is an hour in there hottie
Mario Mario 42 four thirty four fucking
months in a row and Mario Marius is
finally playing guacamelee after a mere
two and a half years after your review
gameplay is fun also getting close to
that sweet thirty-six months shit yeah
give us moon for twenty fucking monster
oh and you earned that fucking
dish stir um was it
Anish Anish um yeah Anish zero one one
one says love you show will you ever
play witcher 3 wild huh
maybe someday i've never rolled it out
i've never said I hate The Witcher and I
don't want to play it I've said I've I
got this weird block where I'd want to
play the series in order and I just you
can get over don't like one you can get
over that I do want to play it
unfortunately we just played two big
open world games and so I didn't have
room in my heart but I'm getting there
I'm getting there
so yes one day I think we well where
were we
Quinn some niak says I blame you frauds
for my crippling depression lol fuck my
cock darkus says what our next the end
of stream is what our next row beer
scout
Esterhazy bento box of doom evil lord
david says hey guys
damn here for six months in a row still
love you both and want you to be happy
thanks David uh you know David every
time you said David here it makes my day
there was a that's a great running
running bit you get electric crowbar
purple space bazooka for twenty seven
fucking months in a row says twenty
seven months as part of this hack fraud
parade thanks for all you guys do rusty
Cole mochi b85 for thirty four fucking
months in a row we're getting close says
fight we have one already I know we're
getting close to a whole bunch yeah no I
know bud saved all this sub money I
could have made the deposit for a house
with love mochi small houses with small
very small house every tiny house walk
out a dollhouse for four-foot per maybe
they have a show they have a whole show
on
channel that's all about people living
in tiny houses and buying tiny houses
yeah building like absurdly small houses
that's a show about doll houses I know
more about doll houses than I should
I've worked in miniature I've had to
bide like dollhouse furniture okay
though we need a little set looks like
real Airy so yeah well Bauhaus furniture
is the best way to do that yeah it's
good looking for I've spent for a grown
man I've spent a lot of time in Del
house stores I am sure they're just
thinking another one of these guys oh
yeah oh yeah no you're buying it for a
movie said we're a miniature from movie
I yeah so circa me listen it's easier
for us to do our job if you just drop
the facade tell us what you want we're
not here to judge we like dollhouses too
we work in dollhouse doors
iein furniture on the scale of an orange
orange with a face on it oh you're gonna
put this up your butt aren't you don't
like this up here that's an oddly
specific well one of the characters is a
cucumber yes but but I tell you about
the most awkward moment I had me a
microworld or making oranges step which
but yeah if you don't know what oranges
says you can't find anywhere it's
terrible movie done with talking fruit
like faces painted on them a little
dollhouse furniture for the sets yeah we
need a cucumber for scene so we had to
go to the grocery store me and Mike the
only thing we were buying two grown men
one cucumber the ended up being the most
embarrassing thing well just hope that I
got ya just in my hands one cucumber
between us one single case at some point
Mike realized and just start like
walking away well at least you didn't
also need to buy like oh we need to make
sure that something is glossy go get a
big thing of petroleum jelly it's just
big thing of petroleum jelly and a
cucumber gun Friday night Friday night
my last one was mokey ya know I said why
oh you did them
I did walk out Segan 12 20 27 fucking
months in a row
mr. caboose who properly capitalizes
different parts of his name thank you
this time it's lupus for 18 months in a
row says I will forever miss the wheel
from on candid camera and Gary Coleman -
repeated allusions to and downright
featuring child rape from fire safety -
embarrassing children into my twin dolls
nothing will ever replace the will of
the worst nothing ever is true that's
true nothing will ever replace it
chica MooMoo
it says titanfall 2 is what happens when
devs take criticism to heart great
campaign we revisit I've heard good
things
no no I don't fault - yeah lotta games
haven't gotten around to it don't play
everything insane we just can't yeah
death John uh lupus the third this time
is lupus I think you have a doppelganger
Alex Lowe can tanker Asst B's
cantankerous B's they're not anime Lupin
the third or something
Oh Lupin's like that's an anime thing
the hell an anime just because I've
enjoyed a couple animes here and there
does not make me an you might have heard
of whatever it is you got wrong
what really love where'd we leave off
anime Noah let's go cantankerous bees we
were on cantankerous bees and you were
back on Lupin so this is excellent
MC Lucas birth 34 fucking months in a
row says I give you hack frogs 15 a
month on patreon plus five months for
the prereqs sub love you guys and I hope
you don't mind the adblock haha do not
obviously it doesn't hurt anybody on a
small scale but my larger example are
what who's really going to hurt is the
service provider
I thought MC was gonna start complaining
about the money they've just thrown down
the toilet no it's like it makes sense
but remember we're using these services
for free like that's the medium between
us and if they go it's gonna be a lot
harder so two months away from a lot of
them here I know don't worry we got
plenty of we got plenty of poppers oh
it's me it's my turn
yes it's bill la hecka for thirty four
fucking months in a row bill says thirty
four months this just means you have two
months to come up with a new way of
saying my month's number we already have
clocks tick Gamla guardian he made it
was gobbled it goes right yeah they
already made it there you're late you're
early my turn you might have missed it
you might yeah yeah and it's oh it's
coming up we're you're gonna see it
plenty don't want you worried it's
stupid it's the dumbest thing
it's a dumbest thing it was something
I'm sorry it's all we had we're pretty
dumb you know well I don't you were
gonna do it xeno Trobe for 33 fucking
months of roses why am i why must I
forever be one month behind bill la
hecka
I think I think that's that's obvious
that's just how time works it's the same
reason I will always be older than my
brother Hey well until you did Captain
James May says thank you for all the
laughs he saw that he's last outlast me
after I died
ha ha ha ha ha you know what to shape
lol fuck the Toronto Maple Leaves it's
not just a gimme true true after you
know and subtract the time that he
wasn't around before when you were
you're right you're right
space jack 2084 for 14 months in a row
says you know what's good a fresh hot
pretzel you know fuck yeah fuck yeah
space jack fresh hot pretzel maybe a
little little cheese sauce or a little
mustard on that fuck yeah I'm with you
I'm with you space Jack I love a fresh
shot pretzel rambunctious rapscallion
says Jack I would trash your fucking ass
first of all I'm married she owe in
super smash bros and rich would you
right I mean I believe it I'm not like a
smash profession I just enjoy playing
the game rich would you rather rewatch
rogue one or replay Firewatch in its
entirety without the indicators Jack
suggested row 1 because that's to our
experience versus the five our
experience of fire watch Robo nose clean
hey see it's still shorter okay plus
it's more passive I could just like
daydream while watching wrong yeah yeah
sure the AC says the AC says gangster
boogie cool Jake's hoon J Ben Olli
sticky trap a Clockwork stolid fer 30
months in a room crocodile brain for 30
months in a row crocodile brain says hey
guys I made it to 30 months 30 fucking
munson wrong I made it to 30 months and
wanted to let you know my lady did agree
to getting a dog here's a pic of our
french bulldog who is named ba Huglin
well thank you crocodile brain for
sharing we will try to keep up the good
work I mean it's great if you're a dog
person that's great if I didn't say
fucking 4 o'clock or someone I'm gonna
say that when I got the clockwork Stalin
for 30 fucking months in a row somebody
left the fucking up my alley raza for 14
months in a row
fuzzy brick a horrible glory for 29
fucking months in a room as light Oh a
slight buzzing
I like that I get it
a slight buzzing thank you Claudio Moni
45 anti shatter hero Jin sex says or
hardly working nice God fada
42 427 fucking months in a row says
here's two exactly 27 more there's a man
with a plan
they know what's going on after after
that after what 54 after 54 months the
fucking out of here Cerie chin for 14
months and roses for a second I got
excited thinking I reached 2 years then
I realized I math did wrong in the first
glance got a turn in my Asian card now I
guess that's racist
sorry Jen you're you're a shame to your
ancestors you're so racist ma maiden
love what maiden locked up la what up
Maiden la what up says I just say Madon
Madon Madon locked up and not made in
wat up you know you're saying a weird
made in LA what up well why would ya why
the world why the extra one there's
there's w there's one yeah la la w-whoa
maiden wha top oh yeah for some reason
the word law didn't stick out this is
this is why I don't know I'm on it's not
really different words I don't know if
capitals would help I'm just not sure
how they want us to pronounce that
that's it's a tough one it's the worst
middle maiden la top says is air dashing
replacing shovel Pogo bouncing it
absolutely is a or did but for the
shovel Pogo bouncing because it was fun
though but you know what at least for
this one
they designed whole new levels around
the new jumping gimmick yeah unlike a
plague of shadows
which just reuse the old ones and you
just had to do the same thing so that
was nice of them to do uh wait longer
walrus to the brush oh yeah sin ghuli
for nine mil we don't tell you that for
under a year this is Van Gogh Lee says
uh the more you take I beat you you see
yeah Wow you're a fucking Grinch check I
am um you're f you started giving and
then you took away their anyway little
list spend golly
Svengali says the more you take away
from it the larger it grows what is it
the more you take away from it the
larger it grows
an empty space that's something I'm sure
it's something physical something simple
space
nowhere it's like a bank account like
the more you take over my pudding it's
logical yeah that's not how that works
at all no I was giving an example I was
giving an example of a real thing like a
hole just a hole a hole you're digging a
hole the more you take away from it the
larger grows my being I someone said
hole yeah yeah but you said empty space
a whole rich I came up with that before
you were reading it from the chat you
said an empty space then I said hole oh
okay not oh I like that knowledge the
more you take away the larger it grows
that's known as a hole that's the answer
I'm sure what are you the Republican
Party oh I don't know I'll get it I get
it it was just a joke I'm not an actual
dig or a political statement it really
was just a joke it's too late you've
already said it someone's already
writing us a bad email yeah I know
contact that red letter media we're on
this one oh that's my turn that's right
mr. shields e coffee four mana lady
Denning for 17 months in a row
hunchback jack for twenty three fucking
months in a row says what is this what's
that in metric months either way thanks
for the games the laughs and the
outrageous opinions
you're welcome hunchback Jack Lamont
sausage toes for 28 fucking months in a
rose grand Azul Dante and Erebus and
ather thank you for subscribing we truly
and on ironically appreciate it's true
we really do nowadays night moving your
night what make it a good one a good
shuttle night and make it a good spectre
of a shovel
